hi uh welcome to what Realtors don't
tell you today we're going to uh share
with you a little more on what boundary
surveys are and and the importance of a
boundary survey in purchasing uh a lot
or a a home one of the questions that uh
you have the right to ask before you
purchase or before you buy a home or a
lot is has there been a boundary survey
completed uh with that question of
course the realtor and the the buyer or
the seller would would need to answer
yes there has been a survey or no there
is not and then there can be a
discussion further on as far as uh is it
important to have one and and how much
uh do they really cost hopefully uh some
of the things which we will tell you
will answer those questions a boundary
survey as you can see here uh shows the
boundary of the the parcel that that
you've purchased and and that in this uh
example is shown by the yellow the
yellow line that is the boundary and and
that is what you're purchasing this
tells you the the area the location and
and some of the
things again the uh the boundary is is
being shown by the yellow line and and
this depicts uh a little bit of of
what's happening I'm going to come here
and scale in a little bit uh and then
I'll be able to pan and and give a
little description of of what's going on
before I do that I'd like to just come
over here and this shows a vicinity map
is what this is called of course it
shows you the property in relationship
to a variety of Roads higgy Road South
Bay Road Etc but this is a topography
map and this we'll talk on a later
segment but as you can see the property
drops from Higby Road into South Bay
part of the Big Moose Lake this ground
of course uh being that it's very long
and large uh is not going to be a real
problem um but if it was a a small lot
and it dropped that quickly of course
we'll talk later on how that could be uh
costly in in placing a home in in that
type of a scale but coming back here I
just want to give some highlight light
on a boundary survey as you've noticed
and as we've talked about the yellow
lines represent the the boundary the
bearings and the distances represent uh
what you can anticipate this line here
they or this point here uh they found a
2in angle iron and you travel 112 ft or
10.22 ft here to a second angle iron and
you'd be able to pull a tape and get
very close to uh to that distance uh
again you can visibly see what's on
these corners and that would be one of
the questions in addition that I would
ask is are there Corners placed on uh
each of the areas so you can visibly see
uh your property before you purchased
you can see here that this ground is
3156 Acres uh so it's a fairly large
piece you tells us uh who it is owned by
located uh you know in the County
Recorder at a different location where
you could get that material be aware
that an acre one acre equals
43,560 square ft uh as you can see here
the area is 137,953
in regards to the boundary we have
plenty of room here 42 ft 2723 here uh a
home next door is fairly close a a
one-story framing framed home but it
does not encroach and and does not have
or show any problems on the property
that we have purchased you can see here
is a gravel driveway also you can see
that this road uh South Bay Road goes
through your property and that would be
a ride of way uh as it's depicted here
of 50 ft that goes through your property
that you would not be able to shut off
that would be part of your title report
part of your exceptions in your title
report that that road is there and and
will be permitted to stay it tells you
what they're locating on each of the
corners as well as of course it ties
back into Higby Road where it gives you
your PO which is the point in beginning
one note here I find this very
interesting is of course this is a a
North Arrow so North it shows you Which
Way North is that North that they have
chosen to use on this plat is is
basically an assumed bearing they're
showing it an astronomical North uh from
solar observations and then they give
you a 14 bearing difference to Magnetic
North that if you were out to take a
compass you would be able to show
magnetic north through that Compass
though there are differences in in Norse
and and that becomes uh not very
important uh to to most people but for
surveyors and Engineers that that is is
needed to to at least uh be aware of
here it gives you some additional notes
about the property and and whatnot uh
again this is just an example of a
boundary survey uh again answering the
question what do boundary surveys uh
show you we've kind of gone through a
few of those things it would show any
overlaps any underlaps in your Deeds uh
as well as it would show any conflict
with improvements now one of the major
conflicts that a survey does disclose is
the fence lines versus the the deed
lines uh let me give an example of that
the fence line is the actual
improvements uh a boundary that uh that
people accept or feel that that's their
property and the deed line is
is this line depicted in the yellow
which describes your your property uh
that's one of the most common uh
differences uh that we have found in in
surveying that those two may be a a
little different but a survey would
depict that and and you would know what
that is uh before you purchase the
ground if a survey has has been
completed now if a survey has not been
completed then you certainly have the
right as as part of your due diligence
to request a survey a survey uh could
range anywhere between 700 to uh
$3,000 depending upon how large and and
where the the property is located in
most cases where there is a subdivision
and you've purchased all of lot four of
of a a certain subdivision those mean uh
or that tells you by that that very
question it tells you that that has been
surveyed once before and has been
subdivided and uh there should be some
control that the surveyor could give you
a reasonably quick turnaround as well as
a Breakin cost because of of that uh who
is to pay for it you know that's again
negotiated in your contract sometimes I
have seen where both people pay for it
both the seller and the buyer but uh
again that's determined by by your uh
real estate
contract a a survey is is in my opinion
very important obviously we we are land
surveyors and and we highly recommend
surveys to to know where your boundaries
are let me share an example uh of of one
of the situations that we have ran into
a buyer was selling a piece of ground
where they thought that they had
approximately 14 12 acres to sell and uh
they determined with the the seller that
they were going to sell the ground uh
based upon a price per acreage and so
they determined uh the the acreage the
best they could times it by the factor
or the the cost per acre factor that
they determined and and sold the
property later uh a few few months later
the the buyers approached us and says we
really want to know what we bought we we
want to know if we got more or less uh
the the amount again it's after the fact
and and uh at this point it is what it
is and and there's no changing it and so
we we did survey it and determined that
the the acreage in this case was
actually uh an acre and a half larger so
it was about 16 acres and so the the
buyers got an acre and a half basically
for for nothing uh because a survey
wasn't done by by the sellers uh in this
case that equaled approximately
$70,000 that the uh the seller lost
because they did not pay for a uh $1,500
survey so again uh very important
especially when you're buying ground to
know the boundaries uh a boundary survey
is going to tell you that it's going to
tell you the things that I have depicted
here and and certainly in our opinion
very important uh again we appreciate
you purchasing what realators don't tell
you.com and the material we hope you
find success in your uh real estate
Adventures as well as in your dream home
and and different things that you are
purchasing the ground for we again
appreciate it if you have any questions
please feel free to email us on the uh
the email provided on the website thank
you and have a good day