hey guys welcome back to my channnel so
in this video I'm going to show you guys
how I do my beer Rines they're super
easy super simple only catch is with
this is that you have to be old enough
to buy your own beer so teenagers you
probably want to ask your parents if
it's okay to do it I use bud wiser on my
hair and before I jump into this video
let me tell you guys some of the
benefits and I promise it won't take
that long beer is rich in proteins and
vitamins it has the ability to make your
hair Fuller thicker and it also softens
your hair now I'm pretty sure some of
you guys are going to ask me if it will
grow out your hair now I don't think
that it will grow out your hair I have
been researching hair growth with beer
so I'm pretty positive that it won't
grow your hair out also with this beer
rinse you want to do it once a month
because it can become drying over time
so it can dry your hair out because it
does have alcohol in it so make sure you
keep that in mind as well so if you want
your hair thicker and Fuller then stay
tuned for the video so in this clip my
hair is already shampooed and clean and
I'm just going to pour the beer right
over my hair and on my
scalp you're going to work the beer
throughout your
hair and then you're going apply a
plastic cap and in this case I'm using a
plastic cap and I also use my hard candy
Bonnet and I left it on for about 20 to
30
minutes so after that you're going to
rinse it out and you can style it
however you
want I did three band two
knots I took it down in the morning as
you guys guys can see my hair is looks
really thick it looks really healthy it
actually looks like a cloud because it
has so much volume you guys I don't
think I've ever had this much volume in
my hair so if you want your hair to be
volumous thicker definitely give it a
try thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll talk to you in the next video
peace
oh