welcome to Anita's guide to simple and
easy cooking I'm an eater and today I
will show you how to make okra curry
which is also known as lady's finger or
bindi so let's get started to make up a
bindi curry I've got here 500 grams of
thinly sliced bindi or okra which is
also known as lady's finger I've got
some oil to cook it in one medium onion
finely chopped 1/2 a teaspoon of cumin
seed and mustard seed once more chilling
2 tablespoons of grated garlic salt to
taste and 2 sprigs of curry leaf what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna use a nonstick
frying pan and I'm gonna put my pan on
medium heat so I can heat up the oil oil
is hot now I'm gonna add my seeds give
it a quick mix before start sizzling
everywhere I don't want you to spray
that some just collide my honey
and my colonies and I'm gonna cook my
onions it's like brown color gonna burn
knees or anything that's a light golden
color my onions are starting to get
light brown color can help you
I don't wanna join my onions so what I'm
gonna do is add my okra baby
Oh ladies finger gonna mix it well so
what to add my chili when I was cooking
onions I'm gonna eat it now remember
this is totally optional today I'm not
gonna use any tools or anything I'm just
gonna use it clients fall then I'm half
a teaspoon of salt now because later we
can taste again
then I give it a good mix we're gonna
put my lid on and let it cook away for
about ten minutes my bindi has been
cooking for 10 minutes I'm gonna give it
a mix and I'm gonna text my soul and if
you'll notice the wind is very slightly
we'll use our oldest flying ability or
okra so I've got a secret Bolivian
heaven are always useful Celine I'm
gonna add it now is lemon juice it will
stop the sliminess and then I'll give it
a mix and also on a text message all to
make sure that I put the right amount of
salt silicon discs in according to your
face so this is it a sweetness and I'm
going to taste it
and I'm going to cook this now for
another five minutes
so see you back inside me after adding
the lemon juice
Malindi was cooking for five minutes now
so I'm going to give it a quick mix and
I'm going to taste my sauce for the
final time if they have a look all the
slime is just about gone
it doesn't need any pull it takes bright
mice it's ready now so I'm gonna take my
feet off but if you want to make your
wind a little bit more crispier you can
cook it for three to five minutes but
it's ready to eat now so I'm gonna be
serving my building with roti and if you
want to know how to make rotis I'll put
a link below
enjoy thank you for watching my channel