[Music]
hi guys happy hry Wednesday for
Wednesday May 4th
2016 so uh as you know I've been gone
for a little while uh been really busy
uh taking care of my mom and things uh
happy to report on that that uh she is
getting better starting to get around a
little bit um so that's not taking up
quite as much time uh so let's go ahead
and uh we'll crack open a brew
here uh tonight I think I'll have a
cider just cuz it's kind of warm today
and and it sounds good so we'll pop that
open and uh we'll pour up a
glass one of the reasons that uh I
haven't
been able to put out videos the last few
weeks is uh I'm taking a class and it's
on Tuesday nights and that's uh when
I've been doing my home brew Wednesday
videos is on Tuesday nights so uh that's
one of the reasons I got a couple more
weeks of that but uh I'm going to try
and do them on Mondays for the next
couple weeks uh nice carbonation on that
as you can see it's uh nice and Crystal
Clear uh cheers
everyone so yeah my class on Tuesday
night I've been uh taking a Citizens
police academy uh it's been very
interesting class we've learned how to
do uh fingerprinting and things like
that and uh this last Saturday we went
out to the range and uh did some shoot
shoting and uh they showed us how to
blow some stuff up with the SWAT team
out there so yeah it's been a pretty
interesting class um besides that what's
been going on been really busy at work
uh we're actually uh getting ready just
started today uh moving into a new
building so uh going to be really busy
the next month uh with work and and on
top of work uh trying to get everything
moved to the new building uh so that's
going to occupy a lot of my time and uh
as you guys know it's springtime so I've
been doing a lot of yard work uh I've
got a little bit planted in the garden
I've uh planted rarb and uh peas so far
uh hoping to get some uh carrots and uh
radishes in this next weekend and uh
Mother's Day is coming up so we'll be
doing that this
weekend um what's been going on in the
uh Pub as you can see I've put up some
new lights around I've got half done I'm
uh pretty busy so I've only got half
done here's the other other string of
lights that's uh going to go around this
shelf over here it's going to look just
like this uh so yeah trying to get that
done on top of everything else and uh
and uh brewwise we'll uh I'll pause the
camera for a second and uh I'll show you
a few things I got going
on so uh over here we have moved these
out as you can see they're uh nice and
clear ready to be bottled so I move
those up hopefully uh this next weekend
I can get those bottled this is the uh
Apple
raspberry and this one is the crab
apple both uh looking like they're ready
to be bottled up so uh we'll be taking
care of those in the next week or two uh
just making sure all the siment uh
settles back down from moving them and
then we'll uh go ahead and either rack
them or bottle them uh we'll do a
sampling on them see how they are if
they need to sit another couple weeks or
if they're ready to bottle and then uh
down here I've got some wine mail that's
uh getting ready to go out uh I did get
bottling done and uh got some labeling
done um over here as you can see my rack
is finally full once
again um we've got just
peachy and we've got totally
bananas and we've got absolutely great
grateful uh those are the three that I
bottled up here a couple weeks ago um as
you can see they're uh absolutely
crystal
clear uh nice looking wine um the only
one that I have sampled so far is the uh
banana and uh this time rather than the
last time when I had banana wine uh you
can actually taste the banana on the
back end of this wine uh tastes like a
Peno ggio uh with a hint of banana on
the tail end so I'll be doing samplings
of these this is the uh grape out of the
grapes out of my backyard when we first
moved into the house uh it was 18 months
before I could bottle that uh was having
some trouble clearing it um as you can
see it uh finally did clear
up so uh we got that in a bottle uh I'm
pretty excited to give that one a taste
I did uh sample just a little bit when I
bottled it but uh doesn't do it justice
we'll uh we'll do a a proper tasting on
all three of these uh once uh I get a
chance to do
that here's a closer look at the lights
around the uh all my wine and my booze
rack here behind the bar uh used to have
old rope lights on the outside here
we've uh went ahead and uh updated and
put all LED lights in now so uh that
that's kind of cool then uh if you come
over here my wine racks are they all
full once again if you guys remember
they were uh looking pretty bare it had
been a while with moving and all that
that
uh was able to get anything bottled up
and made so we're finally starting to
get things stocked back up and uh here's
a peek at the uh other wine rack so as
you can tell we've got plenty of wine
bottled up uh I bottled up 12 120
bottles of wine uh a week or so ago so
then we got a few more to bottle up uh
just a second and we'll uh take you and
we'll give you a peek at the watermelon
wine back in the back there is uh two
more 5 gallon jugs of peach wine then
we've got some sample batches going on
along there and then this one here
that's still cloudy uh as you can see
the uh redness has all fell out of it
but uh it's still kind of Cloudy so uh
we're going to give that some more time
that's the watermelon wine so we're
going to give it a little bit more time
and uh let that keep uh clearing up I
had a lot of people that was uh
interested in the watermelon wine
wondering what was going on with it uh
so there you have it uh we still just
need to give it some time let it clear
uh that's the thing with uh using fresh
fruit uh it takes time to clear out I
mean there are some clearing agents and
things that you can use but that's just
using more chemicals I like to use uh th
and uh just because as the wine ages
it tastes better so I like to use time
to uh clear out the wine so we'll just
give that a little bit more time three
four more weeks hopefully it'll be ready
to bottle that by then and uh we'll go
from
there so
uh so that's uh pretty much what's been
going on in my uh neck of the woods over
here been uh really busy I'm still
getting a little bit bit of things done
not as much as I'd like to of course uh
I still got a couple beer kits that I
want to get put together uh with Summer
coming up I want to get another batch of
wine coolers going on I need to get some
uh wine mail out to some guys that were
promised uh hopefully I can get that
done this week and uh that's about it
guys so until next time remember there's
always time for a glass of wine
cheers
[Music]
oh