[Music]
welcome to dy's Delicacies today we're
going to be making cream cheese frosting
which is the perfect addition for sugar
cookies so check out my link below if
you want to make sugar cookies or to top
cakes brownies or any kind of delicious
dessert so we're going to start with 1 8
oz package of cream
cheese you can also use the um reduced
fat cream cheese I used that lots of
times and it works really good and still
tastes really
good add that to your
mixer the next thing I'm going to add is
1 half cup of butter or one stick of
butter you're going to want to make sure
that these are nice and soft so that
they mix together really well I'm going
to go ahead and turn on my mixer and get
that butter and cheese mixed together
while this is mixing you're going to
want to add one teaspoon of vanilla it's
going to give it a really delicious
flavor let that mix
in and finally we're going to add about
2 cups of powdered
sugar you're going to want to add the
powdered sugar slowly so that it doesn't
just fly out
everywhere okay I'm just going to scrape
down the sides a little bit just to make
sure that everything gets all mixed
together really
well and then we're going to add another
cup of powdered
[Music]
sugar
[Music]
okay this looks good it's a good creamy
consistency now if you like yours a
little more stiff especially if you're
going to be piping this then go ahead
and add you know a half a cup to a cup
more of the powdered sugar or if you get
this too stiff go ahead and just add a
little bit of milk about a teaspoon at a
time until it's the perfect consistency
try this on all of your favorite
desserts and go ahead and go check out
my sugar cookie recipe it's so good
thanks for watching you guys make sure
you give me a thumbs up and a comment
and subscribe have a good
[Music]
day