for the sake of this video turn that off
so you can hear me just for a second
this stuff is strong alright so make
sure you got gloves on these are just
regular dish gloves they do work I do
believe that this is made of some type
of HTTP high density polyethylene or and
it is very resistant to hydrofluoric so
it won't burn through your gloves if you
do get it on your skin wash it off after
about 30 seconds if you leave it on it
will turn you will turn your skin red
that is the first signs of a
first-degree burn hold in the bottle my
hand is still there it's an off just
like that there's Braille it's a pull
bar no worries no problem okay
don't let it sit on your hand till you
start to feel it tingle not a good idea
now how do we properly etch a tub okay
so we're just gonna do this area I'll
show you get it now I like to get my
scotch right patent it's a little bit
damp because it helps smooth it out
now you just scrub it into the tough
surface like this just like that now
what I'm doing at oh I do the whole side
here in this and we need the top a
little bit okay now if you guys if this
is a glazed tile a black tile a shiny
tile we're at an apartment building
that's about 40 years old
these are unglazed tile the fumes from
the etch will not noticeably do anything
to the tile however if you're in a
homeowners home and you're doing this
and they have a nice black shiny or a
glazed tile or something you need to
tape this up and you need to tape it up
at least 18 inches because the vapor
from this will go up the wall and it
will etch their tile and if it itches
their tile from the vapor you
not gonna have a very nice day I'm
telling you that if it had just the tile
a little bit you might be able to polish
it out if it's a hardened porcelain
coated ceramic tile forget it
you're gonna you're not gonna be having
a fun time because you're gonna have to
explain to the homeowner what happened
and yeah thank God for insurance because
you're gonna be making an insurance
claim for about a $3,000 job on the guys
bathroom he's not going to be very happy
so mask it up if you're doing anything
on a high glazed tile that's noticeable
this probably not so noticeable so it's
not that big of a deal so that's what
we're gonna we're gonna do this and then
after you put it on you can go to the
other part of the tub don't be silly
don't start doing this first because you
you're gonna lean all into it you're
gonna get all dirty and it's it you know
this soaks through your clothes you're
gonna give yourself a burn so it's not a
good idea
so work smart work away and then come
forward again you see what I'm wearing
here the vapor from this when it hits
your skin it'll it'll give you a sunburn
it'll look like a summer that's a
chemical burn so we're proper clothing
like this to stop just to stop it from
giving yourself a burn and wear gloves
to you're not try to do this with your
hand you're gonna really regret it
it'll burn you okay so after you ask
this once and it's been on there about
this long you go back and you sand it
again with a scotch-brite pad like that
did I call this a double-edge and
basically what you're doing is you're
actually sand in the porcelain because
the edge sat on there long enough the
whole from the porcelain off it started
to go into it
and what you'll notice is see how it's
you can tell it or not it starts to go a
little bit choppy you want what you do
is and you know what that is that's the
porcelain action a portion of of course
when you're actually scrubbing off
that's so strong its toughest but that's
what you need okay that's twice that
scrub that in now when I go to rinse it
off I'm gonna turn the tub on I'm gonna
get a whole bunch of water on my scotch
brite pad and then I'm going to struggle
one more time then it's going to
really deluded it's gonna start to rinse
down and that's where I'm really gonna
pay attention to make sure I get all the
grime off all the soap scum off then
after I've done that and it's almost
look pretty much all rinsed out I'm
gonna take my big huge grout sponge and
I'm just going to rinse the tub down all
with water clean it all really nice
rinse my sponge a bunch of times in the
water I'll show you guys that okay