hi guys welcome back to packing Pinot
today we are going to make the hole and
I have my little assistant here this is
Gavin yeah so this is Gavin and he's
going to help me to make that the hole
this is one of my yeah this is one of my
childhood favorite the hole with our
nibble and segoe so the mono used to
shout there the whole the whole very
loud so that everyone can hear that and
once you hear that the hole from the man
oh you have to run quickly bring your
own cup or you can also have his the cup
that he's going to give to you so today
why don't you just follow those recipes
that we're going to make instead of
buying it from the man of the hole okay
so stay tuned guys okay so these are the
ingredients 1 liter of soy milk no yes 4
tablespoon of gelatine powder so this is
it powder yes agent yes one cup of the
puker pearls we also have 1 cup of brown
sugar
YUM in 1 cup of water
so we will start doing that the hall are
you ready okay so the first thing that
we're going to do is to heat this soy
milk so we have a pot here soy milk into
the pot the pot just be careful please
[Music]
thank you Gavin
so we'll just wait for it to get hot and
while we're waiting for that we're going
to get the gelatin powder so we're going
to use 4 tbsp of gelatine powder I'm
going to measure it later 1
Jew
three
four so four tables for a teaspoon of
gelatine powder okay and we're going to
put some water to a tablespoon to a
tablespoon of water okay so now we're
going to dilute the gelatine would you
like to do this please
okay so this is our gelatin powder we
can add some more water
because it's too thick just add one more
tablespoon mix it okay you go this side
you mix it and I'm going to stir
is this enough
some more right okay yep this is done
this is good enough so of course this is
the easy way of doing that the whole but
if you have more time and you have the
right equipment you can do it from the
scratch using the soybeans but this time
we're just going to use the soy milk
because it's easier so now it's time to
put the gelatine to our soy milk yeah
I'll do it me love okay so I'll put the
gelatine yeah yup and then just stir OH
you can use this starting to smell like
every
this is done we can just turn off the
heat then next we're going to use the
strainer or you can also use cheesecloth
if you have that okay so next thing is
we're going to strainer put our soy milk
with gelatine and into the bowl hey it
didn't because we stir it properly
reason let's try to remove the bubbles
so we're going to let it cool for about
an hour before we serve this so we'll
just put it on the side okay so our the
next step is to cook our tapioca pearls
so further tapioca pearl it depends on
the packaging how long you're going to
cook this so for this one we have to
cook this for at least 15 minutes so I
have the pot and the water later when
it's boiling
so it's boiling now would you mind
putting the tapioca pearl please just be
careful okay all right okay so we're
going to cook this for about 15 minutes
okay okay so for the final step we're
going to cook our brown sugar or we're
going to make our nibble or the caramel
sauce so we're going yes we're going to
pour in the water okay so next we're
going to put our brown sugar okay so
we're going to stir this make sure that
the sugar will be okay so this is done
we can just turn off the heat and I will
transfer it into a container or
into this
okay so we will let it cool okay we will
not turn off the heat and then we will
drain the water in our tapioca pearl so
I'm just going to do it here yep okay so
now we're going to arrange our hole
we're going to do that in a cup so it's
a little bit big but if you have a
smaller cup that's better I guess so if
you are going to have this kind of Tahoe
I think you have to pay twenty pesos
yeah it's big yeah okay yeah so now huh
so we're going to start with our iron
Evol so we're going to put a little bit
on the bottom okay okay that's enough
okay next we're going to scoop our
soybean curd or this is that the whole
yeah so we're going to scoop it like
this I like to try it yeah later
okay so put it like this it remembers it
makes me remember of Singapore yeah and
also Philippines well that's a big girl
yeah it's the hole and the bean curd is
really good
Pinkerton signal is delicious so because
our cup is a little bit big a lot
yeah and I'm going to alternate it with
syrup yeah we need to add more syrup
yeah so you have to be careful though
okay so it's going to add some more
[Applause]
y'all are you gonna ever know okay so
this is enough okay I'm just going to
add more syrup on top
okay then we're going to put our tapioca
pearls so you can just put it on top
okay so Gavin will taste our at the hall
how was it it's delicious
I couldn't eat this all day yeah so it's
a thumbs up mm-hmm okay so just keep on
eating there Gavin and I just want to
thank you guys for watching this video
please don't forget to share like and
subscribe to this channel and visit our
website at www.att.com/biz eveyone and
of course join our facebook group at a
kind kenoyer recipes so thank you guys
have a good day bye
you