foodle welcome to Food House all right
enough messing around this is how we
braze we're not going to get all fancy
with cheesecloth parchment straining and
reducing we're just going to talk about
the basic idea of brazing you can take
it from there brazing is all about
cooking Meats at a low temperature for a
long time in a shallow amount of liquid
it's fullprof almost the best parts of
the animal for brazing are those that do
all the working these cuts are tougher
have lots of flavor and mostly come from
the front end of the animal these
usually have names like Chuck shoulder
short rib shank butt belly neck brisket
picnic Naval come on let's get to it
these are the basic steps Brown your
meat add your aromatics pour in your
stock insert your meat cook it here I'm
using bone in beef plate short ribs salt
it put some oil inside an enameled cast
iron podt or Dutch oven and brown your
meat now Browning doesn't mean cooking
it all the way through it just means
giving giving it that nice brown crust
also why do we Brown first well there's
a lot of that flavor that we all love in
that crust and this is the thing most of
our brazing liquid is composed of water
and water can only get as hot as
212° but the Browning reaction that we
know and love begins around 310 so the
braze itself will never get that
beautiful crusty Brown flavor on the
meat if we don't get some color on it
first plus it leaves behind all this
there's tons of flavor in there next add
chopped onion carrot and celery you can
add other things too but at the very
least this three veg combo mil in French
is the foundation of many soup stock
sauces and stews give it time to sauté
add some garlic and tomato paste and let
it all get that toasty
color if you're going to add wine add it
first so the shock of the pot will help
burn off the alcohol then add some
chicken beef ve or vegetable stock
replace your meat meat your brazing
liquid should be somewhere around 3/4 of
the way up your meat throw in some black
pepper and a bundle of herbs like thyme
Rosemary and oregano H tie it or not tie
it who cares okay just as it starts to
Bubble put a lid on it and into a 250
degree oven it goes I'd give it anywhere
between 2 and 1/2 to 7 hours depending
on the size and cut of your meat 3 to 4
hours is probably a good bet keep your
oven between 250 and 275 and you'll be
fine go make yourself a cocktail now
there are a few places this can all go
wrong this is the biggest one when your
brazing is done it's important to let
them meat rest in that brazing liquid if
you take it out now it'll dry out so let
it cool in the liquid now this is one of
those things that tastes better the next
day anyway so let it rest refrigerate it
overnight scrape that fat layer off the
top the next day and reheat to
eat