hey guys welcome back to my channnel I
hope you're all having a really really
lovely day so today I'm going to be
filming something a little bit different
which I'll get to in a second but first
if you're new here hi I'm n very nice to
meet you if you like me and if you like
this video can check out more and maybe
subscribe why not I mean if you don't
like me then don't but you know um yeah
also check out my social media I love
Instagram I'm obsessed with Instagram as
you guys know by now and also I got my
Tumblr back recently so it's Nikita
um I'll link it down below but yeah I
have my Tumblr back and I'm so happy I
Love Tumblr so check that out if you
want to my face hurts from smiling wow
okay so today's video is basically going
to be like the start of my minimalism
journey I guess one of my New Year's
resolutions was to become a minimalist
or at least like work towards that and
so I wanted to share my journey cuz I'm
a beginner at this definitely not good
at it yet but one of the things that I
suck at is keeping my clothes to a
minimum like I own so many clothes
because I love fashion so I'm pretty
sure this is going to be really hard for
me so I wanted to film it cuz I feel
like a lot of these minimalism videos
are very like you seem perfect and I'm
never going to like be able to own 20
things like that's insane um so I wanted
to share this video cuz I'm definitely a
beginner so most of you can probably
relate and you can do this with me if
you want to so yeah I'm about to tell
you how I'm going to go about this and
then at the end I'm going to film a
little clip of me just after I cleared
out everything U just kind of how I'm
feeling and what's different and if
anything feels different cuz I'm not
really sure honestly okay so every
single minimalism person has talked
about this book and so I decided to read
it cuz all of them were saying that it
changed their lives it's amazing blah
blah blah I hated this book okay hate is
a strong word I didn't hate it I dislike
this book I'm not judging ing this book
or anyone who likes it I just am not the
person who would enjoy this type of book
I love reading like about psychology and
philosophy and poetry and things like
that so a book about tading up I was
just like she was sharing about her like
Tiding history and I was just like I
give zero about this like
literally I do not care whatsoever so if
you're one of those people who loves
this book that's amazing I wish I could
read this and love it and get like
inspired and change my life um but I
just could not so basically what I did
is I researched online of like methods
from this book um so I wrote them down
I'm about to share them with you and I'm
about to try them out and then we'll see
if they work how I feel all that okay so
the first tip is to not clean by space
but by category so basically don't like
go into your room room and clean out
everything there first and then go to
your like closet and kitchen and all
that but like start with I don't know
like fashion and just tackle all that
and when you're dealing with fashion
like first start with all of your shirts
and display them all and then go through
each item I think that's a good tip I've
never tried that before I always just
clean my room and then I'm like okay
can't wait for this to get messy in
about 15 minutes um so yeah I think this
is going to be good okay and then the
second tip I think is really good as
well is to look at every single item and
ask yourself if it brings you Joy I just
think that's a really cool way of doing
this it's a more enjoyable way I think
that's really cool so I'm happy try this
out and then this next one I'm just like
what and it's to thank every single item
that you're about to like throw away or
donate or something I just think that's
kind of weird but we'll try it out I'm
not judging we'll see maybe this is
amazing I don't know okay the next one
is to fold in like a weird way I don't
know how to explain it I'll have like a
clip I don't think I'm going to like
this cuz I just like to fold things
quickly my closet like the actual closet
it's really organized it doesn't get
messy I just own way too much stuff so I
don't think I'm going to fold stuff like
her way of doing it and we'll see okay
then the next one I also think I am not
going to try or like we'll see um it's
to like hang clothes in a certain way
I'm going to have a picture but again my
closet is really organized that's not
the problem at all it like never gets
messy and I like my clothes to be color
coordinated when it comes to the stuff
that I hang I just think it looks less
messy and it looks nicer so yeah again
if you want to try that out it's just
supposed to look less like cluttery if
you like hang it in this way but I don't
really have a problem with that I don't
know okay then the last tip is just the
one that I made up um I think I heard it
in a few videos actually um but it's
basically not from her book I'm pretty
sure and it's basically going to be like
a maybe pile and I want to keep it to a
minimum like I don't want to just like
put everything in a maybe pile and just
like do nothing basically but there's a
few clothes that I know that I'm just
like not going to be able to make up my
mind um cuz it's either like summer
stuff but like I don't know what I'm
going to wear in the summer so then I'm
just going to um put it in a certain
section of my closet and then see if I
reach for all that stuff and if I don't
I'm just going to throw it out after a
few months so yeah that is all the stuff
that I'm going to try to do slash force
myself to do so I'll film a little bit
and then again at the end share my
thoughts and how I feel and what changed
and all that so yeah let's do it I'm
excited woo okay but I just hate
throwing clothes away I love clothes oh
this is going to be hard okay let's do
it before I change my mind okay so that
is all of the clothes I own oh and I
have some more up there I'm starting
with shirts so these are all the long
sleeve shirts I own and now I'm going to
use the method of asking myself if it
brings me joy and thanking everything
that I want to throw away and um putting
some stuff in a maybe
[Music]
pile
[Music]
I went through all my long sleeve shirts
these are the ones that I'm keeping uh
cuz I wear them all the time and I love
them these are the ones that I need to
think about and like try on or put in a
maybe pile um so I'm going to try them
on right now and then these are the ones
that I'm definitely throwing out okay so
I'm now trying on the clothes I put on a
bra and a pair of jeans I can like
properly see how the items look and this
one for example I'm throwing out because
I it's been in my closet for like a year
and a half and I think I've worn it like
twice so I think I should get rid of
this and I don't really like it that
much anyway I'm going to try on the rest
of the stuff and then move on to short
sleeve shirt for every item that I
didn't know I put in like one place
which has now become a huge pile so I'm
going to like try on the pieces and go
through everyone ask myself if it brings
me joy and stuff but that means I'm not
doing it in like categories cuz now I'll
show you I just have a huge pile of
clothes that there's like jeans jackets
like everything so yeah but you know
what this is my way of doing it I think
I'm doing okay so far this stuff on the
bed is everything I'm I know I'm keeping
for short and then this is the pile that
I need to like work on and it's a pretty
huge pile so yeah but I'm done with this
part that's just my gym bag and I'm done
with all of this everything that's in
here I'm keeping as well and then this
is my gym stuff and like underwear which
I need to go through cuz there's
definitely a lot of things I'm going to
throw out in here I know that and then I
have I think like two jackets in here
that I need to get rid of like one of
them and that's pretty much it so this
is my maybe pile and I'm going to put it
up there just so I don't like see it cuz
if I'll see it I'll probably wear it
more but that doesn't mean I want to
that probably just means I haven't done
laundry in 2 weeks so I'm going to put
it up there probably forget about it and
if I don't think of oh where's that
shirt then obviously I don't need it so
that's a tip put your maybe pile if you
have one keep it to a minimum I didn't
really succeed in that that much but put
it somewhere where you won't be able to
see the clothes Okay so I am now done
finally I'm so happy didn't actually
take that long um but I thought I would
show you the final look so this is how
my closet looks like I emptied out that
whole thing and put everything that I
need in that so there's just like the
maybe pile and then suitcases and like
my snowboarding equipment all that stuff
that I actually need but don't use on a
daily and then this looks pretty much
exactly the same I think I got of like
three things from this section of the
closet just because I usually hang
things that I wear a lot I got rid of
quite a lot of um Fitness stuff and a
lot of leggings things like that and
then this is the last part of my closet
the only thing that I guess I was pretty
bad at was like summary shirts so that
like bigger pile is all of my Summer
shirts and the reason why I didn't get
rid of that much stuff in that section
is because um I don't really know what
I'm going to wear in the
summertime um so I'm definitely going to
you know have to go through my whole
entire closet like a few times to get my
closet to a normal size but let me show
you this huge pile of I'm getting
rid of so this is everything I'm getting
rid of it literally looks like the size
of one closet so yeah I'm pretty happy
with that and then this is the
accessories and two bags of shoes so
yeah quite a lot of stuff well I haven't
got rid of it yet but I'm going to do
that in a few days if you're going to do
this um I I guess I didn't really follow
any of the stuff that I said I was going
to do but if your closet is like
unorganized and messy then definitely
try that out um and then I didn't really
think the items that I'm getting rid of
I just I didn't even think of that and
then I did use the like does that bring
me joy method uh which I can see how
that would be really helpful for a lot
of people and then uh for the few items
that I didn't know I just put it in a
maybe pile which maybe isn't like the
right thing to do um and I don't really
feel like any different right now
obviously I haven't physically gotten
rid of it yet so that's why I think I
don't feel any different uh but I think
it's going to be easier to get dressed
as I said I didn't really succeed with
the tips but I think I did a good job I
mean I got rid of a lot of stuff so okay
that's it for this video I hope you guys
enjoyed that and if you want to see more
of this minimalism series let me know
and let me know what you actually want
to see and I'll talk to you soon
bye