I am having guests over this evening and
I am known for my delicious appetizers
but little do they know that it's super
super easy we're going to make a brief
fondue this evening and it's super easy
I've got three simple ingredients butter
cream cheese and Joan of Arc brie Brie
is a delicious creamy earthy flavor
that's a really rich delicious cheese
and it makes a wonderful creamy fondue
so simple enough we just add the butter
to a fondue pot get that in there as
well as our cream cheese and then the
brie cheese nice and easy
then we're going to amount and combine
these ingredients just stir these all
together after about 15 minutes of
consistently stirring on medium heat you
will have a smooth delicious
Bree fondue after we have a perfect
consistency just turn down your fondue
pot to low this will keep your fondue
warm and creamy and make sure you give
it a stir every once in a while just to
keep that consistency perfect so when
your guests are about to arrive grab
some appetizer plate and some lovely
items to serve your fondue with we
suggest some fresh cut apples green
peppers celery and some fresh cut bread
you can also top your fondue with some
delicious spices such as peppercorns
some chopped green spices
or some cinnamon this adds a little
extra spice or little extra flavor to
your fondue and it looks really pretty
too well bone Appetit make sure you
allow your guests to have some lovely
red wine and some French Champagne and
enjoy your party for more recipes go to
DCI cheese cocom