[Music]
we've got a question about patches on
the keys after you've moved to a new gym
so one of the guys that trains with me
now Rob he recently moved to this gym
from another gym and you know he's gonna
be here for a while so he's sort of
under us now but he was wondering what
does he do with the patches that he has
on his ski from his old gym he's like I
just get rid of him do I keep him one
like what I do because he plans to go up
to the gym the old gym because he visits
you know home from time to time pretty
regularly and so he's wondering should
he keep Aggie that has the patch on it
so that he can go in there and still
like kind of be respectful to that
person or is it going to be
disrespectful to the coach that he's at
now me if he keeps the patch on right
and he's wondering what my thoughts are
on obviously he knows that this will
vary from instructor to instructor but
what are my thoughts on it so first off
Rob thanks for the question dude and you
already know my answer on this but again
I'll share this with everyone else so as
far as the way that I feel about patches
I would find it disrespectful if you
came to my gym and you're gonna like
let's say for instance you watching this
if you were a trained jujitsu and maybe
you were like in Rob's case you were a
pretty darn good blue belt real tough
blue belt right and then you moved to
this gym and you came in and you had a
passion I would find it kind of
disrespectful if you didn't keep a patch
of that personal one right because to me
unless there was a falling-out where you
guys had a really bad situation where
you didn't want to be associated with
that person at all think about it this
way as coaches we give to our students a
part of us right you may not think about
it this way but like if I teach my
students I'm in the trenches with them
training and drilling and doing all this
stuff
I'm not simply sitting up on a board
going like hey do this and point to
something right I'm in the trenches with
them putting myself at risk of bodily
injury that's a part of me right my body
has been altered sometimes by the things
that my students do right I've given my
students a piece of me in order to make
them better
and you guys out there if you move your
former coach gave their sell a piece of
themselves to you to make you better
right and so to me like I would be I
would say that's kind of you know to me
and I think it's fine to be respectful
to that person to pay homage to them to
say listen this person made me better
they got me going in jiu-jitsu and
still have a ton of respect for him I'm
gonna keep a patch on him and sort of
something to show you guys I used to be
under cuñado right I'm not under here
not anymore because it's just there's a
distance thing right it's a very far
distance to be down to Florida and I
don't have the ability to go down there
very often and so I went under Shawn
because of the close proximity in the
relationship that I personally have with
Shawn but that said I have a great deal
of respect for her not oh and if you see
around here inato symbol puñado had a
definite impact on my game if it wasn't
for him my half guard wouldn't be what
it is he showed me a ton of really
awesome drills had a really big impact
in my game and so I'm not going to
extinguish the memory of not oh just
because I'm no longer under him so even
on the wall right here where I have like
all the like the list like so here Shawn
hears me and hears all the you know the
Gracie's like a Leo and Carlos in here
is hears annatto right again I'm no
longer under him but at the same time I
have a great deal of respect for what he
did
who what he did for me and what he did
for the gym most stop talking on this
thing until I get it back over there so
to finish this video here's what I would
say to you if you are going to a gym
you're moving and you're wondering what
you should do with your patches you
ultimately have to consult your coach
because every gym is a little different
right everyone's a little bit different
about this stuff some people are very
particular about patches that can be
worn and wear that can be worn and how
they can be worn and from whose gym for
me personally I think it's awesome to
maintain that respect for that person
and say you know what man I'm here now
like I'm under you but at the same time
this person had a deep impact on me
right there's nothing wrong with that I
don't think so anyway but I can always
consult your coach that you're going to
to see what their thoughts are on it
because some people can be very
particular about that stuff so anyway
Rob that's the answer brother thanks so
much for the question and guys hopefully
this is helpful to someone out there
that's moving I'll talk to you guys next
time
[Music]