what's up solders your boy CH Vibes and
up in the kitchen this recipe reminds me
of my grandmother she would do something
very similar but this version is a
vegetarian version the version she would
do a little bit more simple um but it
would have uh salted meats or salted
pigtails or salted beef in it so as I
said we're doing this vegetarian and
what it is we're using dried pigeon peas
to make a rice and peas you're going to
like this one man V it up I've got a
nice heavy pot here this is my clay pot
I'm glazed clay pot but any heavy pot
would work on a medium heat I'm just
going to go in with about a tablespoon
of olive oil if you want to use coconut
oil that is cool as well no worries
nobody inin heating then we're going to
go in with half of a medium onion
diced and as soon as you start hearing
that little Sizzle I want you to turn
down the heat all the way down to low
I've got here about four Springs of
thyme we're going to go in with some
black
pepper I wish I had my pepper mill I
don't have it anymore but see what we
using what we have and I have here two
scallions that I chopped up going to
break that up a
bit and all we want to do here is sweat
that down for about I don't know 3 4
minutes until everything softens up and
you get that nice flavor happening in
the bottom I've got here one piece of
onion trying to fall back there all
right one scotch boted pepper we're not
going to use the entire thing just going
to cut a piece of it now if you want you
can float the scotch Bonet pepper in
there so you don't get that raw heat I'm
looking for that gentle kick so I'm
going to go in with that notice all my
seeds and everything they're still there
if you want real fire that's what you're
going to have to play with you know what
I mean but don't use it if you if you're
timid about the whole heat situation
remember to wash your hands with soap
and water after and um yeah simmer this
down for a couple minutes as it starts
to sweat down and you hear that sezz
going I'm going to go in with a little
touch of all
spice that's just ground all spice
that's going to add a lovely flavor to
it let's talk a little bit about the dry
pigeon peas this is the dry pigeon piece
here um this is what we do we usually
pick it during season dry it um well it
usually dries on the tree and then you
save it so all um out of season you have
dry pigeon PE to use and what you want
to do I have one cup here soaked in
water for a couple hours if you want to
soak it overnight it will definitely
make the cooking process a lot shorter
but that's what I did two cups I mean
one cup in warm water uh for a couple
hours the kitchen should have a lovely
Aroma from all the herbs that we got
here as well as that oil spice or
pimento um will really make it nice and
wicked so smelling in here so in goes
and we're going to turn up the heat all
the way up now cuz we want to bring this
up to a boil the water and everything
that I soaked it in goes in there and
this is going to take a long time to
soften up so if you want to use a
pressure cooker by all means do so I
don't have one and I to be honest with
you I'm here fear full of um pressure
cookers one can of coconut milk and that
is 400 ml and I'm also going to add half
a cup of water to this
salt all the ingredients I use here will
be listed down in the description below
and the recipe will be posted on
caribbeanpot.com bring that up to a boil
for
now it's come up to a boil now so what
we're going to do is turn the heat all
the way down to a simmer and put the lid
on there and let that go between an hour
and an hour and a
half it's been simmering away for about
an hour and 15
minutes if you check one of these it
should be nice and soft now if they're
not soft yet continue cooking it for a
bit longer um at this point I like to
take out the um the sprigs from the
time and if you opted for the float
method so if you floated a whole Scotch
bonnet or habanero pepper in here this
is where I would recommend you fish it
out as well we've got enough flavor out
of that at this
point here's where we're going to go in
with the washed rice and I have three
cups of par boiled brown rice here if
you want to learn how to wash the rice
or why we wash
rice I will have a link for that down in
the description below I'm going to add
about a cup more water in here and I'm
going to bring this up to a
boil it's come up to a rolling boil now
so I'm going to turn my heat all the way
down cuz I want to get a simmer going
I'm going to give that a quick
stir just to move everything around
I remember we already started off with
salt so that should be enough salt for
this dish
um couple ingredients I forgot to
mention at the start that my grandmother
would use is a couple cloves of garlic
at the very start as well as a thin
piece of
Ginger heat all the way down lid on and
let that go until all the water is gone
as well as it's fully cooked after about
25 minutes just about all our water will
be gone it would have absorbed the rice
greens would have been nice and plump
turn off the stove put the lid back on
here and don't touch it don't do
anything for a good 10 15 minutes or so
after it's cooled down for about 15
minutes you'll notice it'll get nice and
plump and this is where you're going to
go in with a fork and you're going to
sort of fluff
it like so chier caribbeanpot.com pigeon
peas with rice normally as I said my
grandmother would make this with salt
pigtail or salted beef or smoked ham
Hawks or something vegetarian version
you're going to like it man don't forget
to give the video a thumbs up click like
subscribe leave comments below man Vibes
it
up