hey my cookies today we are going to be
braising some ox tails in their Fork
Center let's cook starting with the ox
tails I only have two pounds you can do
two or three for this recipe however
much you like and ox tails can be really
fatty and I asked the butcher to leave
some fat attached so that I can show my
cookies how to trim it off you just want
to cut as much as you can as close to
the meat without cutting the meat and
here's all the fact that has been
removed I wish my fat was this easy to
take off anyway and y'all I don't care
what the internet says about washing
meat as for me in my house we're gonna
wash our meat okay
ox Hales tend to have this little
grittiness to them you see that and I
don't know about to cook that let's
rinse that first I'll rinse them off
then place them into a bowl and covered
them with water let's squeeze some lime
juice into the water some people use
salt or even lemons or vinegar I prefer
limes it's up to you after five minutes
of soaking I drain it and then I'll do
it all over again fill it up with more
water and soak for five more minutes
give them one last rinse and then pat
them dry with paper towels that's where
the seasoning I'm just gonna start with
onion powder garlic powder and I have
this jerk seasoning straight from
Jamaica baby and I'm gonna use this it's
super super spicy if you can't get your
hands on jerk seasoning don't worry I'll
have an alternative in the recipe link
in that description box so I got you
covered just using a little bit I don't
want them to be too spicy and then some
Worcestershire sauce that I'll do it I
did not jack that up you can marinate it
for at least two hours overnight it's
better but just wrap it in plastic wrap
and refrigerate now it's time to sear
I'm gonna heat some olive oil in my
Dutch oven once the oil is hot we're
going to add in our ox tails and we're
gonna Brown them on all sides it's gonna
take about a minute per side depending
on the thickness of your tails mine
aren't very thick I wish I could have
found those thick meaty ones but these
are just fine and be sure not to crowd
your pot we don't want them to steam so
if you have to do this in batches then
do that
do not overcrowd the pot don't forget
the edges do the sides once the oxtails
have browned remove them and add in your
onions now sprinkle in some flour swirl
that around I know the bottom of that
pot looks burnt but y'all know me better
than that it's not that's the flavor
start at flour add the tomato paste and
stir and deglaze with some red wine i'm
using Merlot can't forget the minced
garlic I didn't get my water and my beef
bouillon cubes you can use regular beef
stock if you'd like once it starts to
simmer you can turn the heat off now add
the oxtails back in and if you notice
the amount of liquid is not that much
it's really shallow because we want to
braise the meat in the oven not boil it
if you put too much liquid it will just
boil instead of braise now I'm adding in
some fresh thyme and rosemary can't
forget the bell peppers I'm gonna add
some red yellow and green bell peppers
on top a Dutch oven works best for this
recipe but if you don't have one you can
do this
in a crock-pot slow cooker I'll have the
conversion in times listed in that link
in the description box you just need a
pot that's oven safe with a heavy lid
and we're gonna bake this on 340 degrees
for about three hours to three and a
half hours until it's fork-tender and
cookies this meat will slide off the
bone look at that and this gravy my lord
the recipe link will be down there in
the description box thank you so much
for watching cookies I hope you found
this helpful give me a thumbs up but
wait you got to see how tender this meat
is y'all look at that I can't even I
gotta eat until next time be blessed