with spring fast approaching or it may
already feel like summer like it does
here in Southern California I thought
it'd be fun to make some bird houses I
had a friend who was putting a fence
together and he had a bunch of these
cedar fence board cut offs and I went
ahead and grabbed a couple of them
thinking I would probably use them in
the future and thought hey it' be fun to
put some bird houses together with those
I did a little bit of bird investigating
to find out what kind of birds there
were here in Southern California and in
my area uh one of the common ones that
popped up was a finch so I'm going to go
ahead and build a finch bird house all
right so I got my finch bird house piece
already cut this is the back and it is
10 by 7 this is the front it is 6 1/2 by
6 with a inch and A4 hole that is 4 and
1/2 in up from the bottom centered the
two side pieces are 6 1/2 by 6 1/2 the
bottom piece is a 6x6 and the top piece
or the roof is 7 and
1516 by 7 and it has a
96° or 4° uh cut on the backside and
that will help with the slant of the
roof now to put this together I'm going
to be using my nail gun with some inch
and a quarter
nails
the bottom piece hangs down an inch and
a
quarter
I'm going to use a hinge for the roof so
that way we could have access if we need
to clean anything out and I'm going to
make sure that I leave a/ in gap here on
the side for
ventilation
[Music]
since I didn't have any uh 5/8 Dows I
went ahead just cut a piece and rounded
it over uh so now I'm going to go ahead
and drill a hole and put it in
here
careful don't pound it in there too hard
it'll split it but I'll go ahead and
just throw a little bit of glue in there
and clamp that up and it'll be fine all
right the crack is all glued up went
ahead and cut the hinge off there so
it's flush but there's the finished bird
house all right so there is a fun
Springtime project uh you can help give
a bird a
home uh but it was very easy to put
together like I said no glue I just
pinned it all together and it'll hold
fine um not a lot to it so I don't have
a spot picked out for this yet but I
will go ahead and do that and I will
show you uh how I hang it and where I
hang it in my next Vlog which is Vlog
number eight all right so if you are new
to the Wildman project go ahead and hit
that subscribe button if you like this
video hit the Thumbs Up Button you too
you can do that too uh all my links to
my social media are down below I am most
active on Facebook and Instagram that
will do it for this video thank you for
watching and I will see you on the next
one