[Music]
hi friends welcome to my show I'm
Manisha barani and today I'm going to
teach you garlic knots this is a bakery
item and it is so yummy and mesmerizing
I make this recipe with fresh green
garlic which is very easily available in
winter season in India so let's start
for garlic knots we require 2 cups
allpurpose flour MAA I'm taking this
measurement cups 2 cups allpurpose
flour in that I'm adding 2 tbsp fresh
yeast if you don't get fresh yeast you
can add 1 tbsp dry East in that 2 tbsp
powder
sugar now mix all the ingredients well
yeast feeds on sugar and now I'm adding
water in
this and bind a soft dough I'm taking
half teaspoon
salt and 2 tbsp butter and now first mix
the butter thoroughly in the dough yeast
has property to grow unevenly salt helps
it to grow uniformly and give it a good
texture thus helping it in Rising evenly
I'm applying butter in the bowl now I'm
placing this
dough and apply some water on the top
I'm keeping this dough for proving for 1
hour after 1 hour you can see this dough
is proven so nicely now I'm removing
this dough in a plate you can see this
dough is so nicely and proven now I'm
sprinkling some flour and knead the
dough again stretch the dough and knead
it properly after kneading it properly
now spread the
dough I'm adding 2 tbsp fresh chopped
garlic in
this and I'm adding 1 tblspoon butter in
this and mix all the ingredients well
now I'm making small balls from the
dough I'm spreading some flour on the
top and now I'm rolling the dough after
roll ping make a
knot and place it in a grease tray after
making all the knots now I'm proving
this tray for half an hour till all the
knots become double in size after the
second proving you can see knots is
risen now I'm keeping this tray at 180Â°
Centigrade for 30 to 35 minutes this is
fresh garlic leaves I'm adding this in
melted butter this is 2 tbsp spoon fresh
garlic leaves apply this mixture when
the bread is
hot after spreading the butter on the
knots this is my touch to the recipe
spread some cheese on the top when the
bread is hot now our garlic knots is
ready to
[Music]
serve
[Music]