[Music]
okay today we'll make some chicharr√≥n
here I have some pork belly it's two and
a half pounds two nice big strips now
these are a lot thicker than what I want
for teacher own they're great for some
guts up but not for teacher oh that's a
little too thick I don't want to cut
these in half it's about the thickness I
want now that skin is really tough and
it's often hard to cut the skin with a
knife
unless it's partially frozen do it cut
the meat
get down to the skin
get off camera a little bit there and
it's all the way down to this camp do
take scissors cut it a lot easier to cut
that skin with scissors that is what I
might know to help dry out the skin a
little baking soda sprinkle this along
here
and then we'll finish doing the rest of
that okay I let my pork belly sit for
about an hour and then I watched the
baking soda off of it you don't want to
leave it on there when you cook it now
these these are a little too big for me
to mess with I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
cut it in half then I'm gonna come down
here I'm gonna cut some slits and go
almost to the skin
not quite
and that's going to help with the
rendering process okay so I've got my
watch sitting here heating up I did put
it on the medium flame does it start out
with I basically want to render these
things out lay them on their side
[Music]
you put half a cup of water that's gonna
create steam cover these things up we're
gonna let them render down a little bit
okay this has been going for about 15
minutes on a medium flame be careful
when you take the lid off these things
because I mean you've got water and oil
at the mix and whenever this water
starts to go down you can act you'll
it'll start to pop quite a bit and it
could actually pop grease back on you
and you don't want that we're gonna do
kind of moving around a bit make sure
they get some even cooking put the lid
back okay I'm starting to get some
pretty good popping going on then just
keep moving these things around trying
to cook them even as I can
just to give you an update we're an hour
in I'm not putting I've reduced the
flame and letting these things render
out no I don't need the lid anymore
because they're not popping from the
water and stuff they're kind of
crackling a little bit from the skin
popping a little bit but we're just
going to keep reducing these things or
rendering the fat out of these things
and going to cook a little more we'll
just keep moving around now with a cook
even you want to make sure you get most
of the fat our big chunk of the fat out
of them or they'll be chewy and you
don't really want them chew you want a
nice and crispy and crunchy that's what
we're shooting for now on both sides
start to look like this we'll take them
out they're not done yet we're gonna put
them back in there but we'll put them
back in a real hot temperature and crisp
them up okay taking the last two out now
now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna turn
this heat up we're gonna heat that oil
up for it's nice and hot
okay my ol should be hot I know they do
is I see it smoking
and then what we're doing here is we're
gonna give it a final crisping up we're
they gonna do like two at a time I'm
gonna do two now and then I'll turn it
off and I'll cook the other ones as I
need it I don't want at this point I
don't want to cook them ahead of time
because they're not as good when they're
cold okay these two are crispy now take
them out
see how that skins all blistered up as
soon as you take them out I'm a little
salt or any seasoning that you may want
to put on them I'm just using a salt
today become a cook up a couple more
good house like God's to be practice
it's cool