hey YouTube this Donny in this video we
were asked about using wd-40 and bug
spray to destroy the pipes now after
doing research you know every time we're
asked about some of these you know we do
a little bit research we just got there
and try it on the on the bug spray like
off you know they said that to restore
the headlights it needs to have that
DEET some ones called deep yes okay
supposed to have that in there but that
also causes a problem too and you have a
chance of ruining your your headlights
and that deep will actually melt a
plastic a little bit that's actually
what helps you know clear them up but if
it done wrong or you leave it on there
too long you know there's a lot of
reasons might actually melt the plastic
and damage and ruin the plastic so we
decided not to try that method or use
that method you know so we're gonna go
ahead and eliminate that method and say
that shouldn't work because we don't
want anybody out there messing up their
cars or their headlights or anything
like that
and with that said you know I know like
lacquer thinner you know use lacquer
thinner trying to clean some overspray
off plastic yeah I mean you're gonna
ruin it because it actually melts the
plastic too and that's what made me
whenever they mentioned this about the
the deep I know lacquer thinner over
ruined plastic it'll make it foggy and
you won't even be able to see through it
so we just totally eliminated that that
process but we are gonna try the wd-40
and see how that works
alright so Jess here's gonna give it a
try so the first thing she's gonna do is
she is going to mask a half this
headlight off now this is something you
normally wouldn't need to do we're just
doing this to see how well it does clear
the headlight or not or clean it up and
get that foggy look off now this
headlight it's not as bad as a lot of
them but you can tell from the two
different headlights how different it is
this uh this right headlight over here
obviously has been replaced before and
this is an older one so hopefully we'll
clear it up from what it used to be from
what it is now
and all you need to do this is you're
going to need some wd-40 and something
to wipe it off we just have some towels
here that we're going to use and we're
going to fold it up and we're going to
spray some wd-40 on it and it just takes
a little bit of elbow grease we're going
to rub it to see if we can get this
thing cleaned up or not and you know the
previous video we use toothpaste and
that worked and we'll see how this works
she's getting it rubbed in there and I
can already tell it's making a
difference from here I don't know how
well you can tell on video but I can
tell a big difference now she wiped it
on now she just flipped the towel over
and she's going to wipe all the wd-40
off
now we're gonna pull the tape off to see
the difference and I can tell that it
did make a big difference wow that is a
big difference how long it lasts I'm not
sure but for a quick fix it works I did
work pretty good
so what do you think Jess how'd it work
I think it worked out pretty good you
know it cleared it up you know that's a
quick fix you know how long that works I
don't know let's say you're taking a
trip and you need some clear headlights
for the night to to go on your trip hey
you know that's a quick fix
we'll be like that next week next month
next year I have no idea but if you want
a quick fix give a thumbs up do thumbs
up well that wraps up this video I hope
you guys enjoy take care and we'll see
you in the next video and this video you
were asked about using the doody doody
[Music]
Hey
alright so Jess here's gonna we're gonna
[Music]
be hell
[Music]