now after you prepared your slate and
brushed it off real good lay your cloth
out on the table I like to do this
process here
it the last cleaning of the table Swap
your cloth back and forth it just makes
sure there's no trash left on the table
shake your cloth off look at the back
side of it make sure you have no strings
or threads or any forign material on the
back side of this cloth the least little
thing will seem like a boulder under it
once you get this cloth stretched and on
the
Slate now lay your cloth
out cut you a piece about an inch off
the end of the cloth we're going to use
this for our pocket Liners in the table
what these pocket liners are for is they
serve two purposes one is when the ball
hits the pocket it'll bounce back and
hit that slate that'll be easiest place
for the cloth to to tear we give it a
little extra protection here and also
when you're putting your cloth on in
each pocket when you stapling the pocket
down I don't like to see any wood in my
pockets so we put these pocket Liners in
so when we cut our cloth we'll be sure
not to see any of the exposed MDF board
or or the slate in the in the
pocket just take this STP of cloth
measure you off a a piece in the side
pocket cut you two pieces to fit the
side pocket and you'll cut four pieces
to fit the corner Pockets here's where
you use your super 77 again I like to
take a bag maybe that the cloth come out
of or something put my hand in it so I
can hold it up on the table you don't
get any glue on the table you don't get
any on the customer
floor you just spray each one of these
Pockets doesn't take a lot of glue to
hold these pieces of cloth
in then put your pocket Liners
in be sure not to have that pocket liner
up above your pocket here it it needs to
be below that ledge of the pocket if
it's sticking up too high it'll stop the
ball when it's rolling it'll you can
you'll be real easy to see it once
you've pulled that pocket
tight now I like lay out a few runs of
Staples now we're going to get started
with the cloth I know there's a lot of
different ways to put cloth on a table
and after time and time again of putting
it on you'll have your own way that you
stretch your cloth and put it on the
table this is the way I do it the next
guy will do it a different way he'll say
my way is not right but the most
important part here is to get the cloth
tight so when you're putting your
initial corners on you want to be sure
and you know put several Staples there
to hold it as you pull it I staple mine
on each end then I go back and pull it
to the center
pocket this is where you want to have
slack in the pocket so when you time to
to do the pockets you'll have enough
cloth there to do
it see these all these wrinkles in the
clo ends line up make sure your Center
Mark lines
up make sure you can see your Mark
good you do this so you'll know where
the center of the rail is as you're
putting your cloth under the feather
strip lay your cloth across the
rail now when you put this feather strip
in
here you don't want
to be too e you don't want to be easy
putting this feather strip in but you
don't want to be too
aggressive but when you line the center
of it up you want to give it a good firm
lick to get it in that
Groove hold that feather strip down so
it's not flopping
around you have to be real careful here
that's you don't want to pound this
feather strip all the way in at first
that gives you a ledge to cut
against now you'll notice that I keep
the end of my rubber mallet covered with
some pool table
cloth I don't like to use a pounding
block
because inadvertedly one one of the guys
are going to just pound the top of a
rail
and just beat it all to pieces so I just
like to use my rubber Hammer get your
feather strip down
flush now it's time to pull the cloth
and staple it on the bottom side this is
where you want to be sure that staple is
in that relief Groove around the bottom
of the rail I'll take my cloth on the
corner Pockets pull it at about a 40 45Â°
angle out from the
corner to put my first Staple in then
you want to pull this cloth from the end
of the rail back to the center of the
rail here you want to pull it from the
center of the rail back to the end of
the rail this will eliminate any
wrinkles this cloth needs to be tight on
this rail but not tight enough as to
deform the rubber on the rail on the
side
pockets you will fold your cloth on the
on the side pocket pull it
tight and do your stapling here several
people do this different ways this is
the way that we do
it be sure and put you couple of Staples
on the end you want to get these Staples
on the end close enough to
the backing pad there that it's that
cloth doesn't extend out to get in in
the way of the pocket when it goes in
that pocket hole
there