what's up guys today I'm going to show
you how to make some crispy mozzarella
sticks so first up we're going to cut up
our low moisture mozzarella into large
rectangle sticks and try to keep them
relatively the same size otherwise they
will fry up
[Music]
unevenly all right so once you're done
cutting up all your mozzarella it's time
to make all of our breading ingredients
so first up you're going to crack an egg
into a small mixing bowl with some whole
milk a pinch of salt some uh freshly
cracked black pepper and then just give
this a really good whisk next you're
going to add some flour semolina or
cornmeal chili flakes some dried tural
some chili powder and some freshly
chopped Rosemary to a small mixing bowl
and then just give this a good mix as
[Music]
well
[Music]
all right so once your breading station
is ready to go you're going to drop the
mozzarella sticks straight into the egg
mixture and give it a good coating then
you're going to dredge them into the
seasoned flour then back into the egg
mixture and finally give a healthy
coating of dried breadcrumbs uh now as
far as breadcrumbs go uh most grocery
stores will have some sort of variety of
dried breadcrumbs panko being the most
popular but if not just stick some fresh
bread in a food processor throw it onto
a baking tray and into a 250° oven for
about 20 minutes and you'll have some
beautiful fresh dried
[Music]
breadcrumbs now that all of your
mozzarella sticks are breaded get a pot
halfway filled with some canola oil and
bring it up to about 325° F drop drop
your first batch of uh mozzarella sticks
in and fry for about 2 minutes just
until they turn beautifully golden brown
then pull them out and rest them on a
few dry paper towels just to blot off
any of that extra oil and that's it guys
uh just whip up your favorite dipping
sauce whether it be marinara some sort
of herb aoli and enjoy some insanely
delicious crispy mozzarella
[Music]
sticks
[Music]
these mozzarella sticks look amazing
Crispy Crunchy gooey mozzarella goodness
going on here I'm pretty excited about
this I must say look at that oh my
gosh all those herbs so good in that
crust it's just so good it's like this
gooey amazing
mozzarella melty
texture this would go great with so many
different dipping sauces like Marinaro
That's a classic one but lemon aoli
garlic aoli loads of different other
dipping sauces um you can even just do
plain old ranch with this and it'd be
pretty good there's a lot of ways you
could spin mozzarella sticks too so uh
this is uh this is definitely a success
oh my gosh it's so
amazing look at
this
a
well hopefully you guys enjoyed this
video if you did thumbs up subscribe
comment below for future video requests
things you want to see on my channel as
always and uh this recipe will of course
be on my website Byron tablet.com so go
check that out and I'll probably have a
few different uh dipping sauce options
that I'll leave as recipes on my website
with this recipe so uh you guys can sort
of play off of a few different ideas
with this with these mozzarella sticks
so this was uh a blast to make and uh
I'll see you guys next time with another
delicious recipe bye
[Music]
everybody