[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to my channel
in this video I wanted to pretty much
talk about my plans
of coure kind of like give you guys tips
and just kind of like briefly tell you
how I take care of them what works for
me and hopes that it could either
inspire you to get a plant or help you
out or anything like that I want to say
I am NOT an expert I am still learning
something every single day I just think
what has really worked for me is just
honestly just educating myself it's when
I really started to like like my love
for plants really started grow because
like just seeing my plants flourish and
I mean keeping them alive just in
general I was like blown away because I
am those people that will tell you I did
not have a green thumb I killed every
plan I had I just didn't have it in me
wasn't working for me and it was bad
like I would kill plants all the time to
the poor even my husband was like stop
buying plants like just buy fake plants
you know you're just killing them blah
blah blah and that's honestly what I did
for a while for a while I bought fake
plants and they're expensive and they
just don't look as beautiful as real
plants in your home so let's just go and
talk about this one plant that I wanted
to talk to you guys about this plan is
called the Moran to plant and its
nickname is the prey of plants let me go
ahead and show you really quick what it
will looks like and here it is I
absolutely love this plant and that's
the thing like I can tell you I can't
tell you that this is my favorite plant
because I love all my plans like I chose
them for a reason because they're
beautiful I just love them and this one
caught my attention obviously because
it's a looker look
so pretty I just love the design on the
sleeves and what really when I first
found out about this plant I was doing
my research about propagating cuz turns
out you can honestly propagate a lot of
plants and I was doing my research about
propagating opposed and this one came up
because it's honestly like exactly the
same method so if you've seen my my
video about propagating pathos then you
might notice that this one actually did
a little cameo in there because I was
propagating them at the same time I
didn't make a video about this just
because I was doing it at the same time
and it was exactly the same method so
honestly if you haven't watched my post
propagation video go watch it because
it's exactly the same way so if you have
one of these laying around or if you
want to get one it is so easy to
propagate them and I did I propagated
them and let me show you it's a baby
that I made out of that I made a whole
new plant out of that one so this is
mommy plants and this is baby plant and
they're both doing amazing I mean look
at this I've had this one of probably
about a month and it's doing really good
I mean this is a new leaf this is a new
leaf this is a newly like it's
flourishing just fine like I love them
obviously in this plant um I've had it
for about I want to say about five
months and I've never had a problem with
it I mean obviously I like to do my
research when I get a plant just because
that's the easiest way to kill the plant
is to not know how to take care of it
like it's not just as simple as buying a
plant putting it wherever you want and
just watering it here and there like it
you some plants like low light some
plants like bright light some plants
don't like to be watered a lot some
plants like to be water a lot so and so
and so
and that's why I like you can either you
know watch videos on YouTube Google like
that just has helped me a lot when it
comes to my my plan to my gardening like
I am always on that so let me just
give you some quick tips on this one and
just what works for me because like I
said I'm not here to be like do this do
that you know because I'm not an expert
I'm just letting you know what works for
me in hopes that I can in any way help
you inspire you you know what I mean so
this one I honestly have it in a pretty
low to medium light area um it's it
definitely doesn't get a lot of light
and it's doing fine I have it I have
this right beside my TV stand I have a
little table where I have this huge
plant on top of it and then I have
homegirl over here on the bottom of it
so I mean it's not the brightest it
doesn't get the brightest of lights like
it doesn't get a lot of light I want to
say it's in a pretty low light area and
it's thriving just fine the watering
what I do for watering this is
definitely a plant that likes to be
watered it's not a plant that you can
like let it dry out for a while like the
popos or even like this easy plant like
those you can like ignore them for a
while and they'll be just fine but this
one it likes its water like I I want to
say I water it maybe weekly give or take
like I can't really give an exact
estimate of how often I water it but I
definitely check it like every three
days I'll check it to see how the soil
is looking and if it's still pretty
moist I leave it alone but if I see that
it's drying out I will water it like and
I don't let it dry out too much like the
photos I can see that it's a little bit
dry but I'm like a nice till I'll be
fine like I'll leave it alone for a
couple more days this one as soon as I
see that it's you know starting to get
dry like the top soil is dry I will
water it another thing that this plant
really really appreciates it
a good misting I will grab a water spray
and I I spray it all over and so does
the baby get a misting whenever mom gets
a misting baby get some instinct too so
it definitely appreciates attention and
water don't overwater it either I mean
don't let it sit soggy in a bunch of
water cuz plants don't like that either
this one doesn't either I mean it likes
to be moist moist not soggy and
definitely drainage hole is a must as
with most plants because you gotta let
the water get out because you don't
wanna water sitting on this pot like
it's not gonna like that
a really cool thing about this plant
that I think is like cool like I
just do is that this plant um I don't
know why but at night it stands
completely straight up it's like the
coolest thing ever
I think that's why they call it the
prayer plant because that night it looks
like it's like you know praying hands
together like right now you see how the
leaves are like you know all like down
and crazy positions and stuff but at
night they're all completely like just
boom like just up it's so really it's
really cool to see thing about this this
plant does flower I mean it doesn't get
like a ton of flowers or you know but
you know it's cute little flowers
nothing to like out there and they don't
really last that long I don't have any
flowers right now umm I did a couple of
weeks ago I was getting a flower like
every day or so but they I think they
last like maybe two days it doesn't not
it does not last long that's for sure
but this plants at Home Depot and it was
really inexpensive I want to say it was
around $6 and honestly to me it's so
worth it especially
because it's a plant thing you can
propagate like I already made a baby
plants out of it and I do plan on in the
future not anytime soon making more just
because why not it's so fun I am
obsessed with propagating I really enjoy
it it's really like satisfying to see
you create a whole new plant from one
plant it's super super cool if you have
any questions comments
you already know put them down in the
comment box and I will get to you as
fast as I can
once again thank you for watching and I
will catch you next time in my next
video