hi everyone in this video I'm going to
show you how to make this beautiful
couch cover it only takes a few easy
steps let's get started so the first
thing that I did was to take my cloth
which was long and wide enough and to
spread it over my couch and this is how
far it reaches in the back now as you
can see the bottom half of the couch is
still uncovered so let's fix that so
what you want to do is you want to
measure the back of your couch plus 2
inches that'll be the width of your next
piece of cloth and you want to measure
all around your couch that'll be the
length and then you just want to take this
new cloth and attach it to the first piece
now let me show you how I attach these
two together so I just sewed the front
part together normally and now when I
reach the corner I'm gonna do something
a little bit different so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna take the longer piece
and put it on top of the shorter piece
and this will give me perfect corners to
explain this further pretend the pink
cloth is the first piece of cloth that
we took then assume that the blue cloth
is the secondary piece of cloth that
were attaching so you're just attaching
the two just like I'm showing you on the
screen so when you're done attaching the
two pieces together this is what it
should look like now we're gonna make
chasing for the bottom of the cover this
will help it to sit nice and snug on the
couch so what you want to do is you want
to take a strip of cloth and you want to
run it through the bottom instead of a
strip of cloth you could also just use
an elastic if you have that available
okay we're nearly done now just tuck in
the extra cloth and a range C cover how
you like it on your couch now take the
ends of the strip of cloth and tie them
really tightly so that the couch cover
does not move and now you're all done
you for watching this video please make
sure to subscribe to my channel so that
we can stay connected