[Music]
okay so to make chicken in chiladas you
need the chicken so here I have around a
5B chicken and I'm going to cut it into
pieces and boil
it here I've placed it in a pot of water
and I'm going to season it with salt
onion powder garlic powder I even ended
up adding some fresh garlic onion carrot
and celery because I'm going to use the
chicken broth in other recipes once the
chicken is done I going to remove it let
it cool slightly so I can handle it and
then just shred it and remove all the
chicken from the bones and here I have
all of my shredded chicken ready for
these chicken
enchiladas and now let's move on to the
enchilada sauce here I have some waho
Chile I'm also going to be using some
garlic and some salt and these
ingredients will give you a basic
enchilada sauce but of course you know I
have to add my own extra seasonings to
things so I also going to be adding some
chicken buan flavoring and I I do have
this jar of nor chicken flavor buan
which is pretty typical in cooking when
you're cooking a lot of Mexican food
nowadays I can't say in everyone's
household but at least in mine but I did
have a commenter that mentioned that
that mentioned that I should try better
than buan chicken base so here it is I'm
going to give it a try and if you have
nor just use nor and you're going to
season your sauce to taste I'm probably
going to use a full teaspoon of this
better than buan in my enchilada sauce
and you can leave it out just use salt
like my grandma used to do she didn't
have all these other ingredients so back
to the chilas here I've added some ano
Chile and some pasia Chile to make up
for the waho Chile that I did not have
so when you're making the sauce you can
straight up use around 8 to 10 waho
Chile but I didn't have that many so I
had to improvise and use other Chile no
biggie because it's not going to stop me
from making these enchiladas so I'm
going to boil these chilas I'm going to
bring the water to a boil shut it off
and let the Chile steep for about 15 to
20 minutes until pliable and oh yeah
before I forget I'm going to add this
ginormous clove of garlic you could add
two or three I'm adding this one because
it's really huge so again bring your
water up to a boil shut it off and let
your Chile steep for about 15 to 20
minutes after about 20 minutes the Chile
should look just like this soft and
pliable now they are ready to be Blended
so I'm going to pop these in a blender
with the clove of garlic I'm going to
add a couple pinches of salt remember
the seasoning is to your t taste and if
you want to add other things to your
sauce go for it make it your own this is
pretty basic so I reserved some of the
boiling liquid that the Chile were
soaking in I reserved about a cup and a
half I'm going to add a half2 cup to the
blender to get things moving along and
now I'm just going to blend it for about
a minute or until everything is nice and
smooth
now I'm going to take this over to the
stove and cook this in a preheated pan
I'm going to add a little bit of oil let
that heat up and then I'm going to pour
my puree into the pan and cook it out
and I will be adding an around another
two cups of liquid to thin out the the
puree and I also wanted to point out a
mistake that I made this might help you
should you come across the situation I
poured the puree in the pan without
siing it normally when I do these Chila
purees when I'm cooking I like to C it
after the blender to get rid of any skin
that did not get pureed well so here we
go into the Sie and I managed to catch
this mistake before things got too hot
so if you come across the situation no
biggie you can always correct yourself
and guess what even if you realize after
you've made this whole pan of sauce and
you didn't Sie it just go with it it's
not going to hurt anybody that it's not
cved
okay so I did end up with a lot of skin
so I'm glad I did Civ
it so now I'm just going to pour the
sauce back into the pan I'm going to
cook it out I'm also going to be adding
around an extra two cups of liquid again
you can use water you you can use
chicken stock chicken broth the broth
that I made earlier for the from the
boiled chicken I used in another
recipe okay so now I'm going to add one
teaspoon of the better than buan chicken
base you can actually leave this step
out if you prefer not to add any chicken
flavoring this is just something I like
to do to impart more flavor into my
enchilada sauce I'm also going to be
adding a/ teaspoon of onion powder and
1/4 teaspoon of ground cumin again those
are all options that you can use or not
use because it's your sauce when you
make it in your kitchen after giving it
a good mix I'm going to allow it to
simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes I
would also like to mention that I am
simmering this on a fairly low heat I
rarely ever cook on a high heat so that
is something to keep in mind when you're
simmering this don't cook it on a high
heat because it will
burn now that my sauce is ready I'm
going to go over some of the other
things I need for these enchiladas like
the corn tortillas and what I did was I
took some corn tortillas and basically
warmed them through in some hot oil this
is going to allow me to dip the
tortillas into the sauce without them
basically disintegrating in my hand if
you skip this step and you dip it into
the sauce later you're going to find
that you won't even be able to roll them
they're just going to fall apart so
don't skip this
step and I also wanted to show you what
I will be using as my toppings today I'm
going to be using some CA cheese you
could also use queso fresco but I like
the sharper saltier Taste of the ca
cheese but again use what you have I'm
also going to be using some shredded
lettuce you could also add some thinly
sliced fresh onion you can add fresh
avocado fresh tomato or even your
favorite salsa the topping is up to you
so here's a quick rundown of what I'll
be using here I have my sauce my
shredded
chicken my corn tor
and my CA cheese and shredded lettuce I
am ready for these enchiladas so let's
get
started so I'm just going to take my
corn tortilla and dip it into the sauce
by the way when you warm your corn
tortillas in the hot grease and when you
make your sauce after you make both of
those items you want to make sure you
allow them time to cool off you don't
want them cold just allow them to cool
enough so that you can work with them
without getting third Dee Burns
[Music]
[Music]
okay so all that's left to do is just
roll out my enchiladas so what I'm going
to do is take one of my tortillas I'm
going to fill it with the chicken you
could also fill it with some of the
cheese but chicken is fine for me you're
going to give it a tight roll place it
on the plate and then you just top it
with whatever toppings you like so here
we
[Music]
[Music]
go
[Music]
[Music]
as always all the ingredients will be
listed in the description box below I
hope you give this recipe a try I hope
you like it and thanks for
watching
hey guys you can click on the video
icons for more recipes or you can click
on my picture icon to subscribe thanks
for
[Music]
watching