hi I'm William Moss horiculture educator
extraordinaire talking s
PH soil PH measures the amount of
acidity in your soil if your pH values
are below seven then that means that
they're going to be acidic if they're
above seven then they're basic think
about water is being neutral water is
right at seven uh and things that are
acidic are sour like soda and vinegar
things that are basic are going to be
more chalky like milk and then an acids
so you want to collect your soil at a
depth of from three to six inches and
you want to make sure to pick out any
rocks or debris you're going to have
instructions to tell you exactly how to
go ahead and uh take your take your pH
values you want to add in a little water
with the capsule put it inside of your
little capsule your test tube shake it
up and then you let it sit and it'll
give you a color which corresponds to a
pH value we've got one we did earlier
and what we can tell tell the soil
around here is pretty basic there's your
little chart so we know that if you have
basic soil you want to try to get it
back closer to seven what you do that
with is you add things that uh help
acidify the soil like aluminum sulfate
or if your pH was U similar to this
vinegar here where it came out on the
more acid side you may want to add lime
but you'll have all the instructions on
how to adjust your pH in your pamphlet
so read over everything and check your
Source pH and those are the basics of pH
values get out and
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
grow