hi guys Primrose here and welcome back
to my channel so today just a quick
video I wanted to share with you my
ficus elastica in case you wanted to see
what a three year growth looked like
from on this plant so most of my
houseplants I purchased them as a tiny
plants because it's cheaper that way so
when I first got this one it was about
barely 4 to 5 inches from above the soil
and look at this point now those leaves
are huge and they are bigger than my
hand and yeah it's very easy to grow to
keep indoor and I think I have to get
rid of this bottom leaves here because I
have some tiny once there below and I
don't know if it's gonna be a good idea
but those could get some more sunlight
and that one is ready to go I think I
have to chop it off now because it's
putting out a pop here but the button I
don't know if you could see that oh it's
good
where did it go it was just oh there
there we go and I'm sorry it looks a bit
messy and this one is well it's putting
out a lot of new growth yeah it's a
Negro and another bromeliad well I'm not
here to talk about those nights today so
this plant is almost as tall as me so
that is all and I hope you enjoyed the
video and thank you so much for watching
take care have a nice day bye