[Music]
the pop takes a poop and the president
and the fancy dance backer in his
threeie suit big F General and all of
his troops the truth of the matter is
everybody
[Music]
puts my business is picking up dog poop
I go people's houses on a regular basis
and pick up with the dog leads
behind uh how did you get into this what
what was the The Epiphany that made you
become the dog crap collector you know
the Epiphany that got me into this
business was working as a welder 10
hours a day with a newborn son and never
being able to see him so I decided I'd
need to work for
myself and I got the idea from my girl
my ex-girlfriend's mom who said she has
a cousin that did a business like this
in Denver Colorado called gross
Encounters of the turd kind that's
pretty
gross so I thought hey I can do that and
uh I made myself some tools and off I
went you know the best part about this
business is I get to be
outside I'm relaxed get to pet the dogs
all day long and it's just a a great
unpressured
business and what's the worst
part the worst part about this business
is the dog poop especially the uh how
should we say less than solid poop well
some people do have a gag reflex when
they deal with dog poop or any kind of
poop um for me doesn't bother me um I've
been doing it for so long I'm just kind
of immune to it and uh besides I eat
lunch while I'm working doesn't bother
me at all okay and can you tell me what
sort of things you do to clients that
don't pay on time
well the best thing I've ever done is I
had a client that wouldn't pay me and I
pulled 11 bags of poop out of her yard
and after two months I decided that's
enough so I collected all the dog poop
over a day route and put it back on her
along so what did you do with the dog
poop when you finished with
it uh you know when we're done picking
up the poop I used to just tie up tie up
the bag and leave it in the customer's
trash can for the regular trash pick
up the worst job I've ever had picking
up poop was a onetime
cleanup and it was for a house in the
hills and I pulled out
275 pound buckets of poop in that yard
you couldn't throw a rock in that yard
without hitting poop it was just
disgusting the smelliest time of the
year I would have to say is all the time
because when you go to the house on a
regular basis you you're always dealing
with fresh poop yeah which means it
always smells yeah and I don't care what
the Hollywood celebrities say poop
stinks yeah the most famous clients I've
ever had I would have to say would be
Alicia Moore uh more commonly known as
pink you know pops star uh Wayne Brady
I've had a sports figures
um
uh um rock bands uh Stephen Perkins from
uh James addiction our average time is
usually about four minutes per stop on
average not including commercial
accounts those can take upwards to an
hour hour and a half depending on the
size of the
community well in our Heyday when we had
five routes going uh most routes were
averaging about 100 stops per week and
that made for a you know for a 5 hour
workday you know 5 hours five stops an
hour so it was pretty easy and relaxing
and yet there was still a lot of of
stops in there where you could make a
decent amount of money could you tell me
um have you got any dog poop memorabilia
at home to remind you of your how you
made your
fortune dog poop memorabilia I I have
all of my articles that's ever been
written about me all the pictures all
the interviews all the game shows I've
been on I've got copies of all those so
I guess that's my yeah you know
memorabilia for this business you know I
think I'll retire someday um I always
call myself semi-retire now because I
you know don't work that much um but
someday I will I'll pass along to my son
or sell it all out completely okay are
there any rival dog Pig collectors and
do you feeling
dog you know whenever I run across
someone on the street yeah I try to load
it throw it at them but no there's um
there is some competition out there uh
in this city not that much I will
welcome more businesses to start because
a there's a lot of people to reach and
the more people marketing the business
the more notoriety it gets yeah I
actually took a survey several years ago
about what kind of clients I have and
why they use our service um most of the
time they're busy and they don't want to
deal with it uh a small percentage like
10 to 15% are admittedly
lazy so are you a dog lover yourself I
am a dog lover I have well I'm down to
one dog now I have a a Jack Russell
Terrier that my wife found in the trash
can when it's was just a couple days old
uh we used to have a a black lab but he
died last year at 16 years old oh we
missed him but uh yeah we we definitely
love do and you do collect your own
dog's Pig no I do not collect my dog's
Pig no I'm just kidding yeah I pick up
after my own dog until I could find a
service in area that will do it for me
you know there are three franchises out
there right now major franchise es two
of them probably bigger than the other
one um I'm not against franchises
altogether but I don't think anyone
needs to have a franchise to do this
business it's not rocket science it's
picking up poop and a little marketing
on the side anybody can do
that yeah when some of these franchises
first started they were charging upwards
of
$65,000 to buy into the franchise and it
didn't come with any customers they had
to do their own Marketing in fact they
had to put in from what I hear up to
$25,000 a year in
marketing just to make money for a
franchise owner I mean to me that was
ridiculous so I I wrote a book on how
you can start your own dog poof pickup
service for as little as $1,000 to start
with yeah the name of the book is called
the professional scoop master I guide to
starting and running your own dog poop
pickup service you know I talk to people
all around the country and sometimes in
other countries about this business and
the the number one piece of advice I
give is treat it like a business it's
not a get-rich quick scheme it takes
work it takes time it takes dedication
and you got to always push forward and
have a plan of action to work this
business it doesn't happen
automatically I've been bitten five
times in 25
years four of them four of them were
accidents I'll tell you about that in a
sec one of them was a vicious dog he was
just uh I call him tried dog because he
had three legs two back legs one one
forward leg he'd always jump up and try
to take bites at me and one time I was
there and I just I just wasn't paying
attention and he jumped up and bit my
nipple put a hole right through it the
other times were just accidents I always
pet the dogs and leave a biscuit when I
leave and I was at this great D's house
and I forgot to give him a biscuit and I
as I was walking out he was barking like
where's my biscuit and I stopped right
in mid bark and of course my butt is
right about there and he kind of he kind
of nipped my butt a little bit but he he
he stopped and kind of like went down
and kind of put his tail between his leg
like he was sorry like oh I'm sorry I
didn't mean to bite you and he did so I
give the biscuit he was
fine I'm still getting being bit in the
NP um it's fashionable nowadays Put a
Ring through it and you're all set yeah
I talk to scoopers all around the
country and we hear stories and exchange
them all the time we have a convention
once a year where Cooper scoopers gather
together and talk crap all weekend uh
there's a a service in Florida I think
it was uh yard guards on duty I'm pretty
sure it was that one where the poer
scooper actually went in the customer's
yard
and didn't take a leak he took a dump at
a customer's yard and the customer was
home and the customer saw it and yes the
customer complained and I think they cut
the service right after that sometimes
I'd put on a show for the customers um a
long time ago when I first started my
accountant actually uh asked me if I
could do something like that and what I
did is I took my bucket took my shovel
and some poop on it flung it up in the
air and did a 360 and caught it in the
bucket the only time I ever tried it I
figur I got it right the first time I'm
not going to attempt that again other
times we we'll try to toss it for
distance and try to make it my wife and
I work together sometimes I'll kind of
you know go back and forth on it what's
the biggest distance you
got I had never really officially
measured it but I would say about 15 ft
15t yeah so you could enter the dog poop
Olympic you know if they had one I could
I'd probably win you hey speaking of dog
poop Olympics uh when our association
apod it's on the convention we actually
have what's called a turd hurting
contest where we go out there for time
trying to get as much poop as we can
okay but we use fake poop for that okay
and what's the prize the prize is
bragging rights for a year oh you got
you get a nice trophy too actually have
you ever won that
I have never won I've got several second
places several third places my wife got
several second places never one
though no dog poop's been great I mean
it's been we've been making a living off
this for over 25 years and we continue
to do so and it's just a great way to go
I mean there's no bosses looking over me
except for my customers uh I don't see
too many people had a lot of dogs play
with a lot of dogs it's just a great
life okay
cool yeah in
than okay uh what was I gonna say oh
yeah uh Hey one one good Advantage about
this business is you can fart while
you're working and nobody knows the
difference