[Music]
welcome to super simple saute we make
super simple things for busy families
like us today we are going to make a
dinosaur cake don't forget to subscribe
and click on the bell so you will know
when our videos come out the things you
need are flour baking powder sugar salt
cocoa powder baking soda evaporated milk
vanilla and egg so let's start first
sift all your dry ingredients together
[Music]
now your cocoa powder the cocoa powder
had a lot of lumps now let's add the
sugar let's add the baking powder and
the baking soda and salt now mix it with
a spatula then you KX
[Music]
[Music]
now add your eggs when it is time to
your dry ingredients first egg now mix
it and mix it all together then add the
second egg be careful and mix it again
then add the last egg
you can use a spatula to scrape it and
then mix all of it together now let's
use the electric mixer for this if you
don't have an electric mixer you can
still mix it by hand now alternately add
the milk and the oil we're using coconut
oil here so it's a bit lumpy it's lumpy
when it's cold it will melt and blend
well when you add the hot water but any
vegetable oil is okay to use then I
added a little bit of the notes then I
added the oil again so it's alternating
you have to be patient doing this don't
forget to scrape the sides then add the
boiling water be very careful with the
hot water now mix it some more now it's
time to make our dinosaurs using fondant
you do not have to make them you can get
them at the store because it's played up
I'm making my Triceratops is orange
fondant I started by forming the head
then the body
did I make four tiny legs it will take
some trial and error until you get the
right shape then attach them the body
and the head with a toothpick then
attach the legs using water as glue let
it dry for at least one to two hours
then we added the eyes and the horns
later we were not able to take a video
of it while we were making it I'm making
a sauropod these dinosaurs are
vegetarians
to make it easier I made just a part of
the head a part of the body and the part
of the tail I also added some black
spots and a tiny bow on the head I'm
making a silly dinosaur just kidding I
made a tree I just stuck to leaves on
there and you can do that too no the
cake is nice and cool we leveled it in
it's time to frost it no it's time to
frost the cake you can use any chocolate
frosting your light then put the second
layer on top make sure the bottom part
is at the top then slice is small
portion of the top layer this will be
the waterfall later on and then you
frost it then frost the sides then use
the big spatula to avoid now the cakes
all frosted
now put it in the refrigerator for 15
minutes now let's have some green grass
around the cake using tip number 233
[Music]
then use blue frosting to create a
waterfall just frost the sections of the
tip going down so it looks like it's a
cascade you can gently and lightly blend
it later with a knife
[Music]
we also added a little bit of white
frosting on the waterfall to make it
look like bubbles also add green grass
are on the top layer of the cake now
it's time to put the dinosaurs now let's
put some pebbles and rocks around it we
use soft chocolate candy and gray
fondant to make sure thank you for
watching super simple top hat if you
liked this video please comment and like
[Music]
don't forget to subscribe and click on
the Bell so you will know when our
videos come out