hi my name is Meg Griswald and I teach
n9th and 10th grade English at Harpeth
Hall and all girls independent school
that teaches girls in grades 5 through
12 I'm going to tell you today about how
to quote Shakespeare in an essay so
first I'm going to start by showing you
my original Source text so here is a
scene from A Midsummer Night's Dream by
Shakespeare and I'm going to show you
how to quote different lines so first
I'm going to quote just one line of text
so let me show you my
essay um what my essay is looking like
so I want to use a quote from
Shakespeare here's how you do it if it's
one line it looks like this so I've
introduced my quote and now I'm ready to
use it so I'm going to use quotation
marks and I'm going to go to the
text and highlight one line I'm going to
copy
that and I'm going to paste
it okay and I'm of course going to make
sure the font is the right thing so size
12 okay and I'm going to end with my
quotation marks now I need to use my
parenthetical so uh I know that this
line This scene we saw that was act two
act three scene two line one we're going
to call for example and then I use a
period at the end so when I'm using just
one line of Shakespeare I copy I and
paste it I use quotation marks I keep
all the original punctuation and
capitalization following the quotation
marks I use a parenthetical the act the
scene and the line number and I put a
period at the end if there was a period
in the orig original quote you want to
move that to the end any other
punctuation stays inside the quotation
marks
okay here
is how to quote two lines of
text okay so let me go back
to I want to quote now now just not the
first first two line first line but the
first two lines so I'm going to copy
those and I'm going to use quotation
marks and paste them in now notice it
kept my line break when I'm using one
two or three lines well two or three
lines of a poem instead of using the
line breaks I use slashes to Mark line
endings so I when I come to the end of a
line where my cursor is I put space
slash space so how now we have come now
AAL and a fairy
sing space SL space then for the third
part of a minute hence and then I end
again it's not a period so it stays
quotation marks parenthetical act three
scene two lines one through two
parentheses
period okay I'm also just for the sake
of being uh honest we're going to make
sure we follow the right pattern leading
into a quote with a comma a short quote
very good now what if I want to quote
three lines of Shakespeare all right I'm
going to go back to my text I'm going to
highlight and copy three
lines I'm going to paste it into my
document uh here is how to quote three
lines of the
text okay quotation marks I'm going to
paste it okay again it's giving me those
line breaks with uh new lines on each
one I want to make sure my font goes
back to 12 and I'm going to remove those
new lines and add a space SLS space for
each one and then space SLS
space okay and now the only every other
punctuation except for a period stays
inside the quotation marks so I follow
that up with parenthesis act three scene
two lines one through three end
parenthesis period
okay if I want to
quote more than three lines of verse I
must use a block quote we lead into a
block quote with a colon always we hit
enter now I'm going to copy and paste my
quote I'm going to take the first four
lines contr
C all righty here I come
TRV now first thing is first I'm going
to make sure the font is
right size 12 okay now see how it's
highlighted I'm going to push the tab
button on my keyboard two times ready
one two that
indents my block quote two tabs which is
what I need now I do not end with
quotation marks no quotation marks in a
block quote think of it like this this
giant empty space right here is my
quotation marks it's telling the reader
here is a direct quote I do follow with
a parenthetical act three scene two
lines one through four and parenthesis
now be careful when you hit enter after
your block quote it's going to keep you
at the same spot the cursor instead of
going back just hit backspace it'll
return to the beginning of the
line and now you
continue with your
essay now what I want to point out which
I haven't said yet is that this was
quoting verse poetry Shakespeare writes
in two types of language pros and poetry
or pros and verse These are quoting
verse when quoting um Pros you follow
all of the rules that are used when you
are quoting a novel or a short story or
sorry excuse me when you are quoting a
play of any t a pros play Like A Raisin
in the Sun you follow the same rules so
you you just write it as normal there's
no need to Mark line breaks uh you just
type as normal if your quote takes up
more than three lines then you make it a
block quote
so if you need help with that I have
other videos on how to quote a pros play
what I've just shown you is how to quote
lines of poetry from Shakespeare so
again to review one line no slashes
needed two lines slashes to Mark the
line breaks three lines slashes to Mark
the line breaks four lines block quote
block quotes begin with a colon and have
no quotation
marks short quotes one two or three
lines have quotation marks and have a
period after their
parenthetical all right thank you so
much for watching