the litter box to end all litter boxes
say hello to Footloose the amazing
automatic litter box and feline health
tracker its rotating chamber gently sift
cell clubs preventing them from clogging
or breaking off into debris once all the
droppings are gone the unused litter is
cycled back into the chamber ready for
next time this whole process takes just
90 seconds and as for the owner what
order the waste receptacle is airtight
and equipped with internal filters I
control the snow
smells like world domination and when
the waste receptacle is full footloose
even send you an alert just remove the
bag throw it away and that's it cleaning
all the devilish droppings delicately
dedicated by your cat is now easier than
ever no more searching shoveling or
sifting what used to be a 10 minute
daily chore now takes two minutes a week
but footloose is more than just a litter
box it can also be a lifesaver
cats often hide their pain making it
difficult to detect health problems
luckily for you party behavior is a
telltale sign that something's wrong
Footloose uses weight sensor to detect
which cat is using it it collects
important data like when it happened how
long it took and how much holy moley mr.
noodles 10 visits of the Box and no
urine time for the vet
ever since I upgraded the footloose I've
got so much free time I can finally
finish my album to tell you the truth I
put the foot in the loose now when your
kid he goes poop you can just watch it
go poof easy to change out the bag ain't
gotta worry about smell send an alerts
to my app stay up to date with the
health I swear I've got so much free
time I'm so in love with my me time I'm
giving the scoop is the peace sign I'm
doing it all for the felines the nicest
box I've ever used head room in privacy
for days you know what's my favourite
litter definitely corner
but loose work with anything