men Welcome to our Japanese garden
perhaps you're asking yourself how would
I go about creating a Japanese garden I
know I did so I asked the expert our
designer
kisan he explained that you must first
choose the location which worked out
perfectly for him since our location had
a natural slope with a large Hill in its
background eliminating the need to put
large foliage or hedging to cover an
unsightly building or other Poss
eyesore having the location he lent his
imagination and artistic talents to
create this drawing from his Mind's Eye
many things had to be considered as he
wanted to create a miniature landscape
that was beautiful abstract but
understandable and a place for
contemplation and
meditation some elements kis Sun planned
in his creation were a waterfall bridge
Stepping Stones rocks mountains trees
and plants with his plan in hand he set
out to acquire the materials he would
need here in OK a local outdoor garden
shop is the place to go there's a very
wide variety of indigenous plants to
choose
[Music]
from
and we chose the yuku
pine the habiscus or
aabana the crepe
myrtle and the DEQ ebony to name just a
few other items such as these large
round stone or mortar discs work wonders
to keep visitors on the desired path and
children love to play Leap Frog and hop
from one to the other these simulated
bamboo fences are not only decorative
but serve to protect delicate or newly
planted
foliage these items resemble miniature
temples or pagodas which are routinely
found throughout
[Music]
Japan sand and bags of gravel would also
be
[Music]
needed
[Music]
large rocks such as this one will be
used to simulate
mountains maintaining our garden is a
labor of love and staff need to be
knowledgeable of when to fertilize and
the transplanting schedules for the
different species of plants the garden
is home
[Music]
to come along with me now for a walk
through our Japanese
garden you can see right away that we
used stronger plants along the perimeter
not only frames the garden but acts as a
protective barrier for the more delicate
plants against the tropical storms that
we experience from time to time here in
[Music]
Okinawa you'll notice several large
rocks in our garden most of them had to
be lowered into their resting places by
use of a
[Music]
crane you'll notice at the bridge and
how our gardener made use of the gravel
underneath our waterfall is a favorite
spot for pictures for our guests it's
powered by solar energy which we capture
through solar panels high above the
[Music]
garden we hope that you've enjoyed this
brief segment on our Japanese garden we
invite your comments and welcome any
questions that you might have thank you
for stopping by whereas our OK Allan
staff would say ni
deut