hey what is up place city family it's
Bobby and today for kitchen basics I
thought I would open up the old pantry
and share with you 10 essential spices
you need to have to rock tasty and
healthy recipes at home and share with
you three awesome recipes using those
spice rubs
these are spices that are always in my
pantry and they allowed me to create
meals during the week with tons of
flavor no additional fat or no
additional calories but before we rock
that today's video is a collaboration
with my good friends over at the rive
market I think this is like the fifth
video I've done with them it's because
they are the bomb okay you go to thrive
market calm and you search their amazing
all-natural organic products and it
makes healthy living affordable and easy
for everyone because everything is 25 to
50% cheaper than retail stores which I
absolutely love Plus guess what I don't
have to leave the house i order online
the box of goodies comes to me and I can
be hooked up especially when it's
getting cold out so it's really cool
because you go on the website it's very
easy to navigate and you can search by
values or by categories there is over 80
of them such as keto vegan gluten-free
non-gmo and you can add anything you
want to your cart if you add over 49
dollars worth of products the shipping
is free and these are some of my
favorite items like yet I always get the
Thrive olive oil extra virgin the
coconut butter my favorite product
though ever is the thrive organic
grass-fed Yee when you use my promo code
down below you've got to get this stuff
because it smells like movie-theater
butter popcorn but this stuff isn't real
it's not fake so once again they hooked
me up with an insane promo code down in
the description box for 25% extra off
your first order and a 30-day free trial
if you're a member already there's daily
deals on the homepage just go there try
it out I know you're gonna like it
alright let's start with the 10
essential spices I think you all should
have in the pantry let me get a few more
here
and number one you guys her Flav City
fan you pretty much know art what's
number one gonna be smoked paprika okay
take a look in here I wish we had
smell-o-vision cuz this smell coming out
of the spice dry right now is amazing
it's the same as sweet paprika except
the bell peppers are smoked and dried
and then pulverized into this powder and
the amount of flavor almost the depth of
flavor it adds to dishes is unbelievable
alright for spicy number two that
everyone needs it's cumin I have it
right here in my thrive packet by the
way all these spices come in the thrive
starter spice kit it's 15 spices all of
which I have in my pantry and you guys
need to have two cumin is the second
most popular spice in the world it's
kind of lemony it's kind of bitter and
it adds a great depth of flavor number
three is gonna be coriander coriander is
right here once again I wish you had
smell-a-vision because it kind of tastes
like burnt orange and I don't use it
quite as much as cumin because it's more
strong I usually use half as much
coriander as I do cumin but this is a
must and I got she just opened the lid
and the aroma is unbelievable
alright the next up we love dried thyme
cuz you can't always get access to fresh
thyme or just you forget to buy it dry
thyme is always good to have in the
pantry just use half as much as you
would fresh thyme and then you gotta
have onion powder and garlic powder
we'll be using both of these to make an
Italian spice rub in about a few minutes
and then cinnamon you guys might think
of cinnamon as dessert but as you'll see
in a minute we use it in savory spice
rubs it's very common in like Arab
countries to use this along with clothes
and and star anis it's phenomenal all
right next up is ancho chili powder look
at the color of this it's just like a
rustic kind of red brick red and it's
not too spicy right it's kind of like a
starter chili I consider it like a spicy
raisin
if you don't want that you can get the
thrive chili powder that comes in the
starter kit obviously black peppercorns
are a must please don't ever buy pre
ground black pepper it starts to lose
its flavor immediately just get a pepper
mill or as art was just saying if you're
an SNL fan
what is this art
the peppa boy negative and finally we
have curry powder now curry powder is a
very general term there can be up to
like 15 or 20 different spices in there
a lot of the spices in there are like
cumin turmeric coriander a lot of the
essentials here I like ones that are
very yellow so if I was gonna use this
one in the Thrive i would supplant it
with a little bit of turmeric to make it
super yellow all right so those are my
10 essential spices that you have to
have now I think we should make my smoke
and show coffee spice rub that goes on
some skirt steak that is absolutely
delicious let's start with just over a
tablespoon of freshly ground coffee 1
tablespoon of ancho chili powder half a
tablespoon of smoked paprika half a
tablespoon of the ground cumin from
thrive half a teaspoon of ground
cinnamon half a teaspoon of ground
coriander
one tablespoon of a light brown sugar
one teaspoon of dried thyme and half a
teaspoon of cayenne pepper and then give
that a good mix up oh man the aromas
coming out of this bowl are smell this
it smells like a pitmaster or like a
smokehouse wood right and we're gonna
take advantage of that in a minute so I
saw the brown sugar go in here and
you're thinking oh no it's not keto but
if you use keto brown sugar or stevia
brown sugar it is and also the cool
thing about these spices from thrive is
they're organic and non-gmo everything
on thrive is non-gmo so really I want
you to get hooked up use my promo code
down in the description box for 25%
extra off your first order and the free
shipping it's a ridiculous deal now to
tap into that pitmaster smokehouse kind
of feel we're gonna put this on some
skirt steak in my skirt steak meal prep
that is delicious and here's how you do
it season 5 8 ounce pieces of skirt
steak with a generous pinch of salt and
a half of the spice rub flip over the
skirt steak and do some more salt and
more spice rub and then set them aside
for 20 minutes or the steak and come to
temperature and that marinade can really
get down and do its thing now it's all
about a hot cast-iron pan so preheat one
with a good shot of avocado oil and then
put half of the skirt steak in the pan
and let it cook for four minutes
undisturbed that way it'll make a nice
crust
flip it over and look at that see what I
mean that spice crust just infused into
the meat that awesome coffee and the
cinnamon and all those yummy flavors
let it cook another three to four
minutes then get it out and cook the
second batch you don't want to overcrowd
the pan otherwise the stick won't cook
properly
make sure you slice the skirt steak
against the grain that way it meat just
melts in your mouth
place the steak in a glass meal prep
container scoop over some roasted
Brussels sprouts and some roasted sweet
potato fries and there it is a skirt
steak meal prep with that delicious
coffee spice row I'll put that recipe
down below in the description box not to
store your spice rubs just put them like
in an airtight container like this or
what I like to do is just transfer them
to a little glass ramekin and then you
can cover this with plastic wrap stash
it in the pantry you can use it whenever
you want now here's the deal ground
spices start to lose their flavor only
after three to six months so it's
actually better to buy small amount of
spices as opposed to those huge
containers you might see at the
warehouse club they got the flavor on
those will go down before you can even
get halfway through so I only always buy
like two or three ounces when I run out
I order more that way I always have
fresh spices all right that one's done
let's make our Italian spice rub that is
really easy to make and a teaspoon of
garlic powder to a bowl then add one
teaspoon of onion powder a teaspoon of
sweet paprika half a teaspoon of dried
oregano and then a quarter teaspoon of
cayenne pepper or red pepper flakes give
that a good mix up and then transfer it
to a storage container just like the
previous one all right look at the color
of that I just love it right that red
paprika the onion and garlic powder
flecks now what can you use this for you
can get some serious Italian flavors
going with my chicken Pomodoro meal prep
another crazy easy one to make
here's how you do it season five chicken
breasts that have been butterfly with a
generous pinch of salt a few cracks of
black pepper and then half of the spice
rub flip the chicken over and hit it
with some more salt pepper and spice rub
and then push the chicken aside for 20
minutes so it can come to room
temperature and that marinade can do its
thing put some olive oil in a cast-iron
pan
and then cr3 of the chicken breast for
about two to three minutes just until
their crusty on the outside but not
cooked all the way through do that in
two batches so you don't overcrowd the
pan place the chicken breast in a baking
dish and then cover it with some
homemade marinara sauce and then a good
grating of Parmesan cheese or pecorino
romano the step only has one gram of fat
and 20 calories per tablespoon so be
generous and then pop that in the oven
for about 10 minutes so the chicken cook
cook through now look at that chicken
not nice
a chicken soaked up all that tomato
sauce you have that nice melted cheese
on top finish the meal prep by putting
the chicken breast in a glass meal prep
container along with some barley risotto
that has a veggies and some wilted
spinach with lots of garlic
and the meal prep is done all right for
the last spice rub we're gonna make it's
my Caribbean spice rub that has all
those kind of Island flavors I kind of
got inspired by a spring break trip a
long time ago to Jamaica in between all
of the Appleton ROM and red stripe I
remember very fondly eating Caribbean
jerk chicken out of an old oil barrel on
the beach was unbelievable I actually
made this recipe with Rachael Ray last
year it's so so easy to make here's how
you do it and one teaspoon of garlic
powder to a bowl then go in with a
teaspoon of paprika a teaspoon of ground
ginger 1/2 a teaspoon of dried thyme 1/4
teaspoon of ground cloves and a quarter
teaspoon of cayenne pepper give that a
good mix and then transfer that to a
container season five chicken breasts
that have been butterflied with a good
pinch of salt and half of the spice rub
flip the chicken over and then do a
little more salt and some spice rub and
then push the chicken aside for 20
minutes so it can come to room
temperature and that marinade can do its
thing
pre-heat a cast-iron pan over
medium-high heat and then add a couple
teaspoons of avocado or rapeseed oil and
take a look at the chicken you can see
how that marinade really soaked down
into the meat add three the chicken
breasts to the pan and then don't touch
the chicken for about four to five
minutes see that crust that's the spices
just searing into the white chicken meat
and creating so much flavor so flip them
let them cook another three minutes then
get them out of the pan and once you've
cut one of those chickens in half look
at that right the spices form that
beautiful crust and to finish the meal
prep add the chicken breast to a glass
meal prep contain
add a scoop of kale black bean and
pineapple salad and the meal prep is
done does anyone else feel like this is
an episode of narcos we have enough
powders and other stuff floating around
here to make Escobar jealous I should be
wearing a mask well that's it you guys
we just rocked three delicious spice
rubs using organic fresh high-quality
spices from thrive the coffee spice rub
is my favorite
put this on your skirt steak heck put it
on chicken pork chops it is gonna change
your life also browse around their
website I mean I only buy my conditioner
now because condition that goes on my
head that makes it silky and smooth
we've done so many billionaires and
jokes today it's ridiculous but the
promo code is real down below in the
description box an extra 25 percent off
your first order plus a 30-day free
trial and 25 to 50% cheaper than the
grocery store and you don't even have to
leave your house because the big green
box comes to your door all right guys
that is it these spice rub recipes are
down below in the description box check
out my other thrive videos including
keto chicken salad and cloud bread
streaming below me right now but I will
see you next week until then hashtag
keep on cooking or as Pablo would say
cigano cocinando
mad love beats