alright guys so I want to talk a little
bit about hedgehogs I've made lots of
Hedgehog videos and care videos so check
those out if you haven't seen them this
video I'm going to talk a little bit
about things you should know before
buying a hedgehog not so much about
their care but some questions I get
about owning a hedgehog and things that
people want to know so first off is what
age you should get these guys at well
these guys lots of times I hear people
getting them at as young as 6 weeks and
that's really young for a hedgehog to be
going out to a new home and living alone
hedgehogs really should be kept with
their mothers and all their siblings
until they're about 2 months old at
around 2 months they should be separated
from their opposite sex siblings and
mothers so you put the males and a cage
together and you can leave the females
with the mother until about three months
and that way they have time to socialize
the mom is there to teach the babies
until they're two months old and the
females until they're three months and
the males if there's more than one male
keep those together and they have time
to socialize and you know know about
being a hedgehog and learns but they're
still really young at six weeks they're
barely developed so it's good to you
know wait till the hedgehogs are three
months old
I've actually refused to sell some of my
baby hedgehogs to some stores that only
wanted to month or younger hedgehogs and
I just wouldn't sell them to those
stores because that's just too young
when you buy a Hedgehog should make sure
that the nice as you can see it this one
was born in my house I've held her since
since she was really young and as you
can see she's perfectly it nice and easy
to hold when you buy a hedgehog they
should not curl into a ball in his to
you they might do it'd be a little bit
grumpy she can even be a little grumpy
when I wake her up but as you can see
her quills are all back and down mean
hedgehogs that quills will be all up and
pointed everywhere and it will look
really scary kind of them
people but a nice hedgehog will usually
keep her quills back and down so it's
not gonna hurt you to hold them so
always make sure to hold your hedgehog
first I get lots of people saying oh I
just bought a hedgehog and I can't hold
it you know what do I do well my
question is like why didn't you hold it
in the store and you know know that it
was nice and it was handleable before
you bought it and brought it home you
know you wouldn't buy a dog that's
biting biting you in the store so why
would you buy a hedgehog that's mean to
you in the store you know it's the same
idea
so that's a couple things a lot of
people also asked about baths these guys
their skin can dry out so you don't want
to use too much soap or anything I think
that's the main problem people run into
is they use too much soap and that ends
up drying out there hedgehogs what I
recommend is using mostly just water or
if you use soap rinse them off really
well and they don't really need a bath
more than once a month she hasn't had a
bath in over a month and as you can see
she looks clean but sometimes when
hedgehogs run on their wheels they'll
get their feet really dirty her feet are
pretty good now so you might want to
brush off their feet a little more often
but you don't have to give them a full
bath more than like once a month people
also ask how much time is needed for
hedgehogs now interacting with them is
great and you can interact with them as
much as you want these guys are good in
the temperature you know around 73 to 80
degrees that's the good range for them
so they're perfectly happy being out in
the house and hanging out with you and
you know they'll get more tame the more
you hang out with them but if you do
leave them alone
safer a couple days and you got a nice
big water bottle you had nice beach all
right so there was a lawnmower going by
so what we're saying is if you do um go
on vacation for a couple days or let's
say you go to school and you just have
to study a lot and you don't have much
time to take them out of the cage
they're perfectly fine being left alone
for you know a couple days even a week
at a time as long as you make sure that
they have food and water
they'll be fine being alone you know
they're quite happy to be alone run on
the wheel just explore their cage so you
don't have to worry about that too much
but of course the more you hang out with
them the
nice so they're gonna get like this girl
is so that was some stuff I wanted to
talk about just some questions that
people kind of asked me about in what
age to get them add and you know some of
that stuff so uh anyways if you guys
have any questions about hedgehogs let
me know and check out my other videos
and otherwise half the time keeping I
will see you guys later so bye bye