thanks again for choosing Planet rentals
today we're going to talk a little bit
about our chocolate fountain setup um
now with the chocolate you need to make
sure that you have a chocolate that's
specifically made for chocolate
fountains um a lot of stores sell that
we also carry that as well um it's a
chocolate that has a lot more oil added
into it as well as we're going to add
additional oil so that it flows nice and
smoothly in the fountain now when you
pull it out of the tote there are a few
pieces here that you'll need to put
together the first is your teered system
here um the cholate will end up going
here in the bottom and if you take this
top cap off you'll notice there's an
augur that goes down the middle so this
kind of comes apart a little bit for
some easy clean up um but you want that
auger right down the middle and that top
cap just it
on then you've got your base unit here
there's a little rubber washer that goes
on
top and then the tear just screw onto
the base
unit and you just need that to be
snug then you would get the power cord
that's in here and it Powers off just
regular
power now the chocolate that we sell and
provide actually does better if you melt
it in the microwave and you can put
these packets in the microwave just as
they are and it says to put it in the
microwave for 2 minutes on half power
and then you massage it and then it's
another 2 minutes on half power and at
that point it's very liquidy and ready
to go into the bowl now this machine ma
can melt down the chocolate for you but
it takes a really long time in order to
do that and you really need to attend to
it and stir it often so again it's
easier just to get these mixes and put
them right in the microwave so that it
does all the melting for you that way
okay now I've melted down this chocolate
and in order for the machine to run it
needs between 2 and 4 lbs of chocolate
in the bowl um so these bags
specifically are 2 lb each um and once
I've melted it you can just tear across
the top and empty it on in
all right now once you've added your
chocolate to make your product go even
further and make it uh flow better we
suggest adding a/4 cup to a half a cup
of vegetable oil or canola oil to the
chocolate it won't affect the taste at
all and again it helps your chocolate go
further and it will flow a little bit
better now on this machine you have a
temperature dial over here and like I
said earlier this machine can melt down
the chocolate on its own but again we
suggest putting in the microwave and you
would want to melt it down on high heat
and stir it often but once the
chocolate's already melted you'll want
this somewhere around
90 um which is a Celsius measurement
right about there is about a good
temperature now you'll notice when your
uh chocolate starts flowing if it's
dripping then it's probably not hot
enough and melted enough um or if it's
you know maybe flowing too smoothly you
could turn down the temperature a little
bit now you have your heat switch here
which will activate the Heat and then
your motor button which will start to
turn that augur and then we'll uh flow
the chocolate down the
[Applause]
machine now if you notice the
chocolate's not flowing on this one side
and that means that this side is high so
what I'm going to do is raise up that
back leg opposite that high side so that
it flows more
levely
and those legs on the bottom just
[Music]
twist and now it's flowing much better
now once it's flowing if you see start
to see breaks in the chocolate that
probably means that you need to add more
so as people eat the chocolate of course
you'll be adding more bags so that it
continues to flow um consistently now
the machine itself does get a little
warm here around the edges and the bowl
so you want to be a little bit careful
um about kids and whatnot coming up and
touching the machine and then all of
these controls here are actually meant
to be on the back side um it so someone
can attend to the machine from the back
so um depending on your setup you can
have that cord plugged in so that
someone doesn't trip on the cord in the
front when it's time to clean up the
machine you want to use lots of hot
soapy water again you can pull off the
top of that tiar and pull out the augur
use lots of hot soapy water down the
middle of it as well as on all the other
are
planter RS will do a lot of cleaning and
disinfecting once you bring the machine
back as well but if you can get the
majority of it cleaned up that'd be
great now Planet rentals can also
provide you with some bamboo skewers
that you can use to dip your favorite
product into the chocolate
fountain that's yummy stuff thanks again
for choosing Planet
rentals