I should make a chore chart for Brandon
anyways guys that's all the time we have
for today's well good morning everyone
getting ready to leave and we are in
such a rush I've got breakfast to go
dad's heading out to funny I've been
trying on my shirt probably 20 times the
day I've changed ten times actually in
the camera look that weird but there's
something about how baggy it is but it
just barely comes to my belt and
debating taking it back
please comment below keep this or try
and get one it doesn't look that weird
in the back tapers down that slow look
but guys this is the problem with
hinging 6:4 and you can't tell because
your shirt is showing at the bottom so
it looks even yeah I put a shirt
underneath it just because it's so short
raise up your arms show them yeah see so
big and tall problems I normally buy him
like I've tried buying him normal
clothes and he wears them like once or
twice and then he does wear him again
because they're too small from here out
because it looks this thing is awesome
put a box around your waist
we've resulted to only buying him tall I
can't shop in the fall talk it's kind of
hard so he's been like debating he's
literally put the jacket on like 15 so
dad's getting ready to leave for work
I'm heading out with breakfast Rexy was
gonna eat part of his breakfast in the
car because he didn't eat it earlier
today so we're heading out people were
dropping mr. bricks off at school are
you excited for school today yeah I love
that you've been wearing your different
glasses gonna show everyone can you guys
tell he's been wearing different glasses
turn to the side these are not his Nike
ones these are the ones that are a
little bit blue you look so handsome
okay so you glasses where's tell me
because he's been wearing his Nike ones
but like they keep like stretching out
or something so they taught us you know
he has he was taking them off with one
hand and that was stretching out one of
the arms he's learned to take him off
with two hands but like they still keep
getting stretched out so I have to take
him back to Costco and they're so great
there they just make the little
adjustment and then they fit him great
again what are we doing wrong these ones
don't really tend to do that as much
they fit a little bit tighter have you
shown them the trick with these ones
gonna show him the trick to hands
remember so these ones you can take off
and oh you can't like bend the arms way
out they're made for little kids they're
called power flex
pretty cool huh just waiting in a
carpool for his teacher to come here she
comes
have a great day he left his book on the
table so we'll do it next time thanks
bye buddy
we decided to come and stop at the post
office to see if there's anything in
there boo there's a couple of key
there's a couple of keys loo there's one
key to key three keys mmm this card's
for Mama BAM
any likey on another key great let's go
see what's in those boxes should we know
let's see there's so many keys maybe let
me see the keys okay wow we got this one
seventeen
[Music]
can you hold that open for a while can
you hold this open from us thank you
whoa is it page number seven that's the
numbers lucky number seven whoo look at
this fun packaging in another bar number
12 that's a big locker for one little
tiny envelope then we have Locker number
45 bottle in here you hold that for me
wow that's a big one
a teeny one for hazy hey let's go we
stopped at the post office got a few
things from there we're just grabbing
Breck's from school stay tuned because
after the big boys get home from school
I am starting to implement chore chart
and behavior chart things have gotten a
little out of whack a little out of hand
and we're kind of real in the rain so
stay tuned because we've got a whip our
kids into shape and our house into shape
my favorite is kind of like January's
kind of a weird month we're gonna figure
this out hopefully get on a better
schedule and you guys will watch me
explain it all to the kids their eyes
are gonna be biggest golf balls and
they're probably gonna complain but
that's okay that's part of life so we've
got all the kids home Riley has been
tasked with writing a book report on
James and the Giant Peach he is
beginning to write that right now he's
already starting he's doing a great job
so far so also what he has to do here's
some suggestions of things he has to do
he has to do a project with it everybody
he has to do a project to go along with
his James in the Giant Peach so he can
do like draw a picture or draw a comic
strip make an apron about the book make
up a song about the book make a puppet
so what we had thought about was getting
like little teeny individual peach oohs
and giving him to the whole class but
and now after reading these I think she
wants him to do something a little bit
more creative we can't decide please
have any you can for sure - a puppet
gonna do a puppets on James in the joint
piece yeah okay well hey I'm all about
that my favorite way to do puppets is
use paper sack to do paper sack puppet
what I'm gonna do is like the extendable
ones bend it and then put like a little
character
right here and like Dingle it and I'm
gonna make this Bach box with the
curtain and the light inside okay well
you got a lot of work ahead of you so
let's get going on it kids are done with
homework so now the big unveiling of
what I've been wanting to show the kids
so I'm gonna show you guys I've kind of
been feeling like the kids are having a
hard time doing chores that they need to
do I decided the other night round I had
a long talk this weekend we're like we
need to get the kids assign chores every
night because there's always something
that needs to be done here we have a big
family and we need a lot of help I
decided to pull together this chore
chart has a little bit of a glare
because I laminated it so as you can
tell each child has column that they're
in charge of and then there's every day
of the week but Sunday we won't make
them work on Sunday so I've alternated
so each kid will have to do the
dishwasher twice that week so riders
days for dishwasher are Tuesday and
Thursday crews are Monday and Friday
Gretchen's dishwasher days are Wednesday
and Saturday and hazy doesn't have to
the dishwasher she can just help if she
wants to do want to help you want to
help with the dishes
help with dishes yeah she gets to help
with the dishes on one day but I've
given them different assignments all
right you guys so what are some of the
assignments that you already saw in your
chore charts every single date we need
to pick up our room so that has to be
something that's on every single day
they have various items that they can do
like each one of them has to clean up
the family room one day each one of them
takes a turn doing the dishes and then
because garbage day is on Friday one of
you I think Brexton does the garbage is
on the main level crew B does garbage is
on the upstairs and Riley has to do cat
litter yeah every week these are things
that need to be done every week because
our tour chart that we're gonna live by
and we might need to adjust it and
change it a little bit if we need to
another thing that I decided to do was I
decided maybe we needed to behavior
chart they're not acting horrible they
just um sometimes have a hard time
keeping on task and that's with multiple
things just like any kid our kids are
particularly bad I also created a
behavior chart this mostly just keeps
them on tests so they have three options
three times in a day that they can get a
checkmark so each day there's a a.m.
midday which is basically after school
and p.m. this is lets them know what
they need to do in the a.m. brush teeth
make bed you know get ready for school
basically get ready for school without
having to be asked 13 times to put on
their shoes 12 times guess
to brush their teeth any normal kid
stuff so I'm just thinking if we can
have like a system where maybe they're
they're accountable to themselves and if
they can do these things on their own
that they can have a reward system I'm
in the process of coming up with a few
ideas of reward systems and so I'm
thinking we might be doing like this day
of play or for redeeming a treat at the
gas station all different sorts of
things there's plenty of ideas that I
have we are starting this today rather
you were in charge of picking up your
room any of the family room and cleaning
out the car dad you did all of them so
all your laundry is put in your room or
put away in the laundry room oh I still
okay crew be today you were supposed to
pick up your room and guess what I was
doing my client in there just now in the
my nail room and I heard cruded putting
the dishwasher away without me even
asking and it made me super happy thank
you so much oh my gosh did a great job
okay he cleared off the whole counter it
was all messy look you did a great job
thank you so much that's my good boy
okay and Breck C doodle for your thing
today you need to pick up your room and
clean the bathroom ah that's mostly the
downstairs bathroom and you know what I
did that one today because it was extra
dirty so I gave you kind of a head start
on that one thank you guys yeah yeah
will you go pick up your laundry and
make sure your bed is kind of made and
there's not stuff all over the floor one
good to go okay Breck see dude oh
there's a shirt on the floor we need to
put that away no we need to put it away
in the drawer that it belongs in that's
the shirt drawer good job great job
perfect and then you can put that in it
looks like we might have a shoe that
needs a home and a shirt that needs to
be put away a bed that needs to be home
yeah for sure
okay the shoe goes in the closet and the
shirt goes in the shirt drawer it's non
dirty good job Rex Thanks okay Kirby do
it looks like we might have some shoes
that are shoved under the bed can we
make sure those get put away and then
all of those dirty laundry you guys
those can go in the laundry room because
that baskets looking pretty full to me
right Kirby yeah he recognized that that
basket was full swing you take it whoa
dude seriously look at those muscles
oh here let me get the light for you
good job and
we'll put that into the washer later
maybe as you guys get a little older we
can learn about some laundering
responsibilities huh
all right Kirby a couple other things is
that belt needs to be put away so that
when we need it
next time we know right where it is
trying to show everyone or that goes
hope get on there good job do you see
anything else on the floor that could
maybe be picked up because I see maybe a
crayon and a car and some goggles see
then if you keep it clean so then if we
keep it clean we don't have to have any
of those like massive giant house
cleaning days if we just start always
keeping up on it that's the idea anyway
okay next we are gonna do a check on
Riley's room let's see how clean
actually this is pretty clean compared
to what it was you're just gonna hang up
these few things for me yeah awesome
thanks but it's looking pretty good
you even putting away your laundry all
right guys thank you so much for obeying
whoa socks
Rexie these are yours
[Music]
okay this is going really well you guys
this is going a hundred times better
than I could have expected they knew
that they had some responsibilities they
have to take care of today and they
started doing them while I was working I
was so grateful now that they're getting
stuff done I get the opportunity to just
make dinner they're doing chores this is
already off to a really good start
so guys dad's helping right guy he rode
out the rough draft it's four pages long
guys if you just read this to me maybe
the best book report I've ever heard in
my life like thorough detail parts from
the whole book start to finish I'm so
impressed writing and then writing look
at this nice handwriting doing it yeah
he's doing it in a nice weather I don't
know you could write this nicely
way to go almost erased hey guys quick
update you guys saw this morning I had
on a shirt that I wasn't sure about as
you can see I didn't wear today but that
one looks super nice on you anyways
looks really good the peach tree started
to grow hello can you guys see hello can
you hear me now is this thing on hello
epic day today mom told me that the
chores when better than could have been
imagined you know what I was working and
I just heard dishes clanking and I was
like they read the chore chart before I
even got to explain it to him and he
already started that is amazing I was
honestly surprised I don't want to say
that I had low expectations but I did
not expect it to go that well like I'm
not easy kicking and screaming fighting
him so excited and I'm just like why
can't you be this excited when I got
down on a paper he came running out into
the garage I get to do chores I get guys
this is day one though we know there
will be ups and downs we know I don't
want always be like this will always be
exciting not gonna want to go out with
friends and not complete their chores
but what I love is that you're
establishing the routine and if we get
that in practice and we can push it for
hardest part more than one day more than
a week and just get it to where it's
like I just know it's Thursday I do this
that's what we're trying to get to I you
know what for like ten years I've been
trying to do this behavior chart another
genius idea because it's more than the
chores it's also the obedience
three days because some toys that
they're bad in like the middle the day
they were great the rest of the day I
feel bad like the whole day just a loss
so three parts of it though they have
yes so they have opportunities at
different times a day and then like I
kind of thought about like if they're
good and they do like hey I'm gonna
clean the toilet you can earn back a
checkmark or something I don't know
where you're still gonna play that any
suggestions yeah yeah I would tiptoe
with that one cuz these guys are masters
I thinking that they can earn anything
back with one little good deed and do
you know who's the master at giving it
back for no good reason
he's sitting next to me like the end of
the counter today I'm really bad at that
but I love this because this will help
me to because I've got something in
people that I can look at and say hey
have you guys done this I should make a
chore chart for Brandon anyways guys
that's all the time we have for today's
well we're gonna
but speaking of all the time we have mom
went and picked up fan mail today and we
did not get a chance to open it in the
vlog so stick around for tomorrow and
for tomorrow opening that fan mail can't
wait to see what it is we love what we
get those fun things from you guys are
so awesome we have the best family on
all the internet and now we're not
talking about us we're talking about you
guys we love you have a great night
thanks for hanging with us can't wait to
see how these chores work out huge shout
out to mom taking the time and thought
to put that together build the chart
credit laminate it and then now the real
work begins keeping them doing it this
is one like dad's gig for myself
yeah you've got the hard gig so good
luck with that
love you you're the best you guys are
the best and we'll see you guys again
tomorrow we'll see ya buh-bye
bye
[Music]