hey everyone welcome to ISO TV with
Moray where youo and you design and
today we're going to make a tube top
dress or also known as a strapless
[Music]
dress for this tutorial you're going to
need a sewing machine elastic pens and
Pen cushion your choice of fabric I
suggest getting a four-way stretch
fabric measuring tape scissors a breast
that fits you perfectly and optional a
roller cutter do you all remember in the
early thousands the late '90s there were
tube top shirts well I'm noticing that
there are a lot of tube top dresses
coming out in style right now so I
figured that would be super easy to show
you all it's very simple just follow the
instructions so let's start so take your
four-way stretch fabric and lay it flat
and fold it along the edge remember just
like I told you all don't fold it in the
middle fold it along the
edge now take your dress and fold that
in half and lay it along the edge of
your
fabric grab your measuring tape and
measure how long you want your dress to
be I want my dress to come to about my
Cal
so is the two top dress so it's going to
start from right here right above your
breast and go all the way to my
Cal I'm looking at about 43 in so I'm
going to lay
my measureing tap along the
side and cut down about 44 in so cut
down 1 in more than what you would want
it to be in length because you want to
leave room for hemming and also when you
go to cut out your fabric leave enough
room for your steam allowance when you
take it to your sewing machine so
remember we're making a tube toop dress
we don't need any room for any arm holes
or to attach sleeves or anything so take
your dress and fold it down to where the
end of your armpit is and your dress
we're going to make one big rectangle
that fits your
body so go up about 2
in just to leave room for um your s your
um
hemming
across and just cut out your frame so
follow your dress that fits you
perfectly and leave about a inch maybe a
half of an inch of a seam allowance
depending on how tight you want your
dress to be I want mine to be very
fitted and
[Music]
sexy and remember when you're cutting
cut down one more inch than what you
would like your dress to be because you
want to leave room for hemming at the
bottom so I want my dress to be about 43
in I'm going to cut all the way down to
44 in so here is the front of my Tu toop
dress now let's cut out the back part of
your tube toop dress fold your fabric
along the
edge and use the piece that you just cut
out as the front part and just fold that
in half and lay that on the fabric to
cut out your back
[Music]
part
[Music]
so now you have two pieces your front
and your back of your tube toop dress
now what I noticed about this is because
we're cutting one big rectangle out you
might get a little confused as to what's
the top and what's the bottom the best
way to figure that out is look for the
part that kind of indents at your
waistline and then goes back out to your
hips that'll be your top so just in case
you get confused so now let's take our
two pieces and always remember if you
have a fabric that has a right and a
wrong side pin the right sides together
okay and then when you turn it inside
out once you're done sewing you have
sewn it correctly I'm using a fabric
where either side doesn't matter so I'm
just going to start pinning it together
and take it to my SE
[Music]
machine place your sewing machine on a
zigzag Stitch and let's sew it
[Music]
down so now that we have our siid of our
dress sewn down we want to get our
elastic and measure across the top of
our
chest okay so once you have that
measured you want to measure at least an
inch less than that because you want it
to be kind of snug at the top and not be
able to just fall down
so cut an inch smaller from what you
measured all right take the edge of your
elastic and sew it together using zigzag
[Music]
Stitch this part of attaching the
elastic is completely up to you how how
you want to do it how I'm going to do it
is I'm going
to take the part that we sewn down and
to make things easier just because I
know everyone is a beginner I'm going to
pair that up
with the side that
is on the seam you could put it in the
middle but then that'll take a lot
of coordination on trying to figure out
where the middle is and making sure you
sew it correctly just to be safe just
put the part that you sewn down on the
elastic and attach it to the seam
that'll make just easier because it's
for you and you're a beginner you're not
selling these so just do that for it
just to begin with so once I have it
attached to
that I'm just going to pin it
down all
[Music]
around your elastic is going to be
shorter than your fabric so in order to
get it to stay you're when you go to so
on zigzag Stitch you're going to have to
pull the elastic slightly so it can
measure out to the same length of your
fabric okay so now that we have it
pinned down we're going to start at the
seam and sew it on zigzag Stitch and
pull the elastic just a little bit not
too much just so it fits with the
[Music]
fabric you have sewn the elastic elastic
to the fabric so take the dress and the
elastic this is how it looks inside out
now fold it like
this okay now that you have it folded
like that with your elastic up under the
fabric and you still got everything
inside out take it to your sewing
machine and do a zigzag Stitch all the
way around turn your dress upside down
and let's hem the bottom so you do one
fold and then another
fold and pin it down all the way
around once you pin it all the way
around on that double fold at the bottom
to do your H take it to your sewing
machine on zigzag Stitch and you are all
[Music]
done
[Music]