hey everybody Randy with rash Lee's
border queue today we're gonna be
cooking up a catfish filet and trying
out some of that new chupacabra special
blend on the blackstone griddle we hope
you all come right on back we'll start
getting the griddle cleaned up get the
fish spiced to get it on
[Music]
first we'll hit it with a splash of
water and just wipe it with a paper
towel because I can't find my cotton
towels got to be very careful though
this is very very hot you don't want to
burn yourself with a steam
oh yeah it's sizzling good enough we're
going simple simple in this today we
want the flavor of the chupacabra to
come through so I'm just going to rub
the fish with some olive oil and then
hit it with this chupacabra special
blend I'm also going to put some olive
oil down on the grill so I'm just barely
gonna put enough on the fish to help the
spices stick if the chupacabra on it
alright one of the tricks to having fish
not stick is to have the griddle nice
and hot and this is I'm sure it's going
to smoke the oil when we put it on it is
so let me get some oil spread down here
that's good for now
it smells good
okay I'm not timing the cook so I don't
know how long it's been on but it's
starting to turn grey all the way up to
the upper edge here on the thicker part
let's take a look make sure it's not
burning no just starting to turn black
looking awesome we're gonna go ahead and
flip it I'm going to put a little more
oil down behind it here I'm not going to
put it in the same spot I'm gonna try to
flip it into the spot behind it there
kind of find some new hot steel to set
it on oh that looks good
bad smells really good nice and
blackened one of the advantages of
getting the grill nice and hot I'm gonna
go ahead and scrape up the spot where it
was that previously in case I have to
flip it back again I'm gonna put down a
little oil okay so we have to flip it
again go ahead and spread it and let it
get nice and warm actually nice and hot
I'm just not that familiar with griddle
fish I'd rather flip it and take a look
at the other side then take a chance
getting started to get flaky we're just
about done I'm gonna give it one last
flip all right let's pick it up no
sticking
I forgot my plate so I have to take my
chances on the spatula don't you no all
right let me get this inside and we're
going to whip up a taco we got the fish
inside nice and blackened it came out
really really good it's not burnt but
it's got a nice crust that special blend
worked real well to put a crust on the
outside of it
Chupacabra special blend we got some
mango pico de gallo
I'll put a recipe down in the
description box and maybe someday soon
I'll do a video of making some of this
it goes real good with seafood tacos and
we got some jicama tortillas
we're gonna make the taco with a jicama
tortilla instead of flour or corn try to
cut a few carbs and make it a little bit
healthier
let's get these jicama tortillas loaded
up with some of the good stuff and see
what it tastes like that's what counts
all right got that jicama tortilla I'm
going to put a little of the mango salsa
on the bottom
then put some of this fish nice and
flaky but moist
oh yeah it's flaking open there that
looks good done done just right nice and
moist still that's the key I've got to
have a hot griddle I have the black
stone griddle turned all the way up
let's taste that thing and see what we
got
there we go dripping on the floor the
dogs will take care of the drips though
it's too pretty to bite into no it's not
gone it that's good the jicama is
crunchy and a little cold cool that hot
fish in there that mango salsa with a
little sweet little heat take another
bite that's a good taco I was I was
right when I tasted that special blend I
just had a feeling that it was gonna be
awesome on fish and dog on blackened
catfish with a chupacabra special blend
I don't know if a chupacabra is a cat
but that's the cat's meow
the chupacabra has got a little bit of
salt a little bit of citric maybe lemon
flavor in it got some heat but the heat
kind of tames down when you cook when
you first taste it on the tongue it's
got a pretty good bite but the cooking
with it causes it to tame down a little
bit it just gives it awesome flavor I
thought I liked chupacabra rub on fish
until I taste a special blend now I know
I love chupacabra special blend on fish
again tip of the day get your griddled
night
and hot and the fish won't stick get it
hot before you put the fish down if you
put the fish on a lukewarm grill and let
it warm up it's going to stick
we hope y'all enjoyed this learn
something and if you will subscribe
click like share with your friends and
guys I appreciate you and we hope to see
you again later on down the road on rash
lee's border cue adios
[Music]
you
[Music]