okay I had uh three trees well one tree
died in my culdesac or my called park
strip I had another one that was dying
and then there's a third one that
matched all the rest of them and uh I
wanted it to match uh once I pulled
these out I have five five trees in here
the one in the middle died the one on
the end was dying and this one I just
want to match anyway first mistake I
made was to cut these so short if I
would have left the
uh trunk up a little higher I could have
used as leverage to help pull these out
but I saw what somebody was doing on
YouTube and I thought well I have all
the equipment for that so why not do it
this
way um we just use your car jack I
happen to have a 2X two by4 in square
tubing some leverage on the other side
there and what I did is dig down I don't
know if you can see it because of the
glare Dig Down underneath the roots and
I basically put a chain underneath the
ball um as you can see from the sawall I
sawed around the edge cut the roots and
uh I'm about to crank this up and pull
this stump out in fact my son might even
do it because he's likes helping
out and I'm not going to sit here and
have you watch me do this because I
don't have a way to mount the camera but
here's one that I
pulled a little
earlier these trees are about I don't
know 8 years old or
so and they're a little tough to get out
I mean trees really have good anchor but
anyway I'm kind of hoping that somebody
else might be able to use this one
pulling some stumps sure is a lot
cleaner than trying to hook it up to
your car and pull it out
but um and I've seen people almost rip
apart their trucks and stuff doing that
I was going to do it with the
four-wheeler but once I saw the guy on
YouTube that had done this I'm just like
that's such a simple idea why not why
not do that now I will raise this up
multiple times it will break the tree
but I have to keep lowering it
tightening tight tightening the
chain and then redoing it multiple times
but after about three four five times
we'll pull it right out anyway hope you
find that useful