[Music]
hi I'm Chef Amy hogi and I want to teach
you today how to play with food first
we're going to be making Oro many of you
have had questions on how to make orzo
and and what the differences between
that and pasta or rice pretty simple
okay I've got some boiling water back
over there it's almost ready to boil so
I can pour in my orzo but basically orzo
is just a pasta in the form of rice okay
that's the only difference it's not a
long grain it's not a short grain it's
just pasta okay so when you cook it for
al dante which means with a little bit
of a little bit of flavor so it's not
soggy you don't want a soggy noodle it's
about 9 minutes okay it tells you on the
package right here I've I'm going to I
measured out a half a cup of Oro we're
going to pour there in right when it's
beginning to boil again it's not quite
there yet but I'm going to go ahead and
right here I've got a finished salad
that I made using some Capers fresh
basil some chopped uh pepper some
chopped tomato and then some celery okay
and then of course on top a little
parmesan cheese cuz you have to have a
little cheese in there it's Italian
right parmesan all right my pasta is
done cooking I'm going to go get it and
what's really cool about this pasta is
it actually does not absorb all the
water like a ricewood so don't expect
all the water to be gone it's a pasta
okay I'm going to do it a little Shake
now I also learned from these Italian
mamas in in Italy I got to go to a
cooking school there to not wash off
your pasta because there's starch on
there it's going to help everything to
stick okay you want your cheese to stick
you want your vegetables and your herbs
to stick to your pasta because you want
to have all those flavors together go
ahead and use my spatula wipe it right
off okay so now all I'm going to do is
assemble I'm going to dump in my herbs
my tomatoes my celery again small
pieces okay we're going to go ahead and
give that a mix mix now I'm not really
adding salt I'm going to go ahead and
add the capers in with a little bit of
the juice okay use what you got you
don't have to play around you don't have
to do anything super special I love
Capers they stay forever in the fridge
it's got a nice like I said a brine in
it you don't need to um buy a whole
bunch all at once but you know buy a
little container they last a long time
adding some shredded
parmesan okay I don't think I need all
of that of course how how much is too
much cheese there's never too much
cheese
right go ahead and mix it
up okay so here's how to cook orzo
pretty simple don't stress out about it
I love it it's very fast seems to be
like a rice it's even starting to melt
the cheese so here's your final product
right here okay I love it it's got some
fresh basil so thank you for joining me
letting me teach you how to play with
food and don't forget to check me out at
Chef amy.com
thanks
[Music]