cook the waffle not horizontally what if
we turn it straight up and cook it
vertically that's exactly what we're
going to do and so we're going to come
over here and welcome Chef David Burke
back to QVC good to see you Chef nice to
have you back ni this is something very
very special you bring us something
awesome from quez andart yes quez Art's
been in business since 1972 you say you
like to say since the time of bell
bottom pants that's correct right
correct and what we're talking about is
a fantastic machine that you literally
fill from the top yes this is crazy look
at this the idea of of putting a waffle
machine after so many years straight up
is perfect it doesn't spill it doesn't
stick you get the aroma you get the
Steam and there's no drip pan well Chef
let me tell every real quickly we have
two colors we have this one called
stainless steel we have this one called
Cinnamon Now the cinnamon is more
limited it is also a color made just for
QVC you're also going to get a spatula
from que and art tongs from quez and art
and you get the measuring cup this is
incredibly important because that way
you'll know exactly how much batter to
put into the top look right here on the
side of the screen at the value if you
went to retail to buy this identical
pack up you're looking at
$856 hold on that for a moment because
what we're doing tonight is
$49.98 but I'm not done how about three
easy payments of only $16 and change and
now you may choose stainless steel or
the QVC exclusive color of cinnamon now
let's put this to work and show
everybody how easy it is to create
something special okay the waffle iron
there's three setting there's five
settings for temperature feel this one
nice and crunchy this was cooked on
number three this is the buttermilk
classic waffle uh whipped cream berries
uh maple syrup so that would be a
breakfast waffle okay now you close it
so close it up and let it click let it
click it's got a latch here that does
not get hot it's got a a timer on it and
we actually pour the batter right in the
top and there's no fat Ed no uh and if
you use scoop every time you're never
wrong this scoop is the exact volume you
need to get an air rated Crispy Waffle
now you can put more in right if you
want a denser waffle now I'll also tell
you the little dial is right here as
well so you'll uh turn this between one
and is it six one and five one and five
and you'll also hear a beep when the
machine has come to temperature you'll
hear a second beep when your Waffle's
done that is correct that's awesome
there's no guesswork here and you'll
hear a lot of beeps if you use a lot
very shortly we're going to hear a lot
of beeps right so the other thing we
decided and we found out when we started
playing with is the waffle machine is
not just for waffles this is biscuits
biscuit dough it's a biscuit dough now
you're only putting one at a time Chef I
could put three but I put one in because
I want to use it this it makes I want to
use it as a snack this was this step one
step two oh wait look at this you guys
Chef David bur made me an individual
Pizza I love that I don't have to come
to one of your several restaurants in
the New York area to get you to cook for
me you come to my kitchen that's correct
all right fantastic so we using bread
we're thinking of waffle makers bread we
made a turkey club right here so you're
using the waffle as the bread to make
sandwiches we we're taking the idea of
breakfast only and making lunch and in
fact dinner with with waffles Che can I
tell you one thing right here this Aroma
it's it's you must have vanilla in that
batter I smell vanilla in the batter but
you can also put bacon if you want to
wake somebody up happy oh wait excuse me
did he say bacon it's like you've met me
all right so all about the bacon all
about the great things and ease of
cooking here ease of cooking and and you
can also heat it up you can use just to
heat things up not only this is a whole
green waffle got it now we can put the
Everything spices in that and we can put
smoked salmon and cream cheese on that
now if you don't want them this crispy
you can dial it back you can make them
more cake like and soft I also made them
a little bit ahead and reheated them
right now here's another this a sandwich
this a grilled cheese sandwich so you
got a sandwich press also see you get
this
closed so we're doing a grilled cheese
here is that right yeah now that goes so
Chef why don't we pour one again because
I think everyone's really excited to see
we're we're going to shoot this one
right here so you can see this is the
red velvet cake oh we're going to pour
into this cake in here what we'll show
you that in a moment this is a cornbread
and
jalapeno that one should be done this
one's
done beautiful beautiful that's just how
I like it too look at this Perfecto how
are you doing you're also going to be uh
these two utensils are available as well
well they come with exactly and you guys
this is exactly how I like do we have
butter on the table bun we have butter
we don't have butter cream oh you have
butter behind you here no butter butter
butter I do I I have peanut butter oh
peanut butter I he you like peanut
butter okay I do the stories you've
heard are true um all right so look at
that little peanut butter dessert waffle
how about that drizzle out with some
chocolate syrup not even kidding that
delicious oh Chef it's like I wish for
it and you make it happen there you go
not only that try this it's an
embarrassment of wies wait let's top it
with some whip topping there you
go chocolate
Cheerios you know what you're not doing
you're not wiping the sides of this off
you're making a perfect waffle there's
your individual biscuit waffle help you
out there look at that oh that's a
better way to hold it and you get the
tongs that come with let's go back and
remind everybody what they get with this
this is an extraordinary value Sean how
many are gone now 300 are already spoken
for take a look here you have both
colors we have the stainless steel and
the cinnamon cinnamon is only available
here at QVC we're going to give you Chef
we give the spatula the tongs and this
measuring cup which is so critically
important you cannot or do not need to
worry about a drip pan down here because
it does not leak out of the bottom if
you overfill it it'll come out of the
top it won't come out of the Bott and
it's so light and it's pretty it's it's
it's well built the craftsmanship behind
quez and our products is is
state-ofthe-art and it looks good on
your counter so you don't have to go
digging for it on a Sunday morning and
this is a man who would know he has
built his career and his restaurants on
this kind of culinary knowledge and
working with great equipment that he
knows he can count on and trust and here
we're going to do another uh see and as
you can see we're kicking them out in 3
four minutes is this a whole wheat
waffle it's a whole wheat now what's
also nice about this is that it goes
right down into the waffle iron you
don't have to worry about anything
because gravity does its job isn't that
great so now it goes right into every
nook and cranny no worries about it
spilling out of the bottom because the
only place it could spill out would be
out of the top that is if you overfilled
it but you're going to know pretty
quickly that you've overfill you you can
scrape it and reuse it true that okay so
when this is done this will beep yes
chef that'll beep yes this will be
there's also another very special
feature this is an egg white omelette
completely 100% egg whites poured into
the machine and and cooked very nice egg
white waffle it's an egg white waffle
only egg whites I got olive oil and some
vegetables on it so it makes it very
easy for people that aren sure how to
scramble egg whites this does it for you
top that with some lovely feta cheese
you're ready to roll right so this is
what's great don't miss out on this
opportunity so excited to bring this to
you quart a name you've known and
trusted in the kitchen since 19 1972 yes
so we're talking about a company that
has a long history of doing the right
thing in the kitchen what do we have
here that's that sandwich this is the
grilled a turkey and cheese sandwich
that's crazy again that now not only can
we make that this is a red velvet cake
yeah this is pure chocolate cookie dough
chocolate chip cookie dough oh hold that
still let's show that look at this
that's chocolate chip cookie dough in a
waffle you know it's a big cookie kids
are going to be like but Mom it's a
waffle I can eat it all right
all right that's a David siiz cookie how
many are gone now Sean 600 are now gone
we're very very busy let me remind you
stainless steel or the QVC exclusive
color of cinnamon we're very busy and a
lot of you were taking advantage of that
easy pay Chef David Burke it is always a
pleasure to have you back you know chef
and I did an interview in New York once
and he told me whenever making a
homemade soup right before you serve it
you remember you told me to swirl butter
into the top of the soup giv was an
extra layer of flavor right on top the
man smooth it out thank you you better
believe it with Thanksgiving coming up I
think we'll do that with butternut
squash that's a good idea nice nice idea
thank you sir all right thank you hey
what do you say we solve some problems
coming up