what's up guys welcome to performance
cars so after that epic trip to Germany
where we visited nurur ring and KW
suspension Factory and techart well I
did about 3,000 km in this S2000 so I
finally gave it a good clean and the wax
it deserves and upon doing that when I
came to do the front driver's wheel I
noticed something ex
strange well what can you guys see there
yeah we have a leak at the bottom of
this wheel
so at first I thought oh no it's just a
matter of the bleeder bolt coming a bit
loose and leaking some flu but it's
perfectly dry so I thought okay maybe it
might be the banro
boat no that's completely dry too so I
was scratching my head for a bit
thinking what else can it be and yep you
guessed
it the brake caliper seal has well it's
been compromised and it's leaking you
can just about see it leaking down
there so oh my God imagine if this
happened over in Germany actually I'm
not too sure when it happened so I
quickly ordered some brake
seals so I have these sitting here um
this is what's been compromised so far
so this is your outer Dust Boot It
protects the piston and this seal from
getting debris into it uh this is
obviously split and then after this has
started rubbing against the grit and
whatever's gone inside so I've just
popped the brake seals well the Piston
seals into some brake fluid just so that
it assembles easier and we will need to
bleed the brakes again so we're using
RBF 600 and some silicon grease so I
will be doing both sides of the car at
the front may as well since I ordered a
set and yeah it was just a matter of
popping the Piston out and then
reassembling it and then we should be
good to go as I do have a track day
coming up soon
[Music]
[Music]
all right so we have the driver side
piston off I just give it a good
clean there's no rust on this part so
we're still good we can still use this
which is perfect don't want to be
spending any more money on this but if
you guys have a look at this outer seal
you can see how much it has deteriorated
and obviously is letting the grit into
the inner seal which sits just inside
there if I poke this out you guys should
be able to see
that
here we have the old inner seal um as I
run my fingers through there I am wear
my gloves but I can still feel that
there's quite a bit of grit on this and
yeah I don't know if you guys can see
that it's not 100% perfect so this is
why the caliper was
leaking uh luckily not by a great deal
lucky we spotted it
beforehand um but just for you guys who
have never seen the inside of caliper
literally this is where your brake line
goes and every time you press the brakes
uh it's pushing fluid through there
which as the Pistons sitting inside like
that like so it's pushing the back of it
and it comes out and your brake pads are
here which is pressing against the disc
so I'm now going to reseal it with the
new brake
seals and the outer one and then we
should be able to assemble this
nicely
for
and there we have it one caliper re
built just going to get rid of the
excess brake fluid and brake cleaner and
we're ready to
[Music]
[Music]
assemble
[Music]
I have finally finished changing the
seals on both of the front calipers so I
just take you a quick look around at
what I've done obviously you guys would
have seen what I was doing earlier but
this side's all done now uh no leaks at
all so that's great great I just need to
bleed it because as you can tell the
reservoir is
empty I done this side as well it's all
good to
go new copper washers on the braided
brake
lines and here are the old seals so I
even changed those ones as well because
they were starting to look a bit well
didn't look very nice uh the old copper
washes and this one just split in well
you can tell that's why these were
compromised and grit was getting in ETC
so I at the beginning you most probably
saw how I pushed the Piston out I put
some old brake pads um in where the
calipers are and then just press the
brakes until the Piston popped out
obviously you want to put a bucket
underneath and catch all the fluid still
have to bleed the brakes so I have to do
that in a second but that's more or less
it I use silicon grease uh for the
inside of those slider pins and
obviously copper grease for the edges of
the brake
pads so
yeah I still need to jack up the rear
rear of the car just so that I can bleed
both back brakes as well I might as well
since I'm doing that so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video um I didn't expect to
do this because I thought the brakes
were perfectly fine I mean even though
it was leaking I was still pressing
brakes and the brakes felt firm so I'm
not too sure why well I would have
expected the pedal to go soft or
anything like that but at the nurur ring
it felt completely fine coming back to
the UK it was still good so I'm glad
that this was done I'm glad that nothing
major happened because as you can
imagine well it would have been a
disastrous result but I should be
heading to stisen on the 21st of
November in this S2000 so I'll be doing
a couple of hours there so if you guys
are there don't forget to come by and
say hi follow us on Facebook Twitter and
Instagram take care drive safely and
I'll see you guys soon hey guys welcome
to performance cars so today I have a
mitubishi Lancer Evolution 7 but this is
known as the GTA version so it has an
automatic gearbox it is different to the
usual ones which have a manual 5-speed
gearbox so it's pretty interesting let's
take a look
around