[Music]
okay I've got 8 ounces of partially
frozen flat iron steak here flank steak
works really good flat iron is what I
found at the market I don't like slicing
it too thin but you can SCE it however
thin or thick you like it all right
we're going to marinate our steak first
ingredient rice wine second ingredient
is regular soy sauce just plain old
light soy sauce all ingredients will be
listed below in unders show more got a
pinch of sa and a pinch of sugar now
we're going to mix this
up and then we're going to put in a
little bit of corn
[Music]
starch and we're going to mix this up
until we don't see any more white spots
all right let's get our sauce made up to
some chicken stock I'm going to add some
rice
wine some dark soy sauce now remember
all the ingredients are going to be
listed under the show more info
box got some regular soy sauce
sauce a little bit of
[Music]
sugar a little bit of roasted sesame
[Music]
oil now here I got a pinch of of salt
pinch of white pepper and a pinch of
Chinese five spice powder I only use a
pinch you can add more Chinese five
spice if you want to all right I need to
slice up half of an onion so to start I
got to make half an onion and we're just
going to set this other half to the side
we'll use later and something else and
then we're going to come in here and
we're going to try to evenly slice this
thing the best we can I need uh one bell
pepper today I'm using a red one
sometimes I mix up the colors I'll use
half of a red half of a yellow half of a
green whatever whatever you got whatever
you like it's all up to you anyway we're
going to cut these seeds out and then
what we're going to do is we're going to
cut these into manageable pieces that'll
be easier to mess with in the Walk we're
just going to chop these up kind of
evenly all right I'm just going to give
this garlic Clover a couple of Wax just
kind of mash it down probably should
give it a rough chop but hey I was being
kind of lazy got a slice of Ginger here
that I've already peeled and we're just
going to give it a rough
chop all right I put my beef in a hot
walk with a little bit of oil and after
I do that I let it sit there for a
couple of seconds and it kind of
releases you first put it in there it's
always kind of stuck anyway we're just
going to stir this around and we're
going to cook it till it's about 75 to
80% done that's at the point when most
of the red is off the outside of the
meat
all right most of the red is off the
outside of the meat I mean it still got
some pink spots and such but anyway at
this point what we're going to do is
we're going to take the beef out of the
pan and put it on a plate we took the
beef out we put the water back on the
burner let it warm up putting some more
oil in here we're going to stir that oil
around make sure that oil gets nice and
hot cuz you don't want to put food into
cold oil anyway we're going to put our
onion in the pot
now and we're going to soften these
onions up just a little bit we're not
going for completely mush or brown or
anything like that just until they start
to
soften all right our onions are getting
translucent we're going to go ahead and
we're going to put our garlic and ginger
in here and we'll let that cook for
about a
minute and after about a minute we're
going to put our bell peppers in here
and we're going to cook until
everything's
tender all right when our veggies are
cooked how we want we're going to put
our meat back in the pan and we're going
to go back to cooking finish cooking up
that meat all right so when our meat get
warmed back up we're going to go ahead
and we're going to put our sauce in here
we're going to start to mix that in and
when our sauce comes up to a boil we're
going to add our cornstarch slur that's
simply 1 tbsp of cornstarch 1 tbsp of
water you can use stock if you want to
and whenever it comes to a boil it's
going to thicken the sauce that's in
here doesn't add any flavor or anything
like that so you can use potato starch
or corn starch it's it's all good and
all we're going to do now is we're going
to heat this up and when it gets nice
and thick we're going to BL it and serve
it so how does it
[Music]
taste a hint five spice the meat's nice
and tender give it a
[Music]
try