and welcome back once again with food
calm as you can see I put some beautiful
lamb chops yet let me sort of do the
light fill these up but this is really
quick and easy this step so what we're
going to do is add some salt some black
pepper I've got some dried rosemary
there I've got some dried thyme there
I'm also lucky enough to have some fresh
rosemary and some fresh thyme and go any
with a little lemon juice could use lime
juice if you wanted now put some chopped
garlic it's quite not there
I want used to be really good you know
it's about two teaspoons in total
quality subside onion I'm using the red
you could use white if you want it
simply just give these a little mix
around
oops goodies if you can leave these in
your refrigerator a couple of hours or
even overnight they'll be fantastic I
mean you could straightaway cook please
which is probably why we're going to do
just for demonstration purposes but yeah
overnight cover them with some shrink
wrap or cling film put them in your
refrigerator there be absolutely
delicious even more so than what we're
about to do so did that go if you can
okay I'll see you the next step
okay so as you can see here I've got to
skin it or try and pan I've got one of
those effects the tight bun so you've
just got a flat pan don't worry about
that at all but you don't want to put
anything inside this is gonna juice is
form out we need some really simply
now the balance of our marination not
further away yes we're going to use it a
little bit so you wanna do these for
about four to five minutes on each side
turning them occasionally a few minutes
okay let's just set those aside and
including all this really bad stuff in
here I want to add the extra
vaccinations
so we have to keep stirring it quite
vigorously baby high heat heats right
now you've got an amazing little sauce
there really you know food like really
full of those flavors of the lab we have
it added
sun-dried tomatoes cream and the eyelids
so really quick that took us two minutes
I suppose I'll see you at the table