hey there and welcome to no recipe
required hope you're doing well tonight
I'm going to show you a quick knife
skill demo how to uh how to cut a Julian
cut out of a potato essentially a French
fres shape you know those long batons um
obviously I'm using a potato I'm going
to make some fries later on with them
but you know you can do it with any kind
of vegetable you can do it out of apples
you can do it out of well maybe not any
type of vegetable be tough to do it with
say spinach but any of those root
vegetables any any um you know kind of
fruits like that absolutely Works perf
perfectly let's go ahead and get started
okay so let's go ahead and show you how
to Julian a potato you the Julian cut is
a um like the long kind of french fry
looking cut and chances are the most
likely you're going to do use it for a
potato is making french fries so I've
got a uh my potato here I just peeled it
obviously you can do the same cut
whether you got it peeled or not once I
have the potato we're going to cut it
into planks you know that first guy
comes off as my plank it's h sometimes
easier if you turn the potato now I've
got a little more of a stable base and
cut more planks whatever thickness you
want doesn't really
matter try and make them as even as you
can and once you got your
planks you lay those down on the table
or on your cutting board you can do one
at a time if uh if that's what you're
most comfortable
with right through or you can do a
couple at a time to speed things up once
you get a little more practice in and
then you end up with these nice Julian
Cuts again looks like a french fry going
to taste like a french fry in a little
bit cuz that's what I'm doing I will see
you next time on no recipe
[Applause]
required