all right in this video I'm going to
show you how to clean a tub that is
extremely dirty and hard to get all the
dirt and the black off the bottom this
tub right here as as well as other ones
are acrylic um this one's acrylic and
other ones like it uh that have this
textured bottom tend to after about a
year or two really build up this black
Gunk at the bottom and it sticks to it
and it just looks terrible this tub
right here is pretty clean so you're
looking at your wondering like why is
why am I doing this here well this is
just an example um if you have a tub
that's
extremely like black at the bottom and
you've been scrubbed and you can't get
it off do this method and you'll look
brand new um we did this to about 40
different tubs in a matter of about a
week um and then next year we'll
probably do another one or 200 of these
tubs for for an apartment complex so
we've got some experience doing this and
uh the method that I have Works
absolutely absolutely great and I'll
show you what it is right now so the
method involves power tools so of course
if you you can um do this by hand if you
have just one tub you can go ahead and
give this thing a shot uh you can use
the the method I'm going to show you and
just do one however if you want to save
yourself a considerable amount of time
and put in almost zero effort then I
suggest My Method and that method again
is um have a get a drill the best drill
is a corded drill because if you use a
cordless drill you'll run out the
battery in in probably 20 minutes max
you know um and then you're going to use
this brush uh this is called the
revolver I got this thing on Amazon um I
think it's about $30 $40 or you can go
on their website right here uh I'll try
to link it Revolver drillbrush dcom They
also have a few other models I think
some shorter ones harder bristles softer
bristles um again I'm not really sure
which one which one this is It's called
The Revolver and it works amazing it
doesn't work just for tubs you can use
it on um on the grout as well and you
can just angle it into the grout so if
you have some nasty grout use this exact
same method I'm going to show you um in
the grout with this brush and you'll be
you'll be going in no time what we're
going to use is we're going to use
barkeeper friend you can find barkeeper
friend absolutely anywhere Walmart Home
Depot Lowe's uh really anywhere
um since it is an acid it'll mess up
your skin and everything else uh right
there caution contains oxic Ox whatever
some kind of acid um either way don't
let it touch you don't let it inhale it
don't get in your eyes none of that
stuff um after one day I thought I was
going to you know I thought it was not a
big deal um after using this one day my
fingers completely dried out cracked and
were very painful for about a week after
just using this so if you're going to be
using this for multiple days days
definitely definitely definitely get
some gloves so let me show you what
we're going to do um actually before I
get that on there what pretty much we're
going to do is we're going to put this
all over the bottom of the tub and then
we're going to uh drill out the bottom
of the tub and so since this is a um a
powder you can't just put the powder on
the bottom and then start drilling or
it's going to kick the powder all over
the place you're going to breathe it in
get in your eyes you're going to have a
bad day so what you want to do is you
want to turn it into a paste and then
let that paste kind of coat the bottom
of the tub and then we'll drill out that
paste that paste will attach the dirt
we'll get the dirt right out so the best
way to do this is to get it wet so what
I like to do go ahead turn on your
[Music]
shower and get the whole bottom wet just
a nice one
time quickly um no need to you know no
need to rinse anything out nothing like
that get the bottom wet now take your
barkeeper spr friend and sprinkle it all
over the place kind of gets um kind of
gets stuck to the bottom of this can
once in a while there we go um sprinkle
it all around now you notice it's kind
of now it's kind of wet won't kick up as
much however what you need to do next is
take a drill you know press it down a
little bit get the slow speed don't go
don't you know don't go crazy don't go
fast right away slow speed and mix it in
so just mix in
your powder with the water that we just
put on there and get a
[Music]
paste now you can see it's all bubbled
up and ready to go and now we're just
going to kick it into high gear and
clean the
tub and now one thing you might have
mentioned you might saw there how this
thing is out of control well this thing
is these bristles are so long this thing
is really hard to control so what I
found to be the best is use two hands
and go that
and of course I didn't even take my own
advice putting on some
gloves so let me go ahead and put these
gloves right back
on and again and let's go back
town
and so as you can see it's all mixed in
there it's all good you might have to do
this two times um so go ahead and run
your tub
again run your shower one more
time rinse everything off um you
probably can't see the camera but now it
looks absolutely spotless and if you see
any problem areas just put a little
repeat the method just on those little
problem areas and your tub will look
absolutely brand new so that's the
method barer friend the revolver cord to
drill you're good to go thanks for
watching