hi I'm Alex from first garden products
and today I'm going to show you how to
install flexi bordered garden edging
here we have our border here and
flexiboard it can bend up to 70 degrees
it's matron recycled rubber also making
the product eco-friendly all we want to
do is bend our flexi border around our
beds puffs and warms so this particular
lon it could go either way in there into
the into the water into the soil or it
can go this way
either way is absolutely fine depending
how you like it to look
I personally would have my flexors board
it short this way allowing the lawn
mower to go smoothly across the top no
need for me as you can see here in the
flexi border we have five holes there
and in your pack you'll have five pegs
provided so all we do is we slaughter
peg into one of the holes using a
standard hammer and that's now secured
in place and then bend the flexiboard it
to around your lawn or your paths
Winterbourne or into soil is absolutely
fine I'm off to mess about concrete if
you drill the hole there beforehand
that's no problem at all either and here
at the end of the flexi border we can
also put on pendants here also provided
and all we do there is connect to the
next flexi border and we can get that
looking great along the lawn
plates the border is available in four
colors that's brown gray red and black
it's available numbers in and don't
forget to Like us on Facebook thank you
very much