[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to the
kitchen I'm your kitchen beautician
Robin McDonald today's video is how to
use beer when washing your hair and I
know I'm Irish there's a lot of people
out there I know that would um protest
using a good beer to uh shampoo your
hair with but it's the uh the great
proteins in the The Malt and the Hops
that help to rebuild and repair hair so
we love to use beer in the hair today's
recipe you're going to need a nice uh
glass bowl a measuring cup some of your
own shampoo I like a nice sulfate free
shampoo that you pick up at the health
food store um a half of a lemon I use a
little tea strainer to strain that lemon
juice and of course a good fermented
beer now I've got this great stout beer
that was actually fermented with bananas
a while back I did a video um using a
banana peel and almond milk to do a hair
conditioner it really turned out to be
great so when I found this um great uh
Stout that was made with bananas I
thought oh that's perfect for our recipe
so um what you're going to need is about
a half a cup of
[Music]
beer take a little bit of your own
shampoos I said just eyeball it you know
tablespoon or
so whisk it up you know I love my whisk
who needs a blender when you have a good
whisk in the house um half the juice I'm
sorry the juice of half a
lemon I forgot to use my tea strainer
but I can see that there's
no uh seeds in there and this I picked
up at you know um the local Beauty
Supply it's a squeegee kind of a thing
and I really like this for any DIY home
care products because um just makes it
so easy to use and you can really part
the hair and use this specific um you
know uh applicator to get right into the
scalp and then work it down to the ends
of the hair so this beautiful beer
shampoo will last in your fridge for
about 5 days so you get a lot of good
use out of it um some recipes will say
to use a flat beer I like to uncork a
beer and throw it in there for the ever
vescent it's up to you in any event try
it you're going to love it your hair is
going to be silky shiny there's nothing
like a good beer shampoo thanks for
joining me in the kitchen I'm your
kitchen beautician Robin McDonald visit
me at Beauty highway.com and I'll see
you
[Music]
soon