[Music]
hey garfanax today I'm going to be
walking you guys through how I wash my
car let's get started so I use a two
bucket system where I have a separate
bucket for the clean soapy water and a
separate bucket which I'm going to use
to rinse my wash mitt inside each bucket
I'm using a grit card this basically
traps the dirt and debris at the bottom
of the bucket so you don't mix it back
into your water and get it onto your
wash mitt
for my soap I'll be using mother's wash
and wax I'm not too particular on what
type of soap I use in my car as long as
I'm using a Quality Automotive soap
I'll also be using a microfiber wash
mitt which is great for picking up dirt
and debris and trapping it in the
microfibers this is going to prevent you
from rubbing that dirt onto your paint
to dry the vehicle I'll be using
Chemical Guys gray matter waffle weave
drying towel and finally I'll be using a
separate bucket to wash my wheels your
wheels have a lot of brake dust which is
extremely abrasive so you want to use a
separate bucket I have an assortment of
different brushes for getting inside the
wheelbarrows in addition I'll be using
different size sponges just to get into
all the nooks and crannies and finally
I'll be using this brush to clean my
tires
I want to first start by cleaning the
wheels if you wash your car first and
then you clean the wheels you could
potentially leave water spots behind as
the water in your car is drying
[Music]
next we're going to start by rinsing
your car so you can knock off any loose
dirt and free
as you're washing your car make sure all
the panels remain wet
when it's time for you to wash your car
start from the top and work your way
down this is going to prevent any dirt
and soapy water from getting on panels
you've already cleaned also the lower
half of your vehicle tends to be the
dirtiest if you started there you'd be
more likely to pick up dirt along the
way which would then get rubbed on the
rest of your car
when washing a section flip over your
wash mitt routinely when you're done
with that section rinse it off
then clean your wash mitt in your rinse
bucket before putting it back into your
clean soapy water bucket after you wash
your roof and your windows you want to
start by washing the top half of the
rest of your car I'm doing this by
washing the top half of the sides along
with the trunk the hood and the fenders
[Music]
once you're done washing the top half
you can move on to the lower half of
your vehicle I start with the front
bumper along with the sides of the
vehicle and I finish off by washing the
back bumper
[Music]
now it's time to dry your car but before
you do that rinse off your car to make
sure you got off all the soap and any
dirt left over this is also going to
prevent water spots
now it's time to dry the car take your
drying towel and start with the windows
first because microfiber works best when
it's wet
to dry a car I recommend using your
drying towel to blot the water from your
car this is going to prevent swirling
because you're not actually rubbing the
drying towel on your paint
[Music]
once you're done drying your car you can
finish it off by opening the doors and
cleaning out the door jambs
[Music]
finally take your favorite Tire dressing
and just shine up the tires and now
you're all done
[Music]