hi everybody this is Keisha welcome
welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome
to my channel you guys so today you guys
I'm so excited to share with you I'm
boxing I have a mannequin wig stand and
I would like to share this with you guys
I got it from Amazon I have two days
shipping because I am a prime member yes
y'all I said Prime member I take
advantage of all their services so you
guys already opened the box because I
want to make sure that everything was in
the box I didn't want to come on video
some things was missing and they you
know system you look stupid so inside of
that box you guys you get another box
that's white like this you guys and what
you have to do is open up this and the
movie got you guys so if you're going to
like hair school and you want to carry
your stand with you because a lot of the
hair schools don't have stands like this
they just have the regular clamp you can
just take this to school look put it on
their back and look pretty pretty pretty
it's even if you're going to your
friend's house or you have like if you
teaches somebody else I kind of braid
how to do different things and you need
a mannequin stick you can purchase this
from amazon.com back and I like the way
it has this here I like the way it's not
big and bulky it's not heavy you guys so
that's what I love so you just take it
off of this right here and then it comes
in this plastic right here you guys so
I'm gonna take the plastic for it
already I could tell bad I would like it
because it's very very lightweight and
ice you always want something with
lightweight so what you have to do is
basically I guess openness like this you
guys and pull this down you see you can
go like this and pull it down you can
have it like this if you want to there
are locks here you guys to lock it you
can
look at this guy's come on now look at
this look at this look at this guys look
at this look at this look at this you
guys look at this
pay attention look at this so what I'm
going to do now you ghazals I'm going to
just basically leave it like this
because I'm trying to show you exactly
how you can use this stand so anyway I'm
going to put it like this for now and
what you would do is you will put this
in this like this and then you would
screw this part on like this look how
fast and simple and easy is this your
right straight out the box right
straight off the box so there you have
it so look at you guys and I'm gonna
press you straight down and it doesn't
come off it doesn't come off you guys it
doesn't come off you can still you can
loosen it if you want to it has a thing
here when you can loosen the crap clamp
if you want to you guys so I think this
is very cute she ready she ready how you
doing
so that's for this stand you guys so now
I wanna show you if you have a phone
let's see if this will work I didn't try
this on either so with the phone you
guys you would have to put a little Eva
tape or something on it just to make it
a little thicker saran wrap tape
whatever you know you can feel but see
you just have to put something there
holding okay
your manager dummy laughing at my
mannequin yard my granddaughter done
jacked her up so I am order another one
that's another thing I do get them more
for Amazon - or a double good places to
get it is to Walmart Walmart it's the
people job to gives you the business now
I do think this stand is good for if you
want to basically sit down on the couch
or chair and you want to do a wig or do
a weave and you want to style your hair
and you don't want to stand up this is
good if you're sitting on the floor also
if you're sitting on your bed you can
have it lower to you just like this if
you want to put it on a stool or a table
when I first started the video I hadn't
won a stool it's also good on a table so
I actually really like this one you guys
I'm thinking about getting me another
kind you know I want to have several
different ones so I think it's cute I
think I had a good purchase can't
complain
so it's on the floor I can kneel down I
can get some pillows whatever I want to
use to actually do the hair whatever
type of style that I want to use which
is great because you know sometimes when
you're doing here you don't want to be
standing all day doing here now some
time away it takes a while to me so you
just want to be comfortable as you're
doing what you needed to do so anyway I
do like to stand once again I got this
stand from amazon.com I will put it in
the link so anyway you guys thanks so
much for watching see you next time bye
now