so this is pork loin it's been brined in
salt and spices for 12 days we just
submerged it in dry core salt uh fennel
seed and black pepper corn quite a lot
of each I mean it had to be covered
completely this is a pork loin roast
essentially and uh we put it in a bucket
and we kept it for 12 days in the salt
at room temperature so this has cured
significantly uh probably a liter and a
half so about a quart and a half of Li
liquid has come out of it here it is you
can see it's quite
firm it's very remarkably firm I mean
the liquid is out of this
thing you could probably eat it uh at
this stage though I don't think it would
have much of a shelf life at room
temperature H however if you hung it
properly at a good you know i' say uh 45
or 50 in this state here for quite some
time uh and again I'm not uh well versed
in curing Meats but I do have some
experience in it uh I believe though
that if you were to hang this piece
after having been cured in salt for 12
days or two weeks approximately um you
could hang this thing at a temperature
of as I said 45 to 55 degrees for uh you
know 3 months even longer perhaps and
you make get some sort of Decay on the
outside perhaps mold on the outside and
this is typical with Pudo and other
products like this uh they will get
moldy on the outside but that's not uh
that's not really anything to worry
about you merely cut that layer off and
then uh the meat is ready to be used it
can be refrigerated at that stage but
what we're going to do is we're going to
smoke this meat um that's why I'm tying
uh these Loops into it I basically just
put a knife through and then rammed a
chopstick uh through the Flesh and I'm
putting some uh Loops through it because
we're going to hang it in our smoker and
uh smoke it for 12 hours consistently
the temperature is going to be about 175
to 200 a little bit cold it's cold
outside but nonetheless it's going to
get exposed to a lot of
smoke so here it is it's with our uh
turkey legs and we have some turkey
drummets finished after 12 hours it's
hanging we're going to hang it for 17
days and now you see this is the result
it's uh quite dried out very hard I've
cut it with a knife and I've been able
to cut it very very thinly which uh just
to describe to you if if the meat were
flexible if it weren't so dry wouldn't
be able to slice it so thinly with a
with a plain knife it's quite salty but
it's extremely tasty the fennel seed and
the black pepper corn did penetrate it
and um I believe that you could hold
this at room temperature for quite some
time had we not cut it it would be uh
fine to consume uh after months I
suspect uh being held at cooler than
room temperature perhaps 17 degrees
CS so I think this is a wise thing to
have around or at least have the skill
to produce because the lights go out or
the price of electricity go uh through
the roof then you have the ability to
produce something like this for yourself
and it's a longlasting protein Source I
wouldn't eat it all day every day for
the nitrates and salt but it's uh it's
valuable skill to have you can see it's
quite
hard it's well done