hi folks this is danok uh just giving
you a quick demo of this polishing file
after a couple years of design I think
we've got it down pretty good originally
just designed to polish my mammoth ivory
grips I'm a knife maker but also a uh
1911 grip maker focusing primarily on
mammoth ivory and elephant Ivory and
what I found is customers they get the
grips they they they love them it's got
that beautiful gloss finish to it and
then over time it gets dull the Polish
is gone and what they were having to do
is send them mail them back to me I put
them on my polishing wheel with green
Rouge polish it up sent it back to them
and uh the whole process started over
again so I was frustrated for my
customers not having a better way to
keep that polish on their Ivory and uh
so been designing this polishing file uh
again the green side here on this file
that'll bring it to a luster that's
about uh 2,000
grit uh the white side is uh is 10,000
grit but it's been pregnated with
diamond dust so it brings it up to about
20,000 grit it's it's a certain
thickness that allows a certain stiff
movement of it and in essence it gives
it the right pressure to help polish
your Ivory uh without much effort so
let's take a look first thing is we have
a pair of uh mammoth iory grips this one
you can probably see it's got a nice
gloss to it and I just finished doing
that with my
file uh grips are made yesterday worked
on them this morning and Polished this
one up you can see this one's pretty
dull and lifeless so I'm going to take
my polishing
file and we're going to start with the
green side and just work it back and
forth you can see me bowing it that's a
good pressure to have but you can't hurt
you can't hurt the ivory
you certainly can't hurt the file so
we're just going to go real quick here
um you might need to spend three or four
minutes uh to get back that high polish
depending on just how dull and how many
scratches we're going to move over to
the white back and forth you might hear
a little squeaking in
there that's telling me I'm really
getting a good
polish I've seen it happen time and time
again once I have a high polish on a
pair of grips like if I go to the Tulsa
want to makeer show uh a dealer will
spend uh pay me $50 to $100 more on a
pair of grips that has a high polish as
opposed to a pair that has no polish at
all there you're seeing some nice gloss
I can continue to work this again no way
to hurt the ivory uh you can see I'm
bowing the file and just letting it do
the work not trying to dig in with my
finger just Bo the file and going across
again no way to hurt it and you get that
nice uh polish back there you go I think
that's showing up there get that back in
your grips even my Kimber Ultra
cdp2 uh it had been getting dull after a
while I went ahead and Polished the
right side you can see I'm get a nice
gloss on this elephant Ivory on my
pistol this side dull and
lifeless I already used the green side
for a minute or two just to speed up but
again if I'd work with the the
white and you can hear that squeaking a
little
bit and what we're doing is we're
getting that gloss back there we go it's
coming back I mean didn't you need to
work this I would tell you to probably
remove the grips from the pistol because
we really don't want to wear the finish
off on the screws um but for my purposes
of this demo I was just showing you how
this file works even while grips are on
the
pistol
one of my customers tried it out on
Damascus I made a pair of uh Damascus
grips um over the weekend and you can
see this one has a real nice high gloss
on it just finished using my polishing
file this still kind of dull still a
little bit lifeless so I'm going to go
ahead and take my polishing file going
to start out with
white and just go over this
thing
and there you go it's all coming
back so we' got a nice
gloss on this
Damascus I would suggest if you're going
to be doing Ivory and Damascus that you
get two files because uh you can see
this file is starting to get dirty it
pulls the carbon the dirtiness out of
the Damascus get you that high gloss but
we don't want to transfer that dirt to
Ivory so I'll switch to a different um
switch to a different um file so uh it
also works on uh stainless steel you can
see that's nice and glossy this side
probably doesn't show as well but again
showing you if I'm using the white
side the white side there is just no way
to really hurt your file hurt the knife
um go over the
bolsters even go over the handle and
it's going to put a nice high gloss back
into
uh into your knife so not only you're
able to polish a knife and again when
you go to a uh a a knife dealer to sell
your knife for you um having a nice
polish on your blade and your handle
you're going to probably get about $50
to $100 more for your knife than you
would if it's all dull same thing with
grips a dull lifeless pair of grips with
no gloss on
them uh you probably prob lose $50 to
$100 if you went to sell those either
with your pistol or without but with
this file you can bring that gloss back
and keep your grips in a pristine
condition it also helps um uh preserve
the life of the grips because you're
you're actually sealing the pores up
getting that gloss on there so it's it's
good to use that too uh works for
elephant Ivory as I showed you on my
Kimber Ultra
cdp2 uh elephant ey really polishes up
nice when you use this file again the
file uh has a green side that brings the
ivory to a luster and then a white side
that brings it to the high gloss and
it's been specifically designed to have
the right amount of stiffness so that if
you use it it's a bow and you can even
practice polishing one of your
fingernails if you want to see how high
gloss you get on your fingernails at the
last night show women were buying this
just to polish their nails while their
husband was selling their knives at the
uh at the show so uh to the specifics
it's $4 for one of these
files uh if you buy more than one two or
more it's
$3 so you can simply go to my website
www.d.com
and uh go on there and Order yourself
some of these polishing files again
it'll save you a bunch of money and you
won't need to ship any your grips or
knives to get that polish back you can
do it yourself just put in about 5 six
minutes and that file will do the trick
for you thanks a bunch bye