hi Leo tuna pika red velvet pancakes
I'm dr. E and welcome to my channel for
the ingredients we're going to need all
purpose flour cocoa unsweetened cocoa
not to be confused to drinking chocolate
this red food color I use one by the
name of P for our pond so for our red
baking soda not baking powder so baking
soda is also labeled bicarbonate of soda
oil for frying granulated sugar 2 eggs
Mizzou Amala and vanilla essence
we'll start by mixing in the dry
ingredients so in a large bowl add your
flour cocoa red food color baking soda
and the sugar so we just mix it then
part in the buttermilk in the same cup
I'm just going to break in my egg one by
one
always remember to beat in your eggs
separately so add number 1 egg number 2
finally your vanilla essence so using
using a whisk or I wooden spoon no need
for fancy equipment just incorporate
everything mix everything until combined
I've added more Monsieur Mallah this is
a bit of preference so if you want your
pancakes to be a bit lighter you add
more mala you want them to be a bit
fluffier thicker you reduce the amount
of mana used so you just mix until
incorporated don't overwork the pancake
batter we will let this rest for 15
minutes then we'll cook this beauties
heat up your skillet or pan add some
little oil
that's about a tablespoon or so
you on the oil to be hot to heat up
before you add in the pancake butter
also I use a cup this is a quarter cup
measure to measure out my butter so that
the pancakes are generally the same size
once the oil is hot enough we are ready
to put in our pancakes the butter just
spread it out
I like using the big time since I can
cook more than one pancake otaku once
this bubble starts forming we are ready
to flip trypophobia a lot so yeah flip
our pancakes there you go
so we cook the other side we do this for
the rest of the butter then I'll show
you how I stop them so just dusting off
with some icing sugar if you have
finally or whatever Serapis you're not
pancakes
this is the best time to drizzle it I
have needles which it is at me
[Music]
delicious likes chocolate flavor very
fluffy because and soft because of the
Muslim Allah guys try this recipe link
is in the description box below thank
you so much for tuning in and from me
get ready
quackety