now hi there YouTube welcome to another
pie model d minify a video and today
we'll be talking about how long you
should run your d middle fire and this
is the help of two beautiful models you
have the the the the shorter curvy dealt
in the medium term and the the taller
elegant meiko's a b c d di tell the dem
ten is actually a compressor
dehumidifier and the amico is a
desiccant dehumidifiers and so there are
two types but i also want to talk about
two different types well funnily enough
now the dem tim is a manual the demon
fire whereas the miko is a automated the
humidifier normally when people talk
about the two types of the team it fires
they talk about the compressor type in
the desiccant type but in this case
we're going to talk about the manual
type and the automated type to say not
all compressor the humidifiers are
manual and not all desiccant
dehumidifiers are automated basically
the more you spend the more advanced the
feature you you'll get the most of the
top and the humidifiers have
energy-saving technology which will save
you money which which I'll explain in
this video but first we'll just look at
the dev team which is a manual
dehumidifier so the best approach to
work out how long to run the Tim 10 is
to buy a cheap damping meter well
actually have a link to six of the best
diameters in the link below this video
and this is basically how to use the
d'ampton or a manual dehumidifier so
what I would do is I'd have to get my
damn meter I have one but my wife
actually took it to work to see how
humid her off
so I said to bring it back but she
hasn't been anyway so what I do is I
take my that meter I'd see how humid the
the room is so say it's maybe 68 percent
relative humidity then what I do is I
turn it on up all the way full bore
power power power and that will you
bring your humidity down as fast as
possible so here it says continuous hmm
I don't know how to focus but that's
what it says continuous so it's
operating at full power leave it on full
power until it brings the humidity down
down down until you have maybe at about
maybe between 55 and 60 percent then
what I do is I would turn this down a
bit to just to just be K a random spot
but but maybe not too low so so maybe if
I have it here then I'll just leave it
running on the on the sitting here until
the the humidity changes I might go back
higher 60 62 % or I might stay the same
or a mindful die maybe to maybe say 56
or 55 if the humidity Rises that means
you you just have to turn it up up more
if the humidity stays the same leave it
if the humidity falls then then then
then you'll be able to turn it down a
bit more I suppose you could maybe run
us until the humidity is even or by even
I mean your set level you know your
target level and then you can turn the
the the humidifier off but then maybe
maybe turn it back on maybe once the
dead meter says that the humidity has
risen over a certain level so I probably
definitely turn it on if the humidity is
over 60%
and I probably trying to turn the the
humidifier office if the humidity is at
50% well say maybe between 58 and 55 in
the in the winter you might go a small
bit lower say maybe between about 45 or
50 but just make sure the air isn't too
dry so that's how I would handle that
just basically use a damp meter to
monitor the situation and then once you
have your Tigers humidity level reached
then I would turn the the manual the
humidifier off so that's that all the
students pick up and then we have your
automated dehumidifier which is great
this is a me code and Myka have a energy
saving system which they call control
logic basically with the miko you can
just leave it running all all of the of
the time basically what happens is is
this so i can basically set the humidity
level to reach say 50% and the the
humidifier will work until the humidity
drops down to 50% then using the
energy-saving technology the
dehumidifier turns itself off for for
half an hour so basically the unit isn't
operating for half an hour then it turns
itself back on for five minutes and that
sense is the the humidity level in the
air if the humidity level has risen it
will automatically turn itself back on
in the most appropriate setting and in
the most efficient setting for both
extraction and energy usage so it's
actually a very very smart machine if it
will then work to bring the humidity
back down until the target humidity
level is reached and then it will turn
itself off again automatically for half
an hour after which it will sense the
air for five minutes
etc
it's been up for half an hour and
necessity air for five minutes if the
humidity level has fallen or stay the
same then the the dehumidifier will turn
myself off again for half an hour before
it senses the air for for five more
minutes so it's actually very very
energy-efficient if the humidity level
stays the same rent by the same then
this unit will only operate for four ten
minutes out of every hour at a very low
fan speed so that this issue so that
it's actually much more efficient than
this but that's nothing
nothing against the temp 10 the the 10
10 10 is much more affordable whereas
the macao energy-efficient range it
would be more expensive especially these
NBC which has got lots more features so
that's basically how long to run for and
you can basically leave the zambezi on
all of the time because it'll be very
energy-efficient once it reaches your
set humidity level you have to be more
more proactive for manual the
humidifiers so I hope that helps if you
have any more questions just maybe leave
a comment in the in the comment section
below and if you like this video if you
found it helpful please like it and if
if you want more tips more handy the
humidifier tips either with a purchase
cost savings or energy cost savings or
how to make the more efficient just
maybe subscribe and we'll see you in the
next video ok thanks a lot