hey everyone my name is Betsy and my
Thanksgiving cactuses I really wanted to
fit it in I'm sorry I needed to show you
today I'm doing a video about psychics
elastica care my subscriber Amira Hadar
asks for me to do a video about rubber
tree plans so I'm doing a video about
rubber tree plant
I have ficus robusta it's a rubber tree
plant but it has thicker fuller leaves
and then I have a little variegated
rubber tree plant which is such a slow
grower but it's really cute and charming
so how did what my psychic for thus says
a fun story I was home alone with the
cats my husband was gone many errands
and I heard a knock at the door which is
already weird because if you hear a
knock at the door that means that
somebody has gotten into the building
without permission because you have to
ring to get into the building they've
gotten into the building without
permission and then they just napkin on
people's doors so they go to the door
and look at the peephole and there's
nobody there hey the light is on there's
nobody out there I'm looking in the gun
for the gut full a minute and then
through the peephole I see an arm come
over knock on the door and then
disappear
and I was like Burt somebody is knocking
on the door and then hiding to trick me
into opening the door that is scary and
I mean they just keep you looking
through the peephole
this goes on for like three minutes the
person knocks on the door multiple times
I'm freaked out like on the verge of
calling the police I have no idea what's
going on but I'm pretty sure that I'm
this close to getting murdered
and then the person leans over one more
time and I catch a glimpse of his face
and it's my husband so I throw open the
door
put the little plant on the doormat and
he was hoping that I would just walk up
to the door throw it open like I had
never seen a true criminal documentary
series and then I would find these cute
little plants sitting on the doormat
like the plant had knocked on the door
but instead it was like terrified for
five seconds away from calling the
police and wondering who was trying to
trick me into opening my door so that
they could savagely murder me anyway
back to FICA the last good care
super-easy planet to take care of you
won't even you don't even have to give
it any thought it does well in bright
and direct light it can take some full
Sun but you don't want to leave it
roasting in you know a west-facing
window during the hottest hours of the
afternoon if the light levels are too
low the leaves will get kind of thin and
like far parts that starts looking a bit
wiry so it doesn't mean a lot of right
than direct light you can put them in a
north south east or west facing the note
but they might not get enough light in
the north they scream window unless
they're like right up against the glass
in which case when it gets cold outside
you're gonna want to move it away from
the glass a little bit so that the
leaves don't freeze they like high
humidity but they will do fine and right
because our household humidity it
shouldn't harm the money they're not as
sensitive as like kallithea zuhr prayer
plants so they should be fine they're
ideal temperature range is 70 to 80
degrees Fahrenheit which is like 21 to
27 degrees Celsius household range it's
where you want your home to be they do
really well in the summer and as long as
the house is nice and warm in the winter
they're gonna do just fine when it comes
to watering this plant don't overdo it
stick your finger in the soil make sure
that at least the first top inch of soil
early 3 centimeters of soil is dry and
then give it a go if the leaves begin to
yellow and drop then that is a sign of
over watering they need a quick draining
soil so a safe bet would be one part
peat moss one part perlite
something that's really well aerated you
could use a cacti and succulents I can
bile it blend for example something
that's just not too compact
it won't become like a hard tough clay I
have heard that they do okay when
they're a little bit root bound so you
don't need to be in a great hurry to
repot them every year you just need to
repot them if you start seeing the roots
come through the holes in the bottom for
example or if you take it out of the pot
a little bit and you see like a rat's
nest of roots it's time to repot they
don't require a lot of fertilizer I
would say use half diluted house plant
fertilizer every four weeks otherwise
they could experience leaf burn pretty
quickly
they're kind of sensitive to fertilizer
and you don't have to fertilize them
very often at all and another note about
these is that the SAP that they create
like if you were to cut the stem it
would create like a milky substance that
is a real irritant and it's toxic if
it's ingested by humans or plants so if
you have a plant chewer like a cat or a
dog that eats plants this is not the
plant for you because it could really
cause your pet to get sick if they
ingest it and if you get it on your
hands you'll want to wash them right
away with soap and water because it'll
cause a rash it's not very it's not very
pleasant
and one more thing that's really cool
that has absolutely nothing to do with
keeping these as plants in your
household in the wild they're actually
dependent on one very specific insect
called a fig wasp in order to pollinate
and create fruit and survive as a
species the fig wasp and the ficus
elastica tree have evolved together for
millions of years they depend on one
another just who exist if the fig tree
didn't exist the wasp wouldn't exist and
vice versa it's really cool and if you
are interested in things like that then
you should put the links out there
because it's a really cool thing to
learn about but I won't dive too deeply
into it since I'm just a houseplant baby
and I am NOT an entomologist so so
that's my quick hair guide for ficus
Alaska super easy plan to take care of
bright and direct light Sun full Sun
will do it some good don't love your
water make sure the first third of the
soil is dried out before you give it
another water it likes high humidity but
regular household humidity should do it
just fine don't over fertilize keep it
on the light side and lastly the sap is
an irritant so do be careful don't get
it on your skin thank you so much for
watching if you have any comments or
questions or suggestions for future
videos feel free to leave them in the
comments below I'll definitely get back
to you I just want to thank you for
watching if you enjoyed this video you
want to see other plant videos feel free
to check out my channel or subscribe to
my channel and thank you have a good
I'll see you soon