hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you another easy recipe matai these are
great to have as a snack have with tea
pack in your bag pack for the kids take
around you get the drift what a terrible
intro I'm sorry start with one and 1/2
cups of flour I used allpurpose flour
and then 1/4 teaspoon of baking powder
and 1 teaspoon of instant yeast I then
added one egg and enough coconut milk to
bring you know to form a dough just add
a little at a time until you can see
your dough come together like so you
then want to add clean foam and let it
rise takes about maybe 40 minutes I'd
say then lightly dust your countertop
and roll out your
dough into a disc shape you then want to
cut out strips let's say cut them about
about an inch or an inch and a half I
made these a bit too
big I was trying to
experiment out of the norm you then want
to cut out diamond shapes if you feel
like yours are looking funky and not
Diamond
like like I did there just cut one flip
it over and cut in the
center once your oil is hot and ready
you then want to just toss them all in
there and keep moving them around until
they
Brown like so and once they look like
that you're ready to add them to your
sugar
syrup recipe for the sugar syrup is
available on my website it does work
better to have a bigger pan so pour all
your mati than your sugar syrup and just
using a wooden spoon mix them around
your heat should be on medium to low and
once it looks like so go switch it off
and stop don't go overboard otherwise
they'll get really rock hard and that's
all you have to do I hope you enjoyed
this tutorial if you haven't subscribed
do hit subscribe and love hearing back
from you so do leave a comment in the
comment section happy cooking