okay so that's our roof deck on all
we've got to do now is run our barge
cappings down each side putting the
labor and flashing up the top here pop
the gutter around in the end and that's
the back of this for incomplete so I'll
cut out trim deck roof on we've got our
top deck membrane on once we put these
flashings in that's pretty much it we
watertight
it's a little bit of cladding left to
finish off pop into Windows we're at
lookup stage coming on nicely
I'm going to show you how to cut in some
roof flashings you only really need your
snips set square and a pencil but you
mark it out and you can start cutting so
I'll show you a few little tricks to
make it nice and easy to get these
flashing cut in
you just trim the lines off as well
grease it make it easier those up in
these engine a little bit theory that
you just fold up to where does all right
so that's a pretty good fit so they do a
little bit of panel bleeding to get it
into place now let me do is drop this
nozzle over the top I've been sneaking
around it
pop some rivets into it once the novelty
in position let's go to drive Riveter
the other worker that's not paid on come
back light after seal
okay so when you're doing your guttering
one thing you want to remember is to
have plenty of fall what I like to do is
attach one got a bracket at the far end
of the beam and then they got a bracket
at the other end keeping one up on the
high side close to the underside of the
suit as possible and then down where the
downpipe is going to be having enough
for so this is about 4 meters long as
boom I've given it about 40 mil for loop
so it's about 10 millimeters per meter
which is more than enough once you get
each got a bracket on the end
either pull the string line through or
flick a chalk line like I've done here
and that way each intermediate bracket
all you have to do is fix at the short
line or string line to get the nice
straight line through there another
thing you remember she's making sure you
turn down the sheets reasonably do that
is to stop any capillary action at the
water running back up when the sheets
are laying pretty flat sometimes we can
get that do or a light rain where the
water will come down on the track back
up inside the shoe so by turning that
down that allows any water just sitting
at the end is the drop straight down the
gutter
here we have it beautiful all I do now
is probably put a couple of tacks up the
back of the gutter so it doesn't roll
and then we're good to go
once I get a posts bow posts into the
ground of the drop in the down pipe and
then we're all done