I was thinking M it's a beautiful day to
enjoy an ice cream I agree yeah totally
[Music]
agree nerd
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
welcome to distort the show where we
beat up nerds in slow motion no it's not
this is the show where we distort time
to show you things you might otherwise
Miss with the human eye I'm David I'm
Marcio and today we're going to show you
how you can slow down a yo-yo
bully yo yo yo yo clever yo mean ice
cream um I owe you I owe you one ice
cream you owe me ow me a yo-yo because
that messed up did it mess up your yo-yo
that yo-yo is good it was lactose
intolerant today we're talking to Dr
popular AKA doc pop a multi-talented San
Francisco based artist so you are a uh
comic book artist you are phenomenal
experimental photographer you do some
awesome Game Boy music and and iOS
[Music]
music you decided that wasn't geeky
enough you you geeked it up a little bit
more and uh you are a professional yo-yo
professional yo-yo professional yo-yo
professional yoyoer profession y nerd
level very high up there you cranked it
up to 11 and here's what nerd level
level 11 looks like when time is
[Music]
distorted from what I understand you're
ranked number three in in Cuba uh third
in the world third in the world yeah not
just not third world champion I am third
in the world pleas for big hand for Doc
so there's this thing called the world
yoyo contest that happens different
places it was in Orlando I competed uh
people came from all around the first
two places were from Japan so it's like
very technical just trying to speed your
way through as many tricks as possible
but then if you do something
successfully that people haven't seen
before that's brand new uh then that's
going to really help out and and that's
kind of what I'm known for is making up
a lot of
tricks it's cool you see it in slow
motion and uh a lot of a lot of what
you're doing this yo-yoing is uh is
motion uh you're not thinking about
moves you're just thinking about things
that you have to do
uh and actually seeing the uh the tricks
uh with intent to them it's really neat
it's really awesome to uh to actually go
oh my finger is hitting that string
rather than my hand moves from left to
right when you're flowing from trick to
trick it's not a routine you're kind of
freestyling your way through it at least
it looks like it to me this kind of this
Jazz improv thing going on it's probably
you mentioned Jazz I never really
thought of that before but uh I imagine
Jazz musicians practice so much that
it's almost muscle memory for them right
uh and that's all it is for me it's just
kind of like a series of of motions put
together without very little thought
just right just kind of going back to
the things my body likes to do and
hoping that that makes a cool trick
instead of a knot a knot yeah a knot
like twisted up string he's pretty
precise yeah precise he's like a yo-yo
Samurai you know it's funny you say that
because this comes from your Warrior
training because the yo-yo is actually a
Filipino weapon that's that's not true
that's not that's a total myth but it's
a great myth it sounds awesome well
that's disappointing The Story Goes
Philippine immigrant Pedro Flores
manufactures the yo-yo here in the US
and then American inventure Donald
Duncan he sees the yo-yo and loves it
Donald Duncan bought the company from
him but kept kept him on D dunin yoy
know the two then create this mythology
to give the toy a cool
story
bro so it's marketing yeah it's great
marketing man no the uh the the yo-yo
thing is a total myth the word is
Filipino yeah it's Tagalog for merciless
Warrior no it means come
back tell me it's true just just say but
no I'm not going to say it's true I'm
not going to propagate that for you just
play along with you're going have to
edit challenge accepted the yo-yo was a
weapon no cuz I'm not no I'm not doing
that I'm not doing that it just said it
it's
[Laughter]
[Music]
great
if you have questions for Dr popular hit
him up on Twitter he's at
twitter.com/dspacestv
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
doing that well I I have qualms uh you
know I'm worried about hurting my yo-yo
you're so scared I am my brother was
killed by a yo-yo so I have
[Music]
issues