I was in Hawaii and it was the very last
day I was walking barefoot on the grass
picking some stuff up uh we're actually
cleaning the trampoline up in the
backyard putting it away and carrying a
box up the stairs and I get to the top
of the stairs and I'm just kind of
hanging out there waiting to to find
some space in the garage to put it away
next thing I know foot goes numb neck
Min put goes
numb and I didn't really know what had
happened to check this out okay this is
how it
looks right now it's all black and blue
and what apparently happened is I got
bit by a centipede so let me give you a
little better view of exactly what's
going on
so right there I don't know if you can
see that
but yeah The Telltale sign of getting
bit by a centipede is that there's going
to be two little Fang marks and then
it's going to like bruise and turn black
and blue when I got bit it did not sting
in fact I did not even know that I got
bit the one thing that told me that I
got bit is like I said my foot started
to go numb it felt like I had stepped on
a rock like a just a round smooth Rock
and it was underneath my foot um and so
I lifted my foot up and I was like the
heck there's nothing under there I and
that wasn't the point that IID stepped
on the centipede I stepped on it earlier
as I was bringing the stuff up the hill
but um it it just started to go numb and
I it started to swell up and I would put
my foot down and and it just felt like
there was a big swollen lump on the
outside of my foot so uh what we did is
we put some of this mud on it I I don't
know we were with one of our uh one of
our co-workers Joey Gibson and his
family and his mom is like super
holistic so she told me to put this mud
on it and um if you are if you got bit
by a centipede or or are wondering if
you got bit by a centipede don't freak
out it won't kill you it will hurt mine
didn't really hurt like I said it just
went numb but um it'll last uh it's been
36 hours now since mine happened yeah
it's 7 o' Utah time right now and it it
was like
5 o'l Hawaii time yesterday when it
happened um and it's all black and blue
as you saw right now and I can still
feel it feels like I kicked something
but I definitely didn't kick anything um
pretty sure I got bit by a centipede so
um if you have gotten bit by a centipede
or know somebody who got bit by one then
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up subscribe to my YouTube channel uh
this channel is primarily Vlogs for
myself my future self so I can have
these memories
um and this is the time that I got bit
by a centipede and and what it looked
like let's take one more look at this
one more look at
this
boom right
there bit by a
centipede that's it uh I'm Tyler
Whittingham thank you for watching
subscribe bye