ladies and gentlemen back by popular
demand she is in the kitchen it's my mom
hello everyone there you are I'm back
again you're back again you couldn't get
rid of me I know she is backed by
popular demand and what are we going to
make we are going to make Hungarian
goulash M this is a classic recipe that
you would have made for me growing up in
Hungary in Hungary definely we didn't I
didn't grow up in Hungary no he didn't
but we just used to pretend sometimes we
did we did so I mean this is a classic
dish it is slowly cooked it's got tender
pieces of meat really fantastic flavor
from the smoked paprika and one that you
made all the time we're going to start
it off by frying off our steak pieces
but I'm going to get you to do some
chopping no problem is that okay with
you so I've got the onion and garlic
I've got the pepper for you and I'm
going to fry off our steak pieces so you
get chopping you got a lot easier work
there these steak pieces are some chuck
steak or you can use skirt steak but
basically you want a piece of meat that
isn't too expensive that's going to be
allowed to slow cooked down over a long
period of time so it becomes really nice
and tender in your pan get a nice bit of
oil going in here here you can use any
oil here sunflower oil rape seed oil
whatever you fancy just a neutral
flavored oil what are you doing what are
you doing I told you I'd make a mess of
cook what this why are you cutting the
onion like that because I always do it
this way now I feel I have to watch you
so just I want because I have a knife in
my hand or is it because you don't like
the way I cook my I don't know I just
feel I have to keep my eye on you honest
to God I taught you everything you knew
and now you're telling me what I should
be doing apparently so right let's get
frying let's get frying we're going in
with a bit half this steak mixture and
you want an even coating across the base
of the pan
here check out that wonderful golden
steak that is exactly what you're
looking for so transfer this out it's
time for your onions oh SL spoon do you
want me to use that would you prefer me
to better off micro managing AB
micromanaging but just easier to pull
the manag it is true it is true I'm glad
you're in the kitchen with me now it is
time for the onions and the peppers we
go beautifully done thank you they are
you've actually you have gone through
them again they look much better now our
onions have softened down our green
peppers are looking good meat goes back
in y and make sure you get all the
juices from that meeting there as well
now it's time for our spices so we've
got some smoked Hungarian paprika we
have why do you add that we added to
give that distinctive flavor which is
the Hungarian goulash flavor of course
Hungarian goulash flavor and some dried
oregano for more build of flavor and of
course some flour just to help thicken
this through would you have normally
added this uh it would depend on how it
looks at the end nearly but look you go
and do your best I'll do my best thanks
very much okay so uh we'll just do a bit
of dumping and stirring yeah nice smoked
papra the flour is a good idea actually
no go ahead I am going to add the flour
the FL is good thanks for letting me
know H so all that goes in now and give
it all a good toss through once you get
your smoked paprika in there the dried
oregano oregano oregano oregano and you
have your flour it starts to come
together so we're going to go in there
with some tomato puree
and now it's time for some tinned
Tomatoes you open that one I'll open
this one did you do it with a knife well
I don't have any nails now apparently
[Music]
so this now goes into the oven at 140Â° C
for 2 hours until that meat becomes
mouthwash andly tender and while it's
cooking we're going to make some
dumplings we are we are but let's get in
the okay give me a hand you open the
door I'll put it
[Music]
in you don't have to make the dumplings
with the goulash but I think and it's
something you definitely didn't do when
I was growing up not at all but it is a
nice way to finish off your goulash
because you get the Lovely stew and then
you get the Fantastic little paprika
spice dumpling so I'm going to show you
how to make this is that okay yeah
absolutely let's go Okay so we've got
some self-raising flour going in here if
you don't have self-raising flour just a
teaspoon of baking powder in with plain
flour will do the job we've also got
some extremely cold cubes of butter
going in here they do need to be cold so
you get that kind of lovely crumbly
pastry sort of taste and
feel and then just to spice this up I've
got some of that smoked paprika again so
in with that and now you got to get your
hands in there with your fingertips and
just make yourself a nice pastry little
blend absolutely this is very easy but
easier still is just a couple of baked
potatoes in the oven to be honest with
you with this goulash it would really do
that is actually that is true that is
what she would normally serve it baked
potatoes now this is what you're looking
for if you got those sorts of golden
breadcrumb mixtures and there isn't too
many lumps of butter you're in a good
place suggesting there are lumps of BU
if there are it's not the end of the
world but now oh sorry there you go okay
brilliant so now bring it together with
some ice cold water and just add about a
tablespoon at a time and I suppose the
best thing to do is take a wooden spoon
and then do you want me to do it yes you
better you go wash your hands you've
left me in a mess okay this is looking
good it is time to make our little
dumpling balls so take a little bit
we're looking for kind of I would say
bigger than a golf ball smaller than a
tennis ball neither of which I know
right
okay well that's a ton like that's gol
that's pingpong ball we want like this
sort of size well that that can be for
me no make it normal sized
okay despite the B chat I've had from my
lovely mother our lovely dumplings are
now done they are done they are done
next step Next Step we're going to get
our goulash out of the oven it's had its
cooking time so grab it out of the oven
you look after the dumplings there keep
an eye on them make sure you use that
dirty oven cloth again how am I going to
do this okay now this is the sort of
creative blue Peter part okay we've got
to place our dumplings in and around
this lovely pot so you want to do this
so you going to get left with a dumpling
Crown that's what you've got a crown a
crown of
dumplings this now goes back into the
oven to cook off until those dumplings
have swelled up and become nice and
tasty but we do have some that has
already cooked off don't we behind me
just just like behind here's one we
prepared earlier so have a look at this
this is where the action is coming come
right in check this out cuz when you
lift off that lid you are left with
beautiful that looks great don't it it
does are you not good y looks fantastic
if you want to serve it like this it's
fine serve it with a little bit of sour
cream and it cuts through that richness
of the tomato sauce you've got your
dumplings on the side I think we do need
to try some so you need to grab a spoon
I need to grab a spoon you got the
smaller spoon okay you've always been
that generous child before you do your
tasting you've got to get into the mood
okay right you've got the Hungarian hash
now really this is going to make the
flavor so much better Donald what are
you laughing at I you remember I used to
wear this when I picked you up from
school and I had this hat on and used to
hide behind the school just eat the
bleeding goulash okay what do you think
oh fantastic fantastic that's really
really good really really good tasty
it's a little hot it's hot but it's very
very good it is properly delicious
you've got this Rich sweetness you've
got that lovely smokiness you've got a
lovely lady in a hat a Hungarian Mama
this this is a
it's a family favorite if you want the
recipe it's in the box below over on my
website make sure to like like subscribe
And subscribe and of course comment
beneath if you want to see more of my
lovely mother if you want to see more of
her even more of her go check go check
out the video we did making a delicious
creamy white wine chicken which will be
in the video right this very moment
until then my friends we will see you
soon happy cooking
goodbye
I told you to make it bigger than that
what is this it's my golf ball