today's video we're going to be cooking
some kielbasa soup and I have here the
kielbasa tomatoes potatoes onion celery
carrots and cilantro you can also add
score sure really any kind of much what
you want it was itself all to any
vegetable first what are my Travolta and
I'm just going to cut them into the cap
it up with Korea topic of all comes
going to be 1/2
[Music]
when we look at the guys like that
and next we're going to move on to our
vegetables I'm starting off with my
carrots and we're cutting everything
into bite-sized pieces
so now it's going to cut that potatoes
into bite-sized pieces there's a little
tip for it here at having seduced celery
that's kind of at the end of its life
and it's a little limp you don't throw
it away it's great in soup or even
making stock with it doesn't even know
it's not crispy it's there's nothing
wrong you can still eat it and that way
you don't waste your money and you can
even eat the leafy tops they add a bunch
of flavor and if you take your ears
celery any good face down it's actually
easier to chop than if you would have a
difference it'll roll this way but if
you put it down um what's the open with
a youth side down it's always si down
you would actually do your test and
because these are kind of wide I'm just
a nurse
release me as any combination of
vegetable that you like on the last
people want cabbage or spinach or kale
or really fast
any vegetable will win itself well to
the students it's a good use of
vegetable in your furnitures we have
some it just about to go bad then you
want to use it up before you go shopping
again this is the good way to do that
and it's also versatile if you're tight
on money and you don't want to go
shopping but you have vegetable your
fridge it you know you can pretty much
use whatever you have on hand or if you
have extras from the garden and you're
not sure what to do with them this is
also a good possibility and next I'm
going to chop some cilantro now here's
another example of using us wilted
vegetables for soup this was still more
fresh and lively I would be more likely
to use this for like tacos or something
but because the upper half of this is
still pretty you know it's good but it's
a little bit wilted with the perfect
pursuit I'm also going to add some
zucchini force but I just filled it and
I'm going to invest it up like
everything else next to my head and a
little tip for you if you are super
sensitive to onions like me and they
make you cry cut them West finely chop
you don't have to like
visit because it's going to be boiling
for what
a little bit and then I'm going to cut
it so long little over
and then I'm gonna turn around invest in
middle then because I slapped it before
I chopped it not going to roll around
rollro my cutting board like this one a
little bit less than chopping it and
giving it a little bit flatter it gives
us some purchase on the cutting board
before I place it so here you have my
stock pot and the first thing we're
going to do is brown beat the boss in
the down then you can add a little bit
of oil to the bottom of this pan you
know what this is too much but you want
something because this is kind of a lean
mean it's not going to render very much
fat and we're going to want some of the
oil to saute this book so first thing
I'm going to do is a turn on my burner
and I'm going to let this get a little
bit for while my philosophy Brown is
going to render a little bit I'm going
to press the water that Cinna go into
the stock
normally I would use drop when I'm out
of it so the employer in it in so it's
requires water but I'm also going to
dissolve a tablespoon of tomato paste
into some water as later
[Music]
we can use roughly two so that involves
a mix of Southern Mississippi and I'm
simply going to this better the sizes
probably later now that we have some
good color good sucker boom I'm going to
go ahead and add my celery carrot and
onion mixture right into the pot you're
not going to take the meat out this is
going to redditor after the amount of
moisture right away to the skirt in I'm
not going to fill some elder cumin you
don't want that flavor to help cook the
vegetables but basically the vegetable
should split out pretty fairly quickly
and that's that you're not going to burn
the pan or the sausage and see all this
brown on the bottom of the pan you're
going to want to work that up scrape the
bottom of the pan to get that flavor
worked up off it that's all yummy
goodness just work the bottom of the pan
with your soup
and you're just going to cook these
until they're a little bit soft
[Music]
yes you stir it every so often don't
forget it's starting to get you know
that's all getting a little bit softened
rather up summer vegetables which is our
zucchini our garlic tomatoes the leafy
tops from the celery the potatoes and
the lawn
[Music]
and all that right in then we're going
to add our tomato paste and water
mixture in there and we're going to add
hot water and tell you know reaches
about an inch from the top of the pan
I'm going to add about a tablespoon of
chicken bouillon you can use pork or
leave if you like or vegetable what if
you prefer I think it's actually better
with regular stock but I'm out so
bouillon will work just fine then I'm
going to add black pepper and I'm
thinking as a lot of half a teaspoon and
a tsardom you don't need to add salt at
this point because the kielbasa is
already pretty salty and some of the
boolean so I would wait and give it a
taste test later before you decided as
you needed to add salt it levels the
chances are your palate isn't going to
want to add any salt to this and I'm
just going to cover it with a slightly
askew lid and let it do it I'm just
going to put it on a medium
like a low higher medium or like your
high medium but I'm going to let it cook
and tell the vegetables are nice and
soft and there it is
kielbasa and vegetable soup it is super
rich and hearty and wonderful and good
and I hope you go out and make it today
and I hope you like my video if you did
please give it a thumbs up if you want
to see more of my videos please hit that
subscribe button and if you don't want
to miss any anything that I post whether
it's organizing or cooking please
subscribe to all my forms and well
thanks for stopping by I'll see you next
time