[Music]
I'm here today I'm back for another
video and I haven't posted in a really
long time so to commemorate this I'm
hopping on to one of the trendiest
trends right now guess what is I'll give
you a second it's slime yes you heard
I'm making slime today and if you guys
slime good job you're right and if you
did well how did you not know the slime
it's everywhere like it's literally
everywhere if you haven't seen our slime
video unlike YouTube Instagram or
Facebook or any of those social media
things like where have you been man have
you been living under a rock like
seriously like it's they're everywhere
and Loki I'm really obsessed with slime
videos I watch them every day and I feel
uncontained without them so I know you
might be saying Simon's really
overplayed right now and yes it is and
I'm gonna tell truth it really is
there's so many variations of slime
there's fishbowl slab butters slime you
know color-changing slack there's
everything like really sign technology
has advanced a lot so today I'm gonna
make slime for you guys and here's the
special thing about my slime hear me up
there's no activators in it there's no
glue and it's an original recipe yes you
heard it right I made it I experimented
with all the ingredients and it's my
recipe I did not steal from anybody I
did not take anybody's recipe and tape
saying it's my own no no no no no I
don't work that way I made it by myself
so here's a sample right here so it is
like this brownish beige-ish color I
don't know vases in any more oh my gosh
it's such a weird word to say and yeah
so here you go it's really stretchy as
you can see oh my gosh look at that
stretchiness and it's soft it's really
soft and it doesn't stick your fingers
all the things you need for a central
slime and here is the thing this slime
is made by all the essential things that
you will own in your house so I'll show
you the ingredients after but here you
go so if you're ready to make it I'm
ready to let's get started Selam the
you'll need our lotion and any type of
lotion will work I just have this Aveeno
lotion right here
you also need some vaseline or petroleum
jelly whichever works for you is fine
wire a bowl and a spoon
lastly the item you'll need will be some
flour and the amount of flour varies on
how much time you all make so I want to
make this much of slime that's why I
have that a much flour but it can be as
much as you want
all right so first step is to bring your
bowl and spoon and then you want to
bring your flour out and then your water
so pretty much what we're doing is we're
gonna make a play-doh mix that you would
make in like elementary school and stuff
like that so what I do is just pour your
flour in there pour all of it in your
bowl you could have just like that and
then you're just gonna add water I'm
just gonna add some water right now
Stew's it over spilt it
oops-a-daisy just pour some water in it
and don't pour too much because you
don't want it to be too like wet because
there's gonna be sticky and you can't do
it
but there you go let's just mix it
together you're just gonna mix this into
it's a dough like consistency and that's
gonna be the first step so I'm a fish
mixing this and turning into playdough
and after I'm gonna show you the second
step so see you then
alright so now that you mixed your
playdough and it looks like this it's
gotta be really stiff and just not like
slime it's gonna be like that play told
I like now homemade playdough that you
would have made as a kid or whatever so
now what you want to do is grab your
Vaseline right here so you grab your
Vaseline and I'm gonna open it up and
you're gonna grab a glob and put it in
so pretty much I'm using a q-tip to grab
it but you can use whatever you want so
let's just grab like a glob that's good
so like a glob of disks you're just
gonna put into the dough like that I'll
put this aside first and now as you can
see there's Vaseline in the dough
and you're gonna mix it mix the Vaseline
and it's gonna be really stiff the dull
so you're gonna have to mix cold wait a
lot like that and don't worry if your
hands get sticky or whatever you have to
get dirty your hands dirty in this
project so just mix it in gosh it's
gonna be a hassle because the dose gonna
be stiff but yes so that's what you're
gonna do with the Vaseline and then so
I'm just got finished mixing this
off-camera and then I'll show you the
next step all right so now that you've
mixed your Vaseline and your dough
should feel softer it should be more
stretchy now and then what you got to do
is you're gonna grab some lotion and mix
that in so here's my lotion okay that's
not gonna come out so I'm just gonna
take the cap off and grab some like that
and then lotion on okay so there's
lotion now and pretty much even now mix
the lotion in to the doll so let me mix
that and it's gonna feel quite weird but
that's how it's gonna feel and so pretty
much you're gonna just keep on repeating
the Vaseline and the lotion and then the
Vaseline and in there lotion and you
gotta keep on repeating that step until
you have the right consistency for your
slime so you see how it's already kind
of coming together and it will become
kind of sticky and when it becomes kind
of sticky you put vaseline in and you
just keep on adding lotion and so you
just repeat that step so I'm gonna do
that step off camera and then I'm gonna
show you guys the final result all right
so I just forgot um mom's mixing the
Vaseline and the lotion that we need to
add cornstarch so I have my box of
cornstarch right here let me pour some
in cuz I really forgot and I was like
why is it so sticky and it turns out
that there wasn't cornstarch and and I
forgot so there you go
now there's cornstarch in it and it
should make it better someone makes a
car search in and
show you the final result all right so
we're finally done making the video here
is the end product oh my goodness look
at that beetle bulb beautifulness and
look so like I say a super stretchy and
very elastic key as you can see and I
didn't tell you this yet but the
measurements are it just varies so it
just depends on how much you make so
that's pretty much it and if you enjoy
this video and this helped you make some
lime please give it a thumbs up comment
and subscribe and peace
[Music]