how do we get the absolute best flavor
out of salmon stay tuned I'm Italian
[Music]
it's super awesome that you spending
some time with me today and checking
this video out if you're not a
subscriber please hit the subscribe
button down below maybe even hit the
bell icon up there and that'll keep you
in tune with all the videos that I'm
posting to do with awesome food and also
beer all fish is loaded with omega-3
fatty acids our body doesn't produce
omega-3 fatty acids so it's important
that we get them through our foods or
supplements omega-3 fatty acids are so
important to our bodies they help lower
the risk of heart attacks they improve
our circulation they reduce our
cholesterol the American Heart
Association suggests that we have fish
at least two times a week they excuse
some of us use for not eating fishes
while fish is loaded with mercury and
other contaminants the fact is the fish
that have mercury issues are usually
your deeper C fatty fish swordfish
mackerel tuna things like that and
that's it the American Heart Association
says at least few times a week do you
eat fish two times a week leave it in
the comments below on average how many
times per week do you eat fish I'm gonna
tell you the truth mine is probably less
than one fish are vital to living longer
so how do we get excited about fish so
that we incorporate it more often in our
diets when you order or you cooked fish
there's two things that really separate
a great fish meal from a not-so-good
fish meal overcooking it versus cooking
it properly and then brining it versus
not brining it so I'm going to show you
how to do a dry brine specifically for
salmon but it would be great for trout
many other fish meals but it's gonna
help make sure that you get to look
forward to incorporating fish in your
diet twice a week if not more the first
thing we want to do is to create a place
for the salmon after we get the brine on
it what's gonna happen is the salmon is
going to
to have a lot of moisture sucked out of
it so I'm gonna put it on this pan and
to kind of control the Matt I'm just
gonna kind of fold the tinfoil create a
little bit of a lip here let's do that
on all four sides this is just gonna
help control them back now let's go
ahead and create our prime we're just
gonna put this in a small bowl first
thing we're gonna go with is Morton's
Tennant way and this is a great curing
salt it's perfect for this purpose we're
gonna use a combination of this and some
kosher salt we're going to use a pork
cup or cup of more than to tender quick
and then we're going to use a quarter
cup of Morton's course kosher salt so
those are our salts that we're going to
use and that's gonna do the curing for
us but we need to balance that with some
sugar and we're gonna use brown sugar
brown sugar is gonna give it a nice
flavor we're gonna use 3/4 of a cup of
brown sugar
here's a quarter half and three chords
whatever you're brining with rather it's
a liquid brine or a dry brine you're
really penetrating the meat whether it's
beef chicken or in this case fish with
flavor so now is a wonderful time to add
in some other flavor profiles let's go
ahead and add a tablespoon of garlic
powder
[Music]
we're going to add a tablespoon of onion
powder and this is a great one this is
celery salt but this helps to add kind
of a painting us when you're cooking
chicken or pork kind of helps develop a
smoke ring and it has a nice flavor to
it also we're gonna have a tablespoon of
this as well and now one of my favorites
I really can't cook much without the one
coarse black pepper to do a heavy
tablespoon of coarse black pepper that's
it we're gonna go ahead and whisk this
together as with anything when you're
cooking feel free to kind of adjust the
ingredients if you see another spice
that you'd like to see in your brine you
know feel free to add in it's a
trial-and-error kind of thing however
I'm gonna caution you make sure you stay
with a dry brine it's real important
that our fish be super dry right before
we put it on the grill or the smoker or
however we're cooking it we want a layer
that's called a pellicle to be formed
that's gonna help allow whatever we're
cooking whatever flavors were cooking
with at the time that we actually put it
on the grill or the smoker however we're
cooking it's gonna allow those flavors
to really stick to the fish in this case
I'm gonna be smoking it so I really want
that smoke and those flavors to really
stick to the fish 2.2 pounds piece of
salmon here directly from the bursar
store today so it's super fresh and
that's what you want you want a piece of
super fresh fish the fresher the fish
the better the result I actually got
this on sale $6.99 a pound this still
has the skin on it and that's the way I
want it you could do this with
individual fillets I like cooking the
whole thing it's just a lot easier to do
a lot easier to maintain I'm gonna brine
it like this and I'll cook it like this
and then I can cut it into my little
fillets later all right so we're not
gonna be scared of this we're just gonna
dump this whole brawling on here you
cannot have too much I don't I really
don't want to see any salmon at all I
want to cake this on here and they don't
want to kind of shape it press it down
[Music]
I know it looks like a lot but that's
what you want and just lay a piece of
saran wrap on top nice and loose alright
so how long do we brine it for ah the
big debate there's so many theories
about how long to brine your fish for
you know some people will say if you
brought it any longer than two hours you
dry it out or you you know you
introduced too much salt or you know you
make it bad and some people say you have
to do it for 24 hours I have found that
the best length of time to brine it for
is whatever makes you happy but you need
to do it for at least two hours in my
opinion and my suggestion from my
research is really do it overnight
that's what you're looking for you're
looking for a nice long slow brine I
wouldn't do it any longer than 8 to 12
hours
[Music]
I really appreciate you sticking around
to watch the whole video check out these
other videos over here you may very well
be interested in those also the
inspiration behind the videos is your
feedback and the best way to give me
your feedback is to hit the like button
down below most importantly hit the
subscribe button down below and you can
also leave comments I can't wait to see
you next time
[Music]