[Music]
hey Jordy here with fixy cabinet.com
this video I'm going to show you some of
the tools that you'll need to do for mic
work successfully whether you're doing
resurface work recovering a kitchen
cabinet or a bathroom vanity or you're
building something new and you want to
laminate it with for mik so I got a
pretty good pile of tools here I've
already got a YouTube video up that
shows how to use a laminate slitter for
cutting edges if you don't have one of
these what you can do is you can just
use a C clamp or a Jorgenson clamp get
you a straight edge mark your laminate
clamp it onto your straight edge and
then you're obviously going to need a
router and then you just route off the
laminate following the U The Straight
Edge Board and you can cut your pieces
however big you want now you're going to
need a trim bit for your router um this
one has a cast metal on the end it's not
a bearing bit and it's got the cutter
down a little bit lower this works works
really
well you're going to need a pair of 10
snaps to uh you can watch a YouTube
video on how to use these to cut plastic
laminate paper cutter for squaring off
the ends of my plastic laminate they
work really good for doing that you can
get these at the office supply store
going to need a j roller you can get one
of these at the Cabinet Supply Company
this is good for apply pressure to the
two pieces that you're gluing together
with your contact glue putty knife is
always a good thing to have when you're
doing for M work you're going to need a
belt sander with 50 grit sandpaper this
a porter cable it's a heavyduty
industrial type belt sander if you're
doing resurface work or even new type
construction on countertops or cabinets
you're going to have to have a belt
sander you're going to need some wax
I've got a YouTube video on here for wax
lacquer thinner those are basically the
tools that you're going to need to do
for Michel Lon at work you're going to
need something to brush on your contact
GL with hey thanks for watching
subscribe to our YouTube channel I'm
Jordy Christo with fixy cabinet.com have
a great
[Music]
day