[Music]
back out you seen another DJ / - Mitch
correct I'll do that's right this hog
liquor and the delicious ingredients are
out yet again and it's time for DJ to
prepare another awesome libation for the
messages and what drink do we have for
her today well we've got one that's
composed of many more ingredients than I
usually use I think about eight or nine
maybe this time count ice and things of
that sort but what drink is it it's the
Bahama Mama now in this drink we have
rum coconut rum dark rum lime juice
pineapple juice orange juice grenadine
and ice and then your garnish 9 total
ingredients hoo-wah so let's get our
drink mixing on it's very simple even
though there's many ingredients it's
combining them putting in the proper
portions put them in a shaker and pour
them into our little mini hurricane
glass here so let's have that it first
up we've got 1 ounce of rum white rum
that is next we have 1 ounce of coconut
rum
also known as Malibu and then we have
3/4 of an ounce of dark rum boom after
that we get into our juices we have 2
ounces of orange juice this is a
fresh-squeezed type that I got from
Whole Foods it tastes really awesome and
I didn't have to squeeze it that makes
me more happy so next up we have let's
see what is it 3 ounces of pineapple
juice so since the pineapple juice in
there we might get a nice little foam
action we've got 3/4 of an ounce or
actually started half an ounce of lime
juice and last but not least we have a
teaspoon of grenadine bube to give it a
little bit of color and that little bit
extra sweet balance and flavor so what
do we do now we cap off our shaker we're
getting really technical now and now
what we're gonna do we're gonna get our
shake face on we're making a drink for
somebody it's time to get happy because
you're doing something nice for somebody
hell yes let's get it on
man out in the bar you want happy you
gotta leave you any tips if you're not
happy have a drink on grumpy bartender
boom they shake on their got our glass
with our straw all ready to go in it and
I'll put that to the side for a second
boom let's strain it in look at that
hell yes nice and tall top tropical
drink happiness get it all into there
yes a little bit of foam rising to the
top from the pineapple we got our straw
over here we've got a nice orange slice
and my favorite fun of being cherry look
at that guy's that says tropical fun all
day long take a look at that
gorgeous drinking a glass let's get a
smell of it
spells freaking awesome the pineapple
the grenadine that orange juice this the
smokiness a little bit from that dark
rum let's get a taste here
mmm that is delicious
balanced island happiness so as you can
see though it has more ingredients than
something drinks it's super simple to
make and it comes out just looking
awesome so to the next DJ's brew tube
you can do something really important
with for me which is think lovely drink
lovely and support the craft cocktail
and be your movement also please
remember to rate comment subscribe and
you know what to do hell yes smash that
like button cuz that along with oh maybe
one or two Bahama Mama's butts my happy
face on so to the next DJ bird - I have
nothing but a bunch of mixture and make
it love for you and you know what's
coming that's right a big pizza
[Music]