[Music]
hey thanks for joining me today I want
to show you how easy it is to cover a
square cake and fondant it's a question
I get all the time people struggle with
corners and even with round cakes people
will struggle with puckers at the bottom
so we're going to walk through all of
that it's really easy so I already
prepared my faux tier and my fondant
here I just soften the edges of my faux
tier with sandpaper and then made sure
it's nice and clean no little styrofoam
pieces around and then I just coated it
with a very thin coat of shortening all
the way down to the bottom edge of the
fot tier okay and my fondant I went
ahead and prepared this I rolled it out
on the home mat uh we sell that here at
Sweet wise and it's really easy to know
how big to roll out your fondant and how
much you need so I looked at my chart
and I see that I need 2 lb 5 oz for the
8 in tier that I'm covering in square
and I've rolled that out to a 17 in
square and that just gives me an extra
inch to be able to work with it on the
edge okay so all I'm going to do is take
the top off and set that aside I want to
make sure it don't crease it we have a
little bit more detail in another video
on what the mat's all about it's a food
safe product really easy to use so I'm
just going to hold this up here and lay
my bottom Edge against the back of the
cake and then just lay it over and the
great thing about this is let's say I
don't get it centered quite right it's
still stuck to the mat so I can just
kind of release it and if it's real cake
just kind of repair my buttercream and
I'm just going to go ahead and lay it
over just like that okay easy way to
release this I'm just going to get it
started with my hand so that gravity is
going to do its thing and we have a
super polish on the inside of the mat so
what I'm going to do is just turn this
like this I'm not going to roll it up
but I'm going to hold it taut and just
let it kind of fall behind me and then
as I pull it taut that super polish
helps that fond and just release really
really easy love that especially with
big cakes I can handle it my myself
without help for another person okay now
I'm just going to kind of fluff The Edge
like it's a ballroom gown so that it
just kind of has a little bit of an
angle coming out all I'm going to do
here I don't want to adhere the fondant
to the cake all the way down one side
and then move around that's where you're
going to get puckers from what I like to
do no matter what shape your cake is
pretend it's round so my rule of thumb
is this I'm going to use one hand to
kind of keep fluffing that skirt and my
other hand just to kind of work one inch
down all the way around and I don't do
my Corners first I don't do my sides
first I just don't care what shape it is
I'm just going to work one inch down all
the way
around just gently cupping my hand and
helping it adhere to the cake and once I
got back to where I started now I go 2
Ines down all the way around and the
premise behind this is just like a round
cake instead
of trying to get it all at once what I'm
doing is pushing my fondant down and out
instead of around the cake where it's
going to have a lot I have to deal with
in the back so we're just pushing it
down and out again 2 Ines down all the
way
around and then making sure the corner
is nice and secure 3 in down all the way
around you'll notice I'm not using my
fondant smoother
yet we don't want to have any harshness
with theg edge of the faet smoother so
I'm just using the nice softness of my
fingers okay now that I'm a little more
than 3 in down all the way I'm kind of
getting round to where I want to get the
bottom nice and straight I'm going to
use the flat edge of my smoother and I'm
going to use this just like I was using
my hand before just with a
softness so fluffing with my other
hand I'm just going to not force it but
a gentle slow stretch all the way
around I'll do it on the front side so
you can see a little better
here now here is where let me show you
an example A lot of people have this
problem with uh round cakes too where
they'll have like a fold and at this
point you're kind of so sick of working
with the fondant you oh I'll just smooth
it out later but it really just never
works what I want you to do is kind of
unfold that and pull it back out like
that ball ball gown shape that I was
talking about before and and instead of
pushing all the way down in one action
that's a quick stretch it's going to
break what I want you to do is just kind
of back and
forth gently slow
stretch walk it into the shape until you
get down that
board and that's the best way to get rid
of a pucker okay and then you just
continue to work all the way
around okay
doing the same thing in the back here
even though you can't see it just want
to have a nice clean
cut all right and once you have it
pretty much adhered to the cake you want
to go back
around and just really secure it so it
has a nice professional squareness to
the bottom
Edge okay nice and
square a lot of people like a Sharper
Edge in that case you can use two
fondant smoo and kind of pull them
towards each other and that kind of
accentuates a little bit of a Sharper
Edge
okay so all the way done with that now
I'm just going to grab my two wheel font
cutter I always like a round blade kind
of at a 45Â°
angle all the way
around back side
too now the rest of this you can just
pull off and if you're working with cake
now here I'm working with styrofoam so I
want to make sure there's no pieces in
there but if you're working with cake
and let's say you have a few crumbs
you'll just kind of cut those out toss
that away and the rest of this is
absolutely
reusable okay and then you're going to
go back with your fondant
smoother and just really make sure that
everything is tight and secure so see
where I cut and that kind of pulled away
that's all I'm going to do is go back
and make sure that's nice and
adhered
nice and smooth if you have any excess
that you pull down you can go back and
cut that off I'll do that here I've got
a little
corner isn't as perfect as I wanted so I
just go back and cut that
off okay pretty smooth I'm pretty happy
with that but you see how easy it is to
cover a square cake and font and if
you'll really just kind of pretend it's
round work down one inch at a time give
it some time stretching Down and Out
rather than pushing around to the back
and I think you're going to have a
really easy time with it thanks for
[Music]
watching