torch in my
[Music]
hand my name is Elon Hall welcome to the
goral in Downtown LA we're big on taking
things to ridiculous levels here at the
Bal it can be an outof body
gastronomical
experience it can be
sexual everything's based on having no
rules and really having no
[Music]
[Music]
boundaries today I wanted to really
showcase how we can take the classic
burger do all the fixings and all the
condiments that you would normally have
but then make that all from onions it's
one of those things where you walk into
a room and you smell onion saut√© and
butter or oil you don't think of onions
you just think of delicious this is a
traditional way of dicing onion you want
to sort of cut it most of the way
through but leave it so that the
structure of the onion is intact CU
it'll give you a place to hold it it'll
give you a good place to slice it from I
remember having grilled onions when I
was a kid that's where I sort of fell in
love with little tiny DIC grilled onions
one of the secrets to grilling onions
especially when they're cut so small you
want to get color on them you want them
to be grilled you want them to be
charred not burnt but have a nice
reaction you really just want the
outsides to be cooked and the insides to
be almost raw just nice color but still
has a lot of texture
so I always love the flavor of
caramelized onion you could put them on
anything we cook them until they're
almost falling apart and melted it's
kind of stringy so it mimics that cheese
caramelizing a fruit or a vegetable is
when you're bringing out the sugar to
the surface of it when your onions are
caramelizing they're Gathering a lot of
stuff at the bottom we call it Fawn in
The Culinary world just have a little
bit of water on hand and add it
intermittently it's really going to
break up everything everything's going
to melt and then add that flavor back
into the onion the flavor of caramelized
onions is unsurpassed there's nothing
that really matches
it every Burger needs a good crunch
crispy shallots are really what can
round this out and give you that texture
and that crispiness shallot that's
sliced thin dusted in flour and and then
fried until it's crispy I don't think
there's anybody on Earth that doesn't
like little baby onion rings we're
really trying to exploit the onion and
see everything that it can do and also
we're not a bunch of Shoemaker hacks and
we make our own stuff
here we grind all of our meat in house
and we do 50% dry age brisket 50% fresh
brisket little tip you can use the back
of a lid that's cut out you can use a
bunch of different things if you don't
have one of these but it's pretty
straight forward and easy that's how
you're going to get even cooking
throughout the entire thing the secret
once you've got your burger in the pan
you don't want to move it you want to
let that Char set in and be consistent
so it's really forming a nice solid
crust on the outside got to flip it I
use a fish spatula for using
this flip it over look at that if you
have something in the pan that's at the
bottom that could be the most delicious
part of the entire dish you need to make
sure that you're not wasting any of it
the last touch that we've got on these
grilled onions is to finish them off in
the fat that's rendered out from the
burger and then I'm going to just put
them right on top of the burger and let
them sit there until it goes on the
plate we've got a bun with an onion
baked into it it by heating this in the
pan where the burger cooked where all
its juices and fat sort of seeped out of
it you're going to get more of that you
know continuing flavor through of the
burger into the bun into the onion it's
it's a bridge to bring everything
together the idea of me between buns is
only the beginning of what a burger can
actually be we have red wine red onion
marmalade that we use as the ketchup
scallion aoli which is our special sauce
Thousand Island we've got caramelized
onions pickled red onions fried shallots
that are sort of our crispy bacon they
all have different textures and
different flavors and different levels
of sugar and salt that all melt together
beautifully so it looks wonderful but
it's missing one thing one thing that
could fit right here I'm a big fan of
fries I take them very seriously I felt
like we just needed to do something left
of center if you cover them in raed pork
and gravy and cheese and pickles it
transcends them it makes them into
something that you've never think they
could
be you're getting Crispy Crunchy pickly
salty fatty all in one shot it's like a
an effect of dominoes hitting your
tongue of different textures wow I'm
Elon Hall and you're watching starf
secrets on tasty don't forget to click
to subscribe next time you're at a
Mexican restaurant order the esim in
English that's ant larvae learn more on
why would you eat that want to up the
Annie on classic fried chicken and mash
potatoes just add cheese Curts smash an
episode of taste explosions together
with Epic meal time and what do you get
an explosion of Epic Proportions join
Top Chef Kevin Gillespie in sampling the
wildest bacon wrapped hot dogs with
toppings like cream cheese scallions and
everything bagel seeds beer made from
bull balls and grown men's beards get a
taste of our version of food news on
food feeder watch exotic Jess take on a
live octopus in the appropriately named
why would you eat that live octopus
challenge