hello again and welcome to him to Dubai
for fun thank you again for joining me
my name is Farid Gilbert and welcome to
my cooking channel you did your baby
father
so today I'm actually gonna be talking
about how to actually make the best both
loads both roads to read that back name
my dodgy cooking then yeah as is known
in most francophone states and puff-puff
in Nigeria now there are some basic
principles that one needs to follow when
actually making the above little puffs
puffs or doughnuts of this instance
first of all is a temperature of the oil
secondly is how long you leave your
mixture actually rise and thirdly as
well as the type of ingredients that you
actually use so to get that perfect
donuts they do require now this recipe
was actually made I'd say I woke up one
day and I just wanted to have doughnuts
and I didn't have the time so I mixed
everything together and it was quick
actually and so yes I'll be discussing
that as I go along so do stay tuned
[Music]
so we'll make cymbal add a teaspoonful
of salt and then proceed at 225 grams of
plain flour you can use the old purpose
flag that's not a problem once you've
done that now add 3 tbsp full of sugar
you can reduce the amount of sugar to
your preference and equal increase it as
well to your preference and after that
I'm actually going to add half a
teaspoon full of grated nutmeg you can
also use mace for that add of our seven
grams of dry yeast or you can use a
tablespoon full of dry yeast and mix all
your dry ingredients together so let's
well combined at this point I'm actually
going to be adding my room water and
when I say warm water should be look one
that you can actually dip your finger in
anyone burn but warm enough if it's too
hot it would actually kill the yeast so
I'm actually going to be adding about a
hundred milliliters of water to this
mixture and what I'm actually doing here
now is mixing everything together till
it's well combined but also everything
and the mixture so I'm making a mixture
light and also activating the gluten so
he's nice and soft now ants actually
give that make sure that softness and
moisture in the middle as well I'm
adding some melted butter now this is
optional you can use them on a beaten
egg if you with them if you prefer but
I'm actually using my melted butter and
I've only got about 30 grams of melted
butter that I've added to the mixture
yet again mix everything till it's well
combined and as you can see it's nice
and silky smooth and that's just
activating the gluten just beautifully
at this point it's all done yeah and I'm
just gonna be covering it with my cling
film and I'm going to leave this
actually rise now what I've done is
actually warmed my oven up I've opened
the door to it as I always do and which
is actually quite one and then just
laughed my mixture there for it's
actually double up inside
that took about 45 minutes to an hour
now if you actually leave this for too
long he actually starts to ferment and
that's when you start frying it actually
absorbs the oil so yes that's number one
issue now once you've got that desired
texture which you can see here it's
about how you roll it so what I'm
actually doing is just teasing the dough
and then I squeeze it in between my
thumb there as you can see and you get
the perfect shape so this is the
practice so before you do it you can
practice this a few times and you know
you just get that perfect round ball and
here we go so now with the oil I've
placed on a medium heat for about five
minutes so it's the right temperature
and to just test that your temperatures
perfect what I would suggest is to fry
your first ball and once you drop it it
should actually rise to the top
immediately that's when you know the oil
is ready and you're perfect now you're
ready to go now I would count about five
seconds in terms of you know the the
quantity of dough that you actually fry
at a time so I roll it of course it's a
messy job because it's a wet one and
it's one two three four five and it
should just drop in the oil so it means
that you're maintaining the quantity as
well and the shape of it so yeah here we
go you actually in business now so forth
oil I've actually used vegetable oil
which actually has no smell or scent so
that's perfect for it
secondly it's important that you don't
actually overcrowd the pot with the
donuts because if you add too much he
actually reduces the temperature of the
oil and when that actually happens in
news that's the donuts would absorb the
oil so it's imperative that you do not
overload your saucepan or your fine
panel whichever pan that you actually
use and with the donuts safai it in a
batch that you know it would to be easy
for you to maneuver the next problem as
well as when you do include milk into
your mixture it makes you make sure burn
quickly so that's where you might think
that it's cooked and you take it out
then you actually have an undercooked
doughnut so on the surface actually
looks okay and when you open it it's
actually wet and it's just horrible
because the mix already has sugar the
actual louse it's a brown so hence when
use the sugar I prefer to use water
instead
and of course I've actually used melted
butter as well so I do get that richness
anyway so at this point you fry your
donut obviously is been Frank for a
while it takes about seven minutes but
you need to keep turning it because one
side becomes having the other side
becomes lighter so it doesn't really
like to roll well so you need to be
rolling that and yes you actually end up
with your perfect donut Purfleet puffing
air and look at this indeed and turn
yellow where we like your donut is
actually ready when it's perfectly Brown
as you can see here this is just
beautiful
this is ready so I'm just placing it on
the kitchen and paper napkin just to
absorb in excess oil and it's time to
actually reveal this look at this it's
not filled with any oil are those
beautiful bubbles just showing that that
is it in the dog when an Yalu and cocoa
puffs BD classes yeah and this is served
with some house I cook would be glad to
say Mindi Agra I do have a house a cocoa
recipe actually in one of our previous
videos but I've also yet again improved
up on that recipe so I'll be put in
another video up for the house of cocoa
real soon so do keep in touch or do
ensure that you've subscribed if you
haven't subscribed yet now imagine going
to be leaving the recipe including the
list of ingredients and measurements on
my blog in Dubai for five dot blog
spot.com so do check it out now as I
said if you haven't subscribed as you
need to subscribe I'm also on Facebook
and Instagram and Twitter as in to Dubai
for 5 to pass by and say hi until next
time do you take care of you be nice be
lovely be beautiful I love you