hey fabulous diyers it's Dana taba here
with redesign your clothes so this weeks
we are going to do things a little
differently and this tutorial is
requested by Lauren and we are going to
learn how to DIY this bandana thae front
Bando so if you're interested in seeing
how to recreate this stay tuned what
you'll need for this project is two
bandana print
scarves
scissors
2 yards of 3/4 of an inch of elastic
trim and lastly a safety
pin so the first step you are going to
take one of the scarves and open it and
cut it across to cut it in
[Music]
half you'll have two pieces note that
the width of this scarf already will fit
a size medium to an ex large if you are
a size small you're going to have to cut
off a/ an inch off of each side of each
scarf and if you are X small you're
going to cut an inch off of each side
this will help reduce the bulkiness that
will occur when you add the elastic trim
since you're want to cut it off you're
going to need to clean it up as it was
in the beginning so now that everything
is done you are going to now lay each
scarf on top of each other on the wrong
side and then you're going to sew it a
half an inch to connect them
together once you finish sewing them
together you're want to open it up and
press it flat this will create a side
seam so now at the top it's raw so
you're going to fold it a/4 of an inch
and press it all the way
[Music]
around once that's complete you're going
to then now fold it in again about an
inch and you're going to top Stitch it
down you're going to start from one side
all the way around to the other side of
the scarf leaving it a opening for you
to feed the elastic in when it's time do
the same thing for the bottom it should
look like this once you are
completed then you're going to take your
elastic and you're going to put it
you're going to stretch it around
yourself at the top of your bus area I
already pre-cut mine so that's why I'm
fake cutting it right now you want to
make sure that it's tight but yet
comfortable for you to wear it for hours
on and you're going to do this at the
bottom of your bus now with the help of
the safety pin you're going to use it
and pin it at the beginning of the
elastic and feed it through the tunnel
of the scarf
[Music]
once you fed the elastic into the scarf
tunnel you're going to sew them
together sew them about a/ an inch then
distribute it evenly throughout the
[Music]
scarf close the opening where you fed
the elastic
[Music]
into it should look like this when
you're
[Music]
complete try it
[Music]
on and then from that you're going to
take your second scarf and you're going
to fold it into a a band and then slip
it underneath through the Bando at the
front and you're going to tie the desire
look that you
want
[Music]
and then you're ready to
[Music]
wear for the first look you can wear it
as a band top as I'm wearing it right
now and then take the bandana and tie it
over your head for a perfect beach
[Music]
look
[Music]
and then for the second one you can wear
the Bando as a tie front for a night out
in the
[Music]
evening I hope you enjoyed this tutorial
as always if you have an item of
clothing that you want to redesign let
me know down in the comment section and
I will select a commenter for the next
video thank you for watching and I see
you guys in the next video
[Music]
bye