Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
of the cooking everything outdoors show
today we're making hot water cornbread
otherwise known as corn pone the cooking
outdoors way of course
so what is a cornpone well its history
is varied it is long and everybody has
their own version of this my recipe is
not authentic it's not original in fact
the most basic form of cornpone or hot
water cornbread is basically water salt
cornmeal and I think flour not much to
it over the years I imagine people added
more things to it to make it just a
little bit more palatable and that's
what we're doing here today I'm actually
making a cheesy corn pone and I think
you'll like it it's one of those recipes
that you just kind of throw together in
a couple of minutes doesn't take long
cooks very very fast perfect for cooking
it goes great with stews beans soups and
things like that I think you'll find it
maybe after you've tried this and I know
a lot of you've never ever heard of it
that it's gonna be kind of a quick go-to
item to throw together when you're
putting together dinner especially
around a campfire now for this recipe
you're going to need 2 cups of cornmeal
2 to 3 tablespoons of unsalted butter
quarter teaspoon of baking powder 1 and
1/2 teaspoons of salt 2 teaspoons of
sugar about 1/2 a cup of shredded cheese
I am using Kamath's New York extra sharp
cheddar for mine one of my favorites
it's really gonna make this recipe pop
you also need about one and a quarter to
one and a half cups of boiling water and
I also like to keep a cup or two of cold
water handy to cool my fingers off when
I'm mixing the batter so first thing you
want to do is get some water boiling
I've got mine right about where I want
it now then we're gonna take our
cornmeal this is just a medium grind and
our baking powder salt with a couple
pepper flakes of course no that's not it
a recipe that just happened to be the
way I pulled it out of my pinch jar
and our sugar and our butter I'm gonna
save the cheese for after once I've got
the butter melted incorporated so what
you want to do in keeping the cold water
handy is just add some of your hot water
to this you can get in there with your
hands if you want it is pretty boiling
if you will so I would just hit it with
a spatula to start with and as it starts
to come together add a little bit more
water so that's telling you about the
original recipe I left out one
ingredient because just cornmeal flour
or just cornmeal salt and water is
pretty pretty boring stuff they would
add bacon drippings to this to give it
more flavor and if you were lucky and
had some actual Pig fat to use and that
was even better I know they're somewhat
synonymous but that's how I understand
it now so we've got it to a point where
it's pretty well mixed I haven't used
all the water yet but you want to be
able to get this to clump together and
hold a form this is what we're looking
for
so that's pretty good so this is where I
want it may add my cheese now
and we're gonna very carefully and
lightly mix this up
so other alternatives to add to this
certainly honey goes very nicely with
this you could add some herbs to it if
you want I've seen Mediterranean blends
of this what sir all deviations in
somewhat the violations of the regular
original recipe but it's your recipe do
what you darn well want okay so that's
ready to form up now there's a couple
ways you can cook corn pose you can
either bake them in the oven or put them
in a dry skillet and put that in the
oven or you can fry them I'm gonna use
about a half inch of canola oil in my
cast-iron skillet now in order to make
your corn pone or your hot water
cornbread you're just going to take
depending on the size you want really
it's it's personal at this point but
I'll take about two tablespoons in my
palm of my hand
and then I'll just flatten it out like
that some people make them look like
torpedoes or ovals you know I'm just
happy to have this little little patty
just like that that's just about perfect
for me very carefully drop it into the
hot oil don't burn yourself while that's
cooking we'll make some more you'll see
your patties start to sink a little bit
let's turn a nice brown that's your clue
to flip it over
yeah do you think your oil is getting a
little hot
turn it down it's not hot enough turn it
up takes about four five minutes to cook
not much longer there we go beautiful
color well just set that aside to cool
off a bit and just for instant repeat
until you've used up all the ingredients
should make about seven eight corn pones
well that's hot water cornbread or corn
pone I'd be interested in hearing what
your thoughts are on this recipe it's so
simple and fast to put together you'll
actually find it a go-to recipe
especially when it's time for that soups
or the beans or the stew this is good
stuff let's give it a try real quick and
see how we did nice golden color yep
done inside this is really cool
now cornbread has a really unique taste
and I did use a medium grind if you go
with a finer grind it might taste a
little bit different you can definitely
tell the sugars caramelized a little bit
the cheese is coming through real nice
and I like that I think about the only
thing I might want to change on this if
I was to do it again is I would add some
green onion to it just because that's
what I like to do so that's about it you
might find yourself grabbing the honey
to drill it on this as you go but I hope
you liked this recipe give it a try let
me know what you think if you liked it
give it a thumbs up if you have a
comment love to hear about it I wish
respond to comments I really appreciate
them and hit that Bell by the subscribe
button that way you're notified when I
have a new video right now I'm rolling
them out about once every other week as
soon as I get this kitchen done I'm
gonna start knocking them out even more
than that so that's it until next time
and I'll see you when I see you
you