hey guys welcome to my channel I'm Laura
and you are watching the natural life so
if you watched my last video um I told
you that I am going to be adding more
videos each month to my channel and in
January on Fridays I am going to be
presenting easy ways that you can change
your health for the better and I figured
to start us off with that series I'm
going to go ahead and do beverages I
have compiled a total of five tips uh
you can choose one you can choose all of
them you can not choose any uh they're
just ideas of mine that I'm passing out
to you guys at the end of the video I'm
going to tell you how I broke my
caffeine
addiction so tip number one possibly the
hardest so one and two are the hardest
and then they get easier number one is
my ultimate tip would be eliminate
alcohol or really restrict it now I know
that alcohol is a very social thing
honestly I stopped drinking about 3 and
1/2 years ago and that was probably the
best thing I've ever done for my health
I had gotten to the point where I only
drink about once a week you know maybe
on the weekends going out with friends
or whatever but I got to the point where
I could have one drink and the next day
I would be done on the couch in bed on
the floor it was Bad News Bears so I
thought well I'm just going to stop
drinking for a month and after that
month I realized that I didn't want to
drink if you do want to drink I from my
research it sounds like sarak is the
best choice it's vodka that is made from
distilled grapes there's no grains in it
or anything of course if you want to
celebrate a big event or milestone in
your life with a couple you know
champagne toast it's not going to hurt
you to have you know a Vibe here and
there but I my number one tip would be
to significantly cut down on alcohol
save it for special
occasion that probably just made me
super
unpopular with you guys but my second
tip might make me even less popular and
that is
to uh eliminate daily caffeine intake
significantly cut down on caffeine now
having a cup of coffee or you know even
a healthier version of a soda a couple
times a week isn't terrible it's when
it's to the point of addiction where you
cannot function without your caffeine
you're having withdrawals with caffeine
is a stimulant it increases our heart
rate which can make us feel anxious keep
you really wired but the the worst
contributing factor in my mind of
caffeine is that it can lead to adrenal
fatigue um among with other factors and
if you have adrenal fatigue you know
that it is no walk in the park
oh you guys hate me now but in the
meantime until you can break your
caffeine addiction um and then when you
do want to indulge in caffeine I
recommend a few healthier
Alternatives so for coffee if you're
drinking coffee regular coffee is so
heavily pesticides full pesticides you
would phrase that correctly it is full
of pesticides so when you are drinking
regular coffee you're drinking straight
pesticides straight poison um I could do
a whole another video on pesticides but
basically it impacts your health
extremely negatively and organic coffee
does not do that so I would switch to
organic coffee if you are a coffee
drinker and you love your coffee in the
morning or at night or during whenever
you drink your
coffee tip number four is for soda
drinkers um if you are going to drink a
conventional soda a sugary like real
sugar soda is actually better for your
health than a diet soda because the
artificial sweeteners are so bad for
your health
aspartame of course there are other ones
but they're all sort of similar um
aspartame also known as neutr Suite or
equal your body actually processes
aspartame into form Malahide now we all
know from Malahide is horrible causes
tons of Health ramifications just by
breathing it so this is something that
we're ingesting that actually turns into
falde inside of our bodies I don't know
if you guys are familiar with Dr mola
but um he is an article on his website
saying it's actually the most dangerous
substance that's added to Foods on our
Market period I just I just want to read
you some of the adverse reactions that
people have to aspartame reported by the
FDA and those are headaches migraines
dizziness seizures nausea numbness
muscle spasms weight gain rashes
depression fatigue irritability
tardia tachicardia I should say that
word because I get it insomnia vision
problems hearing loss heart palpitations
breathing problems um anxiety slurred
speech loss of taste ttis vertigo memory
loss and joint pain aspartame can also
trigger some chronic illnesses and other
conditions like brain tumors Ms epilepsy
chronic fatigue Alzheimer's lymphoma
fibromyalgia and diabetes and that is
from the da I'm not reading you some
sort of holistic if I mean obviously I
believe in Natural Health but there are
people out there who think that Natural
Health and alternative medicine holistic
Healthcare is um like Voodoo Witchcraft
and that is straight from the FDA you
guys that is not something that I've
made up I understand the need for a cool
fizzy delicious sweet
refreshment because I used to love
regular soda and D diet soda I
personally have switched to healthier
versions that I want to share with you
number one is Zia Zia is a soda but it
is sweetened only with Xylitol and
Stevia now Stevia if you guys don't know
is the most healthy sweetener on Earth
it is a plant leaf um it's no sugar no
carbs your body doesn't process it like
any other sugars it doesn't affect your
blood sugar levels um it's zero calories
it's incredible and but I feel like most
people know what Stevia is now Xylitol
might be a little more foreign to you
now xylol is a sugar alcohol it has no
sugar content or calories but it does
have a little bit of carb content it's
sort of confusing I can I will post a
definition of sugar alcohol in the down
bar this can of Zia this is the Cherry
Cola flavor it tastes almost exactly
like Wild Cherry Pepsi it is delicious
it has zero calories zero sugar
zero protein and then four G of uriol
which leads which is where the four car
four G of carbohydrates comes from this
stuff is incredible there's so many
different flavors there are caffeinated
flavors there are non-caffeinated
flavors along the same lines is lacroy
lroy is literally one of my favorite
things ever um there's so many flavors
they're all so refreshing and bubbly and
flavored but they also have great
scents if you just want like a delicious
refreshing beverage that isn't plain
water I love lroy uh lroy is there's so
many flavors there especially now
there's these new ones there's apricot
and mango but there's regular ones like
lime lemon orange crayon raspberry so
many flavors you can find these
literally anywhere Zas are harder to
find but you can find Lor literally
anywhere my third recommendation in this
category if you need a yummy flavored
beverage that isn't soda or coffee is
herbal teas like this one this is
roasted danion root tea it's organic
from traditional medicinals it smells
good it tastes really good but the
danion root is really great for your uh
supporting your liver and promoting
detoxification so not only are you
getting a really delicious tasting
beverage but it has some health benefits
as well I have so many great tea
recommendations I am obsessed with tea
and if you guys want to hear more about
my favorite teas and where to find them
click this link here I did a whole video
pretty much on my favorite flavors of
tea tip number five is obviously drink
more water um one of the biggest
problems with pretty much all of us is
that we are dehydrated and we don't
really realize it unless we're very
conscious about drinking enough water
throughout the day and easy ways to do
that one is grab a c buy a couple big n
jeans if you don't already have some and
then and then make sure that you drink a
whole Nene by certain times of the day
one when you wake up one say at 11: one
at 3: Etc or if you just don't really
love the taste of plain water you could
do infused Waters which is one of my
favorite things as well and you could
buy something fancy like this which is a
water pitcher infuser but you certainly
don't need this all you need is just a
pitcher or even your glass and put the
things that you want to infuse into it
in the picture or glass of course fruit
infused water is probably what comes to
mind first but don't forget the yummy
vegetables and fresh herbs too one of my
favorite concoctions is just sliced
thinly orange lime and lemons cucumber
lime cucumber mint cucumber basil
depends if you want Spa water fruity
water um strawberry basil watermelon
strawberry basil possibilities are
literally
unless okay now the part that some of
you have probably been waiting for which
is how I quit my caffeine addiction now
I should probably preface this by saying
my caffeine addiction was a very short
amount of time and it was this past
summer I was kind of confused why like
it was so hard to get off of caffeine
because I'd never drank enough of it to
get addicted to it but this summer we
were in the midst of moving and a couple
other life events and I just like really
needed some Zia in the mornings and so I
was drinking my Zia or um you know even
some days if I was in a pinch of regular
soda just to get going in the morning
and I only drank about half a can of
soda which is about 4 oz so I what I did
is I you know I realized okay I'm
drinking 4 oz I'm going to bring that
down a notch by 25% so I went down to 3
oz and I got like a little measuring cup
and measured exactly 3 oz so I had those
3 oz for 3 days in a row after those 3
days I went down another notch to 2 oz
um so I had the 2 oz for a a second
chunk of 3 days after those three days
so total of six days now I went down to
1 oz stayed on that for 3 Days although
I think I probably could have stopped
because one El really isn't that much
caffeine if you drink significantly more
caffeine than that which I'm guessing
most of you do if you cut down one day
in 25% you're getting withdrawal
symptoms go to 10% so basically go down
increments every 3 days whether 25% or
10% whatever your body is allowing you
to do do whatever you have to do so that
you are successful and healthy getting
off caffeine is really hard and I don't
want you guys going through withdrawal
just for the sake of getting off of it
because you can do it without withdrawal
symptoms let me know in the comments
below if you are planning to implement
any of these tips in January to get
healthier and also let me know what your
favorite beverage is thank you so much
for watching and I will see you next
time bye
guys