how to get rid of centipedes there are
more than 2,000 species of centipede in
the world most of which live almost
exclusively
Outdoors sometimes they Venture inside
especially during the colder months
although they are harmless to humans and
help kill lots of spiders and insects
around the house their bite does contain
Venom and they aren't the most elegant
of household guests if you want to know
how to rid your home of centipedes once
and for all here's what to do one kill
them on site they freakishly long legs
make them very fast so you'll have to be
quick centipedes don't usually invade
homes in large numbers so you may be
able to get rid of your problem just by
stomping on or bug spraying everyone you
see note that if you are afraid to even
approach or be near the centipede even
vacuum cleaners won't be useful if you
don't want to kill the centipede you can
try to catch it in a jar and release it
outside but this usually leads to a high
pitched scream a broken jar and a free
Centipede two try setting up sticky
traps just place them in corners and
crevices where centipedes tend to hunt
you may also catch other insects that
are sneakily crawling around your home
know that larger centipedes that walk
over sticky or glue traps May escapee by
simply leaving behind a couple legs
sticky traps are most effective for
smaller centipedes not larger ones three
try an insecticide if none of these
natural remedies work keep in mind that
insecticides are only temporary
solutions any garden supply store will
carry these products just make sure to
follow the package directions even
though these products shouldn't kill
pits or humans it's best not to have
prolonged contact with them sticky traps
could possibly alert you to heavy
traffic areas allowing you to spray
these areas or place more sticky traps
if one of your sticky traps turns out to
be really popular and none of your other
ones do chances are the popular one is
where you should focus most of your
attention if you want to kill the
centipedes but you don't want to poison
the Earth yourself or your pets you can
use natural pesticides like baric acid
or food grade diet ous Earth for
continual centipede control products
containing plant derived by Aran will
exterminate centipedes on contact and
can be used as a fog or spray four put
down a barrier around your entire home
whether it's chemical insecticide
natural insecticide or rather think
about creating a moat likee barrier
around the outside of your house because
C cedes originate outside and come
inside when they do they'll travel into
the insecticide barrier if they happen
to make it inside they should be dead or
near death by the time you find them try
using the organic pesticide containing
cilin which is used mainly for ants but
does double duty for
centipedes five look for professional
help if you've tried everything under
the sun to help eradicate the creepy
crawly pests it may be time to Pony up
and hire an exterminator exterminators
May crawl your home for potential
entrance points locate and Destroy any
stiped eggs and spray parts of your home
with effective pesticides we probably
don't want to admit it but exterminators
do a better job of locating the problem
and ensuring that it goes away they're
worth the money if you can afford it and
are at your wits
[Music]
end
thanks for watching for
[Music]
watching