attention the following program contains
lots of over-the-top [ __ ] viewer
discretion
advised kit
boy let me start out by addressing this
[ __ ] we have here we have Cheetos
charging everybody in their Mas 59
[ __ ] cents for this little ass
sampler pack of hot cheddar air and had
the audacity to say two for a dollar
like that makes any [ __ ] difference
like I can't understand this [ __ ] man
whatever just go ahead and add both of
these little ass bags to a food
processor or a [ __ ] blender whichever
one you got just make sure you have at
least one because it's not going to work
if you don't have at least a blender go
ahead and blend it all up make it about
the size of breadcrumbs you don't want
it any thicker than that because your
mozzarella stick's going to look stupid
as
hell all right I have an egg wash
mixture in my my left pan that's just
about three eggs with four a little bit
of water then I go ahead and just add
the breadcrumbs to it and I like to add
some actual breadcrumbs to it because
who the [ __ ] just wants a whole thing of
Hot Cheetos that's stupid then go ahead
and add some Italian seasoning just to
give it that little bit of a kick a nice
little flavor flavor explosion in your
mouth if like to say then go ahead and
mix it up you can use a whisk your hands
a [ __ ] Fork like I'm using or you can
[ __ ] use your mama's crusty toes
whatever the [ __ ] you want to use use it
all look so I didn't grow up with these
uh just cuz my mom never like bought
them for me but uh they all right I
guess um go ahead and dump it in the the
[ __ ] eggs then dumping it back in the
breadcrumbs and then we're going to dump
it back in the eggs and then we're going
to dunk it in the breadcrumbs and for
real for real when you when it's done it
should kind of all look like a
mozzarella stick with like strawberry
shortcake [ __ ] on it I
think um listen don't put anything in
[ __ ] cold oil like don't be a dumbass
like kind of just let it heat up like I
mean I don't mean to offend anybody but
come on like look how dumb that looks it
looks like it looks so [ __ ] [ __ ]
like it's hard to watch it looks like
it's
suffering see look instant instant
kill all right go ahead and put
everything in the pan it should be nice
and bubbly about 3 75 when you add it in
there and the reason why you want to add
it in there around 375 too is because if
you don't all the [ __ ] coating is
going to come off and then you ain't
going to do have nothing but [ __ ]
fried cheese like how [ __ ] is
that oh man I think these actually might
be all right do you see
this they actually look like mozzarella
[Music]
sticks oh that one kind of busted
prematurely but that's okay um yeah and
after you're finished it should really
look like mozzarella sticks that's
[ __ ] dope actually like really
[ __ ]
dope
wow that's
[Music]
cool he