[Music]
hi everybody it's Brad from the big
family Homestead Channel and in this
video I'm going to share with you six
cool unusual odd or maybe just not so
well-known uses for rubbing alcohol so
let's get
[Music]
cracking rubbing alcohol well we
generally know that it's used for a
topical antiseptic uh antibacterial
cleansing agent and uh good for your
skin for cuts and scrapes and all that
kind of stuff we know that cuz we've
been doing it for years and well says so
right here on the label in this video
I'm going to share with you six cool
things that you may not have heard of
maybe a little lesser known or something
you know that I just found interesting
six different cool uses for rubbing
alcohol warning rubbing alcohol is
dangerous stuff don't mess around with
this be safe be careful these are just
suggestions I'm not telling telling you
what to do but I am saying be safe they
be dumb an emergency can heater that's
right you can take a uh you know remove
the core of a toilet paper roll by the
way I have a video for this if you want
to check it out um on how to do it but
it's really easy you you remove the core
of a toilet paper roll and you ram it
really hard the toilet paper down into a
painters can an empty painters can you
fill it up with that rubbing alcohol and
it makes a f fast clean burning heater
that will heat up a room real quick so
an emergency heater be careful though
the uh the uh clearly the alcohol is
very flammable you don't want to catch
anything on fire that would be very very
silly and unnecessary be careful you can
use rubbing alcohol to spray on a window
that's frosted over let's say that you
got to get gone and you don't want to be
out scraping your windshield uh so what
do you do you just take out some old
spray spritzer spray uh spray down the
windshield and it will just kind of SOS
right off and you are on your way easy
peasy lemon squeezy you can use rubbing
alcohol as a way to clean a candle not a
lit candle mind you that would be very
silly once again the Flaming and the
burning and the no no no no not a lit
candle but let's say that you're like
you know I don't know me and you have
some candles laying around that you
haven't used in a while and they get a
bunch of uh dust in there well you're
just going to take just a little little
bit of rubbing alcohol on say a
washcloth or a rag of some kind you
clean it out like that and then you
leave it sit leave it sit let it air out
let all those fumes go away for quite a
while but then you don't have the
whole thing happening if you light the
candle and there's like a/ inch of dust
in there so there you go cool use you
can use rubbing alcohol as a way to get
ticks off of your pets your animals your
livestock a lot easier basically get a
cotton ball get it good and soaked with
that rubbing alcohol and sit it right on
top of that little critter it's does
they do not like the smell and they're
going to try and wriggle away and
wriggle away and then all you got to do
is just gently remove them kill that
Beast get rid of it whatever you're
going to do and then clean off that area
with the rubbing alcohol so bam another
stinking awesome use you can also use
rubbing alcohol as a shapable ice pack
yeah that's right it's pretty cool you
take one part rubbing alcohol to three
parts water put it in one of those
watertight Ziploc baggy things and
freeze it up and then you can bend it
move it manipulate it and make your boo
boos feel oh so much better and lastly
but not leastly at least for this list
you can use rubbing alcohol in a fine
Mist sprayer to get rid of pesky fruit
flies and gnats just spray it in the air
they smell it they don't like it bam
they're gone down down down be careful
though once again no open Flames if
you're spraying the stuff where there's
a candle you're going to be in for a
world of hurt and probably an emergency
room visit pay attention be careful be
safe also make sure you don't spray it
where it's going to adversely affect
whatever's underneath it so use at your
own caution so there you have it folks
six cool uses for rubbing alcohol this
stuff is Handy got to keep it around at
all times I would say lots of uses for
it please do not forget to put your uses
down down there in the comments below if
I've missed something that you found was
cool or unusual uh please put it down
there so anyway also subscribe come on
people hook a brother up subscribe pass
the video around you know the drill I
greatly appreciate it sood there's my
family you guys have an amazing day