hey guys welcome or welcome back to my
channel so for this week's video I'm
gonna be sharing with you a Pottery Barn
slipcover hack it will save you lots and
lots of money so if you have not seen it
already I put out a video where I bought
some old tired
Pottery Barn sofas from let go and they
were just in bad condition and I just
redid the cushions on them before I
purchased these sofas which did not have
slipcovers I researched online and I
found people saying that the IKEA act or
couches were very similar to this and
you could use the slipcovers on them and
that's as far as it went
nobody on the internet that I could find
actually showed what they looked like on
the sofas I've just heard people talking
about it and saying that they were gonna
get it and I was like oh that's amazing
like you can get those slipcovers for
really cheap way easier to stomach than
several hundred dollars for each of them
but as I bought these sofas and the sub
covers I realized that they did not fit
really well like at all I mean they fit
on it but there was just banging
everywhere so without further ado let me
show you how I tailored my IKEA exhort
slipcovers to my Pottery Barn couch and
let's see both of them so this is what
the sub covers look like on the sofa
without any tailoring you can see that
there's just bagginess and excess fabric
I mean if they slip on there but that's
about it
[Music]
so the first order of business was to
take it off and put it back on inside
out so you have access to all of the
seams so I'm gonna start on the arm
first I just went ahead and made
everything tight as I could and started
pinning it down just to hold the fabric
in place
[Music]
[Music]
after you have everything seem ripped
you're gonna want to breathe tighten
everything back and tailor it to the
curve of the front of the couch you do
this by lining up that piping with the
seam of the couch that's already there
and then pulling the fabric taut on
either side
[Music]
so for this corner I did not want to
have to deal with hook tailoring the
corner so I just pulled it tight so the
corner fit and then I had this team here
to seem right
[Music]
so for this one you don't have a scene
to follow because it doesn't fit quite
perfectly so you just want to bring it
as hot as possible and pin it down so
for this part underneath the armrest I'm
just pinching the fabric together and
seeing where it needs to go under the
crease there and then pinning where my
fingers land
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
now the technique for sewing is just to
so basically on top of your pin very
slowly and carefully and just remove the
pin before you break your sewing machine
needle which I may or may not have done
the trick here is just to go slow okay
so I sewed this straight line here to
get it to Taylor here and you see that
it's drooping a little bit I'm gonna
attach a little bit of velcro to that
because there's a Velcro strip on this
pouch already if you don't have a velcro
strip on this couch you can just use
some fabric glue and glue a little piece
of velcro there and that'll just keep it
nice and tight right there I put it back
on just to show you where I'm at right
now but if I were doing this without
showing you I would just so all of this
and all of that where I pinned it before
but I wanted to show you where was that
and kind of just show you just this
coming together excuse all the mess um
my house is a disaster at this point but
I just wanted to show you how it's
coming together and just try to make it
as clear as possible and try to confuse
you as little as possible but now I am
going to go ahead and just pin all of
this together I may trim this just to
make it so it's not bulky like this I
will trim it all the way across and go
ahead and pin the sides and I will pin
this you know as I did this point and
seam all of it so I trimmed off the seam
allowance just a little bit there to
make it less bulky and here I'm just
pinning the piping along the seam
is the same as I did on the curb
[Music]
okay I put it on the right way this time
and this is what it looks like all
finished I need to iron it out of it it
looks way better way more tailored it's
not you know factory but it's so much
better than it was and so much cheaper
so now I have to tighten all of this
together and what I'm gonna do here is I
am going to seam rip here up to there
and along there and just have this panel
not have a seen going down the middle so
I'm gonna just tighten it on the sides
to you know have it match this one which
is very messy and disheveled for the
rest of it I'm just going to pinch it
here and kind of sew a straight line you
know up and over on the back I didn't
want to try to not have the seam on the
backside because that's just a lot of
work because this is a lot of curves and
you know it's already done so I don't
want to mess with that
yes that's my dog's toy box but yeah I
am going to put it back on inside out
and seam rip and tighten everything up
[Music]
okay so I'm in the middle of pinning
this all the way up and over the
backside but I noticed that there is
actually velcro on this already and I
don't need it to attach the cushions or
anything so I remove this from this side
I'm gonna go ahead and do the same thing
on this side
I'm not going to film it because pretty
self-explanatory I'm just gonna seam rip
that off and then I'm going to use it to
attach this to the velcro that's
actually on the sofa itself
okay guys another update for you my
camera died so I went ahead and did a
few things I sewed up this Center seam
here all the way up there actually sewed
it twice because the first time it
wasn't tight enough so I just went ahead
and we did it
and for this bottom panel here if you're
gonna do this only remove what like the
center part and one side you don't have
to remove the other I just ended up
reselling that back together and yeah
now I'm gonna reap in all of this there
and so along there but I also wanted to
show you the back here so this back part
of the couch um I was gonna just do a
center seam but I really don't want to
do that so what I'm gonna do is I am
going to and get close here I'm going to
take this and do that treatment to it
and kind of just create it don't know
what kind of pleat that is but it's kind
of it's just a pleat and then I'm just
gonna sew that there so it'll have all
of this excess fabric back here still
but it's gonna have a pleat so it'll be
tight where it needs to be tight up here
so I'm gonna go ahead and do that so it
and I'll take you along the process with
that
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
to sew the velcro on there I just
flipped it over on the right side and
did a stitch in the ditch basically you
run the sewing machine needle through
the same line that you already made when
you sewed it previously if you want to
know more about stitching in the ditch
I'll put an article in the description
ok guys I think I'm done I have sewn
everything so now comes the part where
I'm just gonna go ahead and trim of the
excess material to about a half inch on
each seam and just you know clean it up
a little bit more and then after that I
think we're done this couch is done
except for the velcro I have to fix I
have to add the velcro to the sides
because if you look here it's just
poaching out a little bit and it would
just look nicer if I had the velcro to
attach it I'm gonna go ahead and do that
trim this fabric and then I will show
you what it looks like when it's all
finished and staged and a lot cleaner
[Music]
okay so I'm gonna stop the montage of
the finished product right now and just
tell you because I forgot to say earlier
that the slipcovers for the cushions and
the back of the couch work without any
tailoring you kind of have to stuff the
back cushions a little bit in there but
they fit perfectly and I didn't have to
tailor anything I just wanted to throw
that in there so people weren't pious as
to why I did not tailor the seat and
back cushions now back to the montage
[Music]
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope it helps you out I know
this video is not for everybody but I
just wanted to put it out there because
a couple of people requested it when I
put out the previous video about the
sofas and I wanted something to be on
the internet for poor people like me who
are trying to save a little bit of money
here and there because I just have not
found anybody to actually show what it
looks like all completed so there you go
that's the video for this week
I hope you liked it I hope you guys are
all doing well yeah I think that's it I
hope you guys all have amazing weeks and
I will see you guys in the next video as
always
bye guys
[Music]