good morning everyone and thank you for
attending this lifestyle TV class on
heat transfer material buying guide my
name is Jody Edgar and today we're going
to be talking about going basically over
the top for aa cadcut heat transfer
materials for apparel decorating so when
you are getting into the business and
you're going to be starting to decorate
different garments whether it's a
t-shirt a hoodie a bag jacket um you
want to definitely get the correct
material for that particular garment
that you're going to be decorating so
here at stalls we actually have our top
four materials and today I'm going to go
over those with you and explain how they
work the different finishes you can
receive are the different colors that
they come in also give you the
application instructions for them with
the time temperature and pressure which
are very important important when it
comes to heat printing and basically I'm
going to also help you go over the
factors that you want to consider when
you are heat printing with these
different types of materials and what
you want to look for for the different
finishes so we're going to go over to
the hotronix fusion we're going to heat
apply some garments show you the
different finishes and then after we get
them all heat press I'll come back to
the table explain them to you and then
if you have any questions you can reach
out on our form on our website and then
I'll personally answer those and get
back in touch with you so let's go over
to the hotronix fusion will start heat
pressing so first we're going to start
with our taut material which is for
lightweight decorating it's called
fashion film it's thin its lightweight
it's great for cotton and polyester it
has a sticky backing so you can cut fine
detail first we're going to start with a
one color design so here we have a plain
red t-shirt we're going to put a one
color design
show you some a little bit of finer
detail and with this design so when your
heat pressing fashionfilm you want to uh
set your heat press at 320 degrees for
about 10 seconds and it is going to be a
medium pressure uh you know what we'll
do a hover the head shot here so first
we're going to load our garment on to
the heat press we're going to lock the
heat press down to remove all the
moisture and wrinkles and then we're
going to take our design line it up here
we're going to cover it with a cover
sheet so there's no exposed vinyl so it
doesn't stick to the top of your heat
press so we're going to cover out that
with the cover sheet we're going to lock
the heat press down for 10 seconds so
what you want to look for in a
lightweight t-shirt material you
basically want it to be thin lightweight
and soft hand in the fashion film is
exactly it's thin its lightweight its
soft hand because when you are
decorating t-shirts you don't want it to
be heavy and basically you don't want
the material to weigh the garment down
so with this as you can see it's thin
its lightweight it almost feels like a
screen print on the garment on this
particular material we do sell we
actually have it in about 40 different
colors the nice thing that I like about
it of course with the carrier it has a
sticky backing so if you are doing fine
detail as you can tell with the chevron
design so basically for example this
would come off when you are weeding it
out since it does have a sticky backing
you would be able to lay it down and
reposition it and heat apply it so this
is a one color light weight heat
transfer material called fashion film
next I'm going to go ahead I want to
change the platen out because I'm going
to go ahead and decorate a zip-up jacket
I want to show you the finer
detail that you can do with the
fashionfilm since it does have to stick
your backing so we're going to replace
it with our six by ten ply in grab the
garment here so this is a just a basic
zip up jacket the reason why I use the
six side ten platen basically I didn't
want to use the six sixteen by twenty
because of the zipper I don't want that
to melt or make the heat press have
uneven pressure so we're going to load
the garment on to the platen so as you
can tell with this lanzhi dance studio
does have some finer detail so we're
going to line that up get my cover sheet
now since we did change out the platen
we are probably going to have to change
the pressure I'm going to lock that down
for 320 degrees for about 10 seconds and
then we're going to remove the carrier
so there we have a completed zip up
Hoodie with it i 320Â° for ten seconds
has very fine detail and we'll go over
these after I get them Heat Pro heat
press so you can see them and now I want
to show you with this lightweight heat
transfer material I actually want to
show you what we have is called a he's
easy press advantage so basically when
you are decorating a lot of people stay
away from to color designs they had
materials I have shrunk in the design
that they created is not lining up
properly so I'm going to show you what
our fashionfilm can do with a two color
design so let me grab the garment here
and I'll talk about it so we're going to
load the garment onto the platen
we're going to remove the moisture and
wrinkles all right so here we have this
lines basketball which is a two color
design red and black so a lot of times
when your heat applying and you have a
two color design when you go to lay the
bottom layer down for the full
application and then you go to try to
line up the top layer a lot of times the
material has shrugged and it's not
lining up properly so I'm going to show
you a little secret to our fashionfilm
it cause the easy press advantage so
what we're going to do we're going to
talk take this bottom layer we're going
to heat apply it for two seconds we're
going to remove the carrier we're going
to take the top layer line it up we're
going to cover it with the cover sheet
and now we're going to heat apply for
the full application of ten seconds so
nice thing about fashionfilm yes it does
have an easy press advantage so you can
heat apply it for two seconds remove the
carrier and then heat apply for the full
application and you don't have to worry
about the material shrinking and not
lining up properly so here we have a two
color design with the easy press
advantage alright so now that we went
over the lightweight heat transfer
material fashionfilm
next i want to go over athletic wear so
when you're decorating athletics like
jerseys here we'll go back to the main
camera so when you're decorating for
athletics whether you're doing football
baseball basketball soccer hockey you're
going to be using some uniforms I'm here
we have a uniform a garment from
teamwork athletic so you can do names
and numbers on front and back of the
particular jersey so you want to look
for a material that's going to be
durable it's going to withstand
when a helmet comes into contact with
that jersey so what here it starts what
we recommend is thermo-film thermofilm
is it is a thicker material it's durable
you can buy it
precut you can buy it by the role or
yardage
so how thermofilm works is once you buy
a pre-cut or you cut it on a vinyl
cutter you can heat apply it onto a
Jersey and again it's going to be
durable it's not going to crack or peel
or fall off the garments it also blocks
dye migration and what dye migration
means for example if you got a red
polyester Jersey and you were to apply a
white name or number onto that Jersey
once you launder it wash it dry it um
nine times out of ten the white chain to
turn pink so what that is is that
actually the dyes from the garment has
bled through onto the number and then
the name in the number
so with this thermofilm it actually
blocks the dye migration so if we had a
red polyester Jersey and we put a white
name and number on it the white will
actually stay white so we're going to
heat put this I'll show you how adorable
it is there we go alright so we have our
Jersey we're going to load it onto the
corner onto the platen so first we're
going to do the back of the garments
we're going to remove all the moisture
or wrinkles
now thermofilm does apply at 320 degrees
for about six to eight seconds and it is
a medium pressure so let's put our name
Digga here
we'll get our pre-cut number nine and we
definitely want to use a cover sheet
because we don't want that number nine
to stick to the top of the heat press so
we'll cover this with the cover sheet
we're going to lock it down for 320
degrees
so here we have our name in our number
we're going to spin it around and we're
also getting to do the front of the
jersey by adding another number cover
that with a cover sheet and we're going
to heat apply for 320 degrees so nice
thing about thermo-film is it is durable
because you want something I won't crack
or pill under abrasion when it does come
in contact so now we have a completed
Jersey name number on the front we have
a number so nice thing about our film
again box remote here so nice thing
about the thermo film again it is
durable it's not going to crack under
when it comes in contact with other
players it does block dye migration you
can buy by the roll or you can also buy
it pre cuts so the third type of
material we're going to talk about is
for performance where performance wear
is getting bigger every day with
performance where a lot of people have
had trouble decorating it we actually
have a material that you can use is
called premium plus you can heat applied
at a low temperature it has the stretch
ability for the garments you can buy it
by the roll or again you combine and pre
cuts so I'm going to grab the gormers
for the premium plus and I'll show you
that alright so here we have two
garments we have a performance wear that
does have a lot of stretch to it and
then we have a tribe leg which is
becoming very popular in the performance
wear especially for the ladies so we're
going to heat press these and I'll show
you the stretch ability on those as well
we'll go back to the camera so when
you're decorating performance where what
you want to look for you want it to be
soft and lightweight and you of course
you want the stretch to it as well so
we're going to load our performance
we're onto the platen we're going to
remove all the moisture and wrinkles and
we're going to get our transfer again
some of these designs might be crooked
it's not my strong point
all right so creamy plus does apply you
can do it at right now I have the heat
press on 320 degrees you can actually
draw Premium Plus down to 280 degrees in
the class say I'm going to try I'm going
to drop it down to 300 and you want to
heat apply for about 8 seconds all right
so we did drop the temperature down to
300 degrees for the classics we're just
going to do the 320 degrees and it
should be okay alright and then
thermofilm I'm sorry Premium Plus is a
warm pill so just give it a couple
seconds to cool down shake it off you
can put it on the wall and then we're
going to remove the carrier so again
with the premium does have a lot of
stretch so I want to show you the
stretch ability on it so once we stretch
it it goes right back into place and of
course we did not have a heat printing
box which is always a plus nobody wants
to walk around the heat mark on their
shirt so nice thing about the Premium
Plus again it is thin its soft its
lightweight it does stretch and again
you can heat apply it under low
temperature so you can avoid the
scorching marks on the performance
fabrics also nice thing about Premium
Plus the stretch one it is light weights
so you real soft on the gore
it's so if you're decorating again the
purpose we're like the Nike the Under
Armour shirts
you'll have no problem with the Premium
Plus all right now we're going to get
the tri-blend shirt we're going to load
that onto our plied we're going to
remove the moisture and wrinkles and let
me get our design alright we're going to
lock that down for six to eight for
eight seconds alright we're going to let
that cool for a second and I want to
talk about a little bit with the carrier
so with the fashionfilm we talked about
earlier it does have a stickier carrier
so you will be able to do fine detail
with the Premium Plus not so much the
carrier is actually not that sticky so I
mean you can do some fine detail I won't
recommend a whole lot as you can tell
with this shirt we have done some fine
detail with the eye in the nose on the
blackhawks
but again it does give you that stretch
ability on the garments all right
you grab the camera here so what we're
going to talk about now is we went over
the top materials for stalls whether
it's being lightweight that would be our
fashioned film athletics would be
thermofilm and of course the performance
where we recommend the premium Plus now
we're going to get into the special
effect materials so first we're just
with the glitter it is a I the glitter
flake it gives you a true glitter
textured finish it's really popular with
cheerleaders dancers any of the girls we
love the bling so I'm gonna graduate
transfer and a shirt and show you about
the glitter flake
all right so glitter flake it actually
comes in 38 different colors this is our
neon pink which is very popular again
with the girls
everybody loves the bling and now we're
going to heat press this and I'll show
you how that works so the glitter flake
is actually really good for creating
special effects because again it does
give you the true glitter textured
finish and it can go on caught in a
polyester so if you're decorating
t-shirts hoodies jackets anything like
that you'll have no problem so a glitter
flake does apply at 320 degrees get our
heat press back up here and we're going
to heat apply it for about 10 seconds so
we're going to remove the moisture and
wrinkles we're going to take our
transfer we're going to cover it with
the cover sheet and now we're going to
lock the heat press now for 10 seconds
so again the glitter flake again it
gives you eyes perfect for creating
special effects gives you a true glitter
textured finish you can put on cloth and
polyesters we actually carry this
product in over 38 different colors and
there we have a blinged-out shirt and
unless we're going to go over is
actually a market that is growing you go
back to the camera here it's actually a
market that's been growing on the
reflective market so whether you're
dealing with EMS police ambulance of
course we went our men and women to be
safe so the reflective is a certified
material um it gives you that reflective
finish so I want to go over that with
you and get our camera
and this thing about the reflective is
actually you can hit new markets with
this so we have our performance we're
now reflective is going to heat apply at
325 degrees for about 10 seconds so
we're at 320 then we remove the moisture
and wrinkles all right we're going to
take our transfer now nice thing about
3m reflective as you can tell it does
have a stickier carrier carrier so
you'll be able to do a little bit of
fine detail with that we're going to
take our cover sheet and we're going to
cover that and lock that down for 10
seconds
it is a cool pill so you duct you
definitely don't want to UM you want to
let it cool down so whether you have a
wall or what I do is I just shake it and
there we have it we have a finished
reflective garments and as you can tell
in the camera how much it the shine so
again you can't hit actually new markets
with this particular material it's great
for the reflective finishes just gives
you an option to hit markets that you
really haven't thought of whether it's
the fire EMS please construction just to
keep our men and women safe grab this
here now we're going to go back to the
table I'm going to show you all the
different garments that we decorated
talk to him talk to you a little bit
about them and again if you have any
questions you can bug please answer it
on the forum on our website Kenny one
take me over there we go so the first
thing we went over was odd the thin
lightweight t-shirt material and that
was our fashion film fashion film you
can buy by the pre cuts or by the yard
so this was the one color white fashion
film that we've done again it's thin
it's lightweight ah to me it almost
feels like a screen printed transfer you
really won't be able to tell that it is
vinyl doesn't have a lot of stretch
ability but again is great for cotton
and polyesters this was our zip up
jacket that we did with the left chest
logo again it gives you the fine detail
has a true matte finish and then the
last but not least on that particular
material we did a two color design the
nice thing about fashionfilm it has the
easy press advantage where what we do we
tack down the red layer for two seconds
we remove the coverage of the carrier
and then we took our top layer and we
did we heat applied it for the full
application at 320 degrees again it's
still soft lightweights it still feels
like a screen printed transfer on the
garment and as you can tell it lined up
perfectly it did not shrink or anything
like that
so that was our lightweight a heat
transfer material fashion film next
we're going to talk about thermo-film
thermofilm was for your athletics so if
you're decorating football baseball
basketball soccer hockey you want
something that's going to be durable
it's not going to crack or pill ah when
a helmet comes into contact with it and
a lot of times with these particular
jerseys they do bleed so again the
thermo-film walks you block the die
migration from coming through so for
example again and we had a red polyester
Jersey and we put a white number on it
the white will stay White's
and again you can buy it in the pre-cut
or you can buy a buy yard so that was
our Jersey material for athletics and
then we went into performance wear which
is getting bigger every day
so what you want to look for in
performance wear you want something that
won't burn like scorch under heat so
with the premium plus it's soft it's
light weights and it does have the
stretch to it again it will we stretched
it down it went right back into place
and also you can buy that by the yard
you
right in a roll or you can buy it pre
cuts and it was a material op and as you
can tell another thing with this shirt
it did not leave a heat printing box on
the garment as well so you can tack
Premium Plus down ad it does say I 300
degrees which you can go down as low as
280 degrees and then we did the tri
blend which is really pot it's becoming
also very popular we did our Blackhawks
of course I wouldn't recommend doing
very fine detail with Premium Plus
because the carrier is not as sticky as
it is with our fashion film but it does
give you the stretch it's really soft
and lightweight on the garments and then
we went to our special effect materials
if you are looking for again the girls
love the bling so if you're looking for
something that gives you a true glitter
textured finish we do recommend the
glitter flake it comes in 38 different
colors you can put on t-shirts hoodies
anything cotton in polyester and again
as you field it is a true glitter
textured finish it's not going to flake
or fall off the garment a lot of people
think that the glitter flake you'll have
glitter all over your hands that's not
the case and then we went with the
reflective reflective is becoming very
popular so as you can tell in the camera
angle I gives you that reflective finish
so again you can hit new markets so
whether you're trying to reach like the
EMS police construction of course you
want those men and women to be safe this
is a perfect material for that so we
went over all the top four materials
with the cadcut heat transfer material
we did the light way for your t-shirts
we did the athletics the performance
wear in the special effects I do thank
you for taking the time today on your
busy schedule to come to this class with
me let me teach you a little bit about
the our top four materials if you do
have any questions whatsoever regarding
whether it's a fabric or the material I
just please I'll complete the forum on
our website and again I thank you for
taking the time today with me and you
have a great day