[Applause]
hi my name is Justin Castleman I own
Castleman and Suns Plumbing we are a
residential commercial and Industrial
Service contractor uh we do remodel
renewable such as solar hot water and
Energy Efficiency projects such as high
efficiency water heaters and we also do
water conservation high efficiency
toilets fixtures and
appliances this morning we had a phone
call from a previous customer uh he
called this floor drain was backing up
there was standing water so this morning
we brought the special equipment and
we're going to clean that piping out
underneath the basement floor and then
we're going to video inspect it to make
sure that we got it good and clean this
is a a sewer and drain cleaning machine
made by rigid they're probably the
leader in the world in this kind of
equipment this happens to be a M K 1500
it's called a SE sectional machine
meaning the cables come in 15 ft
sections and we snap them together as we
need additional foot footage we like
this machine over some of the drum type
machines because we have the ability to
feel what's going on in the drain while
we're cleaning so we can tell when we
hit a joint we can tell when we hit a
stoppage we have the ability to to sit
there and and continue to grind at that
point and really do an excellent job of
cleaning I brought a piece of pipe this
morning to demonstrate to the customer
some of the differences with the
equipment that we use this happens to be
a piece of 6-in in pipe a lot of older
homes the sewer between house and the
stre Street has 6in clay and it's a
common
mistake drain cleaners will take a a
cutter like this this is a 4in cutter
and when they put it in the pipe it lays
in the bottom 2/3 of the pipe but never
cleans the upper portion of the 6-in
drain so we have purchased and carry
special equipment this happens to be an
expanding head and when you put it in
small diameter piping it Springs open
and then as it rotates it cleans fully
that 6-in
pipe well we're just setting up the rid
K 1500 with the large cutter that I
demonstrated a few minutes
ago and I've got the first section 15t
section Cable in the machine and the
head is on on the cable and we're going
to start running the machine now when I
turn it on uh the machine spins the
cable but we feed it in by
hand
it's common for uh the customers to call
and say my floor drain's backing up the
floor drain is the lowest point in the
plumbing system and what really happened
is uh the piping under the floor backed
up and any water that's run in the
building comes out the lowest point and
that would be the floor Flor drain if
there was no floor drain it would back
up in the laundry tub cuz that's the
next fixture in the
system
now that's 30 ft of cable and now we're
going to go to the front cleanout where
this building drain underneath the floor
transitions to the building sewer where
it exits to the street we want to make
sure that our cable is at that point
then we know that we've cleaned the main
trunk line under the basement floor and
if so then we're going to run water cuz
we know we have the drain open and we're
going to clean on the way back does a
nice job and helps clean the equipment
off so we don't make a mess so this is
is the front cleanout or flush cleanout
we call it this is the transition
between the pipes under the floor and
the pipe between the house and the
street all the water that the customer
runs will pass this point so I'm looking
down in here now and I'm seeing water
run so we know the drain is flowing and
I can actually see my cable of my sewer
machine so we know that we've made it
this far and a little further so what
we're going to do now is we're going to
pull this pull the cable back cleaning
and after we do that then we're going to
put the camera down and we're going to
video inspected the cable is all the way
past the front cleanout which is good
that's what we want now what we're going
to do is we're running water in the
laundry tub cuz it it dumps into the
system right here so we're going to
clean pulling the cable back it's going
to clean the pipe a second time and it's
also going to clean my cable
off
earlier I demonstrated how important it
is to use the correct size cutter this
is that expanding head that I showed you
and what I want to do is turn it on and
show you how it
spins so what happens is I can get this
cutter into as as small as 3-in pipe
when we get the 4-in pipe then the
cutter opens up automatically the
centrifugal force of the cutter spinning
keeps it open and then when we get to
the 6in pipe it opens up the full full
diameter so it does a really fantastic
job of cleaning for us it does a really
fantastic job if you take the time and
use the right equipment we won't be
back all right we're ready to inspect
the sewer this is our rigid sea snake
200t sewer camera and also allows us to
burn a DVD so the customer has a hard
copy of the
video
all right we're ready to uh start
videotaping we're out to the cleanout we
know we've cleaned that far and we're
going to videotape coming backwards
because it's easier it helps keep the
head clean and while we're doing that
we're going to be copying it on the DVD
the inside of the pipe this is 4-in cast
iron the inside of the pipe is pretty
rough this is common again for the age
of this
house
and that is a joint and the joint itself
actually looks pretty
good we're out of the horizontal and in
the
vertical this would be horizontal and we
have 229 in of pipe and we can pinpoint
where a problem might
be or a stoppage might
be this snake also has a locating
feature it has a s unit in the head and
uh we can actually when we push it out
between the building and the street we
can actually locate the head so when we
find a problem we can just stop with the
camera turn the locator on and we can
actually find where in the yard that is
we can determine depth and we can
determine within about within about a
3X3 area where that is it's pretty
accurate okay there's the copy for the
customer