[Music]
guys welcome to my channel today I'm
gonna show you how to make a Carvalho
style ice cream cake at home it's going
to be even better than prevail because
you can use any ice cream you want you
can use non-gmo ice cream you can use
any flavors you want and you can mix
things up a little bit and personally I
think it is better than the Carvel cakes
I know exactly what's in it and we can
customize it to our family's needs
you're going to get two containers of
ice cream I was gonna say half gallons
but they're not half gallons anymore and
you're gonna want them to soften on the
counter the achok late' here I'll it's
often a little too much but it was fine
when it froze it was fine the vanilla I
saw that I could leave out for much less
time it doesn't take long to soften it
at least I didn't in my house and so
even though this was a little more
melted than I would have liked it turned
out fine
now when you use your springform pan I
put it in the freezer first so I just
you know soften the ice cream and then I
leveled it out and I froze that layer it
looked like I wasn't going to be able to
add all the vanilla because um you know
saw how much the chocolate took up but
it was crazy because I was able to add
all the vanilla I saved a little tiny a
little bit just because my son wanted it
and I could have put the whole container
in so it's it's too very deceiving
but right now once this is kind of level
we're going to take it put it in the
freezer and let that freeze
okay guys so what I'm doing making the
chocolate crumbles I'm just taking
really regular Oreos here and you're
moving the cream you know I'm not crazy
I'm just scraping it with a knife even
if it's some like that I usually don't
that's too much with that maybe just
scrape a little bit of it it's not gonna
really matter some people make it they
don't even take the cream out and then
with the butter knife I just try to
slice off as much as I can into this
under Bowl and put the tropical case in
there now this is a fiesta gusta both of
them I'm gonna crush those and see
because that might be enough because
we're gonna have hot fudge and we don't
want it over it so let me just get them
I'm gonna put them in a plastic bag and
kind of crush them with a tape measure a
rolling pin I don't want them too small
I could use my Vitamix or my food
processor but that is more when you're
making my Oreo truffles and you want
everything mix really well I do not want
he's really really small here we go all
right so I'm just gonna take a plastic
[Music]
[Music]
you're pretty easy expression out of the
bag
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right you just a couple more times
[Music]
Superfudge
[Music]
[Music]
I froze the springform pan before I
started so it's nice and cold when I put
the ice cream in but you saw how soft
the ice cream was I couldn't believe it
melted that much I really thought it was
still going to be hard when I went in so
I know that I'm going to really take it
easy yeah
the vanilla I don't want it to be that
soft first of all I don't want it to be
that long till it refreezes so I want to
just get it so that I can work with it
okay
[Music]
[Music]
actually that would be enough
[Music]
trying stuff that I have in the bath and
I think
the room difference but you see my I
don't have much room for my vanilla and
look adding me a tad concerned I might
need an extension somehow and I normally
if I had all my stuff I could put maybe
another we'll see we'll see how it works
out it might be a heavy chocolate bottom
and now and then we'll have the okay so
let me get this back in the freezer and
we'll go on to the next step so got my
vanilla I'm gonna open the top on this
one this time and then just put it down
on the counter okay so I'm going to just
put a little bit of this vanilla on I
don't I'm gonna try to see if I can get
it to be not so soft but able to be
spread a little and I think that's gonna
be best for me to get as much ice cream
in as I can because if it gets too
liquidy then it's gonna get real messy I
know too much we don't need all bad
okay so let me just try to this might
not be as bad as I thought about getting
an in because if I can just get it at
this consistency and kind of get it to
spread out I may be able to get most of
the vanilla in there
I know you can some there's so many
conflicting things about taking the
spring form out putting it around
cardboard base on a cookie sheet there's
a lot of different ways this is my first
time so I'm sure it's gonna be a lot of
trial and error but so we gotta start
somewhere right
[Music]
[Music]
probably for six hours you could do it
overnight but I need this I think
tonight yourself okay guys so it's time
to whip the cream we're going to put in
1 quart heavy whipping cream so we have
1 quart of heavy whipping cream and
we're going to short whipping this up
and then we're going to add some vanilla
and some confectioner sugar it's very
very easy
[Music]
okay so I'm going to put this with and
cream into the refrigerator to chill
will get colder and I start with the two
cakes for the rose cake just Oni just
may get a little cake so and then I'll
show you some more on that and I'll show
you some more on this if you're really
in a really white whipped cream use
clear vanilla extract the only clear
vanilla extract I can find his
invitation I won't use that so I don't
care if it's a little bit off white
doesn't bother me all right
okay guys so we're going to try to undo
this and hopefully not have disaster I
know that there's some people that use a
hairdryer to kind of loosen it up a
little bit and let it come out or put a
hot rag on it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
there we go perfect look at that okay
I'm very very happy with that now we're
gonna put this quote cream that we need
I'm gonna cover the cake with it
I had it chilling it's a little bit soft
so we're gonna put it back into the
freezer as quickly as possible the fries
on there
[Music]
[Music]
I'm
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay guys so you see that problem I have
with the whipped cream yesterday it was
a little bit over beaten but it was fine
it dried it was able to freeze nicely on
the ice cream cake to go around and
cover it but it wasn't good for any of
the piping so I researched online and
this is a stabilized whipping cream that
we're going to do now and it's a Wilton
recipe so let's do that now all you're
going to need is a cup of heavy whipping
cream about a quarter cup of
confectioner's sugar and we're going to
beat this until soft peaks form
be careful not to over beat it
[Music]
so it was okay but I need one perfection
so I'm going to give this to soft peaks
and then we're going to add and have a
teaspoon of vanilla and we're going to
add
and stabilize it two teaspoons of clear
breaking gel inside Wilton and this
recipe is from Walden's website I see
other recipes use gelatin and you can do
that too I don't know why I've never
tried that skis
[Music]
okay so I've got soft peaks in there I'm
going to add just I mean grab this
perfect piping gel which just looks like
that it's that kind of gel that it
probably has a lot of gelatin in it but
you just coloring used to write so two
tablespoons of the Hat and then oops
about a half a teaspoon of vanilla and
I'm gonna get this until salt a stiff
peaks I'm gonna watch it like crazy
[Music]
so I'm gonna go with that and I'm going
to show you how they pipe it okay okay
so I'm gonna try it on the top of the
cake first cuz I'm making my husband's
making a base for the bottom like I said
the cream on that sauce and everything
is set up good I use my dog barking okay
so let's try this
pretty good pretty good
I think it's even if you weren't
freezing it the gelatin
[Music]
[Music]
what do you guys think maybe I don't
know I think maybe we should leave that
white let's leave that white because
they have the sprinkles on the inside
and then we'll put the border on the
outside all right so I want to put this
back in and I will get back with you
guys is okay so now I've added a
cardboard piece just wrapped in foil
because I didn't have any round ones
that are pre-made which I have buy in
the future now sir can you make this and
which I'm I think I will taste test will
say for what the family thinks all right
so what I'm sorry
so now we're just gonna put the border
line with the stabilized the cream
so we have that you know like I said I
could add sprinkles to that but I'm not
sure that I want to have the sprinkles
there I think I'm just going to add a
little maybe
what cream because I have the cream
where the bottom here that would be
really great if you can because we
hardly have anything in that phaser
alright so there you have it and I'll
show you a little more when we cut it
off
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]