welcome to hobby gardening we will teach
you about the best plants and gardening
tricks for your home don't forget to
subscribe to the channel by tapping the
bell icon in this video we'll show you
the best air cleaning plants for your
home indoor air pollutants are one of
the top 5 environmental risks to public
health let me show you 7 of the best air
purifying houseplants as picked by NASA
garden mom garden mom is popular and
inexpensive it can be planted outside it
removes these pollutants ammonia benzene
formaldehyde and xylene spyder plan
spider prompt is the easiest house plant
to grow it loves bright and in direct
sunlight it removes these pollutants
formaldehyde and xylene Dracena it's
toxic to dogs and cats when eaten comes
in more than 40 different types it
removes these pollutants fencing
formaldehyde trichloroethylene and
xylene ficus or weeping fig ficus grows
two to ten feet tall it loves bright and
in direct sunlight it removes these
pollutants benzene formaldehyde and
trichloroethylene peace lily peace lily
blooms fragrant flowers and summers
equals best in shady areas it removes
these pollutants ammonia benzene
formaldehyde and trichloroethylene
Boston fern Boston fur needs to stay
moist it prefers humidity and indirect
light it removes these pollutants
formaldehyde and xylene snake plan snake
plant prefers dry weather and light Sun
it requires occasional watering it
removes these pollutants benzene
formaldehyde trichloroethylene and
xylene welcome to hobby gardening we
will teach you about the best plants and
gardening tricks for your home don't
forget to subscribe to the channel by
tapping the bell icon
[Music]