hey I've got my son chase and I am Kathy
and I'm going to show you a better
easier way of getting the best part of
the meat out of a pecan I've seen videos
on YouTube and they use a tool I'm just
going to use a nutcracker
and we're gonna try to get the most me
out of a pecan that we can to save you
all that time cracking and getting
little tiny pieces so I'm gonna turn
this over to chase and he's gonna
videotape this alright first of all
you've got a rounder end of a pecan and
a pointy err end of a pecan we're going
to snip off the pointy end okay and
you're going to take that piece off and
then you turn it over and then you're
gonna lightly crack round and round
around to get as many little pieces as
you can to pull off from the meat you
take those out and then you wiggle this
bottom part out you hold onto the nut
and then you wiggle this part out and
sometimes they come out a little more
stubborn but there it is see how that
comes right out of the nut and I've got
a full two halves make sure you clean
them because otherwise it gets kind of
nasty bitter taste and that's how you
get
okay one more for you stop eating them
chase no they're good okay this is the
point eerie and I'm guessing this is the
more rounder end maybe not I'm gonna
turn around
I'm gonna do the pointy end or here and
crack to get off that end piece turn it
around
crack lightly round and round
getting good pieces of the nut okay then
you peel that off then you wiggle to get
that bottom piece off and you make sure
you clean it up getting getting it clean
and there you go have a successful pecan
cracking day thank you