hi guys and welcome to The Bachelor
you know we are still going through our
Christmas recipes and this is my
Christmas week I'm going to show you how
to do all in advance easy and simple and
so if you've never seen this channel
before I am The Bachelor dakc mulholland
and I am going to teach you how to do
stuff that is M you can do it in advance
get it in your freezer and it's ready
for whenever you need it and Christmas B
is no exception
you should be enjoying it with the
family and enjoying the run-up to it
without worrying about the food and you
can get all of it done and in the
freezer almost all of it and today we
are talking about bread sauce red sauce
Gregory Martin this is for you this is
my brother-in-law he brought bread sauce
to the table in terms of our family and
we always make it for a grater and
actually I'm a great fan of it as well
so really simple doesn't take long at
all what you want to do is you want to
get half an onion you can see here half
an onion and you ought to get some
cloves not ground cloves you want actual
cloves and you want to studs your onion
and this makes it seem quite shitty but
it's really not and you just basically
put other L slits in it and you want
about sort of 16 clothes for you your
onion so put your slits in it and put it
in so that your onion ends up looking
like that very festive because basically
what you're doing is you're flavoring
some milk okay so you have a pot and you
have two cups of milk because as you
know I do everything in cups two cups of
milk and you're going to put your onion
in now I also like m to put some nutmeg
of mine I don't know if many people do
but I like not making it I think it
makes it very Christmassy about half a
teaspoon full and you're going to add
some salt and pepper and basically
you're going to put it on the stove for
about ten minutes and it's just for me
it's just going to flavor the milk so
the milk tastes really Christmassy okay
so we're just going to put it on and in
true Blue Peter style here's one of me
down there
I'm getting better at this now what you
want to do oh I know what I forgot to
tell you sorry 2 bay leaves
preferably fresh but drive you want
these ones are just dry I've made all
men with dry beliefs and it's worked
absolutely
so once it comes off the stove I've
already taking the onion off of this out
of this one so take the onion out put it
in the bin and just civets usf because
you don't want any cloves or onion skin
or milk skin or anything like that or
the bay leaf okay so you want to get rid
of that and I'm just going to pour it
back into it the pan that I was working
in and you are then all you're going to
do is add em your bread crumbs so I have
one cup of bread crumbs here now I've
got one and a half cups this one here I
made it earlier to show you and it's I
mean it's cold now so it's quite it's
not firm but it's not like saucy and
what have you see here if I'm stirring
this it's quite saucy Atwell sticking up
so what you want to do is put your bread
crumbs on and then put it on the stove
and basically I've got some more bread
crumbs just in case I want it to be
slightly thicker but it doesn't really
matter so I'm going to put this on the
stove just like this what and before I
do I always like to add since it's
Christmas and you relate some treats a
little bit of double cream always have
to just give it a really nice rich
flavor as well and we'll put that back
on and you're really just stirring it
until it's sort of set and you can
decide if you want to put the other
stuff on now in terms of the bread
crumbs what I did is I've got an Imagi
mix oh and I've got like a and a chopper
on the top and I just put some steel
breadcrumbs in it that's one of the
first times I've made bread crumbs but I
really see you can't buy them anywhere
and it took two minutes as long as
you've got a mixer if not you're going
to just have to greet them but you
generally just want one cup per two cups
of milk so this is one already done this
is going to be what I'm gonna have on
Christmas Eve I'm going to use a zip bag
and I'm going to put it in and it's
going in the freezer now it's quite
thick because it's cold when I heat this
up again just heat it in the pan or heat
it in the microwave for ever you want to
if it's still quite thick I'm just going
to add some more cream to it I didn't
put very much cream in so I'll add some
more cream and give it a mix around so I
don't mind it being thick it's going in
the freezer now
but quite often once you heat things up
they do go back to sort of source like
distance II but that's my pet here I
keep doing it when I'm videoing and it
goes down the side of the bag my OCD
doesn't like it what I would see is with
the bread sauce with the cranberry sauce
with the red cabbage is it's lovely to
make good on this is feasible recipes
that I'm showing you and then it's
sending the freezer let's see if you
don't have time you can still be
organized go to Marks and Spencers I've
done it numerous times myself when I've
been busy at Christmas and I bought
their cranberry sauce which is brilliant
they're fresh one and they're fresh
bread sauce and they're fresh em Oh red
cabbage and I just take the fresh
versions and bung them in the freezer i
defrost them the night before and they
come out absolutely brilliant so if you
don't have time to make your own at
least they'll go and be organized and
buy them in advance and then you are not
going anywhere near the mad shops is
it's like two days before Christmas and
you're all trying to battle and we're in
November just now mid November and it's
all out in the shops so you can go and
buy it and bung it in your freezer right
now this is for me bread sauce this
one's going in the freezer I'm just
gonna wait on the next one thanks for
watching have a fantastic Christmas a
lot I'll see you lots before that
because this is all the mid-november
because we are getting it done early ok
keep watching the rest of the week
there's lots of other Christmasy things
coming up on this Christmas special and
thanks for watching The Bachelor d
please subscribe the law find me on
instagram pinterest facebook and lot i'm
on everywhere come and find me thank you