okay I'm going to show you guys how to
make a pennant out of resin first off
this is the stuff I used the amazing
clear resin it's regularly like $20 at
Hobby Lobby but I always use the 40% off
coupon so I get it for a lot of $14 and
I get almost 300 one-inch pennants out
of this so it's actually it comes to
like three cents in resin at times so I
really like it my friend John Campbell
Arizona Bushman wanted me to make him
some pendants so I went and had these
printed up I don't print it myself
because it's much cheaper to have
Walmart or Costco printer see its logo
pretty cool he wants to make pendants so
I'll show you what I step-by-step first
this thing is a must this thing is a
really cool toy can you imagine trying
to cut these out circular that's
impossible but with this always put it
upside down and I line it up so either
see and perfect and that gives me the
design much easier did I deal with these
25 millimeter or 1 inch cab I'll buy
five to six hundred at a time and I like
them they're pretty cool they're neat
so then what I'll do is let me get some
glue super glue seems to work the best
yeah if you overdo it it's a real mess
because he needs everywhere and you
stuck to it I just put a little dab in
there and I just circle it like that
okay I place it right there in the
middle then I take my thumb and go all
the way around and that seals it with
the superglue see that's first ones
ready and then so on I'll show you what
okay I'm going to get ready here and I'm
going to get ready to pour in a set look
let's get on with the tricks right at
these see you can see I use them see
what since the cab is off I can't lay it
flat because the resident runner so I
get DS they're actually flooring samples
from Home Depot don't tie and then I put
him down
and I put them in the corners like that
and then so on then I keep just like
that for per each sometimes my resin I
don't scrape off all the way get them
away but and like that and that helps
keep them level I reviews cups to a
point but because these are ROM so cheap
five cents apiece I'll reuse some of
them but not very many usually how you
reuse the bead cup and I'll show you
what I mean the amazing clear resin
comes in both a and B you know what I do
is a lot of times I'll mark the cups
you're right I don't have to but I do it
anyway I'll do the a and B so and then
start mixing now everyone seems to have
this problem is tackiness I don't have
tackiness you know why cuz I'm not
greedy I found out that because I had at
first cuz at the beginning I found out
that you're pouring too much you got to
limit how much you actually mix at a
time once I did that I never had a
tackiness since all more anyone makes
about five CCS now I keep these at room
temperature a lot of times if you get
really bad mixture where they're really
cold a lot of times it will not come out
you'll get a lot of bubbles but I'll
show you what you do and that happened
so I'm going to pour these two exactly
five CC and then show you mix it I got
five cc's of the a cup 5 cc of the B Cup
I always dumped
be cup into a cup because the a cup is a
lot more rum denser so seems to be a
little bit more easier and then I try
and get as much I can out but it seems
to come out pretty quick so that's why I
use the visa and you get stir and day by
stirring is gently real slow back and
forth scrape the sides don't go crazy
with your stirring or you'll have these
nasty little tiny little bubbles that
will not go away and you want to wait
until it's nice and clear because we're
right now it's a little bit milky you
have 30 minutes to play with this so
there's no rush
as you can see there are some bubbles in
there it's nice and clear you can let it
sit for three minutes and that will help
dissipate some of the bubbles so I'm
gonna wait and let the bulb some of the
bubbles leak let's pour this gently
until it hits the rim I always put a
little actually because if there are
bowls I can throw it to the side mmm and
then what will happen is then then it'll
lower the resin a little bit but then
the bubbles are gone I kind of put a
little too much on that one
and because I did that no not for that
we make some really I had to learn this
the hard way
once you late this like this what
happens all the dust and stuff in the
air starts to settle it hits your nice
finish then the piece is ruined but me I
figured it out first I started with a
big sheet of glass that was like man
it's a pain having to lift that big
sheet of glass so went to Walmart got
these little cups and then Klum right
over the pieces and what I do is I have
a numbered from 1 2 3 because what I do
is I'll make my first batch then I'll
push at this side they'll make a second
batch that way I if I'm using the same
board I know which ones are already
close to settling and I can't touch
anymore so it kind of helps you organize
so this is a good tip when you're doing
jewelry to just get something to cover
and they're reusable you know it just
like that you know you just put it aside
you don't really have to buy anymore
after that it's a three dollar
investment that can save you a lot of
money because I hate it when I seem dust
particles oh you know what else I've
actually had moths fly around and just
having to go right into my pendants it's
like okay no moss in your and until I
start til til I start to pour and then
also in there everywhere but this is
just a good tip and I'll show you how to
look for defects well I can't see it but
there's a lot of different boat but if
you just use the light see how you use
the light bulb just like that round
around it actually tells me and shows me
where the defects are and then what I do
after that is I'll take my scalpel or my
little blade and if there's like a
little dust there's both Boop and it's
out that's the easiest way to do that
because you can see some of these I
should have a lot of bubbles my thing is
a lot of these bubbles will dissipate
but say there's a lot of little bubbles
in there and there is this is what I do
with them this how I take out the little
bubbles I hate those little bubbles
they've ruined so many pendants over
time but I've learned how to kind of get
rid of them they don't like heat I just
keep doing that
and you don't have to really touch it
just end up to heat it up and that's one
way to give it a little bubble even
though I stirred really softly they
still show up they're a nightmare I made
a couple examples because I hate hate
hate dots I tried them let me show you
what I mean these stupid things I don't
know why people use them they're the
most laziest thing you could do and the
most lowest quality I tried so many
different of them and you get so many
flaws and people are actually selling
jewelry with these fifteen dollars
apiece and they look so bad I made up a
couple see how to probably take the
pictures of them to show you but there's
actually a lot of flaws you can see it
right in here and I even scrape the back
got all the air out but the problem is
is when you pour epoxy onto a surface
it'll pick up the defects on that
surface and it shows up in your pendant
so you can see that see that little haze
right there right here it looks so
terrible I hate it but when these are
done they will look really shiny and
flawless but and I just hate it when
people use the dots see you can see the
defects in them same with this one you
see the defect in the bottom there I
hate it I don't know why people use the
dots are so lazy when you can just mix
them yourself I'm not sure what else I
can explain it's pretty basic with the
mixing and the stuff I use and the the
stamping out and the gluing I'm not
really sure what else I can add
this video but if you have any questions
feel free to ask and thanks for watching