hi my name's Cassandra and welcome to
Cadence cloth today I'm going to show
you how to make a bando top with a
sweetheart neckline out of the bottom
half of an old tank top so if you're
interested keep watching so here are the
things you'll need bottom half of a tank
top a safety pin a seam
ripper some fabric
scissors a marker or something to mark
your fabric with a
ruler and some elastic hopefully 38 of
an in or
smaller also you will need some pins and
a sewing needle and
thread so the first thing you're going
to want to do is you're going to want to
measure your elastic um preferably
around your body and then make sure that
it is tight enough for
you make sure you know what the
measurement is for
later once you have your elastic you'll
want to sew down the ends to each other
just like you did in the crop top video
uh if you'd like to see that I'm going
to put it in the down bar
below so here I am just making sure that
the elastic is not Twisted at all and is
ready to sew you'll want to do this
again measuring your elastic and cutting
it at the appropriate length for
you but instead of sewing it to itself
you're going to want to attach a safety
pin to one end of the
elastic once you have your elastic ready
put it aside and then you're going to
want to take the Hem of the bottom part
of your tank top and you're going to
want a seam rip inside of the Hem at the
side
seam just enough so that you can fit
your elastic inside that casing
there once you have that ready you're
just going to want to start pushing your
elastic inside the casing and then
moving it along inside and pulling the
fabric over the elastic as you go just
like you did in the crop top video for
the ruffle and I will also link that
down
[Music]
below once you come to the end of the
casing pull the elastic end out without
pulling the other end out and then
remove the safety pin and you will want
to sew those two ends together when
you're
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ready after that you're going to want to
take your needle and thread with a
matching color thread and just whip
Stitch that little hole up that you made
earlier to get the elastic inside the
[Music]
casing
once you're done with the Hem of the
band you will want to grab the elastic
that you set aside earlier and you will
want to attach it to the um other side
of the bottom of the tank
top just like you did in the crop top
video with the alternate hem so what I'm
doing here is just took the four corners
of the elastic and now I'm attaching
them to the side seams and the center
front and the center back and then I
will sew all of this on on with a zigzag
Stitch once it is finished so here I am
just marking the center Front marking
the center back and attaching this
[Music]
elastic
once you have the elastic attached by
zigzag Stitch you'll just want to pull
that off trim your seams and then fold
over that hem and put it back under and
what I did was I used a wider zigzag
Stitch so it looked a lot prettier on
the front and then you just sew all the
way around on the
one4 uh of an inch setting on the
machine
having both hem finishes this is what it
will look like and now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to take the center front
and I'm going to um Bunch them together
just a couple of toughs of the fabric
and then I'm using a safety pin to keep
that all together while I sew it to make
a cute little ruffle at the front just
to make that um sweetheart
neckline so you can see me here just
starting from the inside of the top I am
going through each ruffle
and I am sewing it as tight as I
possibly can and just keep going until
um all of those Ruffles are touching
each other and then nodding it and
finishing it
[Music]
off
[Music]
so this is what it will look like when
it's finished I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial if you would like a shorter
version of this all you have to do is
shorten it at the top and uh you can
make it as close to a bra as you would
like it I like mine longer because I
like more coverage but this is what it
will look like in the end so thank you
for watching and I hope you enjoyed this
[Music]
tutorial