[Music]
hey YouTubers Mike bards of Mike boards
Channel today we're going to change a
lid switch on a washing machine most
common symptom that you can tell that
your lid switch is faulted out and needs
to be replaced is it gets to the rim
portion of the cycle and then it stops
it doesn't actually rinse and drain so
we are going to do the step by step it's
very easy and inexpensive
step one Safety First always make sure
you unplug the washing machine free up
any electricity feeding into the machine
grab a Phillips screwdriver on the back
side of this top you will see a Phillips
screw one on this side one on the
opposite side go ahead and unscrew those
take them off go ahead and remove these
I'm using a quarter in Ratchet once you
do that you're going to have access to
pull this carefully without Haron
anything there are a lot of electrical
wiring back here you'll be able to lift
this up off and there's the lid switch
as you can see the electrical connection
here will go ahead and remove this as
well as the ground that should be pretty
darn easy I used a 5/16 socket on the
ground and the electrical wiing is
connected it should be able to just
smoothly come right out and I will
compare it to the new one as you can see
they are basically exactly the same I
went ahead and removed the shell to the
washing machine because I do want to
give you a much better look at what we
are actually going to Loop this part of
the lid switch on so again this is going
to go in as
such and on the bottom side you've got
that hook and as you can notice here
just by raising the actual lid you're
going to be able to position this in its
proper hook there and that ultimately
when it's closed is what's going to
engage this switch you don't actually
have to remove the shell I just wanted
to do that to give you a better view of
[Music]
it I have the shell back
on and be careful again as you maneuver
all this electrical wire and you do not
want to harm any of it reconnect the
ground right there and the electrical
wiring here will go into place all
connected now and carefully you'll Loop
this back around put this casing back on
on the back side go ahead and tighten
that bolt on each top portion and go
ahead and get these screws Philip screws
back into place once you've got
everything back on and secure double
check everything just to make sure go
ahead and plug the washer back in run a
cycle and if you raise and lower your
lid you can hear that
click
okay sure hope this helps like the video
subscribe to the channel if you
subscribe that would be sweet every
video we upload you'll be notified
you'll be able to stay in tune with us
and watch our videos as they come thanks
again
[Music]