[Music]
hi I'm Cindy Hathaway with fans and
Porter and today's so easy lesson is on
fusible lettering this can be fun for uh
several different projects as you can
see here we've already cut out the
letters and it says Alana so I want to
walk you through how you would uh get to
this end stage the first thing that you
want to do is go to your computer and
pick out a font that you think will work
um make sure that it's one that's not
too thin of lines because you're going
to have to cut these out and applique
them on for this one um we've picked a
font that's a little bit fancy but it's
still it's got nice thick lines that we
can use and I printed out the letters
that I needed in Elana's name there were
two A's but when you do this you only
need to print out one because you can
can use that over and over again so um
once you've printed out your letters
you're going to need to reverse them
either on your printer or sometimes your
computer will allow you to reverse it
and enlarge it at the same time so you
need to decide how large you want your
letters to be for your project I was
able to enlarge and reverse each of my
letters and I have this one upside down
this is the e
we won't need to go through all of these
um there's the A and the n and as you
can see they have been reversed and
they're of a a manageable size for the
project if the project were only going
to fit on something this size then you
wouldn't want to enlarge them at nearly
as
much once you have done that then you're
ready to prepare your
fusible by tracing the letters onto it
um and when I store my fusible uh
whatever type that I have purchased I
like to take the uh part of the wrapper
that comes around your roll fold it up
and staple it so that I can put my roll
in there and that way I have the
directions because each fusible has a
slightly different way that they want
you to handle it so I learned this from
Liz Porter um and it's really come in
handy it saved me a lot of frustration
and it also keeps your
fusible a lot nicer without getting torn
and getting the creases so I've already
pre-cut a small piece off of here I'm
going to put the rest back in where I
have my
instructions and show you how you would
go about tracing now you don't want to
waste your fusible and it doesn't matter
where you put each letter because you're
going to rough cut these out and be able
to uh line them up
later and I'm going to start with the
end
and normally I would just use a a
ceramic pencil to outline this but I'm
not sure that you can see it so for
today's purposes I'm going to use a
magic marker which hopefully will be a
little darker and allow you to see it
and you just lay the fusible on top of
your paper with the sticky side down
this is just the paper here and
underneath you can feel there's like
little bumps and that's your adhesive so
make sure your adhesive is
down on top of your letter so I'm going
to just Trace all the way around
here and we're just going to do one
letter for today um I've already got a
bunch of them cut out for you so now
that you've traced your letter and you
would just continue uh to trace all the
letters that you needed by moving your
um
adhesive and just tracing over each
letter and again you would make 2 A's
for
this so once I've done that then I'm
going to want to Rough Cut and by rough
cut I mean go around your letter leave a
little space I don't want to have it
have a huge
amount um of fusible on the outside
because I don't want to waste my fabric
when I uh go ahead and press this on
so there's a rough cut
of the
n and the next thing that you're going
to do once you have all your letters cut
out and I have several of
them let me get this over here you're
going to take your fabric that you
choose uh to have as the colors for your
letters you can pick one color you could
pick several colors and you're going to
take each of these that you've rough
cut and lay them with the sticky side
down on your
fabric it doesn't matter again which
order you put them in and you're just
going to um place them on the
fabric take it over to your pressing
board and you'll be able to carry them
over check out your instructions for
pressing and make sure that you don't um
you don't want to wiggle your iron back
and forth because it'll move your
letters and it will use up your adhesive
and possibly get adhesive on your
iron and again just follow your uh
manufacturer's instructions for that
you're going to let this cool for a
little bit just make sure that it sticks
and now you're going to go ahead and cut
out each letter on the line that you've
drawn um I want to do the n because
that's the one I
drew so to start with um a lot of
times again I'm going to just rough cut
to make it easier to
handle and then you'll go
ahead and cut on that line and if you
use a larger pair of scissors um you
don't have to stop and start as often
and you get just a little bit smoother
line so we'll just finish cut cutting
this one out so that you can see what it
looks like now some of your patterns and
you just want to be careful these you're
doing the letters yourself so you want
to make sure that you reverse them some
patterns when you're doing the applique
if they were to give you letters they
may have already reversed them so just
uh be aware which way the letters are
going this is such a neat project for uh
a young girl that they just love to have
their name on things and um put it on a
quilt or a pillow or a bag and it
doesn't take too long to to do this so
here I've cut out the letter n and as
you can see when you turn it over it's
going in the right direction so the only
thing that you have left to do would be
to uh peel this off the back the paper
backing on your uh adhesive
and if you have trouble with it you
could always uh take a pin if you have
trouble getting it started and just give
it a little
score and then it'll peel right off um
this one I was lucky I was able to get
the edge you peel it off and you can see
that the adhesive is on your fabric now
and it's ready to be put on uh the
background that you've
chosen so again we'll bring this the
finished one back in and by finish I
mean it's just finished uh having these
pressed on you would then want to take
this to your sewing machine and either
uh do a tiny zigzag or uh maybe a fancy
Stitch that you have to finish around
all of these letters so that they don't
Fray you can have so much fun with this
you don't have to do them in a straight
line you can you know kind of play with
them and put them out on your background
before you actually press them on so I
want to thank you for joining me today
for this so easy lesson on fusible
lettering and I hope that you'll check
out all the other so easy lessons that
are available on fans and porter.com
[Music]