hey guys it's Lisa from the blog
farmhouse on boom calm and a few weeks
ago I showed you how I realized the
cabinet in my laundry room and I
promised a tutorial for the basket
liners found up here in these baskets
and I'm finally going to show you guys
how to do that
[Music]
so for these basket liners I use some
linen fabric that I found on Amazon
which I will link below it's actually a
linen blend which I have really been
loving using lately I used to use 100%
linen then I started using this linen
blend for my aprons and different things
around the house and I like it because
it looks like linen but it's a lot
cheaper so this is a 55 percent women
forty five percent cotton blend also I
found the baskets on Amazon which I'll
link below but this is a super simple
process if you've never made basket
liners before you can use these steps to
make it no matter what size basket
you're working with so I'm going to just
kind of explain how to do it and then
you can do it for of course this basket
or any other basket that you have around
your house that you'd like a liner for
so let's dive right into the tutorial
start the project by measuring the
bottom of your basket and then adding an
inch to the length in an inch to the
width measurement for seam allowance I
cut my bottom piece 10 and a half inches
by seven and a half inches because it
measured six and a half by nine
next measure up the sides of your basket
keeping in mind how far you want the
liner to overlap as you can see here I
cut mine eight and a half inches so that
it would overlap two and a half inches
over the outside of the basket next just
measure the length and width of the
sides mine measures 11 inches so I'm
going to cut at 12 inches to add an
extra inch so since I want my piece to
overhang by eight-and-a-half inches
I'm going to cut my piece eight and a
half inches by 12 inches for the side
piece
[Music]
now you'll notice when I put it in my
basket and hang it over the side that
the bottom is a little bit still too
wide so to make it line up with the
bottom piece I'm gonna line them up and
then make a little snip on either side
so that the bottom will line up with the
top piece
then I'm gonna fold it in half and cut
it angling it out so that the bottom
part is lining up with the bottom piece
and the top is the 12 inches like I'd
measured it's kind of an angle there now
it lines up with the bottom piece I'm
going to use that as a pattern to cut
the exact same piece for the other side
[Music]
I'm going to do the same thing for the
short sides again I want eight and a
half inches in Lane and this time nine
inches long
[Music]
again I want it to line up with the
short side of the bottom piece I'm gonna
make little snips again fold it in half
and angle the cut out so that it lines
up with the bottom piece but then is 9
inches at the top and as you can see it
all lines up and we use the short side
again as a pattern to cut the other
short side then I should have all 5
pieces for the basket liner next I'm
going to sew right sides together the
two short sides to the bottom piece with
about a 1/2 inch seam going to repeat
the same process for the long sides and
then I'm going to sew up the corners
[Music]
I'm just going to put the short side in
the long side together and just make
about a half inch seam all the way up
the side as you can see it kind of makes
the corner where all three pieces meet
together
[Music]
be sure to finish the inside seams with
a zig-zag stitch or a serger for a nice
clean finished look
[Music]
now the basket liner is starting to
really take shape it's time to add the
ruffle and tie to finish it off to make
the tie piece cut a piece of fabric
about two inches wide by the perimeter
of your basket plus 14 inches of
overhang for each tie so my basket is 40
inches around so I cut my tie piece 2
inches by 14 plus 14 28 plus 40 which
was 68 inches I fold it under the two
edges and I folded it in half down the
long side and sewed all the way down I
used a big safety pin to push it right
side out
[Music]
to determine the length of your ruffle
measure around the perimeter of your
basket and then multiply that by 1.5 my
basket was 40 inches around
I made my ruffle piece 60 inches long
and I made it three and a half inches
wide to start your ruffle piece him the
long edge by pressing it over a half
inch in another 1/2 inch and then sewing
in place now you'll notice here that I
didn't press mine I kind of just like to
skip that step and hem it very quickly
but if you are more of a presser go
ahead and use your iron to put the him
into the ruffle
[Music]
bring the to ruffle ends together right
sides together and sew it downs that you
have circle of ruffles
[Music]
increase your stitch length as high as
it can go and your tension as high as it
can go to make the ruffles gather and to
create a gathering stitch now if you set
your tension high it should kind of
gather the ruffles for you then pull on
the gathering strings just a bit to get
the ruffle together the rest of the way
so that it meets the perimeter length of
your basket sew it in place stitching as
close as possible to your gathering
stitch if you need more tips check out
my video on how to make ruffles
[Music]
to attach the tie piece to the basket
liner you need to first find the center
of the tie piece by folding it in half
and marking that and then the back
center of the basket liner because
that's where you want to attach the
center of the tie so that it comes
around to the front you have equal
lengths left in the front to create the
bow so the tie on close to the ruffle
creating a top stitch
[Music]
make sure to stop the stitching a few
inches from the front Center which is
marked with a straight penny
[Music]
let's go around top stitching the top
part of the tie again stopping on both
sides about two inches from the front
Center straight pin
[Music]
finish it off by top-stitch ii the parts
of the tie that aren't attached to the
basket liner
[Music]
tie it in a bow and it's all finished
all right well thank you so much for
watching the tutorial if you have any
questions go ahead and leave them in the
comments below also visit the blog
pharmo sanguine calm i'll leave a link
below because i have more detailed
instructions in the blog post as well as
links to other similar projects if
you're new here please hit that
subscribe button I make two new videos
every week on food from scratch natural
living in a handmade home thank you so
much for stopping by our farmhouse
[Music]