[Music]
for those tight spaces there's no plant
better than the snake plant or the Sans
Saria and this is the sandaria right
here also known as the snake plant or a
mothers-in-law
tongue or a good luck plant and
sometimes even known as a devil's tongue
so you can call it whatever you'd like
but this is it and if you look at it
really
closely I think you'll see why it's
called the snake plant because its
markings which are really very beautiful
when you look at them up close are very
similar to what one might see on a snake
so there you have it and this is a a
really super plant it's an almost
trouble-free plant another great plant
for those people who think they can't
grow plants this is one you really can't
go wrong with just almost forget about
it you do have to water it occasionally
but if only if you only did that it
would probably be
happy now there are a couple other
interesting things I wanted to note
about this and one is the fact that it
blooms now you wouldn't think of a plant
like this as really being a bloomer but
it is and here you go you can see it's
it's got white
almost trumpet-shaped flowers and they
grow up on a long Spike and every once
in a while they'll come up and the other
thing to note about it is as much as
this is a very hearty plant it does have
its Achilles heel so to speak only we'll
call them Achilles tips because it's the
tips of the plant that are very
sensitive and if you break off a tip
like this one here is broken off just a
little bit
but if you do that then the leaf won't
grow anymore this one won't get any
taller than this now it'll just stop so
you want to be a little careful about
those plant
tips otherwise you should have no
problem at all it's a great
[Music]
plant