my connectors and welcome back in the
channel if you are new to the channel if
you can hit that subscribe button engine
on vacation Bell so you can become a
part of our family so this morning Kiana
made us some beignets and I actually got
the beignet mix from world market so
kyon made us some bidding aids this
morning and some hot chocolate we didn't
get the coffee so she doesn't drink
coffee I don't drink either and I don't
drink much coffee but anyway we're gonna
do a review or a mukbang on the beignets
I'm gonna turn it up just a little bit
just to keep them warm oh thank you so
this will be my first time actually
having the beignets I've gone to New
Orleans twice but hey I never went to
Cafe Du Monde so this is the next best
thing so we're gonna go ahead and try
them and she did a video on how she made
them as well so you ready try them get
in that can help us come up oh and then
she makes them mom what is that fresh
whipped cream yep and she has a jam so
on top there's powdered sugar
oh they're not open these feet yeah hmm
no I thought it was so sweet well I got
the jam in the whipped cream hmm but
they're glued up darn straight into this
I made it
[Music]
so they weren't good okay well this is
dumb question but any of you guys watch
Princeton crop I watched it yeah oh I
remember that I was like the one but the
best days of my like fifth grade life
there's fourth grade fourth grade
probably fourth grade life okay so I was
at school being bored and it was stupid
but my mom told me I could go home early
from school so we could go watch the
movie and then my granddad got me this
shirt that had Princess Tiana on it and
then they picked me up and I got a bag
Froot Loops to take to the movie since
the food was so expensive and we went to
go see it and it was like the best time
ever and mom fell asleep and Fiona
became my favorite princess you know up
until Elsa and I like to open mallanna
came out and um we saw princess and uh
Princess Tiana at Disney yeah yeah after
I was submitting I really wanted to make
beignets but then dad told me we don't
fry whose house so I could make it until
you know mom broke all the rules and
then I was like Iman I can make you
something
and she was like yeah yeah I don't know
how much I pay for it 399 so I my dad
might overlook good do they usually eat
um like whipped cream and jam on or they
just choose the powdered sugar honey at
the cafe oh don't use honey honey
hmm yep
[Music]
I'm a man here with a jam on the lip
trim I'm like II just want the powdered
sugar
I guess everybody eat it different but
I'll try it with your arm they probably
like this is a no-no I guess you can eat
how you want dogs rhythm you know this
building a yep
[Laughter]
so I've been in New Orleans
watch out twice right and I never went
to got the beignets and I started to go
over to Disney at our port in New
Orleans and my brothers mm-hmm they have
them over there too much to everyone
this was on my bucket list to be big
news no nothing off the Buffaloes no hey
I made aunt Alicia sauce are we making
oh you had the mix yeah same Nicks I'll
wait for your phone don't you late you
got it it feels like someone in the
water that's right well maybe bigger my
first time you know the first time I
happen I like it a lot hmm
okay we got powder so that every well
really wanna make those ever since I was
a kid
[Music]
so Kiana gave me a teaspoon enough up
let's drink yeah I brought me some water
cuz you know what don't worry about in
the hood it's very good thank you good
graces
[Music]
all right mean chocolate jam but I can
lip print I mean with the powdered sugar
we're pretty much good to us first
no oh you needed the powdered sugar no
no we got it everywhere okay mm-hmm
especially strawberries strawberries my
favorite struggling jelly strawberry jam
strobing stirrup please oh no water down
your bucket uh-huh I never put it on
mmm-hmm everybody from Louisiana New
Orleans no chillon does from New Orleans
hey solando don't you mock this from the
Louisiana um y'all let me know who else
is from Louisiana and then watching them
a fellow super cover town you are next
to be snoring
[Laughter]
mmm yeah
[Music]
thank you ma'am you saw you need it for
breakfast just wanna bring you a quick
beanie a mukbang and review they were
really good I enjoyed them and I'm gonna
dessert
[Music]
thank you so much for joining us this
morning I really appreciate it if you
haven't tried them you should definitely
try them but it's really good so if you
can't get to the Worland you can make
them at home with that being said much
love peace and blessings to each and
every one of you and remember it until
the next video keep making connections
with endless possibilities bye y'all
enjoy your day love you
good morning my connected good ready hey
my connectors and welcome back to the
channel if you are new to the channel if
you can hit the subscribe button engine
notification bells so yeah I'll let you
know when she post videos it's gonna be
like super awesome you know and then you
can watch it while you eat or when you
don't eat so you can just pass the time
along no let's do it