I just want to say thank you for
watching and thank you for all your nice
birthday
wishes hi I'm John Townsen from James
Townson and son and welcome to questions
and
answers we got a lot of great questions
today and the first one comes from the
pimkin series uh Francis Moran asks uh
can you use butter instead of sew it
when you're making the uh when you're
making the pkin and really the pimkin
you really need to use the Su um even
muscle fat um lard uh those might be
able to be used in a pinch but I doubt
it really Su is the thing you really
want to use and butter definitely would
not work right it would go rancid very
rapidly and it um it will not keep and
it won't stay as solid as you really
need it to stay either so no you got to
use SE it on the 18th century switchel
uh episode Emily Harper is saying um I'm
planning to make a version of this
sometime in the near future I realized
it wouldn't be quite as authentic but
could rice vinegar be
substituted uh she says apple cider
vinegar does not agree with um her and
yeah um the rice vinegar should be good
uh should be a great substitute in there
and you know rice is not a an uncommon
grain in the time period I'm not sure
about them making uh rice vinegar in the
time period but it's quite likely so it
might not not even be that much of a
stretch to use it in a period context if
anyone out there has information on um
18th century uh making of rice vinegar I
would I would love to hear it on the
whipped
syllabub uh video Steven
rasmon says I have a question uh if I'm
using white or normal grape juice for
the drink SL whipped cream do I need to
add sugar uh is the added sugar for
thickening the topping and do modern
juices have enough sugar well really the
sugar is most of a mostly a taste thing
it is not thickening the drink to any to
any extent there so really it's just
sugar to taste uh you may not need to
add any sugar to the modern uh versions
of of juices on the stand crust uh meat
pie um
episode
machella aeria I don't I wish I knew how
to pronounce that better um when you
talk about gravy for this can you make a
plain brown gravy instead of gelatin uh
like the one we used in the video you
definitely can fill that with a thin
gravy it was too thick you probably
couldn't get it to pour in but a thin
gravy will work in that but it will not
last last as long the intended use on
these when they added that Lear gelatin
to these they really were made to uh
keep for quite a while several days
maybe a week or even longer um so if
you're going to use a Gravy you'll need
to eat it right away we got so many
great comments on the candied violets
Ivy's uh video that we she just put out
here uh ver disv uh asks I wonder if you
can just dip them in honey or maple
syrup that's a good question none of the
period recipes did that I if anyone out
in the audience has tried that um I'm
sure we would all love to hear about
that um some of the period recipes call
for using rose water instead of the um
instead of the the egg wash that we used
in that video uh so that's a possible um
alteration but I haven't seen one with
honey so that's what I've got and uh
here's a Qui question that came in on
the portable mud oven episode uh dogs of
the state asks um how did you get the
sand or wood form out and you know we
didn't cover that probably in this
episode because we weren't around when
the the form was being taken out if you
go back to when we made the first um
Earth and oven video we show uh taking
the sand out and really all you need to
do is wait uh several days at least uh
possibly longer three or four uh three
or four maybe a week once the uh outer
form has hardened up enough um you can
just reach in and dig out the sand core
with your hands it's very simple and you
can do that easily without damaging the
body of the oven and just as a a
reminder Michael Dudu who's been on some
of the recent cooking videos he's going
to be at Boonsboro this weekend so if
you're in the area make sure to say hi
to him there and hey take a picture you
can share it on our Facebook page I want
to thank everyone out there for your
very encouraging comments um your very
kind comments and your great questions I
really want to thank everyone out there
for subscribing we broke 25,000
subscribers on our YouTube channel and
More Than 3 million Channel views thank
you guys so much for watching if you're
a new viewer and you haven't subscribed
uh press the Subscribe button but up
here that'll take you to a spot where
you can subscribe uh that really is the
best way to get notification of all the
new videos that are out I want to thank
everyone for
[Music]
watching