identify the king of
ksper For the Win good day guys welcome
back to Cakes by Chopper today we have a
cute baby dinosaur for you first thing
you're going to do is head over to the
Cakes by Chopper Facebook page print off
the template now I've made this template
to be positioned on the cake exactly
where the feet and the body are
unfortunately in the video I changed the
positions and I made it a lot more
difficult for myself so if you make sure
you keep the template in the proper
proportions that it's in then that
should be fine so just cut it out
exactly how it comes printed out on the
template once you've cut out his feet
and place them in position then you're
going to grab the body and the head part
of the template cut off the round circle
that's highlighted in blue and make his
snout now if you have this in the proper
position it should fit behind the head
on the cake without having to put two
pieces together like I did then taking
your carving knife go around and taper
off the edges ready for the buttercream
crumb coat go around all the sides and
remembering to do in the joins where
you've put the legs on then pop it in
the fridge to set ready for your top
coat of buttercream it only take about 5
or 10 minutes whil that's in the fridge
you're going to fill a Piping Bag with
the buttercream and then pull the cake
out pipe it all over and then take a
offset spatula and smooth the
buttercream out I find this helps you
get a nice even thick coat all the way
around and you're not trying to guess
the depth of the buttercream
make sure you go around all the corners
at the bottom and round off all the
edges because this is your final top
coat this is the cake that everybody
sees you don't get to cover this one
with fondant because I have been getting
a few requests for some plain
buttercream cakes so here you
go once you've gone around and smooth
that off to your happy darken up the
rest of the buttercream put it into a
Piping Bag with a small nozzle go around
trace the entire Edge putting in the
mouth the nose the toes
all around his eyes and his head then
you can pipe on some nostrils and then
we're going to do the little arm detail
in the middle starting off with his two
claws then his wrist go up to the
shoulder joint I pipe his other little
arm on the front but that's not a
necessity because you don't really see
it in the final cake to help him look a
little bit extra cute you're going to
pipe on a few dots down his back and
then you can go and trim off the bottom
with any form of beading or piping along
the edge just to finish off the end and
it just helps clean up the bottom a
little bit okay now I piped on a few
bigger dots because I thought he needed
them now you're going to get some white
fondant make little I describe these as
sharks teeth but they're little horns or
spikes or whatever you'd like just
little triangles with a thicker base and
then push them on down his back and
gradually get smaller as you get to the
end now for his eyes just roll two balls
of white fondant paint on some big black
dots in the middle and then I got a
little bit of white fondant roll it into
a tiny ball and push that in for the
Highlight in the eyes and place them on
the top of the head the cuter you make
the eyes look the cuter your dinosaur
will look I just went for the average
plain eye piping on the ribs for his
belly and there you go you have your
little baby dinosaur cake hope you guys
enjoyed this this is an original Cake
something a little bit different for
what I normally do let me know in the
comments below what you think if you'd
like to see more original cakes let me
know in the comments below and in the
meantime check out some of my other
cakes thanks for watching guys and I'll
see you next time