[Music]
welcome to pots pans and Pioneers we got
our survey and I wanted to um for those
of you that are looking for property and
you've never heard of a survey or you've
never seen a survey I wanted to share uh
what the survey really looks like and
the reasons for it uh and why it's
important to make sure and acquire a
survey whether it's through the seller
or through an actual survey ER that you
pay before you sign your name to the
dotted
line
so uh this is the survey for the what is
considered the 40 acres in a cabin and
as you can see right here it's not an
exact 40 acres
so we know that it's going to be
39.1 168 acres and not
40 so that's something that you need our
listing that we saw said it was 40
acres and there was a plus and a minus
which always means it could be a little
more or it could be a little less this
is a lot
less and for me it's a um
misleading if it was maybe a few point
points off five 10 points off this is a
huge deduction when you're talking about
land because as I mentioned in the last
video we have several homesteaders even
on the YouTube community that are living
off you know the difference between this
and a full
40 so it's super super
important so what a survey really does
is it gives you the boundaries of your
property and it it ignores the fencing
that's currently on the property whether
it had fencing or not fencing it
wouldn't matter but a survey is going to
ignore the
fence and it's going to uh allow you to
know exactly let's just say that the
fence is over
here well that would mean that the fence
belongs to this owner not
us if the
the if the fence was over here that
means that we can move the fence to the
boundary and he's indicated that he put
iron pins here and he put them over on
each end of the property and where the
xes are there's
markers he gives you the exact
measurements so you can actually
literally take a measure um you know I
think the the land measuring uh
instruments are more the kind that you
roll R so you could buy one they're very
easy to find and you just roll it and
you could measure the exact
area so really what's important here is
that you get you know all of the
measurements of the property and here uh
they marked where the garage was but
they didn't mark where the house the
cabin is which is unusual or the other
out buildings I think that's just this
is the road the county road that's being
maintained by the county and this is our
entrance to the
property and he put an iron pin here
obviously so it's way down from our
drive and what we love about this
property is that it's a complete square
and it's not oblong it's not really
difficult to measure out it's not a
weird shape you know and um again pens
over here so that we're going to be able
to go uh the day before for closing and
we're going to be able to look at all of
his markers to know
exactly um if this is our fence or is
this our neighbor's fence on either one
what's unique about this survey that was
not found on the survey that was
registered back in I think 93 or
94 was this road right here this was a
complete shock because in Texas we don't
we don't Mark roads like this this this
road if you can catch my mouse here I'll
use the
pen what's unique about this is the road
goes all the way down you can see it
even goes north of the
property and they're calling it an
existing Woods Road well it it sparred
an alarm for my husband and I because uh
we were unaware of any kind of road
going through the property so I called
the surveyor's office and asked you know
some questions about literally
why they've noted a road and they said
basically it's a it's looks like a dirt
Trail that's predominant on the property
and obviously we know that the the
owners of this property the current
owners have left the property available
to anybody that chooses to run through
it so our concerns are now documented
that this is what's happening is you're
having people go from one end of the
property to the other there is no posted
signs and in Arkansas you paint things
purple I think like the trees purple at
some areas so that people know that this
is a private area so super super
important to get a survey so you know
exactly what you're buying where is your
property line very very very important
and then obviously the survey is going
to give you uh well it gave us the name
of the uh owner directly next to us and
for some odd reason they've put in for a
survey as well we don't know why I've
asked that the realtor um kind of poke
around to see why are they going to put
this up for sale cuz we might be
interested in that property or is
um are they just trying to make sure
that when we get our survey that the
boundaries match up I I don't know uh
surveys cost quite a bit of money um
ours cost around
$2,100 so this document is going to be
just a sheet of gold for us if we ever
have an issue or when we go to sell the
property again we know exactly what
we're selling and we know exactly what
other people um you know are looking at
where your property line is good fences
make good neighbors and we want to know
our fence where where that lies so um as
you look at the property from this
position North goes this way and South
goes this way and West and East as far
as you know the United States so um the
C is situated uh it's facing
south and um it doesn't face East or
West so you're not going to get that
extreme
heat uh at all so that's really really
good too so I'm going to switch over
because I want to show y'all something
that um really wasn't identified as well
and something I talked to the surveyor
about was this is
um uh
let me repopulate this
map the internet is not a super good in
this temporary place that we're living
in but I wanted to kind of show you this
is Google Maps
Okay and as you can see this is the
road that um leads to the property so
you kind of remember it from the survey
just to second ago and of course this is
you know you can more defines the
buildings this is the cabin this is the
out building this is the barn and then
this is the garage with the hay barn
right over here this is the pond that's
right off the house and then there's a
pond right over in this right over here
this area right here so one of the
things when we were doing the research
on the property and something that you
may choose to do um is really Google
Earth your property and find out who's
around you because this is how we found
out uh by looking really zooming in
close to this land and noticing that
people were driving in and out of it
because as you can tell they're making
roads with their four-wheelers okay so
I'm going to I'm going to just
move uh the map over here to show you
see this right here this is a road that
people are making with truck
four-wheelers ATVs and look all down
over here do you see
this this is not a property
owner and they're not necessarily a
squatter it's Hunters that are camping
out here many times during the year and
what they're doing is because no one is
living here as a full-time
residence they've got roads they're
putting in everywhere with their ATVs
and their TR trucks
and I mean it goes it spans forever they
are just hunting the heck out of this
land and they're building and they have
built a road that goes up through our
property which has now been identified
on that survey as Woods Road which is a
generic name they give roads that are
man-made and have no significance to the
actual survey which I found
out so uh I pointed this out to the
realtor when we first was looking at the
property and he said there's nobody in
that area at all there's no Hunters
there's
no there's nothing to be concerned about
because you're not going to have an
actual
neighbor and we argued with him and uh
well he wasn't going to have the
argument he just refused to believe it
and I got home to Texas and I sent him
some screenshots of the area and he
could not believe what I had
found and this is Google Earth dated
2017 which we've just approached and
they've not moved the game warden uh has
been monitoring this property ever since
I brought it
up and uh we're going to you know
befriend the game warden to ensure that
we can secure this down and lock down
you know I don't really want five
Hunters with guns showing up when my
husband is not at home so I really want
to feel safe within my own bounds of my
own residence without having people
roaming through here with guns and I've
got dogs and you know maybe Critters at
that time or even other animals I don't
really want Hunters driving through and
disrupting or disturbing or stressing
out my animals
so this is something everybody can do if
you have the internet you have the
access or even go to a library where
it's free you can start poking around
and looking about where all the things
that are you know around your
property now as you can see um my
husband and I will not have an actual
you know neighbor per se um because our
property ends about let's see if I can
go back to the survey it ends about the
turn of this right at the turn of this
uh Road right here so let's go back so
it's going to end about probably right
here and as you can see there is no
close neighbor but you can see that the
hunters have gone through this area too
so I just want to point out something
that you should look at when you're
looking at land to really find out you
know who's around you what's going
on and um you know it has electricity to
the property the pole is right here to
the road and you know obviously the
cabin is got electricity for
now but uh it's so important now even in
the Google Maps I don't see the fencing
but it's there I I've seen it personally
so I know it is there um but we're going
to go um we've got our survey now we're
agreeable with the survey so we are
going to uh to be getting a closing date
any day now and we'll be driving up uh
probably a couple days before we close
on the property and we're going to take
one we're going to physically walk this
property all 40 acres we're going to
walk a complete square of the property
so that we know exactly what we're
buying and we're going to look at
everything and we're going to put up
posted signs uh after we close we'll
come back and do um posted signs and
we'll start hanging Gates we're going to
take a couple days and probably stay in
a nearby area this cabin is not quite
ready for an overnight stay in my
opinion so um we're going to stay close
by but we're going to uh be securing the
property and putting up cameras and
things to ensure that when we leave we
have locked the property down and it has
been uh secured uh while we await our
next move which is you know uh for my
husband to give notice to his job and
find out if he's going to be working in
a remote capacity or if um you know he's
going to be leaving the company and that
won't probably happen until um April so
our goal is to be out of there mid April
1 of May if it goes into June uh we may
have a change of plans I do not want to
move to this place in the heat of the
summer uh I don't know what to expect I
don't know what's working and what's not
working and um while I'm not pretentious
I don't really want to be juggling boxes
and trying to unpack and do all that
stuff and juggling my animals my two
dogs under a lot of heat and stress to
the property so um we either need to do
it early on or we'll you know that's
going to push us back into the end of
the year which I really hope that's not
what we do anyway so I wanted to share
this video if you are looking for land
be sure and use all the free tools that
you can this is Google Earth
and um make sure that you know you you
get your surveys done and it's worth it
I know they're expensive but it's so
worth it to know exactly what you're
buying because you know even typically
in a in a land purchase no one's really
happy to hand over a piece of paper they
paid thousands of dollars for and the
more acreage you have obviously the more
expensive If This Were 5 acre track it
it would not cost what it cost so um and
then if we ask him to put more markers
or do any more specific it would it
would have been more so anyway I hope
you enjoyed this video and we'll see you
on the next one thanks everybody have a
blessed
[Music]
day