hello and welcome to a tutorial on how
to make a chocolate sale so what I have
here is just some pre tempered chocolate
so this is just being microwaved and I
just let it come down to temperature I'm
going to make my chocolate paint a sale
pink so I'm just going to add a tiny
tiny touch of color to it just the
tiniest touch of color I don't want it
to be too pink any touch more
and what I have here is I notice it just
softly what I have here are what's
called guitar sheets they come in big
slices they're just a soft plastic and
I'll just cut that down to two pieces so
what I'm now going to do is just pop my
chocolate onto these now I always make
more than one sale so I'm making sale
here for one cake but I always make more
than one just in case one breaks so I'm
just going to smooth that out on to
Tashi I've just got some clicks here and
I just use them to create my shape now
the thing to remember is that the side
that's going to spy on your cake is the
underside so you want to create your
shape that it's going to be that way
around not up this way because when you
take it off the shiny side is going to
be the side that's on the paper now pop
that into the fridge quickly while
that's sitting we'll do our next one
just smooth it out you don't have to
worry too much about what it looks like
on the back because it will be nice and
smooth on the front that's cold here
today in Sydney so my chocolate is
setting up very quickly pop that into
the fridge
and now we wait so it won't take very
long for those chocolate sales to set up
let's just try this one who's my bit
because it's cold here today my
chocolate is setting up very quickly so
what we're going to do now is just pull
this off very gently this is why I
always make more than one because you
just never know if it's going to there
we go there's our chocolate sale so that
now goes into the top of our cake it's
nice and shiny nice and glossy and nice
and tempered thank you for watching