welcome back again to my kitchen today
I'm going to do a requested video on how
to make oxtail I have one oxtail recipe
already a couple of months back where I
cooked it on the stove top this one I'm
going to cook it in the pressure cooker
cuz this is a specific requested video
so I'm going to take you through how I
cook oxtail in the pressure cooker so if
you want to see how I cook it in the
pressure cooker and with full
explanation well come on and let's do
this
okay so let's talk about the oxtail here
okay now guys make sure when you cooking
oxtail like with any other meat whether
it's fish chicken beef whatever you're
cooking in your kitchen make sure that
you wash it properly or let's say
thoroughly you're going to get some
vinegar and you're going to get some
lemon juice and wash your meat do not
cook meat or poultry or anything like
that without washing it so this I say is
about 2 and2 pounds of oxtail nice
yellow pepper red pepper green pepper
and some chopped onions in there this is
garlic whatever garlic you have you
could go ahead and use that I have some
crushed red peppers here it's going to
kick it up a boost of flavor also my
perment seed of course o me cook I'm
also going to add about a teaspoon and a
half of oxtail seasoning if you don't
have oxtail seasoning don't worry
yourself use all purple season in there
and I'm going to use a half a teaspoon
of salt and half a teaspoon of black
pepper if you know how for brown your
get if you know how for brown brown
stuff using sugar and um you could go
ahead and do that all right but in my
kitchen me I use a brown for brown up my
thing of course vinegar in every meat
that I cook make sure you add your
Ginger Ginger is not only good for you
but it's going to kick up your food a
big old Flavor now as far as cooking oil
go I'm going to use Ev today you could
use whatever all you have in your
kitchen go ahead and use it CU you only
going to need it to start up the dish
because you are going to be cooking it
on the in the pressure
cooker now guys another thing I want to
mention about
oxtails if you are going to cook it on
the stove top you do not and I repeat
you do not have to marinade your meat
overnight or an hour before because when
you cook it on the stove top it's just
just like you're cooking soup it's going
to be simmered in a lot of liquid and
all that liquid is going to go right
through to the meat so why but um season
it overnight it's going to even taste
better because it's boiled now if you're
going to do it in the pressure cooker
you have to marinate the meat at least a
half an hour or you can do it overnight
if you want to just to make sure that
the meat is soaked thoroughly because
pressure cooker is going to cook it
faster so you need to make sure your
meat is marinated I hope that I
explained that proper so don't leave let
asking me about so we go ahead and put
everything up in
here and remember guys this is going to
be done on your pressure cooker my
ginger in
here I'm also going to add a
teaspoon of
vinegar if you don't want to put vinegar
in a your food that's on you but in my
kitchen it is a must have I'm also going
to add a littleit bit of
Browning thing is make sure that your
hands are clean before you put your
hands in there season not meat all right
so we're going to do this and now I'm
going to rub this thing in I'm going to
let it
sit for about a
good half an hour nothing less than a
half an hour
okay and then when I come back I'm going
to get this thing started on the stove
top just to make sure so I get all the
seasoning right into the meat and then
I'm going to throw it into the pressure
cooker so this is what your first step
should look like so let's move on so
here we have my pot is on the fire I put
just a little bit of oil in there so we
go ahead and add this in here my fire is
on
high all right guys so now my oxtail has
been cooking for for about 10 minutes
all I'm looking for is just um color and
and the flavor all right cuz we going to
put it into the pressure cooker so I'm
going to turn the stove off and I'm
going to transfer this to
this so we put the oxs into the pressure
cooker just like
so I'm going to add
about I would say about three cups of
water in
here and I am going to let this cook for
about half an hour and then we finish it
up again on the stove top we don't want
the a to mash up mash up so I'm going to
go ahead and put three cups of water to
that cover it up and get it going 30
minutes on the stove top so I will see
you back okay guys now the oxil is
finished I'm going to just go ahead and
take it off from the pressure cooker
and put it inside of the pot here and
this is where I'm going to finish it
up so like I said before I cook the oxil
in the pressure cooker for only 30
minutes because I'm going to go ahead
and finish it up on the stove top okay
now the next thing I'm going to do here
I'm going to go ahead and add some more
that onion sweet pepper and stuff in
there I only had put a half of it in
there so when you're finishing off after
the dish you go ahead and you add some
more sweet pepper and onions in
here then you go ahead and you add your
butter
beans I'm also going to add a little bit
of
ketchup to
it if you don't want to put ketchup in
there you don't have to but like I said
in my kitchen I always always put a
little bit of ketchup into most of the
meats that I cook give it that little T
of flavor then I'm going to go ahead and
add about a teaspoon and a half of
butter or
margarine and that's all you have to do
so the next thing I'm going to do here
guys I'm just going to let this simmer
cuz now we're looking for the gravy for
get nice and thick you know nice
thickness and richness to the gravy so
that's all you have to do it's very easy
and simple this is going to be ready
within 20 minutes so within 20 minutes
I'm going to come back and I'm going to
finish this off and we're going to put
it on the plate and we're going to eat I
don't think we need any more browning
sauce on here cuz the meat have a nice
color to it already we don't need it no
darker than that so I'm going to cover
that up simmer it down come back how we
eat all right so see you in 20
minutes there you have it guys the
oxtail is spinning finished it's been
simmering now for about a half an
hour this is what it should look like
right there you
go so the gravy it's just perfect it's
not too thick and it's definitely not
too thin it's just
right so what I'm going to do now here
guys I'm going to go ahead and put it on
a plate for you so you can see what it
looks like so I'll see you back in 2
minutes here have guys I'm all done
don't forget to
subscribe and don't forget as always
from my kitchen to your kitchen
[Music]
enjoy clowning and wavs in the Ocean of
Time Liv up what has been I well you're
the hardest to leave behind a WR
question I just
V seing
for I'm going to let this cook for a
good 30 minutes on medium heat cover it
up nice and make it simmer and when it
done simmer a time it eat so see you
back in a few minutes so this is in with
your foundation full coverage you know
like bam and last but not least the last
thing I tend to go for in my makeup
collection is this palette right here
let me show you what this baby look like
it has a whole bunch of concealers I
believe it's $10 for this palette