hello everyone and welcome to my channel
don't forget to hit the subscribe button
for more videos
and let's go ahead and get into the
video today we're going to be talking
about the prayer plant also known as the
exotic angel plant this is one of my
favorite plants I think it's so
beautiful
and in the springtime it does give off a
little tiny flowers so this I would put
this in the category of a little bit
more experience if you get this and you
really don't know how to take care of
plants you might have a little bit of
trouble with it it kind of falls along
the category of Ann and thorium or in a
rubber plant they all are kind of taking
care of the same way so I'm going to go
ahead and give you a little bit of
instructions the first thing is you want
to make sure it has bright and direct
light so an East or North window would
do best
you do not want to let it sit in direct
sunlight it will burn the leaves when it
comes to watering you need to water when
the top is starting to get dry use
room-temperature water so on a four inch
pot you would use about 1/4 a cup of
water skip 2 days and check it if it's
still a little moist don't water it wait
one more day the same with a 6 inch pot
you would want to check it after 2 days
and then if it's still a little moist
wait one more day you would use 1/3 cup
of water on a 6 inch and even on an 8
inch I would just start off with 1/3 a
cup of water skip 2 days check it and
then if it doesn't need it wait one more
day you do want to make sure that it
does not stand in water it will not
tolerate it it will rot the roots but it
cannot get dry either or the leaves will
start turning brown so if your leaves
start turning brown it hasn't had enough
water if they're turning yellow they've
had either too much water or not enough
fertilizer ok I would give it plant food
every two weeks and fertilize every two
weeks at half-strength
so if your fertilizer says one teaspoon
per gallon of water use a 1/2 a teaspoon
per gallon and that's pretty much it if
you decide to get this plan
let me know how it works out for you
leave any comments below and any
questions and I'll do my best to answer
them thank you so much for watching and
I will see you in the next video
[Music]