[Music]
hi dancers welcome back to my channel
today we are filming a really exciting
video it's how I break into my pointe
shoes
so before we start these amazing hacks
make sure you subscribe and give this
video a big like and thumbs up so I'm
obviously gonna start off by getting my
brand new pair of pointe shoes these are
five-and-a-half XXX block heritage so as
you all know block heritage I'm an
absolute favorite pointe shoes that's
what I wore every single day as a
professional you can imagine I used to
do all sorts of things to my shoes but
I'm just going to show you today the
process I'd go through to really
manipulate the shoe so it'd be ready for
class and performances so I naturally
have quite wide feet so I am wearing a
xxx but at the same time for me this box
area would need to be as wide as
possible before I could even think about
putting my foot inside so first of all
I'm gonna stand on this part of the shoe
so the box they call it and I'm
basically gonna place a chucks be right
back I'm going to place a chucks just
over the top of my shoes here and
basically I'm gonna stand on top of them
you can hear that noise it's so
satisfying
now you're just gonna make sure that
it's just your heel going over the top
of the shoe and the reason why I put the
Chuck's on there's just so obviously my
shoes don't get dirty okay so when
that's done basically you can see now
the shoes they're definitely a lot
flatter from the side view what I'd
normally do after that I'd then actually
just put my hand through and then lift
the box back up again so it's sort of
keeps the same original shape but
obviously it's still gonna be flatter
and wider across here now the next most
important part is to find the
three-quarter part of your shoe so this
depends on obviously the shape of your
foot because everyone is so different
but I know my feet well enough to know
that my three-quarter area is about here
and to find this out for yourself
basically just put on your pointe shoe
and just have a look to where your heel
starts so as you can see mine sitting
about there where I was pointing before
and as I said this is different for
everyone but once you find your
three-quarter area basically I am going
to bend the shoe from there so everyone
just listen out for this for me this was
a really important step just bend it
backwards and forwards in that same area
because it means that when you're on
point that area there that 3/4 area
we're pointing to your foot will
actually Bend right there you don't want
it to be bending too low here like a lot
of people they find when they're on
point it can look quite glory so bending
it up here sort of shapes to your own
foot a lot more and it looks a lot more
natural when you're on point so this is
why I love doing this step together
[Music]
this takes muscles oh this is the
workout I'm actually shaking oh okay
there we go right that part of my shoe I
think is officially bent be very careful
that you don't bend the center so like
what I was saying before you really
don't want that chlorine look on point
so it be very careful of this area it's
literally just up there you want to be
bending so the next step I do is
basically Bend the Demi point a little
bit now you know how I just said be very
careful of this area so always simply
trying to do is bend slightly higher so
there it's almost like where your
metatarsals actually bend in your foot
because obviously we want to have that
manipulated as well so when you do go on
Demi point it's really easy and it
doesn't feel really stiff when you're
trying to pass through that 3/4 demi
point I would only do this a little bit
like that much that's all I'd do because
I'm very careful of that because I
obviously don't want to be bendy here so
you just hear a few little cracks don't
be scared okay the next part I'm gonna
make some noise so obviously now we want
to make sure when we're dancing on point
when touring a word jumping or whatever
we're doing in pointe shoes we want to
sound like a fairy so basically I would
bang this area right here so I just bang
the tops together I try and aim for C
like I've just pointed there but see
right there of the shoe that's the area
we're sort of targeting so when you do
learn from a jump you don't get that
noise instead you get
[Applause]
there's a bit light up a little bit yeah
it definitely makes a difference okay so
again that's like another arm workout
but that area there if that softens a
little bit it's really going to help the
landings from jumps in pointe shoes so
the next step I'm going to do is I'm
going to put on my pointe shoes now I've
actually found an amazing product that I
really want to recommend to you all
so it's called OnPoint orthotics so some
of you may or may not be aware of it but
basically I'll show you so they look
like this
and basically this is molded to my foot
specifically so each individual get some
mold of their own foot now when I wear
these and when I'm on point I actually
feel absolutely no pain so when I was
dancing I used to suffer from really bad
big toe pain and it wasn't like a
blister it was honestly just big toe
pain I think just from being on point
for hours and hours and when we used to
have like double shows of strong leg my
toes would really suffer now I have
discovered these and these are actually
so incredible so when I wear them I feel
no pain whatsoever
I can still feel the floor but I just
don't have any pain so I really want to
recommend these to all because I really
have found them amazing for me
personally so I'm going to basically put
these on and I'll tell you a little bit
more about them as well when I'm putting
them on so the EPO is they're perfect
for dancers that have bigger bunions or
a second toe that's longer than their
bigger toe just all sorts of issues like
that or even if you just have pain when
you're on point
these are honestly perfect as I said
they're molded to each individual and
the material inside basically it's rigid
enough so that it holds all of your toes
in place while you're on point and the
joints obviously but it also allows for
that
when you're coming down through the
floor and through your Demi point suit
as I said you can still feel the floor
so all I need to where is my EPO is now
all I simply do is just slide them
straight on and because as I said it's
molded to my foot they easily slide on
top like that and now I'm gonna put my
pointe shoe on and as I said I have no
pain right now amazing I've never felt
that before
normally I'm in a lot of pain when I'm
on point so this is genius and I think
they're so cute little box they come in
like look at that amazing box so
adorable wearing these you shouldn't get
blisters either they prevent those as
well if you suffer from blisters so for
all my dancers that are on the gold
coast or in Brisbane you can get 10% off
your OnPoint orthotics so all you need
to do is go to WWE for XML and mention
my name
claudia dean and you'll receive 10% off
your first EP OS and you could also
email admin at OnPoint orthotics comic
day you as well and dances when you're
on their website or your contacting them
via email just keep in mind there's
fitters for OnPoint orthotics all around
the globe and the fitters come to you so
OnPoint orthotics will organize that for
you so make sure you contact OnPoint
orthotics to get yours today so now I'm
gonna go on my pointe shoes pain-free it
feels so good to be on point not in any
pain like I don't feel anything other
than the floor it's just amazing now Dan
says I'm actually going to go and wet
the heel of my shoe so there because
basically when I wet my heel it tightens
the satin and it means it grips to my
heels more so I'm going to come and show
you what I'm going to do there
nowadays is the next step I'm going to
do is basically continue to bend this
area of my shoe the 3/4 area and what
I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna get my
knee I'm gonna dig it in like that it's
not as painful as it looks I promise
like that yeah because that pressure
from my knee it just bends the shoe in
just a little bit more and the very last
thing I always used to do to my shoes as
well was I used to actually just sit
here like this for about two to five
minutes to really get this part of my
foot SuperDuper stretch and when I did
that I just felt like I could dance
right away afterwards it was just like
my little hack that I always used to do
now dances I hope you enjoyed me showing
you how I break in my pointe shoes
so of course everyone's so different as
I said before so you don't have to do
these little hacks that I did this is
just what worked for me but also don't
forget to subscribe as always and I will
see you on my next video
[Music]