okay I'm back out here in my shop uh
this morning uh today I'm going to be
working on the uh the Log Cabin
birdhouse um I'll show you a picture
right
here uh I built one of these uh I don't
know probably a year maybe two years ago
and I still have my my plans from where
I built it before but anyway I have a uh
a friend of mine uh that that wants me
to build one actually they want me to
build two of them because they want one
for themselves and then they want to
give one as a a Christmas gift so I'm
out here today and I'm going to be uh
working on on making two of those at a
time it's uh pretty simple design uh the
like I said it's like a log cabin the
logs are actually made from these scrap
pieces these are like uh pressure
treated deck boards and these are just
scrap pieces that I have from building
decks and uh I use this stuff when I
build outon deck furniture uh so and you
can see some of these have been outside
and weathered and all but it doesn't
really matter because I'm just basically
going to start off with just cutting
them uh cutting them down into one inch
strips to uh make and then I'll round
them over to make them look like a
little log and then I'll Notch them and
uh put them together just like you would
uh logs so the first step is going to be
to uh rip all these down to uh one in
wide so I'm going to get ready and do
that
now
okay I've got uh most of my scrap cut up
into these little one by one pieces here
uh the next step's going to be to uh
round them over a little bit to make
them look like uh little logs and uh one
thing I might mention if I didn't
mention it a while ago is uh when you
get ready to cut this pressure treated
deck board always check the ends to make
sure there's no uh uh little staple with
the with a tag on it these are all from
uh Home Dep dep which sells the yellow
wood and they always have that little
staple with the tag so even if the Tag's
missing you want to make sure you check
and pull out all the Staples because you
certainly don't want to hit one of those
with your with your saw blade while
you're cutting but uh I'm going to count
these up I need uh roughly 56 pieces 9
in long to make uh the two birdhouses
takes 28 pieces to make one so I'm going
to count these up and see if I got
enough and if I do I'll start rounding
them
over
okay I moov my uh small uh router table
out here in the driveway because I've
got a lot of these uh to round over so
I'm going to be making a big mess so I
figured I'd go ahead and do it outside
here so I can uh sweep it up a little
easier uh but that's the next step I've
got to take all of these uh one by one
logs if you will and uh round them all
over
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
okay I think I've got enough of these
things
uh rounded over and I don't know if I
mentioned it uh before or not but what
I'm using is a
516 uh roundover if you look at one of
these pieces I think this one yeah this
is one where it's off the side edge of
the uh the deck board and they have just
about a 516 you can see sometimes it'll
take a little off sometimes it doesn't
so the 5/16 round over kind of matches
the radius uh that's already on them
anyway so I think I've got enough uh
enough of them done I got a big pile of
them here on my little out feed table so
I'll I'm going to start cutting them to
length
[Music]
now
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so I finally finished cutting the
uh notch
in the logs here uh as I said a while
ago it takes a long time to cut them the
way I have to cut them because I don't
have a dado blade so just trying to uh
hog that out there uh on in this this
case because I'm making two at once and
there's 28 pieces uh to make one of them
that's 56 pieces times both ends so
that's
112 112 things back and forth so it
takes a good while to uh to do this but
now I'm ready to move on and make the uh
base and the uh the roof panels and I'll
get started doing
that okay you can see that I got the uh
the bases and the uh the main part of
the
birdhouses uh all glued up U what I've
done is I've screwed this into the
bottom here so that uh if you need to
empty it out uh every spraying for a for
a new Nest you can uh un unscrew this
from the bottom and and clean it out and
and then fix it back I made these uh
little doors and windows that will door
will go right there and have a window on
each side run these on the CNC router uh
just took some uh primer paint and
painted just looks like about qu inch
plywood and uh put a little put a little
paint down on it let it dry and then
routed it out to give it the look of a
door and window so I don't have a whole
lot left to do I'm going to uh going to
put the uh front posts on here uh get
those passing on
I want to get the both pieces uh stained
and then I'll uh be putting some
shingles on the roof so I'm going to go
ahead and get started uh finishing these
up with
that okay I finished putting the uh the
post on
here and uh run a little stain on
them and while I'm while I'm waiting for
the stain to dry I thought I'd go ahead
and start uh
start cutting up the uh material for the
shingles uh actually if you don't I
don't have any shingle material you can
leave them just like this and they' do
fine um but I like to I have some old
shingles that a neighbor gave me that
were uh the ones that were going to
throw out so I take some pieces and I
cut a bunch of 12 and 1/2 in by 2 in
wide strips and I basically take these
Little Snips here and just cut up uh
about a/ inch or so maybe a little more
than that and then when I get when this
gets dry I'll put these on here like
that kind of overlap them and it gives a
3D shingle look and kind of dresses it
up a little bit but anyway I'll have to
I'm also waiting for the uh paint on the
a little chimney to dry so I've got to
put that on there and finish cutting
these shingles and put those on and then
it'll be
done okay here's a look at the uh two
bird houses and as they uh as they look
when they've got the the shingles on
them and everything like I said what I
do is I have just some old uh shingles I
got from a neighbor when they were re
Roofing her house and uh cut them into
like 2 in by uh 12 and 1 12 in strips
and uh just kind of took some Snips to
uh to snip up a little bit to make it
get that 3D shingle look and uh makes it
look pretty good A little chimney here
put on in the uh post here and then I've
got a 1in
uh uh board here that I cut this circle
out of the hole that's in these
particular bird houses is an inch and a
half which uh I found the is about the
right size for blue birds I've got one
of these in my backyard and I've had uh
bluebirds the last two two Springs so uh
they that seems to be the right hole
size for them but you could put any size
hole you want depending on what kind of
bird you're trying to attract and this
uh like I said if anybody wants to try
this project I've got a full set of
plans here that I'll have on the website
uh here sooner or later uh if I don't
get them on the
website uh quick enough and and you want
a set of them just go to the website and
email me and I'll be happy to to send
you a copy of these uh so you can try
this out but anyway thanks for watching
uh if you haven't already please
subscribe to my channel and keep
watching for future videos thanks
again