[Music]
hey guys today our video is going to be
on our litter box and storage
routine so first I usually buy paper
based bedding AKA litter for Lenin the
brand I get is called so fresh and it's
really soft paper crumbles as of right
now Lennon's litter box supplies are in
my bathroom cabinet near her litter box
I keep the bedding pea pads a mini broom
and waist bags all in one place as for
her hay I store it in this tall skinny
container I live in a small studio so
this fits perfectly in any little Nook
or cranny and it has wheels which is
great because I can slide it
around now this is what a very soiled
litter box looks like the bedding and
pea pad will be soaked you'll see lots
of pellets and it will usually be deet
pleed of hay or the hay will be wet this
is when you know it's time to clean I
normally only have to clean out the
litter box every other day the Pea pads
and bedding are very effective at
absorbing urine and it doesn't leak
through the bottom in fact you'll most
likely encounter the litter box to be
dry underneath I just roll up the Pea
pad and dump it into a waist bag what
you might find is some residue here and
there along with scraps of hay which I
dump out as well if you find any
staining or hard to remove residue it's
a good idea to wash the litter box I
only have to wash it about every 2 weeks
rabbits like their litter box to smell
like them so there's no need to do this
every day I use some dish soap and warm
water and just scrub the areas that need
it after this I line the litter box with
a fresh new PE pad and add two full cups
of bedding on one side spreading it out
evenly
I do this because Lenin usually faces
the litter box
horizontally on the other side I add as
much hay as I can rabbits munch on hay
while doing their business as it helps
with
[Music]
digestion so this is the finished
product guys a nice clean litter box I
hope you enjoyed the video thanks so
much for being amazing subscribers and
let us know what you want to see next
bye
[Music]