my car is so hot right
now hey guys it's Jana and welcome to
pinch of luck today we are going to do
something a little special we're going
on a field trip today is one of the
hottest days so far this year supposed
to hit about
118 19 120 something like that that's
somewhere around 47 C so we're going to
bake some cookies in my car it's going
to smell amazing let's see how it goes
so it's got to be at least 96째 outside
so your car can get up to at least
180째 so I have my thermometer here it's
a candy thermometer that's what I got
I'm a baker what are you going to do so
let's get lucky all right guys we're
going to let this thing heat up you're
going to preheat your car to at least
180째 it is a little cloudy outside I'm a
little worried about it but the weather
says that it's going to clear up by 1ish
o' the hottest time during the day is
between 1: and 4: so it's perfect that
the clouds are going to to clear up by
one
hopefully but it's already 100째 in here
just from sitting in the garage so we
should get there all right guys it's
time the car has hit over 180 it looks
like it's actually about 190 and it's
only going to get hotter so I just have
a little package of cookies we're going
to place on our cookie sheet and I have
my towel that I am going to throw on the
dashboard so that we don't ruin my
car
[Music]
so let's check on
[Music]
them oh my God it smells amazing in here
oh it's
hot oh boy okay so let's check out these
cookies see they just don't get Goldy
Brown in a car well that was just a fun
experiment I always wanted to try it so
there we go guys car cookies and my car
smells good too so it didn't top out at
120 like we thought it topped out at 118
it was definitely hot enough I think we
got
lucky be sure to click my face to
subscribe and check out some other
videos don't recommend making this but
if you do send me a picture and if
there's anything you want to see just
leave a comment down below and as always
if you loved it like it subscribe to it
and and share it thanks guys