[Music]
hi everybody thanks for watching today
we're going to do an unboxing and review
of an Oster flip waffle maker this is
something you can get at pretty much any
big box store or any department store
and it should cost between $30 and $40
uh when it's not on sale uh some things
about this uh flip waffle maker uh they
talk about it's cooking the way you like
it the perfect every time it's got a
rotary feature which evenly spreads to
the batter adjustable temperature
control and it's got a cool touch handle
with release a removable drip tray which
is nice and a space saving vertical
compact design uh it's perfect for
Waffle lovers it it's an easy to use
Appliance and makes thick delicious
waffles in minutes and all that stuff is
right there in the front of the box so
it's designed to sell this to you now
we're going to try it out and unbox it
and I'm going to see what it's really
like
[Music]
okay hope you like that song it comes
fairly well protected in this clam shell
of a u
styrofoam so it shouldn't be damaged at
all that's good
packaging has directions it shows a
black one and a Chrome one this is the
black one wrapped in
plastic and it looks like it's fully
assembled hey we'll just unwrap
this plug looks like it's about 4 feet
long which I guess is appropriate for a
countertop Appliance you don't want a
10t
cord and for the Belgian non-stick
surface it looks like they
have
something in between it so there it is
it's got all the units we'll probably
have to say please remove the sticker
before
use that pulls right off that's good and
this feature looks really smart it's a
it's a tray it goes underneath cuz
you're bound to spill
batter and there we go I'm going to take
the camera off the
tripod look at this a little closer all
right on top you've got the riat which
controls the heat and then a power light
and a ready light so it must be uh
lighting green when it's ready so when
it reaches the temperature it's got kind
of a safety lock here or either this is
folds for better storage I'm not
sure yeah it just it just folds for
storage but it's got a cool touch handle
which is nice rotates 180 to get it
cooking and it's got a light on each
side ready ready that's
good all right it's been about 3 minutes
the direction say it takes about 5 to 8
minutes for for the ready light to come
on uh for the surface to reach baking
temperature but the ready light is
already on directions also say before
the first use of the day make sure you
brush the surface with a vegetable oil
or you can use a cooking spray so I'm
going to use a cooking spray top and
bottom
one
two and we're just going to pour a
little bit on there I don't know how
much it takes so we'll see
[Music]
okay well we'll do a little
more I imagine that was about a cup of
batter close
this I'll just note the time
here we'll watch for the uh the light
all right the direction say it takes
about a minute and a half to cook um
it's the first time ever so I'm not
really sure what I'm doing but uh I took
a peek there and it looked like it was
cooking well but it wasn't yet golden
brown or crunchy on the surface so I
closed it quick and we're going to give
it another
minute all right the green ready light
just went out so we're going to go ahead
and open it
up and it looks like I could have used a
little more
batter
it's
spongy not crispy
hard let me try to pull it out and get
it on a
plate okay there it is it came off
pretty neat this is kind of spongy not
really like a waffle crunchy feel so I'm
going to do one more and I'm going to
leave it in there longer or turn the
temperature up and see if I can get a
little hotter but it works pretty neat
the only mess I have to clean up is
something that went over the side and
that should be non-stick as well to
clean up with just a uh a wet rag My
overall impression of this thing is uh
it's going to take me a few times to get
used to the right setting for us but it
looks like it works as designed as far
as longevity we'll see but right now on
a scale of f to an a I'd probably give
this a
B+ if you like my vide subscribe and as
always thanks for
[Music]
watching