hi my name is Carrie Wen and I'm the
owner of leave the details to me event
and wedding Consulting here in Austin
Texas and I'm here today to talk to you
about how to decorate your wedding
Buffet here's some materials you might
need for decorating your buffet table a
floral arrangement which you can either
create yourself from soap florals which
can be purchased at your local craft
store including the vase interesting
glasses martini glasses shop glasses the
other thing you might need is a really
good vendor for an ice sculpture and
that can either be found through your
Venue or your local wedding resource
guide um decorating a a buffet is
something that often the Caterers will
handle but usually you want to
incorporate your florist as well so that
all the florals from your event tie
together nicely you want that continuity
of color of style of um shades of Pinks
or whatever colors you're you're using
generally I tell my Brides to do
something with height and level for the
buffet because that's really part of
your show piece another great thing to
do is themed Buffet
so if you're going to have mashed
potatoes at your at your Buffet have
them actually make a separate buffet for
just the mashed potatoes and do them in
martini glasses so you have all the
mashed potatoes and all the fixing and
then a beautiful table of martini
glasses stacked in levels um there are
lots of fantastic things to do another
great Buffet idea that actually can also
serve as a favor is really popular right
now is doing a candy buffet candy
buffets are so fun and what adult does
not love to feel like a kid again and go
get get a bag full of candy another
great Buffet idea is using ice
sculptures and ice sculptures are
actually quite reasonable if you have a
hotel wedding most hotels have a nice
sculpture on staff these are buffets
that people will talk about for weeks
and months to come after your wedding
and my name is Carrie and I'm here from
Austin Texas helping you learn how to
decorate your wedding Buffet