[Music]
B is one of those iconic Mexican foods
I'm just adding a whole cut of chicken
into this pot with
water I had pole in my wedding like many
people have in their weddings and it's
one of those dishes that just wakes you
up so you know in Mexico we like to have
big parties and after everybody has
dance for hours and hours and hours and
hours they bring big bowls of PES and
they call these dish leant muos or wake
up the dead because after you have a
couple of spoonfuls you're ready to
party again so I'm adding a head of
garlic and then I'm just adding one
whole onion and this is going to be a
super super simple chicken broth I'm
adding
cilantro and I'll little bit of salt and
then this is going to cook for just
about 50 minutes because I don't want to
Sock out all of the juices from the
chicken I want it juicy and tender for
the pole and in this other pot I have
this kind of corn but already cooked
this is the soul of boli in fact po
means foam you here know it as hom so
some people call it giant corn and Poole
is called pole because you cook it until
it practically blooms and when it blooms
it Foams so that's the name of the dish
just look at this this has fully bloomed
and then it is the meatest thing for a
soup meater than meat I'm telling you
you bite into this it is so chunky and
so delicious and it tastes like Mexico
cuz Mexico is just full of
corn
M incredible if you want to make it at
home all you need to do is soak it
overnight put it in a pot cover it with
water add a head of garlic and cook it
for about 4 to 4 and 1/2 hours until it
blooms you can make it the night before
and just let it sit there nothing will
happen so I'm in the middle of making
the red P I'm just finishing to shred
the chicken that is super moist and
juicy and I'm pouring it in here where I
have my pole with its cooking
[Music]
broth now I'm pouring the chicken broth
and it has that cilantro and onion and
garlic
flavor and I'm going to turn this on and
it's going to be at a long no simmer now
guys in Mexico we are die hards you
either love a red P or a white pole I am
a red pole fan every pole no matter if
it's red or white which are the most
popular or green they all start from a
white P base this is a white pole and
now we make the sauce to turn it into a
red po just grab a couple ano Chiles and
three w chilies the ancho is chocolatey
Bitter Sweet tastes a little bit like
prunes not spicy at all the guajo is
like sunny and bright and it sounds when
you shake it they're beautiful
ingredients you have to bring them in
your kitchen and all you need to do is
cut the stems
off or just with your hand just like
that however you want to do it and the
seats go everywhere they like to jump
they've been in there too long
take the seeds
[Music]
out and then all you do is put these
chil in a sauce pan cover it with water
and bring it to a simmer for about like
10 to 15
minutes look at this see how they're
super
meaty then the guo here
goes and then of course you don't want
to put these delicious cooking broth to
waste and then I'm adding some garlic
cloves a little bit of onion I just need
like a third of a cup roughly chopped
cuz it's going to be pureed anyway two
whole
cloves and I'm just going to remove the
stems and a little bit of
salt and then a pinch of cumin cumin
goes a long long long long long long way
so just a pinch and then I'm going to
puree this until super duper
[Music]
smooth and I'm going to add a little bit
of oil in
here and now I want it to all come
together and extra season this is just
an extra step that we Mexicans sometimes
do to seasoning sauces and in here
goes
[Music]
and that needs to cook for about 5 or 6
minutes and the sauce is ready so it's
just like a seasoning paste it's
thickened super nicely all I'm doing now
is adding it in
here smells incredible let me tell you
what this sauce does to the pole is
Magic I always say to a friend Mari Cruz
who is a white pole fan she says no py
white pole is the best and I always tell
her to me the white P is for rainy days
for when you're staying in when you're
going to have a party you're going to
have a Pata you're going to have a lot
of friends red pole is King it really
is