hi I'm Crystal Wick in my own work I
love to mix different components like
Metals crystals resins and fibers into
densely layered pieces it's really easy
to build your own components out of
simple Fabric and paint as well as
customized stock components to make
custom charms with resin and
[Music]
[Applause]
fabric now I'm going to show you one of
my possibly my most favorite technique
but then I also want to show you a tour
of my little Studio here of all the
other types of bezels that I have made
with resin using different materials and
components and then you will be able to
pick and choose your favorites so you
will use the same process I'm going to
show you to make all the other ones it's
just different materials actually in
your resin business card or any kind of
card is really great to use for this
because you want to make sure that the
resin if it spills over it does not
spill over in your UV lamp because it
will cure and it will be hard and
there's a bump so you will not have a
flat surface flat surfaces are important
in using with resin because if you are
letting it lay crooked it's going to
cure that way so bear that in mind you
always want a flat surface to start with
so I'm going to use this one here this
is fun there's a design on the back so
if you are making jewelry out of these
it's nice because either way if it flips
over which many times they do it's still
pretty on the back as well as on the
front that's a good thing to bear in
mind now I took a piece of the fabric
that we had I'm going to put that
inside and stick it down that's one way
of securing your fabric
inside the
bezel now if you don't have adhesive to
use for that purpose you can use a clear
white glue and just put a few dabs down
and then make sure you burnish it really
well like that so that none of the flaps
will curl up
and then you would let that dry if you
don't let that dry that's when you get
in trouble it comes becomes a gooey mess
the resin mixes with the glue and you
will get tons of air bubbles now the um
kind of like you know the evil Sorcerer
of doing resin are the air bubbles they
will come to get you every time I
promise so you want to take every
precaution you can to make sure they're
not around which means making sure that
your piece inside is completely dry and
flat all right right so use double-side
adhesive or use glue now I'm going to
use this UV curing resin this is one of
my favorites it is non-toxic and it
doesn't smell at all so it's great to
use around kids and it's fast that is
the best part now when we do resin there
are two different ways we want to do the
first layer flat and then if you like
the doming effect when it has a dome on
top of it you'll do a second layer on
top of that so many times people
starting out with resin do too much they
put too much resin in there because they
think it's going to create a dome and
they end up with this big gooey mess
that is a disaster to clean up so what
you want to do is just go drop by drop
again this doesn't take
much and all I do is take a little bit
here a little bit
there okay that is not too tough right
and then you maybe move it around a
little bit so that you've got it
touching all the
edges and that is important because
again this resin is clear so it's kind
of tough to see to make sure that you've
got it touching all the edges the other
thing if you want to be sure about this
is it is self-leveling so you could put
this piece off to the side while you're
making another one and another one and
another one and it will self-level and
be completely leveled by the time you
bring it over to your lamp all right so
now what we're going to do I happen to
be lucky this time there are no air
bubbles yes but I will show you later on
what to do if you have air bubbles I'm
taking this again it's on a business
card so that you don't spill the resin
as you're walking over to the light and
I'm putting that in the light I'm going
to turn my lamp
on and I will also be doing my nails at
the same time as I'm doing my jewelry
I'm just kidding but isn't that a good
idea anyway multi tasking can I say so I
will give you a tour now of other things
you can do while the resin bezel is in
there cooking Not Really Cooking but
curing okay so some of the other things
that you can do with these oh my
goodness we'll start over here these are
Metal Sheets so these are pieces of
metal that have been patina and have
textures on them and some have printing
on them they are fabulous they're
different on both sides so sometimes you
can use one side or the other this is
what it looks like when you use the
metal piece in the resin again we're
doing the same process the part that is
inside believe it or not is metal it's
not fabric it's metal so I also have
this piece over here here's a piece of
metal I cut out and I put inside a frame
I did not put resin on top of it so use
the same process only take away the
resin and that's what it looks like you
have some texture so that's really
interesting too then here's a mistake I
told you I would show you a mistake
this is a beautiful piece it's metal I
did resin and I got a big air bubble
right here and again when you look at it
from a certain angle you can certainly
see there's an air bubble okay have no
fears all I will do is take a cute
little charm like this and I'll glue it
on top of that air bubble and add a
little Crystal on the top where the hole
is for the charm so you won't even
notice and there you have a beautiful
piece that was a mistake okay now let's
move on on here this is fabulous these
are Sparkle fibers this is what they
turn out like after you resin them now I
did a resin a layer of resin with the
sparkle fibers and then I also put a
little transfer in there with the word
that says Bloom isn't that fabulous I
just think those are really fun to work
with this over here is using napkins
these are really thin napkins from China
and that again is using the resin with a
transfer that says Serenity on top of it
these are fun to work with and napkins
are really popular so you can get all
kinds of designs that you enjoy out
there we'll move over here one of my
favorites Martha Stewart Sparkle oh my
goodness now her glitter the kind I like
to use for this is very very chunky so
it looks like it's very antiquish and
these are the pieces that turn out when
you use the glitter I think they're just
stunning absolutely gorgeous and then we
have over here this is fun these are
bottle caps
okay so it starts out as a bottle cap
that I flatten and these are eyelets so
for you scrapbookers out there this is a
great way to use up your eyelets in
jewelry these are actual eyelets and
flatbacks and you just use them in your
resin bezels isn't that fun then here we
have I painted I did dab painting on the
actual bezel and then added resin and
some transfers on top of that which I
think turns out really nicely and again
same process that I used here same
process process it's just a different
color fabric those are lots of different
things that you can do with your bezels
okay let's check and see if our resin is
finished I'll take it out here and it is
isn't that fun now I know this is
finished and completely cured because
when I touch it it's not sticky that's
something you have to pay attention to
because I know you want to wear it out
that night immediately but if it's
sticky it will fall apart later on down
the road so you want to make sure it's
fully cure so you just make sure it's
got a nice shiny smooth surface and
you're ready to
go