for this review we're going to look at
Ivory's original body wash comes in a 21
fluidic ounce container like this and
you can find this in several stores it's
very common falls in the $3 to $4 price
range here's theine print on the back
for anyone who is
interested I tested this over 5 days and
while you are getting a lot of body wash
for your money is not necessarily a good
thing going to say I'm not a fan of this
at no point did I wake up in the morning
morning excited to shower with their
body wash the aroma is it's a mild
scented body wash when you're in the
shower you can detect it as soon as you
step out of the shower and I mean
literally the second you step out it
does dissipate from your body completely
it falls on the feminine side of the
spectrum it smells like a sort of a
sweet fruit if you've ever used V5
shampoo before they are extremely
similar when it came to the lather this
is an okay foamy lathering body wash
which will make for at least a semi-
effective experience and moisturizing uh
I didn't think this would moisturize but
after almost a week this left my skin
slightly moisturized so that that is
good I suppose but what really turned me
off to this body wash was the texture
and the feel and also the very
liquidlike nature of this uh I'm going
to describe this as a liquidy body wash
uh it just it feels cold and slimy on
your skin which which is not a good
feeling in the shower if you've ever
used Dove's body wash that is very
creamy feels very soft on your body and
this is nothing like that at all if
you're looking for an affordable body
wash and you don't have a lot of money
plus you don't care that much about
showering you just want to get clean
quickly for as little as possible then
this might be an alternative for you but
for everyone else who wants to wake up
on the right foot enjoy their shower
experience this is a body wash to avoid
thank you for joining me today and I
will see you next time