[Music]
hey there and welcome to no recipe
required so one of my favorite things is
to uh you know take kind of standard
ingredients and use them in unexpected
ways today I'm going to use some orzo
pasta which is um it is a pasta but it's
a little tiny tiny shaped pasta looks a
lot like a grain of rice and we're going
to use it to make a risoto which is
normally made of rice the uh the
technique is essentially the exact same
but obviously we're using pasta we're
going to add some uh summer vegetables
in into it and make an absolutely
perfect orzo risotto with Summer
vegetables let's go ahead and get
started okay for our orzo risotto I'm
just going to um saut√© off some corn
this is fresh corn that I just chopped
off cob I just want to get a quick sear
on the corn so we're going to toss it in
the pan and I'll let it go for probably
2 or 3 minutes I like to cook this ahead
of time so it doesn't overcook in the
pasta okay for our orzo risoto I just
sauteed off a little bit of bacon little
bacon
lardon and I've got those in my pan I'm
going to remove those and we're going to
add them back at the end but I
definitely want the um you the pan
drippings in there I've got a shallot
diced along with a garlic clove diced
this one was pretty big you know maybe
use a couple garlic
cloves and I'm just going to put those
in over medium heat um I probably don't
I may need salt in there but frankly you
know Bacon's got a little bit of salt in
it too so I'm probably not going to add
salt just yet we'll wait and uh we'll
wait and taste it I'm going to let these
just soften up and then we are uh going
to add our orzo okay after our um garlic
and shallot is um softened up I'm going
to add my orzo pasta to the pan
now Oro pasta it is pasta but it's these
uh these little grains that are shaped
an awful lot like rice and what's uh
what's very cool about it is you can use
it in dishes that call for Rice so um
here we're essentially going to make a
risotto um from it you know the starch
in the um in the pasta acts a lot like
the starch and rice um and a Boro rice
not quite the same but pretty darn close
and it's got the benefit of not taking
quite as long as um as r
and uh I absolutely love them so we're
going to essentially treat it the same
way I'm just going to let the pasta
toast here for a couple minutes I've got
a pot of chicken stock on the stove it's
heated up and then we're just going to
Ladle stock in just like we would a
risotto so after my Oro has just toasted
for a few minutes I'm going to add a
couple ladles of hot chicken stock to
the pan you can easily do this with uh
with water as well beef stock chicken
stock even vegetable stock if you want
to keep it vegetarian
and um you stir that up just like we
would a risotto and then um you know
over medium heat where it's just just
simmering um we're going to let the
pasta absorb that water some of it's
going to evaporate and we're going to
cook it in the same style as risoto and
then uh we'll add our corn asparagus
bacon back at the
end okay after 7 or 8 minutes you want
to start checking the pasta yeah it may
take longer up to 10 12 whatever it
takes you're looking for that nice El
Dente finish we've got corn that we
sauteed off earlier I'm going to add
that
in I've got some blanched uh asparagus
about the same amount that we blanched
shock so it's essentially cooked through
I've got our bacon We'll add that and
then I've got some Parmesan cheese as
well that's probably a/4 cup I'm just
going to stir this in let it all come up
to temperature then we'll uh we'll do a
final taste and serve it up okay
everything's up to temperature I just
gave it a little taste needed some salt
and pepper so I'm going to add that and
then to give it just a uh final little
shot of both flavor and nice creamy
texture I'm going to add a uh about a
tablespoon of butter and about a
tablespoon maybe tablespoon and A2 of
sour
cream now you can use a number of
different things for sour cream you can
use Crum fresh that's what I use in a
lot of risoto you can certainly use a
little bit of
cream um if you use one of those you may
want to add a little bit of lemon sour
cream already has a little bit of that
sourness um and I've got it handy so I'm
going to add that and that's just like I
said going to give it a little bit of
creaminess we're going to stir that in
and then we are ready to serve our Mach
risoto Oro risoto okay let's go ahead
and serve up this beautiful risoto made
out of
orzo anytime uh you know if you feel
it's too thick you can always add just a
little bit more chicken stock a little
bit more cream sour cream anything like
that to thin it out but it should kind
of sit and relax on the plate not be a
big Clump and you're going to love it
I'll see you next time on no recipe
[Music]
required
[Music]