hi guys welcome back to my channel I am
coming on today with a quick tip for you
guys so let me go ahead and show you
what I might do right now this right
here is a dashboard that I made for my
little planner that I will soon present
to you guys and this is the back of it
right here so this is the first one I
decided to make okay you're probably
wondering what's new about this well I
do have a laminator that the lovely
Jesse owl gifted me but I haven't bought
more of the laminating sheets as they
are a bit expensive sometimes I'd be
working with a budget so yeah I found
this roll of plastic adhesive covering
it's a shelf and drawer liner at Dollar
Tree and it looks like this it's a
transparent contact type of paper so
when I seen it I automatically thought
about doing this with it so this is my
first attempt it's not perfect but the
first one's always the trial I noticed
that on these they have like a flat
surface it did come out smooth compared
to this one that I had to piece together
and has a little die cut in there it got
kind of bubbly on me but so what I'm
doing right now is basically do one um
with you guys and I made it this big so
I could fit around my binders so all the
measurements it all depends on you and
your planner so I'm going to go ahead
and just show you here I already cut out
a piece of the contact paper and of
course it is just an alternative in case
you guys do not have a laminator and I
went ahead and made myself these little
dash boards and I used this that was
gifted to me by Melinda and it was like
a little insert for a kekeke a planner
and then this paper pad on the back it's
a the paper pad from Tuesday morning
that's called my happy place I believe
it is and it's not tropical and then
this is from a Doodlebug designs
I don't think so they're basically the
same size and I'm gonna try and fit it
inside of this little Midori that I made
or Fedora fabric Dory whatever you want
to call it and I made it like
food-themed
since I do believe that it you know the
summer is coming up and I thought this
would be something cute to have so
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and show you
guys here is the paper I already cut it
out to the site that I need it and I
folded it so what we're gonna do gonna
flip it this way it is like kind of hard
maybe you could let it sit under a stack
of books or something just so that it
can what's it called
unstick or unroll because it's hard to
manage it like this so hopefully I can
do this right on camera let me just go
ahead and take a seat because I can't
work standing that so I can either do it
like this or like this but I'm doing it
this way because this is how I'm going
to have my um the the length this is the
length I want it I left a square length
in between them so let me go ahead and
start now you got a pick since since it
will be closing this way it's gonna be
like this you got to pick which one you
want to be your cover and I want this to
be the front and the one of things I
make it happen so let me go ahead and
peel this corner and this is the kind of
kind of the hard part
try nonstick this plastic so okay
oh and you guys know how these tutorials
go alright so as you can see it's it's
clear I'm gonna go ahead and tape it
down right there why not tape it down
but stick it down and then this one
don't want this to be right here
so of course you gotta make them line up
evenly but that much stick it down and
now it comes the kind of um kind of hard
parts sticking it down without getting
air bubbles in it and like I said when
you don't have all them extra little
lumps and die-cuts on this it's thick so
much better and give me one second
okay sorry about that my baby woke up
and he was looking for me so yeah like I
said this is just an alternative you
know if you guys don't have a laminator
and you've probably seen these than your
daughter should already but um you see
right here there's already irrigating
next to this so I need to like pull it
back and make sure you straighten that
see this one here it has a layer on it
that's why um it's doing this I stuck
this is a cutout from the paper pad so
whenever you have like that extra little
lump on there it will raise up on you
okay so I think this is how you're
supposed to do it either way with a
little credit card okay
our pocket is sealed now you can see I
totally went crooked on this here okay
you can see there I totally went like I
started off right and I just went
cricket so you just come in with your
little card and you smooth it out and
make sure it seals and I thought hey
this is like a I thought it was a great
idea because I'm currently working on
building up my little planner and I'm
trying to make it look cute and decorate
it and all that good stuff so now what
we're just gonna do is make sure it's
just like every other place every other
thing that you laminate try not to cut
so close to the edge because then you
will unseal it or whatever because it
has that little bubble in there okay cut
that on and I'm have to come in here
with my other scissors because I don't
feel like these are good for this and
since it's very know the scissors kind
of like move out of the way they like
slide and don't grip it right like it
would paper okay
now this one here left a blank cuz on I
want to what's the card you see guys I
can't even work correctly on this one I
want to add like stuff on it later so I
said I wanted it to be like this okay
not like I was saying you see how this
one has much more slack in the middle
it's because I wanted it to wrap since I
messed this one up and I try to go in
there and fix it but it didn't I wanted
it to wrap from the back all the way
over here to the front
and this is my little book charm right
there so yeah that's exactly why I have
that long length on there cuz this is
what this is where I wanted it to be so
on this case over here with an air
bubble right here I want it to be just
you know the front page to my little
cover so I'm just gonna go ahead and
insert it and I did measure this so the
size of my planner like the little
notebooks so there there you have it you
got a cute little dashboard for your
little planners and yeah I hope you guys
found this helpful you guys found some
inspiration let me know if you guys
actually do it and if it works out for
you
it it's 30 and yeah I thought it was
such a good idea it's an alternative if
you don't have a laminator cuz I know
Walmart they saw the machine for 20
bucks now and then the sheets for like
the actual scotch on brand or like I
think they're like 10 or 20 bucks I'm
not so sure but either way I thought
this is a great alternative meanwhile I
actually get one and yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed my tutorial and I will
catch you guys in my next video
god bless you guys and hope you have a
blessed day bye