[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vali on this episode
of Laura in the Kitchen I'm going to
show you how to make a caramelized onion
fuka it's delicious and so easy and
simple it uses my basic fuka bread
recipe which if you haven't already seen
from one of my very previous episodes go
and check it out but today we're going
to make one that's topped with
caramelized onions it's really really
good and simple now let me take you over
the ingredients so we can get started
you're going to need some thinly sliced
onions unsalted butter fresh thyme some
active dry yeast some sugar warm water
salt extra virgin olive oil and flour
which I have in my standing mixure now
I'm you're going to need a couple extra
ingredients which once once we're there
I'm going to show you what those are but
for now let's get started on making the
dough which is really the most no I'm
going to say time consuming but it just
takes the longest time cuz it has rise a
couple times so we want to get that out
of the way now in this bowl I'm going to
add in my warm water which is about 115°
fah and it's super important that your
water is warm otherwise you will not
activate your yeast and then it won't
work going to sprinkle my yeast over it
with a little Pinch of Sugar cuz the
yeast likes to feed off something and
sugar works really well so I'm going to
give that a
stir and I'm just going to let this sit
here for about 3 minutes or so or until
you start to see it become nice and
foamy that's how you know your yeast is
activated now I know a bunch of you
might ask if you can do this recipe
without yeast unfortunately you cannot
you have to use some yeast in order to
make most bread recipes and this one you
need yeast and you just want to make
sure that you proof it right few things
can go wrong if your water's too cold
it's not going to proof your yeast if
the water's too hot it's going to kill
it it's War proof so you want to make
sure that your water is at the perfect
temperature take like a candy
thermometer check it if you need to if
it's 115 110° fhe you'll be in business
let that foam and I'll show you what to
do next my yeast is looking perfect but
before I get to that I want to add in my
sugar to my flour with a good pinch of
salt really really important then you
add salt I think salt is the one
ingredient in bread that if you don't
add it you'll taste it and you're going
to add a good amount of extra virgin
olive
oil crucial when you're making faka I
mean you
must looks good you're looking for about
a/4 cup I'm just going to mix those
together just to get them started and
then I'll add in my yeast
mixture take that down going to give
that a little mix now we're going to add
in our yeast which is proofed
beautifully all right pull this
up mix it until it comes together and
then you're going to let it go I'm going
to mix it a little bit like medium high
speed until it comes together then I'm
going to reduce the speed to about
medium I'm going to let them mix for
about 10 minutes or until you have a
really smooth bowl of dough and then I
will show you what it looks
[Music]
like that looks good you can see the
dough is very very smooth this dough
works every single time no matter what
topping you want to put on it it just
works just pull it together into a nice
ball like that
you can pinch the bottom if you want to
and what I have here is an oiled bowl
that I just oiled with some olive oil
I'm just going to cover it all like that
you want to make sure that's oil so it
doesn't form any kind of skin on the top
wipe my hands and I'm going to cover
this with some just like some plastic
wrap and this is going to go somewhere
warm without any drafts and I've said
this a million times that the place for
me is in the microwave but of course you
don't want to turn your microwave on and
that's going to stay in there for a good
hour or until it's doubled in volume and
in the meantime I'm going to clean up
and we'll get started on the
onions now for our onions I've got some
olive oil preheating in a large Skillet
over about medium heat and to that I'm
going to add in a little bit of butter
and this is going to give the onions a
really sort of sweet and taste obviously
but also makes them it just helps with
the caramelization and with a flavor
like you wouldn't believe and anytime
I'm caramelizing onions like to
Perfection I always do the step I never
skip it cuz I think it makes a huge
difference so so got a little bit of
butter got olive oil olive oil always
for flavor as well is the fact that it
doesn't burn as quickly as butter does
going to add in the onions these are not
going to sizzle right away cuz these
need to cook for a long time over about
medium low heat these are going to cook
for a good maybe 40 minutes or so or
until they're deep golden brown color
they'll shrink up a bit and that's what
you want I'm also going to add in my
fresh thyme now cuz I want it all to
kind of cook together and season them
with some salt and
pepper and then just let them cook for
about 40 to 45 minutes or until like I
said they've developed a really good
color and they've gotten super soft
which is really really important and
I'll show you what they look like once
they're
there my dough has
beautifully risen here let's get this
off look at that now that is perfect now
before we get working on that you want
to get a jelly roll pan or like a 15
what is this a 15 by 10 in pan get it
nicely oiled with some olive oil it's
important so it doesn't steak and also
creates a beautiful golden brown crust
and I've got some thinly sliced garlic
fresh Rosemary salt and pepper and a
little bit more olive oil my onions are
cooling in the background they're done
they're beautifully caramelized so
they're they're just hanging out so
let's work on the stone going to punch
it down or push it
down I'm GNA get it out of
here and then I'm going to stretch it
out you don't have you don't need a
rolling pin for this you just need your
hand and you need to stretch this as
best as you can pull it if you need
to trust me it's foolproof this dough
you cannot go wrong you can try to go
wrong but you won't CU it's just that
simple I mean look at that and now you
got to make all these little dimples in
here cuz that's what Fuki has known for
the oven's preheated to 400 so get that
ready this does have to rise a little
bit more another maybe 30 minutes or so
so now that that's ready I'm going to
drizzle a little olive oil on top for
flavor and color of course I'm going to
take these cloves of garlic well it's
actually two cloves that I've sliced
thinly and I'm just going to put them
around distribute them nicely now you
could add a ton more garlic and I do in
my regular faka um recipe but you know I
don't want all the flavor to come from
the garlic I do want the caramelized
onions to get a little bit of the
spotlight too so that's why I'm only
going with just a couple of cloves and
slicing them really nice and thin
actually going to spread these out a bit
more and then I
have there you go and then I have some
fresh Rosemary which I'm just going to
strip from the
stem and put them on top like that it
gets really crispy in the oven gives a
great great flavor classic
combination that's good I'm going to go
with a lot less but I do love Rosemary
salt and pepper you could use some
coarse salt I'm just using regular fine
salt cuz that's just what's out don't go
too too crazy
though all right now you can color this
with plastic wrap if you want to I'm
going to use a lintree towel and I'm
going to put this somewhere warm again
and let it rise for only about 35 to 40
minutes or until you can see that's
doubled up quite a bit and then we'll go
into doing the last step before it goes
into the
oven look at that now that is perfect
now I've got my cold caramelized onions
I'm just going to just put them all over
the top really you just want to make
sure you cover as much of the surface as
possible but you don't you know you
don't want the whole thing to be covered
cuz then they can be a little
overpowering cuz they are very very
sweet when you caramelize onions they
dry all the sugars and become super
sweet so two large onions did the trick
beautifully so just don't overdo it cuz
sometimes too much of a good thing can
be a little
much that looks perfect now I'm going to
take some Pano and I'm going to grate
all over the top just to cover the
surface really super nutty and I love it
against the sweet
onions and that earthy Rosemary it's
like once this is all big FX together
it's like heaven in your mouth pretty
much now this is going to go into my
preheated oven at 400 it bakes best in
the lower rack just because I get that
beautiful golden brown color at the
bottom it gets super crispy it'll be in
there for about 20 to 25 minutes and
then we'll let it coook completely and
we'll be ready to serve
it my faka baked for about 25 minutes I
let it cool for quite a bit and now I'm
just going to slide it out is that easy
look at that it's like meant for my
cutting
board going to take half of this put it
right here oven's turning
off just going to cut this into large
chunks smells Divine you can really
smell the Rosemary I'm actually just
going to give into this no I want this
one I'll take this one you can really
smell the Rosemary and the
onions look how fluffy that is oh look
I'm not kidding look at
that it's fluffy the Bottom's got nicely
Golden
Crust you can top this with whatever you
want just promise me one thing got a lar
in kitchen.com to get my basic fota
bread recipe or this recipe I'll have it
written twice because it's that good it
deserves to be written many many more
times with different toppings top it how
you want to post a picture of my
Facebook show me the fluffiness because
if there's no fluffiness you didn't let
it ride guys properly hope you enjoy
spending time with me and I'll see you
guys very soon
[Music]
byebye