I'm drunk I've been
drinking my hey lovies it's me ni hair
and thanks for joining me in today's
tutorial I'm going to have a little bit
of fun basically what I'm going to be
doing is I'm going to be doing a beer
rinse on my hair so I've got myself a
botton of beer here I've got Corona yes
I've drank them I couldn't resist I'm a
bit of a beer monster but all I need to
do is just wash my hair first of all now
as you can see I've just got it up in a
bun I've literally had my hair up in a
bun all week cuz I'm I'm wearing a lot
more protector Styles cuz I fuff around
too much with my hair so all I need to
do is just wash all the crap that's in
my hair at the minute wash it all out
it's like proper stiff and then I'm
going to come back and I'm going to show
you how I apply the beer to my hair so
I'm just going to go wash my hair and
I'll be back so in other videos that
watched I've actually seen people get
the bottle of beer and pour it directly
onto the hair however I've decided I
want to pour it into a spray bottle
because the thought of beer dripping
down my face and my neck and it makes me
feel a bit sick so I'm just going to
apply it into a spray bottle and just
spray it onto my
hair now before applying the beer I
actually left the beer to stand for
about an hour so it goes flat that way
it's going to be easier to spray out of
the bottle cuz it's not going to be
fizzing up it's going to be flat
and then as you can see I've simply just
sectioned my hair into four sections and
then each section I'm just going to
spray the beer throughout my hair making
sure my hair is fully covered so from
the ends of my hair and the tips of my
hair I'm just completely drenching my
hair in
[Music]
beer because I'm
drunk oh yeah because I'm drunk drunk
drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk because
I'm drunk now I got my on D playing my
song hey girl I think
youting how about we get on she
[Music]
said so my hair is fully covered in beer
now so my hair's drunk basically and it
absolutely stinks I smell like a proper
Aly what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to pin it up just guess in here I
think I'm going to leave it on for like
5 or 10 minutes and then I'm going to
wash it
out properly um and then I'll actually
apply some conditioner afterwards as
well just so my hair I'm really scared
that my hair's just going to absolutely
hum of beer at the end of this so um
yeah that's what I'm going to do and
then I'm just going to style my hair ha
after and everything and then I'll just
come back with the results so I'll be
back okay so here we have the finished
result I washed all all the beer out of
my hair um just using my normal I did a
conditioner in didn't actually use any
shampoo I was worried that the smell was
going to really stick to my hair but it
doesn't smell at all I did give it a
really good wash though like I was under
the shower for ages um the only thing I
would say this feels different about my
hair is my hair does feel really really
soft I've got all my usual styling
products in here um but it does actually
feel a lot softer um obviously you can't
feel it but you'll have to vouch for me
when I say that it does actually feel a
lot softer so I don't have anything
negative to say about the beer Rings
whether I do it again or not I'm not
sure I think I'd rather drink the beer
but it was worth trying at least now I
know what it's like and if you do have a
spare bottle of beer and you don't have
anything else then have a go for
yourself thank you for watching and I'll
see you all soon
bye cuz I'm
drunk yeah