[Music]
hey everybody I'm Chef Maria the fit
foodie today I'm going to show you how
to bake with stevia some people call it
Stevia it's the same thing but it's all
good because it's an amazing taste super
sweet but with no calories and it's all
natural it's made from the stevia plant
and it's just a really healthful way to
add sweetness to your dishes without
refined sugar now Stevia comes in a lot
of different forms you can get it in a
liquid concentrate you can get it in a
powder form and it looks just like sugar
it's very finely ground and it's easy to
dissolve so you can incorporate it into
a lot of different dishes today I'm
going to bake with it and I'm going to
make a little cake and the reason that I
like using Stevia too is not only is it
great that it has no calories and that
it's natural but a little bit goes a
long way so if you're for example doing
a recipe that asks you to put in two
cups of sugar you can basically cut that
in half and do one cup of stevia it's 10
times as sweet so you might even be able
to dial it back from there so I'm going
to start with my dry ingredients I've
got my flour and baking powder and all
of my other ingredients in there I'm
just going to add the stevia right
in got a little bit of just mix that in
together I've got a little bit of almond
milk about a cup and a/4 of almond milk
[Applause]
I've got 1/4 of a cup of cooking oil and
then with this one this particular
recipe takes about a teaspoon of apple
cider vinegar and add that in so many
health benefits to apple cider vinegar
if you haven't seen my video about it
you should really check it out a lot of
good secrets in there so I'm going to
mix that up and as you can see it's just
it so easily dissolves in there I think
it even dissolves better than
sugar so I'm thinking as you're looking
at your pantry and you're thinking what
should I clean out of my pantry get rid
of the refined white sugar there's no
place for it anymore you've got Stevia
does everything that sugar does and
better look at that gorgeous mix it's
ready to bake I'm going to pour it into
my cupcake pan and I've got dessert easy
as can be so that's just a little primer
on how to bake with stevia give it a try
I think you'll really like it I'm Chef
maray the fit foodie and stay tuned here
for all of my healthy videos I'm here to
make you healthier that's what I do I'll
see you really
[Music]
soon