as very parade today that you can use
for many different applications many
different recipes and we'll make some
videos using it coming up so for making
this pray you're going to need just a
couple specialty things as one is a fine
strainer and you can pick this up you
know at any department store Walmart
whatever for a few bucks and a blender
I've just got the small one here but
that you'll need to puree the
raspberries so let's get started so here
are our frozen raspberries and you want
to use frozen get them out of the frozen
section don't try to use fresh they just
will not produce a lot of juice using
the fresh so you definitely want to get
frozen so all you have to do to start
this is we're going to take our blender
and we'll put in some raspberries you
want to do this in batches because
you're going to have a lot of
raspberries to process and you can only
put so many in that strainer to get the
seeds out at a time so put the little
lid on here and we're going to take a
little while for all to actually played
in the blender
there we go
there we are and you can see it's made a
nice kind of a puree in the blender now
we're going to have to strain the seeds
out strength the seeds out we just need
a bowl and our finding strainer and
we're going to go ahead and put the
raspberry Cray in from the blender into
the strainer and then we'll just take
the back of the spoon here and start
threading it around and sometimes just
time to beaten the strainer on the bowl
will also help get that puree to go
through the strainer it's a fine
strainer because this has little seeds
and you want to get all those seeds out
so just keep kind of moving it around
with the back of the spoon and tapping
it seems to work pretty well as well and
do that until all of this has been gone
through the strainer except leaving the
seeds and then do another batch so it
took me about three times using the
blender and the screener to get this
done and between each of those batches I
rinsed off that strainer because the
seeds get stuck in the holes and you
can't get any more of the juice through
for your other batches so watch the
strainer out between batches and as you
can see here you've got a nice thick
raspberry sauce
now it's terribly sour so if you want to
use this in a dish make sure you add
sugar to it to taste to sweeten it up
it'd be great like just a little bit in
a glass of champagne
pour it over anything chocolate
raspberry and chocolate this to die for
so but we'll be making a video here
shortly of a raspberry angel food cake
that you're going to love especially for
the summer it's a great light cake
and we'll be using this raspberry puree
in that video so hope you enjoy the
raspberry puree and look forward to
seeing you in the next video