[Music]
hi I'm Sydney Christie and this is how
we make
our mck Clamato juice in the States you
don't have mck Clamato and it's the best
ever I never find it we call in the cas
you guys call Bloody Mary here we call
them bloody Seasons um this is just
Clamato juice you can use if you don't
have clam juice you can't find it you
can just use flavored Tomatoes that's
what they have in the states so C's
going to start and I'm don't put the ice
in first like I did so what you're going
to do is you're going to rim it lemon or
lime normally we're twisting it up with
an orange just adds a little bit
different flavor and we have celery salt
as a rimmer so Chris you want to grab
the lid and show them what it looks like
so just Bloody Mary celery salt so it
comes in all different forms this one's
easy just stck your glass right in yeah
if not you can just get a little bit of
celery salt a little bit of salt mixed
up together some pepper okay so what I'm
going to do is now add
ice like lots and lots of ice makes it
delicious next it is going to measure
one shot of
now we're making this for a boy make it
a little stronger if we want so I might
add one and a half shots just to give it
a little extra punch okay two is perfect
okay there's two shots we have lemon
we're just going to do a cat full of
fresh lemon juice you don't have fresh
sorry this is not fresh lemon juice you
can use fresh or yeah fresh is a little
bit better we didn't have any in stock
can put that in now we have Franks Red
Hot Sauce now Tabasco or Franks can be a
substitute should have how many dashes
four four five depending on how spicy
you want it maybe do a little bit more
it look like hot seven and then we'll
taste it at the end and add more this
says Rochester sh can never say it right
we can't say it right I always add about
10 you know what it is it's delicious it
gives a really good flavor to the Caesar
I'm kind of obsessed with it okay now
we're going to pour in our going to stir
this
allice okay oh my God it looks so
delicious we might have to make one for
chy and you will make one okay then to
with I like fresh brown pepper at the
end I don't know why I just think it's
really good so we going to do at the
very end we don't going to start it in
leave it like that we're add a cell for
decoration and a little lime wedge and
here you go Luke here is your Lett Cesar
do you want to try it Luke do you want
us to try it first you guys go for it
okay do you want to take it sit careful
there's
so is it strong is it delicious it's so
delicious you should make this it's a
great party drink oh my God it's amazing
and Caesar go with everything if you
need you e them for lunch party drink
it's it's 2:30 just waiting for a party
to come so we're going to make ourselves
one as
well got every light
take
everything the world St turning while
we