hey everybody welcome back to whistle
thicket if you hear a weird noise in the
background that's our pet mini pig he's
roaming around around my legs Here I am
going to talk about bee syrup and what I
think is the easiest be syrup one-to-one
ratio
recipe that I found and it's simple it's
quick it's easy it's not messy I'm not
trying to convince you to feed your bees
some people say yes you need to feed
your B some say never feed your bees but
if you're watching this video you
probably have made the decision to feed
your bees now I am a new beekeeper my
bees are are very young my nuke is still
drawing comb so that's the main reason
why I am still feeding at least one of
my hives is that they are still making
comb in their hive body that takes a lot
of energy a lot of work now the second
year they're not going to have to draw
that comb even if that the bee colony
collapses I already have that drawn comb
that the new bees can use so I may not
feed as much next year or next spring
but I'm still feeding right now so this
is a recipe I came up with so first of
all do this outside the first time I
made B syrup was a complete mess the
kitchen was a disaster sugar is not easy
to clean up I'll tell you that on a
kitchen counter not fun to do so the
ratio is one to one and there's always
arguments should you do by weight should
you do by volume really it doesn't
matter it's the same thing one-to-one
ratio but the important thing is how are
you going to do it how are you going to
transport to your bees there's lots of
recipes out there for five gallons
that's a lot of bee syrup if you have
tons and tons of bees yes but just
imagine if you have to lift up a
five-gallon bucket to pour that into
your beefeaters that wasn't for me I
found the easiest way is
using an empty gallon jug a milk jug or
jug of water and using that to mix your
B serum so this is the recipe it's
really simple it's based off of a single
bag of sugar this is four pounds of
sugar I think that's a pretty standard
size of sugar so my recipe is based off
of the sugar in the bag so four pounds
of sugar has 454 teaspoons
now there's three teaspoons to one
tablespoon so that means that there are
a hundred and fifty-one tablespoons in
this bag now there are sixteen
tablespoons to one cup so if I do 151
and I divide that by 16 I get nine point
four five so basically this is nine and
a half cups of sugar I don't need to
measure it I already know that this is
what I did with my milk jug I filled it
up to ten cups so it's a little more
than one to one but that but I'm fine
with that doesn't have to be exactly
perfect right so I filled it up to ten
cups and a gallon is 16 cups so this is
this is accurate you have to keep in
mind that the gallon kind of loses some
of its air its volume so this tape line
you only have to do this once you
figured out where your tin cup mark is
tape it off I've tried to use markers
that kind of rub off that's why I am
using tape instead and then from there
it's really simple you fill this up with
warm water
some people boil but I've heard lots of
people say that is not good you can
start to ferment the sugar bees don't
want hot be syrup anyway so you got to
let it cool but I do have warm water in
here and that's going to help the sugar
dissolve better and quicker
and then I'm going to let it cool a
little bit and I will feed this to my
bees tomorrow I'll put this in the
fridge and then I'll feed them tomorrow
so this is really easy no mess it's
outside so if I do make a mess it's
easier to clean up I can just use my
garden hose as opposed to cleaning my
kitchen counter so this is a little tip
that I came up with is using a funnel
except most kitchen funnels the neck of
it is very narrow so I have an oil
funnel for a car I bought this years ago
a set of three this is probably only a
few dollars and then I shortened it so
that the opening fits perfectly in my
milk jug so now when I pour in my sugar
it's not going to get clogged up I was
using a baking funnel and it has a very
narrow neck and it was getting clogged
up all the time this makes it way easier
I'm just going to slice a corner here
put it over the funnel and that's really
it and then I'm going to shake it up
well so that is thoroughly mixed and
then I have my one-to-one be syrup ratio
and it's perfect for a feeder and it
will last you several days so let's go
ahead and make her one to one v-0
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and making one-to-one sugar syrup is
that easy no mess
I may have spilt just a little bit of
sugar but since I'm outside it doesn't
matter and now the level of the mixture
is up to here which is a gallon of syrup
so basically you have a gallon of syrup
for a gallon feet or super super easy I
actually did not use my knife this is my
first time with this funnel and it's a
lot easier to just open the bag and pour
it in through the funnel as opposed to
the older funnel I had that was a lot
smaller and it was just harder to pour
so I have one gallon of B syrup this
cost me a dollar and 33 cents now if you
wanted to get more sugar of course you
can get it for even cheaper with his
giant 25 pound bags but my bees are
gonna need this to draw out their comb
because in a few weeks I'm gonna have a
nectar flow and I want my Beast
to be ready so if this was a helpful
video let me know comment give us a
thumbs up and keep on beekeeping it's
been a awesome adventure so far and
we'll see you in the next video