how to unclog a garbage disposal when
your garbage disposal clogs don't rush
out and call a plumber there may be
simple methods for dealing with the
problem you will need a flashlight an
extraction tool and an allen wrench
optional a broom handle a wooden spoon
and a replacement garbage disposal unit
step one locate and press the disposals
reset button often a disposal that's
overloaded will trigger the unit to shut
down step two turn off the electrical
power to the disposal unit at your main
electrical panel or if you can easily
access the power source to the disposal
unplug it step three examine the
disposal unit with a flashlight and
search for the object that might have
caused the unit to clog step four remove
the object with an extraction tool such
as pliers or tweezers step five spin the
disposal grinding unit with an allen
wrench in the hexagon shaped slot in the
underside of the disposal insert a broom
handle or wooden spoon into the disposal
chamber and push it back and forth
against the grinding arms step six
remove any loose material in the
disposal turn on the power and attempt
to operate the disposal with the water
running don't unbolt the screw in the
center of the disposal chamber the
center bolt holds the unit together step
seven if the clogging object cannot be
cleared with these techniques you may
have to replace the unit did you know
the first garbage disposal was developed
in 1927 by an inventor working in his
basement