all right we're going to make a Moscow
Mule now this is one of four cocktails
created by John Martin after World War
II to promote his new product smaroff
vodka vodka was basically not used
unheard of kind of deal um before uh
these four drinks were uh introduced uh
basic ingredients are obviously vodka
we've got smear off
here ginger beer which is really just a
kind of an intense ginger ale it's not
alcoholic um just a intens cheral and
lime juice fresh squeeze of course now
uh this drink was originally served at
the cocka B on Sunset Boulevard in
Hollywood uh a lot of movie stars
hanging out there uh drinking it a lot
of movie star is actually used in the
marketing and that's really what uh
helped vodka become the most popular
spirit that it is today really cool
thing about the mosa Mill is that it's
traditionally served in a copper mug so
we've got our copper mug here and uh
we'll go ahead and measure out an ounce
and a half of
vodka and we'll follow that up with just
a splash of lime
juice and let's put some ice in our
copper
mug and we're going to top it off with
ginger beer
and this drink is really going to be
nice and refreshing for the
summer um good drink any time of year
and the copper mug what's what's really
cool about it other than looks awesome
is that uh it really conducts the uh the
coldness of the drink and just makes the
drink seem that much more
refreshing so there we go that's the
Moscow mu here's to the motherland