hey guys Mike The Reluctant gardener
here to tell you about the homemade bug
repellent mosquito and black fly and
tick repellent spray that I've made
based on what I've read up on the
internet it's using natural essential
oils I'm not going to claim it's as good
as a hundred percent DEET it certainly
kept all the bugs off of me for three or
four hours at a time when I was using it
in the garden the last couple of days
over the weekend not sure that it's got
the same power as deep but it did the
job and it was way less nasty and didn't
sort of getting worn you fit in
everything as a heating and just B bar
so it's good it works it's real easy to
make let's talk through it okay so first
thing you're going to want is a small
spray bottle that you can put everything
into I was using this for irony and it's
recently been repurposed next up two
ounces of water also two ounces of
cheapest vodka you can find there's no
way I'm putting this stuff in it it's
way pricier than we need to use for this
and if you stop there half vodka half
water what you end up with is a
fantastic costume deodorizer just spray
this on your costume when you come off
stage hang it up and it's not going to
get all horrible and stinky and if it's
already horrible and stinky squirt it
down and it will take care of the smell
but if we're going all the way and
making the bug spray then we need to add
the essential oils first one we need to
add is peppermint oil 20 drops go into
that half a cup of water vodka solution
and you can probably stop there and have
a pretty decent sort of spray next up
see the wood oil this stuff is as good
apparently as the peppermint mix the two
together should be twice as good
this stuff is a bit more potent its
clove oil
I added six drops instead of the 20
drops of the other two and that seems to
work quite well and finally yell angle
Aang I have no idea if this was doing
anything or just adding to the overall
fragrance of the spray but it certainly
didn't hurt it and as I say between it
all it kept the bugs away quite nicely
so there you have it two answers of
water two answers of vodka 20 drops of
peppermint oil 20 drops of cedar wood
oil six drops of clove oil and six drops
of your langa langa why're you saying
that and that will give you a great
spray to keep the bugs off you spray it
on your clothes spray it on your body no
bother at all the pepper means that you
can give it a very refreshing feel as
does the alcohol evaporating like I say
use the cheapest vodka you can find we
don't want to get into alcohol abuse
here by using the good stuff it worked
for me I hope it works for you
have a great evening my reluctant
gardener society next