[Music]
deep frying in a pan can be dangerous if
you don't take
precautions it's essential that the pan
being used has a lid to cover it if it
catches fire and have a damp tea tow to
hand to smother any flames never leave
the pan unattended when cooking use a
pan with deep sides and fill the pan no
more than half full with a flavorless
oil such as vegetable or sunflower oil
these oils have a high smoking point so
can withstand high temperatures without
burning don't use olive oil as this
doesn't have a high smoking point leave
at least a 10 cm Gap from the level of
the oil to the top of the pan to allow
for the oil rising and bubbling during
cooking make sure the handles of the pan
are facing
inwards preheat the oil to the cooking
temperature use a probe thermometer held
upright in the middle of the oil to
check the temperature or use a cube of
bread drop it into the oil if it sizzles
in 20 seconds it's around 190° C if it
sizzles in 40 seconds it's around 180°
Cade if it takes 60 seconds it's around
160° Cade if it Browns in 10 seconds it
is dangerously hot turn off the heat and
allow to cool for a few minutes pat food
dry fry with paper towels before frying
moisture on the outside of foods can
cause the oil to Splatter don't get too
close to the oil use long tongs or a
slotted deep fry spoon and remove Foods
carefully deep frying is a fast process
and smaller pieces of food will cook
faster and more evenly than larger
pieces if deep frying larger pieces of
raw meat make sure that the oil isn't so
hot that the outside Burns before the
inside is Thoroughly cooked for
consistent result
cook in small batches adding too much
food at once will lower the temperature
of the oil allow the oil to return to
the correct cooking temperature each
time before adding the next batch doing
both of these things ensures the food
will be crisp on the outside rather than
soggy or
greasy drain the cooked food on kitchen
towel to absorb the excess oil and keep
the food crisp season with sea salt
while still hot and serve
immediately once finished cooking don't
move the pan of Hot Oil leave to cool
completely before
emptying never dispose of fat by pouring
it down the
[Music]
drain