hello again my name's John I'm a retired
cook from the northeast of England in
the UK and welcome to another one of my
cake videos in this one I'll be
demonstrating how we make this very easy
to do German coconut cake instead of
using butter I'll be using sunflower oil
which gives the cake extra lightness and
moisture and here's a list of the
ingredients if you fancy having a go at
making it yourself there'll also be an
ingredients list in the description box
below the video right I'll start by
greasing and flowering and 900 gram
that's a 2 pound loaf tin a short and if
you need them the tin dimensions are on
screen too and I'm using a little lad to
greased mine but you can use butter or
oil but in my experience Lord is the
best under cheapest to use time to
preheat the oven to 170 degrees Celsius
the 338 Fahrenheit or gas mark full I'm
set in mind of 150 Celsius as my ovens
fan assisted and it runs about 20
degrees hotter than indicated on the
dial
now this part couldn't be easier you
basically get it into a ball and whisk
it all together
I remember my old boss used to say you
can do this sponge in your sleep with
one hand behind your back but for the
sake of thoroughness I'll go through
each ingredient as it goes in right
that's the eggs and the oil and I'm
using sunflower oil but you can use
vegetable oil next is the sugar
then my homemade vanilla extract and
I'll leave a link in the description box
below on how to make it desiccated
coconut and the salt if you don't like
coconut just add something else like
raisins and sultanas or some lemon zest
I'll just leave it as a plain vanilla
cake it's up to you experiment ok now
finally after baking powder under self
raising flour now if you're using plain
or all-purpose flour you'll need to add
an additional 1 and 1/2 teaspoons of
baking powder that will be two and a
half teaspoons in total and make sure
you use baking powder and not baking
soda now the finished butter will look a
bit runnier than ordinary cake father
but don't be concerned it's supposed to
be this truly is a foolproof recipe as
long as you get your quantities correct
and the best way to do that is use
digital kitchen skills but use grams and
once you give it a good mix that's it
now get it into the greased and floured
Laughton
[Music]
and there you go how easy was that it
actually took longer to measure up the
ingredients all you have to do now is
get it into the preheated oven not set
to 170 Celsius that's 338 Fahrenheit or
gas mark 4 and set your timer for 50
minutes
[Music]
once the times up
check it with the cocktail stick if it
comes out clean the cakes done if it's
still a bit sticky just give it another
five minutes now mine's done so I'll
take it out of the oven and let it rest
and cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes
before attempting to take it out of the
tin
[Music]
[Music]
okay time to take it out of the loft in
if it's a bit reluctant to come out just
carefully run a thin bladed knife around
the edges of the tin but if you've
greased and floured the tin well it
should come out nor Bala as - done all I
need to do now is give the top of the
cake a good generous quarter of my
homemade strawberry jam I'll also leave
a link in the description box on how I
make the jump
[Music]
[Music]
and sprinkles more of that good quality
desiccated coconut over the top
[Music]
now I'll cut a couple of slices off and
do a little taste test and as you can
see it's a fantastically moist blight
sponge it has a wonderful close crumb on
it smells absolutely delicious and here
we go it has a great texture with the
coconut brain in there and not great
vanilla aftertaste is amazing we make
big slabs of these at work cut it into
squares and serve it with custard it's
always been a very popular dessert and
that's why I thought it'd be a good idea
to adjust the recipe so you can make
this at home and I hope you look great
this one definitely gets a thumbs up
well thank you again for watching please
like share comment and subscribe by
hitting the circle above if you do
subscribe activate the Bell icon next to
the subscribe button on my channel page
and by doing that you'll be
automatically notified every time I
upload a new video and in the meantime
here's a few of my other videos and
playlists that you may want to watch so
until the next time be safe in the
kitchen and bye for now