[Music]
hey guys what's up it is Michael from
lean body lifestyle and today what I'm
going to show you guys how to do is
actually make a really delicious salad
and salad is one of the most requested
recipes that I get on my Facebook page
which will be down below I'd appreciate
it if you come by and like it but um in
the meantime I'm going to show you guys
how to make a salad and what we're going
to need is some tuna um I have some
frozen peas in this bowl about half a
cup um if you like them you can use them
if not you can leave them out so uh
first off what we're going to do is open
up this can of tuna and the nice thing
about tuna is it's basically like
chicken except it's cheaper and you can
just eat it right out of the can if you
wanted so a lot of people say that they
don't have enough time to cook uh lunch
while they're at work um just take a can
of tuna you can just drain it out and
eat it right out of the can but with
this salad I'm going to show you guys
how to T make this tast tastes a lot
better so let's get started so I've got
my bowl of frozen peas here and I'm
going to add the tuna that I just
drained uh right on top of
it and then what I'm going to do is take
about three egg whites and add that into
the bowl as
well and this is just preference I like
Tabasco sauce it's going to give it a
nice flavor a little bit more spice so
I'm going to add a little bit of that in
there as
well
and I also have a pan here heating up on
medium heat um we're going to cook this
obviously but go ahead and stir this up
and I'm also going to add in a little
bit of Fiesta Lime seasoning this is
just a salt-free seasoner again this
will give it more taste so now that we
have the tuna all mixed up here uh we're
going to throw it on the stove for a
little bit this shouldn't take more than
3 minutes to cook you're just going to
take a little bit of non-stick cooking
spray and spray that on the
pan
and then add the tuna and let that cook
put a lid on it and kind of mix it up
with a spatula and again it shouldn't
take more than 3
minutes so in the meantime while the
tuna is cooking um what I'm going to do
today is actually just use a bag of
lettuce these are actually uh $2 and
they're already pre-washed and they come
with a lot of greens already mixed in
this one has some peas some radishes and
roma lettuce and carrots just all mixed
in into the bag so it's going to give it
a nice taste there's a lot of different
vegetables in here so just open this up
and you can put it in a bowl and when I
eat this I normally eat a whole bag and
that may seem like a lot but really one
whole bag of this only has about 80
calories so that's what I'm going to do
today and now while this is still
cooking cooking here um for the dressing
it's basically preference but I'm going
to kind of give you guys some things to
steer away from uh definitely steer away
from Ranch even this is a light ranch
and only two tablespoons has 80 calories
which is just as many calories is this
entire bowl of lettuce so that's just
something to think about and not to
mention this is loaded with fat um maybe
a light Italian dressing would be good
um a kind of mustard mustard actually
makes a great dressing and that's what
I'm going to use today for ground
mustard it's actually 0 calories so I'm
going to add a little bit of that on top
kind of mix it up and then we're going
to add a little bit of olive oil for
some healthy
fats and then like I said earlier just
about one cap full of extra virgin olive
oil I'm just going to go ahead and mix
all this up kind of spread the dressing
around and then now that the tuna is
completely done we're just going to add
that right on top of the
[Music]
salad and I'm going to add a little bit
more of this seasoning just right on
top and there you have it this entire
bowl of salad it seems like a lot of
food I know but the whole thing has
around 500 calories this is actually my
favorite lunch that I eat every day uh I
never get tired of this you can switch
up things to give it more uh variation
to your preference of course but that's
pretty much it for this video I just
wanted to show you a basic idea so feel
free to change it and just remember stay
away from fattening dressings just go
ahead and take a look at the back uh
before you eat them but that's it for
this video guys I hope you enjoyed if
you enjoyed it please rate the video
because that helps me out so much but I
hope you guys have a good day
bye
[Music]