if you're anything like me then I'll
tell you how I am when I was married my
ex-wife would say to me were you in the
dining room or were you in the rec room
she would question me yes dear I was how
can you tell she says there was food on
the floor so I would leave like trails
from things wherever I go that has not
changed but the man that leaves crumbs
and trails of food everywhere still
exists and he also leaves trails of food
on many of the things that he wears let
me show you because I'm going to show
you how to remove a stain today stay
tuned these are jeans I'm happy to say
that they are a 35 inch waist I went
from a gosh I'm almost embarrassed to
say a 42 inch waist down to a 35 my goal
is to go to a 34 and believe me I feel a
thousand times better but they're
hanging on a hanger here and of course
making a double cheeseburger the other
night what did I do I spill mustard on
my shirt and some on my pants my jeans
right here is the shirt that's from
luxurious bastard and you can see very
clearly a mustard stain which I didn't
pretreat which was probably my biggest
mistake that's the first thing you have
to do when you have a food stain is
pretreat it and soak it up but I was in
the middle of making a video so I'm
going to show you a couple things that I
do to remove stains so you don't have to
avoid wearing clothes anymore and now
it's that time of year where I am all
about jeans and t-shirts and boots so
follow me as I teach you how to remove a
stain effectively and not ruin your
clothes one of the first things that I
do is I always spray it with water first
with a just a spray bottle with water so
let's do that
here's the pants hanging up just give it
a spray and saturate the area that's all
see that's all I did it was just
saturate that starts to loosen up the
stain a little bit let's do the shirt
I'm just gonna let that soak in a little
bit in saturate see if there's any more
nope that's a good place to start right
there next thing I do is just wet a
toothbrush that is dedicated for
cleaning things I'm not putting any
product on it at this point I'm just
taking the toothbrush and I'm loosening
up the actual particulate matter which
you see is just already starting to
loosen up and I'm I like the idea of a
toothbrush as opposed to a scrub brush
because the bristles are really tiny and
they get in between the actual woven
portion I don't want any particulate
matter whatsoever it looks like I'm
spreading the stain but I'm not I'm
actually just loosening up the
particulate matter I'm going to just wet
it one more time hold on give it a spray
mustard is one of the hardest things
actually anything condiment Olek mustard
mayonnaise ketchup are very difficult
but the key to this is truly using the
toothbrush don't kid yourself when you
look at the bristles of a toothbrush
they're almost there just a little bit
bigger than like a human hair a scrub
brush actually will damage the weave of
a garment so even if this is a dress
shirt this is what I'm doing let's take
a look at the pants and do the same
thing I'll give it another shot
and take the toothbrush I just like
putting it against a flat surface like a
door there on a hanger and I get in
there and I'm not going back and forth
like a maniac I'm just kind of literally
working working in the weave if you can
see I want those bristles to go in
between the threads that make that up
all right let's see see you can still
see it they're part of my stain removal
arsenal is
Dawn dishwashing liquid I put it in a
like a you know like a hand soap pump
container and I keep it in the laundry
room so let's just put a little bit of
this on just a little bit and rub it in
like that and then there's a couple
moves that I'm going to do that will
almost ensure that the stain totally
disappears saturate it saturate it this
works well with grass stains and food
stains and anything
now there's two moves that I'm going to
do I will wet the stain again take the
toothbrush now I will work the dawn in
actually into the stain and jeans do
have a pattern if you look very closely
at jeans with a magnifying glass they
almost have I wouldn't quite call it a
herringbone pattern but you need the
bristles remember I'm not going back and
forth and scrubbing the actual jeans
itself because what will happen is after
you wash them and dry them will be like
a white spot where you washed away some
of the the actual dye so I just a j't
ate the stain a little bit and get the
bristles in between the fibers that's
real important let that sit for a minute
next thing the shirt I already have the
Dawn dishwashing liquid which I find
this an incredible stain remover and I
look where the stain was and I do the
same thing I'm not scrubbing it because
I don't want to see the actual abrasion
on the fabric so I'm just kind of going
in a circular motion working into the
stain and making sure that the fibers
the actual bristles of the brush get in
between the weave that's real important
don't do this because you're literally
going to create abrasion on the fabric
and then after you wash it and dry it'll
look like it's been scrubbed so just go
in circular motions I can see I'm
holding the shirt with my hand behind it
and I can feel the bristles kind of
coming through to my hand like I'm
actually feeling poking through now the
last thing you're gonna do you take this
off the hanger the last thing you're
gonna do is literally you're just going
to take the stain find out where the
stain is and just go like this rub the
fabric against each other and just
you're totally loosening everything up
don't be afraid to make some bubbles
some people will actually use like
seltzer water to help remove stains on
delicate fabrics which is like if you
spill wine on a tablecloth you know you
can put seltzer water
that's what SodaStream is also good for
us well actually cleaning up stains
believe it or not you can make a make a
bottle of Seltzer with a SodaStream and
you pour that fizzy water and it
literally lifts the stain all right so
that's what I did with that now it's pre
treated with the pants you can still see
the stain the yellow of air can you see
it you just
this off and I'm gonna do the same thing
I'm going into the pocket here and what
I want to do is I want to go underneath
that fabric underneath the stain put my
finger right underneath that and just
kind of do this I just want to show you
the action I want to limit the abrasion
to just the stained area okay cuz I like
these jeans these are these are special
jeans to me I think you want to know why
because I haven't fit into a size 35
anything for 15 years so the stains have
been soaking they were pre treated now
the key is this I use a an oxygen type
product this one is OxiClean spray that
on the stain that's gonna really really
seal the deal
same thing here few shots I'm doing a
cold water dark wash in there
the shirt will go in there and I like to
just push things down and I always do
wash them with other clothes towels
anything that's non nappy it's got a
weakening puzzle a t-shirts
well good morning it's day number two
and I just took the laundry out of the
dryer stuck it on a hanger and I'm going
to show you exactly what my eyes saw it
stay tuned
well I hope you enjoyed that if you want
more videos like that more like
solution-oriented videos just let me
know it bang the thumbs up button
subscribe to the channel I can't even
begin to say that enough subscribe to
the channel and hit the little bell next
to the subscribe button that way you get
an alert every time great content like
this is put up and of course for the
video to people who you think would
benefit from it I'm going to put links
below for stuff if you can't get out of
your house and you need something
delivered the links for it will be down
below through the Amazon otherwise
everything that I used in the video is
available at your local grocery store
Walmart department store wherever you
want to go and thanks for watching as
always you have so many choices but you
chose to spend a couple minutes with me
and I never take that for granted
have a great day everybody