hi I'm Jill the co-author of the
cookbook dining on a dime and today I'm
going to show you how to clean a
porcelain sink usually I use when in my
dishwater of a couple of caps of bleach
and I just take it and I swish it around
right before I start washing my dishes
like this and I just let it sit kind of
on there while I do in my dishes it
doesn't take long and my sink happens to
be clean but if you have stains just let
it sit the longer you let it set the
better it bleaches out now sometimes
people don't like to use bleach and
different things and I used to use even
more so common when you have darks marks
from a pan you know how you put a pan in
a white horse I'm thinking you get those
marks in there so then those types you
can use just on the mark or you can
clean your sink with the comet and when
I clean it with the comment I just scrub
it all around put my pan out here and I
just scrub it these that's where my
force on this person's about 70 years
old I think and I have Dinks in it and
then once you get it all scrubbed really
good I will walk away maybe let it set
for 10 minutes you don't have to
necessarily it depends on how dirty your
sink is now for something like this I
would just let it set for a minute or
two then when it's ready you just take
and it rinses there
easily I just lost and if you don't get
all fully rinsed off it really won't
matter you'll just sit there and keep
cleaning damn there you have it like I
said this think is about 50 years old
and it's really not for a white person
was thinking too bad shape
tarah asked me she said okay show them
how to get a mark from a pan out of your
whoreson sink I don't ever have marks in
my sink so I I said well I'll try and I
was trying to make a mark and I finally
got a little mark made but when you when
you set a pan in the sink or when you
are scrubbing a pan let a rag down the
dish rag or another dish rag down and
put the pan on top of that that prevents
the the marks from getting in there in
the first place and so then you don't
have to worry about scrubbing scrubbing
prevention is way better than trying to
fix fix the mistake or fix the mess and
I also have this rubber dish pan that I
wash my pants in and so I sent them on
the rubber and
it automatically makes it fine you some
people use a rubber mat in their sink
too and you can use that to set your
pants up now I've got a little bit of a
mark here just a small mark I finally
made and I'm just gonna take a little
bit of Comet powder you could probably
use any kind I use comet and as you can
see I just even use my finger and the
marks gone it just totally just I always
use comment because to comment you can
use Bon Ami and things like that
maybe but the comet is good for
porcelain sinks it bleaches it we're
bonne ann√©e and the other powder
cleansers don't always have the bleach
in them so that's why I like using the
comet because it's it's just about as
gentle as a bond and bonhomie and those
other types of powder detergents so
that's as simple as it is you just can
sprinkle some bleach or comet in the
sink and take your rag and scrub and
those marks are gone
if comet doesn't get it off you've got a
really bad spot you can use what dry
sandpaper just go to your hardware store
and they will show you what to use and
then voila it's gone especially if you
have a lot of them you can do it that
way too
thank you for watching us and please
join us on living on a dime calm
you