hello everyone welcome back to our
Channel obsessive chicks today I'm going
to show you how to make your own
homemade vanilla extract it is so easy
to make simple to do and it only
requires two ingredients all you need is
some
vodka and some vanilla beans now when I
make my van vanilla extract I've been
doing this for years and I stopped
buying vanilla extract because I didn't
like all the ingredients that were in
vanilla extract and it really is simple
to to do but I purchase good quality
vodka now there are some recipes out
there for lower in vodkas and you can
use whatever you want I just I'm just a
firm believer if I'm not going to drink
this in a mixed drink or straight up I'm
not going to put it in my extract so I
like nicer quality vodkas for my vanilla
extract now on the beans I purchased
these on Amazon they come 10 to a pack
$36 and the price will fluctuate because
it's kind of like on the market kind of
thing but $36 for tin beans yes it is
pricey I buy the Grade B Madagascar
beans but they are so worth spending the
money on to have a good vanilla extract
when you purchase it from Amazon they
come in a little sealed bag like this
and uh the company that I buy from
purchase from I like the bean quality
they're not dried out there are some
other qualities out there companies that
have dried out beans and they're not
quite the quality make sure not to buy
the split Bean buy the whole bean but
I'll leave a link below on um what I
purchased the company that I purchased
from so buy some good beans you can also
purchase tahan and make tahan vanilla
extract I just prefer the taste of
Madagascar beans now over the holidays I
happen to run out a vanilla extract
which spurred this
video I went and purchased Watkins it's
$9 for a bottle 8 oz I swore years ago I
would never purchase store-bought
vanilla extract but I did I was out of
it and I needed it but the flavors are
just not the same when you make your own
vanilla extract and also you think your
buying vanilla extract it's baking
vanilla with pure with pure vanilla
extract there's sugars water food
coloring you're not getting straight up
vanilla extract so it is worth spending
the money now I've got a fifth of vodka
here I'm not going to use all this I'm
going to use half of it to make lemon
cello I'll show you how I make that in
another video hence my lemons back here
I went and picked love Arizona this time
of year and uh so we're going to go
ahead and mix up split these beans and
I'll show you what I'm
doing okay so we're going to get our
vodka we're going to fill
up so now with our vanilla beans what
we're going to do is I'm going to leave
half of them whole um I don't want to
split five of them because what I'm
going to do and what I do is I will pull
one out of the jar and once it's soaked
you can squeeze all that yummy vanilla
bean out to use for ice cream and in
your baking so I want to go ahead and
leave probably five of them whole now
let's see I'm going to cut my little
ends off here just at the top I'm going
to put those in in there because that
does not hurt and I want all of this to
be saturated in the
Vodka so I leave five of them a whole
and what I'm going to do with the
rest is I'm going to take my
knife the back end of it and I'm going
to flatten
out my vanilla bean and then that way I
can go ahead and split
it
down so now I can Expo expose the
vanilla cut that one off and I'm going
to go ahead and put that in and that
piece in there so I'm going to continue
to do
this with all my vanilla
beans and in the past over the years I
have gone ahead and put more vodka in
the J uh jar and then put extra beans in
instead of having purchased so many of
them
and then I just kind of kind of like a
sour dough starter and I've had great
success with just adding beans to it so
still splitting the
Bean cut that end off put it in and you
want a container that is large enough
tall enough that you can have your uh
beans completely submerged and what you
want to do also is store this in a cool
dark place a closet and every once in a
while go in and shake it I'm going to go
ahead and take some of these beans
out cuz I like to have some of them look
at all that so good inside my
jar just to add some more flavor to it
and I'm not wasting any of
this and then I'll put this Bean
in and like I said over the years I just
add some extra beans some more vodka to
it so I have now split beans and I have
whole
beans
and I'm not quite submerged yet so I'm
going to go ahead and add some more
vodka and I've got my 10 Madagascar
beans in my vanilla
extract well that was simple easy to
make why I let mine run out I don't know
you get caught up in life took 5 minutes
less than I think it took longer to
order the vanilla
beans anyways you've got your vanilla
extract starting here working put it in
a dark closet like I said shake it every
once in a while now you can use this
after about a month it's not going to be
that full flavor you want the longer you
go the better so uh 6 months is
preferable make it give it as a gift
well I hope you enjoyed that video if
you did please subscribe if you want
want to be notified for future videos
hit the bell and we hope you have a
blessed
day