today I'm going to be showing you how to
clean Ivory elk teeth you can see
there's a bunch of Gunk on these and I'm
we're just going to try to get them off
so they look nice and
clean so what you're going to want is
you're going to want a pot of boiling
water and I'm wait for this to start
boiling all right now I got my pot of
boiling water I'm just going to take my
teeth and I'm just going to drop them in
the water
just like
this and um I got the timer set for
three minutes and I'm just going to come
back on the three minutes is up all
right our three minutes is up and um
what we're going to do is we're just
going to take the pot off and um we'll
let them cool down and if you look in
there good you can see that the there
little particles of chunks that have
come off from boiling so you can tell
it's been working so um what you're
going to do is you want to get like a
fork and just put them on a paper towel
You' already got them
out just like
this and um I'm going to let them cool
off a little bit not too long though
because we don't want the gunk getting
stuck back on there so I'll be back in a
minute all right so now I got one of the
teeth and you can see all the gunk
starting to come off now so what I'm
going to do and I'm just going to get
over my paper towel and take my fil and
just start scraping away a lot of the
gunk and get it all
off and this might take about a minute
to get it off really good and I'm just
start scraping and what I've done with
this one is I've already scraped off the
gunk so you can already see this cleaned
up pretty well so um what you're going
to want to do is take an old toothbrush
like this and just start in vertical
motions just start scraping it off and
it'll get a bunch of the dust and junk
off extra Gunk and um what you want to
do is just want to keep on scrubbing
this until you think it's to the point
of where you want to be clean to these
are my teeth after couple of days of
cleaning them and um what I've done
after cleaning them with the toothbrush
and boiling them is um I just stick them
in my pocket with a little bit of change
and walk around walk around school all
day with them and um the inside of your
pockets and the change knocking against
them will clean them off pretty well
just do that for a couple of weeks and
they'll clean up pretty nice that's what
I'm doing with mine so after you're done
getting on the gunk off of them just
clean them up with your
pocket