there are tons of cleaning videos on
YouTube but when you watch it clean my
space cleaning video you know that
you're getting info from a cleaning Pro
because for those of you who don't know
I have a cleaning company here in
Toronto I've had it since 2006 and since
inception I have trained hundreds of
people how to clean and we have cleaned
tens of thousands of homes over the
years so whenever I share information
with you it's information that I've used
to train staff to clean in the most
efficient and effective ways possible
this is truly how professionals clean so
in this video I'm going to show you how
to clean a sink but I'm gonna show you
how the pros do it and just a quick
reminder if you haven't done so already
to subscribe to the clean my space
channel and give this video a thumbs up
if you like me in bright colors all my
clothes seem to be black and white these
days but I thought I'd throw some yellow
on for you the kitchen sink really sets
the stage for a clean kitchen if your
kitchen sink is full of dishes or crap
in there it is not gonna look good but
the other thing to keep in mind is that
your kitchen sink is actually one of the
dirtiest places in your home so if you
leave a sponge or a dish or a cup or
some meat juice in there bacteria starts
to fester and other things can pick up
that bacteria therefore causing
cross-contamination or odors can start
to form in your sink now the other thing
to keep in mind is that your sink
contains a drain and in your drain is
food and all kinds of other stuff that
you have dumped down that drain so this
thing can really be a hot spot for
concern in the kitchen that's why you've
got to reel it in and clean it properly
so I'm gonna walk you through step by
step what you should do I'm gonna share
with you some tips things that you might
not have thought of and just some
general ways that you can make your sink
probably look better than it ever has in
other words if your sink got a makeover
it would look 10 years younger
first I'm dumping a half cup of baking
soda down each drain this is going to
help deodorize everything while I'm
cleaning and then I'll run some hot
water down there at the end
next I'm drenching the entire sink with
all-purpose
cleaner now generally soap and water is
good enough to clean and get rid of
bacteria in your sink I've added some
tea tree oil in there for some extra
pizzazz
now I'm sprinkling baking soda this was
a little aggressive I used a lot but
baking soda in there as my scouring
product now I'm spraying a paper towel
with some plain white vinegar and I'm
going to wrap this around the area of my
faucet that has some hard water buildup
and some crustiness in it you can do
this anywhere on your faucet though I
just needed to do it right there now I'm
taking a toothbrush I wet it with some
all-purpose cleaner I squirted some dish
soap on there and I'm going to use this
to give a really nice deep clean to the
area where the sink meets the countertop
for this undermount model but if you
have a sink that sits above your
countertop you can do the exact same
thing where your sink meets your counter
the idea here is that you really want to
dig in with that toothbrush and get to
some of that gunk that is otherwise
hidden now I'm using the exact same
technique to focus on my drain I'm just
putting some all-purpose cleaner there
to wet it I'm adding some dish soap to
my toothbrush I'm gonna use some of that
baking soda that's already there and the
toothbrush will really allow me to
detail all of those little grooves and
nooks and crannies around the drain that
would otherwise be very difficult to
reach this is important because a clean
drain can be hard to attain with just a
sponge
now that the heavy lifting is done and
using the back side of a double-sided
sponge to give my sink a really good
scrub down you can also use a dish wand
if you prefer that's a nice alternative
it might be more comfortable for you I
just decided to use a sponge and the
soap from the all-purpose cleaner plus
the baking soda is giving me every
opportunity to really sour this sink
well and I love using baking soda to get
the sink super super clean I'm working
my way from the top spiraling my way
down to the bottom and then cleaning the
base now I'll hit it with some hot water
I like to use this spray setting but I
don't really think it makes a difference
and I'm going right from the top or the
undermount is all the way down to the
bottom you want to make sure you don't
miss too
much otherwise I'll have trouble when
you're trying to shine it up later now
I'll take my cleaning toothbrush and I'm
just gonna work my way through those
grooves on the faucet where I noticed
some gunk I'm using the vinegar soaked
cloth to wipe it you can even kind of
wedge it right in there and get some of
that crud out and then I'm using the
toothbrush just to detail some other
areas that I wanted to clean really well
now is the fun part I'm buffing
everything out so the rest of the faucet
wasn't too bad which is why it just
needed a quick wipe and I'm using this
large ultra plush microfiber cloth it's
a makers of course to shine and dry the
sink now the cool part about this is if
I notice that I've missed a spot which I
probably didn't but I'm going to show
you how to do this anyway you can spray
some white vinegar and use it as a
little bit of an eraser so if you've
noticed you've missed a spot or a water
spot spray some vinegar and buff it off
and now I'm going to soak my faucet
which has hard water buildup on there
with some vinegar so I've added the
remainder of my vinegar to a zipper lock
bag and I'll leave this for a couple of
hours now that you know how to clean
your sink like a pro you've been given a
fresh set of eyes so that means you'll
never be able to unsee the things that
you've seen in your kitchen sink and
when you go to other people's homes
you're gonna have those eyes as well and
you'll start to pick up on who really
knows how to clean their sink or not but
the purpose of all of this is so that
you can have a beautiful clean sink and
feel amazing about your kitchen and that
leads me to this week's comment question
which is we have a whole bunch of clean
like a pro videos coming up because you
guys seem to really love them but I'd
love to know in the comments what would
you like to know how to clean like a pro
next because we can pick pretty much
anything in the house but I want to know
what you guys want to see so let us know
you want to see what we're up to during
the rest of the week aside from cleaning
a sink you can follow us on instagram i
am @melissamaker chad is
@thechadreynolds and the two of us are
@cleanmyspace now here are a couple of
other videos I think you're going to
love and if you want to learn more about
my favorite makers clean microfiber
cloths you can click this button
right over here there is button down
there that lets me know you care so
click it if you liked this video and
click this button right here to
subscribe and begin your journey to a
cleaner life thanks so much for watching
and we'll see you next time