welcome guys to Rasmus damn God TV and
today we are making a Moscow Mule so
what's in a Moscow Mule it's a bit of
vodka it's some Angostura bitter then
it's a bit of ginger beer a bit of lime
and then we want to make it even more
interesting so we add on top of that
some cucumber a bit of cucumber and some
rosemary to give it another flavor give
it a go and make your own twist on this
one but Moscow Mule we're gonna start
off by filling our glass with lots of
ice then we want to take four
centimeters of vodka then we take half
line and we fresh press it we chopped up
with ginger beer so no need of any fancy
equipment for this one you just need
ginger beer vodka and Angostura and
whatever spices you want and a bit of
lime of course great so we chopped up
then we take our cucumber and we use our
peel up for this one and then what you
want to do is want to put it down in the
cocktail because you want to give it a
lot of flavor
from the cucumber and that's why we peel
it and as also look really really
amazing inside the cocktail great and
two dashes of Angostura then we cut a
lime wheel for garnish
and we take our cucumber and then what
we want to do is put it on Laius here
like this and then either just put it on
top or if you have it then you say
cocktail stick and stick it inside Wow
huh easy and then a lime wheel as well
and then we take our rosemary and this
is full of flavor it just needs a bit of
spanking and then it's coming out so
give it a little spank
yeah so we put it next to the straw and
here's our Moscow Mule easy PC Rasmus
thumb got TV show me some love and
subscribe to this channel in your future
self well thank you see you
[Music]