see it's not an ordinary buttermilk it's
not a supermarket cutter but it's
buttermilk that is extracted from the
butter making process which brings it
down to being real hello i'm pepe from
Pepe saya butter company it just is what
it is
buttermilk the way you from from the
butter making process so in our case we
take in creme fraiche we're churning the
creme fraiche and we end up with butter
and buttermilk and that real product
creates such beautiful products after
that buttermilk for me is that acidic
taste that I look for in cooking and you
can't find it in anything else I'm Mike
McInerney I'm the owner of kitchen by
mic and I'm here to talk about
buttermilk buttermilk is such a
beautiful ingredient it's got that
lovely acidity and it's like drinking
yogurt so however you would use yogurt
in in a recipe you could use buttermilk
for instance today I'm cooking on pot
roast mutton leg in real buttermilk and
the reason I'm doing this is because
buttermilk has its acidity it gives the
lamb lovely tenderness the acidity cuts
the richness of the of the mutton and
and also what happens is is the curd
separates and forms this beautiful gold
and layer on top of the lamb and it's
like eating this beautiful rich cheese
with the lamb it's just incredible I do
that we standard buttermilk so that's
just taking it to another level real
buttermilk is a simple and natural
ingredient and it has the potential to
enhance the taste and the nature of the
food as the producers and chefs
make their creations after testing the
puppies buttermilk I knew that I had to
produce a product using this buttermilk
and that's how I came up with the
buttermilk ice cream hi I'm Mona from
dessert maker buttermilk ice cream is
made by mixing buttermilk with Peppa
Sayre creme fraiche and a sprinkle of
sugar and then putting that in my turn
and churning it for about 10 minutes and
then that's it it's been great
people love the flavor people I've been
introduced to real butter milk and
that's the main thing I think some
people don't get it because I've never
had real butter milk and this is a
really good way of introducing them to
real butter milk I'm Alex Herbert I'm
from bird cafes for people that haven't
used traditional buttermilk before or
any buttermilk in general it's a
fantastic product to use in in cakes and
particularly you know a great one for
the kids is the buttermilk pancakes
where you can substitute your normal
milk portion for buttermilk and it adds
a just a nice sourness that you know and
I really like that balance of sweet and
sour my name is Kristin Allen I'm a
sydney-based
artisan cheese maker peppy gave me a
call one day and said asked me if I had
any use for any buttermilk and I've been
looking to make ricotta with buttermilk
for a while so I did a little tester
using the buttermilk and first of all
the smell that filled up this room was
quite amazing
just that lovely cultured sour
smell and then once it was done I took a
spoonful straight out of the pot and I
think it just stopped me in my tracks
and I couldn't do anything else for the
day and just wandered around the house
going oh my god this is the greatest
Pepe's buttermilk because it's it's the
real deal
you know it's it's got the the cultures
in it the flavors just amazing that
lovely soundness
just makes the ricotta just gives the
ricotta just this extra flavor that is
unlike no other and I've given it to so
many different people and they say it's
the best ricotta they've tasted you know
you can bake with it you can braise in
it you can make dressings with it you
can make puddings with you make cakes
with it and it's this lost acidity that
you have to add other additives to your
cakes or to your cooking when you can
get it from the one product now how
wonderful is that
it's very exciting to see a lot of the
chefs and producers wanting to take up
this product and make stuff with it
produce with it cook with it and I'm
really excited to think that this is the
re-emergence of real buttermilk
real butter milk only comes from the
butter making process