hello and welcome to the nqu imagination
station today we're going to make
something really special magical snow
globes they're really easy to make and
everyone can get involved so all you
need is a jar strong glue Glycerine
water some toys to fit in the jar and
some modeling clay and then you'll need
glitter and sparkly make sure you have
an adult's permission before you use
these things and you may want their help
with the slightly tricky bits right so
the first thing we're going to do is get
our Jam Jar take the lid off and we're
going to get our modeling clay and our
strong glue now just to keep it nice and
secure we're going to put some strong
glue on
first and then we're going to stick the
modeling clay on top and press it down
on top of the jar and this is where
we're going to put our toy so I'm going
to use a robot and I'm going to push him
down onto the modeling
clay and I'm just going to check he's
nice and
secure so then we're going to get the
jar and we're going to fill it halfway
with
Glycerine so pour all of that in there
and this will make the glitter float in
the
jar and then you're going to fill the
rest of the jar up with water now
grown-ups you might need to help with
this because you want to fill it up
until until it's full so there's no air
bubbles at the top and you can see the
water's going slightly murky but this
will clear very shortly so the next
thing to do is pour the glitter and the
sparkly in so about a teaspoon of each
going to put the glitter in first and
pour about a teaspoon into the jar in it
goes and then get about the same amount
of sparkly and put them in and then all
that's left to do is screw on our
lid so you're going to screw the lid on
nice and securely and then turn around
give them a shake and there you have
your magical snow globe how cool is that
so I've got my robot and I've got my
princess and they look very happy in
their snow globes but what animals do
you think live in a snowy
[Music]
Place remember there are lots more
things you can build and make at the
nesquick imagination station so make
sure you check them
out