hi guys today I have a new project for
you so today we're gonna decorate a box
with papers with designs on them so for
this project you will need a box like
this one or like an accessory box I'm
gonna decorate two boxes and also you
will need a paper the creative paper so
the paper I bought it came like that but
I had to cut it so that we can put it on
the box so I'm gonna use this paper you
see it's cut for the cover of the box
this is like tickets it's a very cool
paper and for the other box the small
accessory box like I said in another
video I'm gonna use this butterfly paper
so now I'm gonna show you how to do it
you will also need some Mod Podge it's a
kind of glue that's glossy they also
sell sparkly Mod Podge and other kinds
of Mod Podge you can find it at
Michael's or at Walmart and you will
need a brush to apply the Mod Podge so
we will apply the Mod Podge on the box
and on the paper so it gives a glossy
look to the paper and you need to rinse
well your brush so that the Mod Podge
doesn't wreck your brush so rinse it
with hot water so now I'm gonna show you
how to do the box so now I will be
applying the Mod Podge on the cover of
the first box so we need to apply it
everywhere on the cover and you need to
apply it very fast because it will dry
and the modpodge doesn't really smell
good so if you don't want to do it in
your room do it in your kitchen or maybe
outside and apply it in a very good way
that I will be flat with no bumps okay
now I'm gonna put the paper
I won't see to work okay okay
okay now we're gonna apply some Mod
Podge on the sides of the cover
and if you have excess paper like and
once you can see like here just cut it
at the end okay so now I'm gonna
continue covering the box of the paper
and then I will show you when we're
gonna apply the Mod Podge on the paper
I'll come back to you after so as you
can see here I finished applying the
paper to the box the first box so now
are we gonna do we're gonna apply the
Mod Podge on the paper it will give a
glassy look so we're gonna do just like
that so at first it will look weird but
then when it will be dry you'll see
we'll give it glossy lip so I'll come
back to you with the finished product of
the first box okay so while we'll be
waiting for the other box to dry I'll be
doing this box so I always begin by the
cover so technically we're gonna do the
same thing okay so apply it all flat no
bumps there we go and careful to not
apply too much okay
so I'll come back to you and the other
box is dry and this box also will be dry
okay so I'm back guys the boxes have
dried and I don't know if you can see
that it's glossy yes we can see here so
here's a normal paper would not know Mod
Podge and this is with mouthwash so it
gives a pretty cool effect and glossy
this is the cover so it's very cool you
can close it you can put anything in it
so of a normal box we've decorated with
a design paper very cool
here we have the butterfly also very
pretty and glossy so yeah that was it um
for this video they're creating a box
with some paper and Mod Podge I also
have other boxes decorated but also a
paper banana and a different kind of way
so I will show them in another video so
don't forget to subscribe so you can see
all my videos and hope you enjoyed the
video and have a nice day