good morning guys today is August 22nd
and we're gonna go buy some baby chicks
since I've been talking so much about
late chickens with doing videos about
them and the articles for bird talk
magazine that's the magazine that I am
writing for right now about chickens and
just all types of you know words that
you can keep in your backyard for eggs
and stuff like that like ducks now I was
thinking then it would be really cool to
actually get some chicks and start
blogging at as they grow and just you
know to show the whole process from the
very start I had actually been thinking
about getting some
before this and so that's just kind of
like really made me think that it would
be a good idea to start now so we're
taking a trip to go get the chickens
they don't have any chickens and they'll
pass so right now that I can buy because
the feed stores they are not allowed to
sell chickens that are too young I think
it's about like three or four weeks old
and then they have to be in order to
sell them and so that kind of sucks
I get that with like other types of
animals but with the chickens it doesn't
really make sense so it's kind of
annoying but I was able to find some
chicks at another feed store so we're
going to drive an hour to another city
and pick up some chicks
[Music]
yes she's gonna be the one picking up so
let me see goodsoon no yeah maybe this
is financial and thunders is beginning
you know my little my real making these
are all pulling for emails
these are bullets and straight runs so
the black
and you want six of them this four is
like I think she wants to see if she
could go in there and pick them out no
no I think can you point him out which
ones you want
is there any ways you can go in with you
- just point what Chester once
Oh
you know you can seem to hear
O'Connor oh yes they are I'm sorry
[Music]
in there thank you so here are the
little chicks they're so cute they're
actually kind of big I think I've gotten
so used to raising bantams but they're
just so like fluffy and and kind of
chubby like look at their little booty
so we're stopping to get some food and
then we're gonna drive back already
that's another hour drive to get back
home they're so sweet
[Applause]
we just gotten one with the chicks and I
have them set up in this brooder there
so that they have heat although they
seem to get hot very easily like too hot
so let's see if this is gonna be OK for
them or if I need to lower the heat for
them I just noticed that they seem to
get hot a lot quicker than other chicks
that I've raised so they're they're
eating some food right now and I have a
water dish set up for them over there
it's not actually what I wanted to have
for them I was going to buy a water
container at the feed store but they
actually didn't have any so I'm gonna
have to go to another feed store later
today and get some of this stuff that I
wasn't able to get now these are going
to be laying hems so I am feeding them
organic food because we're gonna be
eating their eggs so obviously not yet
but I just want to start them off on the
right foot and they're going to get
organic food and all of that so that
they produce
I guess just you know natural eggs
they're really pretty oh you're so
pretty look good few two very cute
little chickens you're on your foot okay
good
don't want them to have any curled toes
they all seem really healthy there's um
some size difference between a few of
them and I'll be announcing your names
probably later today well I guess a
hinders vlog gonna come up with I have
the names for some of them so I'm going
to come up with the rest of the names
and then I will probably tell you next
time I turn on the camera oh and I'm not
sure if I mentioned these guys are about
a week old they are not chicks that
barely hatched out they're probably at
least seven days now you can tell
because they have all of their wing
feathers
so we finished picking out the names for
these little chickies they're so cute
so they are supposed to be pullets that
means they're all girls
hopefully honestly it wouldn't be too
shocking if like one turned out to be a
boy but we're gonna hope that they are
all girls so we've picked out some girl
names for them and so we picked out oh I
wanted to go like with really
old-fashioned names for these guys so we
picked out three English names and three
Spanish names that are just really old
school names so we have Dorothy Clawdeen
Mary Lou and then the other three are
epifanio Josefina and Agnes yeah so
those are their names
it means you pretty much all look alike
I'm starting to kind of be able to tell
the difference between a couple of them
but right now they kind of just all look
alike with little slight differences I
mean they are going to look very very
similar when they're adults but I think
that with animals like this you're
spending so much time with them and you
start to notice just little differences
between each one Lily had a cheeky
so cute
so I'm going to be doing these vlogs
once a week you'll get to see the
progress between em I'm gonna try to
film them a little bit each day and then
put it all into a vlog in like a weekly
blog so that you get to see the whole
process the entire experience of raising
chicks and it is late in the year to be
raising chicks usually people are going
to start off by raising their laying
hens in the spring but these hens will
be raised late in the year and then by
spring they should be laying so that's
kind of cool
but it will definitely give you a lot of
information if you decide you want to
start raising hens you know collect eggs
or things like that or even just pets
because chickens do really make amazing
pets they really do so I hope you enjoy
these blocks each vlog I'll probably be
going over something a little bit
different in the next vlog hey what are
you doing in the next vlog I will be
talking about their breed and why I
chose this breed so yeah of course let
me know if you guys have questions
that's the point
of these vlogs is that it's supposed to
be a super educational for anybody
that's thinking about getting chickens I
am writing an article on chickens for
bird talk magazine and if you use my
code which will come up on the screen
you can get a discount on your
subscription to the magazine and I will
link all of that information down below
so my article is going to be about
chickens
basically your poultry that you can
raise in your backyard so sometimes I
will be talking about ducks as well in
fact I am really interested in getting
more khaki Campbell's I only have one
khaki Campbell left now from when I had
my lame ducks
it's been quite a few years now so I
really do want to get some more khaki
Campbell's but it's kind of kind of hard
to find sometimes so we'll see how that
goes but for now we'll be focusing a lot
on laying hens and hopefully I can get
the rest of their supplies soon because
they are getting stuff in their water
they're so cute the way they just
scratch around everything they're very
very friendly very curious so each week
I'll be going over something different
and just talking about them and I'll be
putting a lot of really good information
into my articles for bird talk magazine
so be sure to subscribe to that so that
you can check it out thank you guys so
much for watching this vlog I hope you
enjoyed it and we'll talk more soon