hey everybody today I am going to show
you how to pickle some okra and then can
it oh yeah baby well that's what I do
right there I get all my utensils and I
put them in a pot and get that pot just
per near boiling but not quite cuz it's
got all the lids in there and you don't
want to ruin them and then I take all of
my jars and put them in my caner and
make sure they're underwater just like
so and I will bring that water up to a
serious boil for about 5 minutes before
I load them up you know what I mean so
okay now we're going to make our brine
now the the stuff that's going into this
brine will be listed below okay and it's
like
gold not bragging either I've been
trying for 30 years to get this recipe
from an old friend and I finally got it
well anyway I put some salt in there and
you got to Stir It Up and heat it up and
bring that to a boil okay now in each
jar I'm putting a hot pepper you don't
have to do that it will definitely spice
up your okra if you do okay and you see
if you can see there I split it all
right now you see how clear the water is
now that's what happens when it comes to
a boil and what you want to do is
bring that to a boil and let it simmer
for about 10 minutes okay now we're
going to get our hot jars out and they
are hot so you have to use the utensil
and I usually put them back in the case
that they came in just like so all right
now that's what the water looks like
it's simmering okay it is ready at this
point to take it off the fire and load
up the jars okay so now in each jar I
put one garlic clove and a Sano pepper
okay now you can put more garlic cloves
if you want to if you like them more
garlicky or another pepper if you like
them more peppery I mean hot and now
what you do is watch real carefully here
I'm going to stuff these babies down in
there until I just flat can't get
another one down in it you know what I'm
saying so let's so that's the way you do
it now let's just fill another one up
here so you see it
but that's what you do you do that to
every one of your
jars and then what I want you to do is
put one teaspoon of deal seed s d seed
in each jar and then come in with your
Brine and fill them just like that up to
that lip
Okay now when you get them up to that
lip I want you to use this utensil to
push down to the bottom around your okra
to make sure there's no air pockets in
any of them and do that to every single
one of your jars if you don't have one
of those things just use a butter knife
okay all right now shove them down in
there and we're going to get our Lids
make sure you wipe the top of your jars
and put your Lids on securely cuz
they're going to go in a water bath for
10 minutes okay so cover them babies up
and then here's what we're going to do
we got our boiling hot water we're going
to take these suckers to the caner and
we're going to put them under the
boiling hot water for 10
minutes okay use a timer or whatever but
cook them for 10 minutes now here we
go see
that oh yeah
baby okay I had to be careful there
because I had a little bit extra water
water but once you get them in put your
cover on there and give them that 10
minute boil
okay all right now once they've boiled
for 10 minutes with the lid on I want
you
to take that sucker
off
okay okay 10 minutes is gone take that
sucker off and there's what she looks
like see that water bath going down
there all right reaching with your
utensil pencil and pull each one of them
out and go back into that case with them
okay and now I got something special for
you listen to
this did you hear that pop well that is
what it sounds like you can rewind it
back if you want to hear it again that's
what you're looking for you want every
one of your jars of okra to pop like
that which means it's sealed properly
and then there's nothing nothing to do
y'all except date them and put them in a
cool dark place until it's ready to eat
them and they'll keep for quite some
time sometimes I have okra that I keep
for years but uh yours may be different
so always check and make sure it's still
good okay that's the way you do it
everybody uh beautiful pickled oy I'd
give it at least a week I usually go a
month before I open mine that's why it's
not open but uh if you like pickled
ochre folks give this one a try Okay and
then right after to get through pickling
them go out and have a wonderful
wonderful
day bye