I'm going to show you how to fix a
stainless steel travel mug that has
plastic film damage so the most likely
reason this damage occurred was because
it was washed in the dishwasher but it's
not going to be a problem because we're
going to clean all the plastic film off
with acetone to expose the undamaged
stainless surface underneath so first
thing we're going to do is take the cap
off because it can also be damaged by
the acetone then we're gonna want to put
on some gloves anything that really
keeps your skin away from the acetone
would be good you can test the gloves by
rubbing a little bit of acetone against
them and seeing if color comes off on
the paper towel
and that will let you know if the gloves
are being dissolved and you certainly
won't need this much acetone a small
bottle of fingernail polish remover will
work just fine it's also a good idea to
have some sort of drop cloth because the
the red on this could potentially get
onto your table surface we want to be
generous with the acetone make sure the
the paper towel is saturated or we'll be
here for a very long time
and it'll take a little bit for it to
soak up the acetone and then it will
start coming off
by about this point you'll see
diminishing returns it will take a lot
more effort to take the same amount off
so we're just going to soak another rag
and go again
all right I'm gonna just a a little bit
more to finish up the bottom
[Applause]
okay
we're just going to wipe it down with a
dry one and see what we've missed
so I got a few flakes inside but nothing
that won't wash out once it's been
melted it kind of turn it into this
flake powdery stuff so it should be
pretty easy to wash up so there we go
I'll go throw this back in the
dishwasher and we have a travel mug
that's better than what we started with