brought to you by 1aauto.com your source
for Quality replacement parts and the
best service on the internet hi I'm Mike
from 1A Auto I hope this how-to video
helps you out and next time you need
parts for your vehicle think of
1aauto.com
thanks okay so let turn my key on so you
can see my driver side power window
motor is not
working okay so I'm going to diagnose
what's not working here I've got a test
light make a good ground with the
vehicle and here's my switch I put this
I just took the switch off the door
panel and put it on here this first you
want to find the power wire so I've got
the key on on the vehicle so there the
power's on the
vehicle and you can
see that okay there's power there I'm
just probing that hit the metal my light
comes on I have power there okay so at
this first step I've confirmed that I
have power to the switch um if you were
not able to find that you have power to
the switch then you would need to look
for either a break in The Wire um
between the body uh and the door usually
if you pull the little boot back that
protects the wires that run from between
the body and the door you'll find a
brake in The Wire uh the other thing is
you could have a blown fuse um but
you've kind of ruled out step one you've
got power to the switch so power is
getting to the
door okay there's power going into the
switch but nothing's happening all right
so if I look here at my power window
motor I've got a orange with a white
stripe and I've got an orange with a
green stripe coming out of the switch
orange white stripe orange green stripe
so I can probe the orange with white
stripe let's see
here see I'm holding the switch let the
switch out so power is going to the
orange with white
stripe power is going to the orange with
green stripe
so now at this point we've ruled out the
second thing which um the switch we know
the switch is good Power is coming into
the switch uh you activate the switch
one way one of the wires lights up you
activate the switch the other way the
other wire lights up so the switch is
doing its job it's um directing the
power from the main power supply to uh
whichever wire um to run the motor that
you
want okay come down here probe the back
of the orange with white
stripe you can see power's going to the
motor power's going to the motor so
there's nothing wrong with the switch
it's got to be the motor okay so I was
able to deduce that it was the motor
because I know there's power going into
the switch I know there's power coming
out of the switch and I know there's no
brakes in the wires between the switch
and the motor um because when I flick
the switch I'm able to light up the
light at the connector at the motor so
it has to be the motor that's bad okay
we can confirm that pretty easily we've
got our new um regulator with motor here
from 1A
Auto we're going to press down on the
tab
here and
disconnect and then connect that right
here and you can hear very easily as
soon as we hit the switch this motor is
working thanks for tuning in we hope
this video helped you out next time you
parts for your car please visit
1aauto.com also check out our other
helpful howto as well as diagnosis
videos