hey guys this is Abby and I'm cleaning
the cage today so I thought I would show
how I clean the litter boxes before
somebody asks I got these litter boxes
from Tractor Supply the label looks
something like this but I have also seen
these in grocery stores before in random
places yeah I change out the litter
boxes once a week that just works for me
some people do it more and I'm just
going to show you how I clean the litter
boxes there is no like right or wrong
this is just what works for me and how I
do it right now
so first I pick up the litter boxes and
just head outside I put in my boots and
go out the
[Music]
door now this is the compost pile and
what I do here is dump it
out now as you can hopefully see this
one turned out pretty clean this one has
some stuff stuck to it the litter that
was in here was yesterday's news it
worked pretty well but it does kind of
leave more remnants than would stove
pellets do so now I head over to the
water spet and I like to grab a stick as
well so then I can scrape off whatever
is on the bottom and then I'll turn on
the
water and rinse it
out now I guess you could stop here but
I want to get it a little bit more clean
than this so heading back inside I take
off my boots and then I go to the
cabinet grab some steel wool and then
start rinsing out and scrubbing the
litter
[Music]
boxes
after they are all clean or as clean as
I can get them I guess I can't get
everything off cuz they are pretty old
and scratched up but anyway this is the
litter that I do use it's just wood
stove pellets I get them from the
grocery store for $5 a 40 lb bag you can
also get them at hardware stores if you
live where they sell them if you live in
a warmer climate they may not sell wood
stove pellets where you live but if you
go to a farm store you might be able to
find horse doll bedding
which is practically the same thing so
I'm just opening up this new bag and I
just have this scoop and I just take
like five or six scoops and put it in
the litter box basically just till you
can't see the bottom anymore and the
last things to do is just put the litter
back in my closet and put the litter
boxes back in
place and yeah guys that's it for this
video I thought I would just show how I
do this many people ask what litter I
use and such so anyway I hope you
enjoyed this video and I'll be seeing
you in my next one
[Music]
bye