[Music]
keeping goldfish is easy fun and a great
way of introducing yourself to the hobby
with a little time and careful planning
fish keepers can design and create
spectacular and colorful goldfish
displays so what's required to keep
goldfish first you'll need an aquarium
small aquaria are available but for a
beginner we recommend one with at least
a 10 liter capacity a larger aquarium is
actually easier to maintain and also
allows you to keep more fish you'll also
need lighting and a filter you can often
find complete aquarium kits that contain
all the equipment needed to complete
your aquarium
you'll also need gravel or sand
decorations and plants fish food and
nets water conditioner and most
importantly test kits to determine if
the water is safe for fish setting up at
goldfish aquarium is easy
add your washed gravel and decorations
to the aquarium and make sure that the
filter is correctly positioned carefully
fill the aquarium with water and add the
correct amount of water conditioner then
switch on the equipment and allow a few
days before buying your first fish
always making sure the water quality is
suitable beforehand every two weeks
spend about half an hour or so
maintaining your aquarium leave the fish
in the aquarium whilst you do a partial
water change before you discard old
aquarium water use it to wash filter
media or sponges if you need to never
wash it under the tap also don't forget
to add water conditioner to tap water
before refilling your aquarium to keep
the tank looking clean remove any algae
from the glass and ornaments you can
also buy a magnetic glass cleaner that
can be used to remove algae from the
glass without getting your hands wet
if an aquarium is well looked after you
should encounter hardly any problems
however one of the most commonly
encountered problems is poor water
quality it is sometimes a sign of
overfeeding if this has happened to your
aquarium carry out a water change remove
any possible leftover food and remember
to feed less next time always test your
water regularly to ensure that you spot
any water quality problems as soon as
they occur by taking time to carefully
set up and maintain your aquarium you'll
find fish keeping surprisingly easy by
feeding your fish regularly and keeping
the water quality excellent your fish
will lead happy and healthy lives
[Music]