your surface is covered by water and
whether you're in it on it or have it
coming down on you in the form of wind-
driven rain sleep or snow gortex gear
has you
covered the first layer of protection
lies in a ruggedly constructed outer
layer with a dwr durable water repellent
finish beneath this outer layer lies the
legendary gortex membrane that prevents
water from
penetrating each Square in of a gortex
membrane contains 9 billion pores each
microscopic hole is 20,000 times smaller
than a water droplet making it
impossible for rain snow and sleep to
pass
through while each pore of a gortex
membrane is smaller than a water droplet
each pore is 700 times larger than a
water vapor molecule Ule this is what
enables gortex fabric to breathe so that
sweat Vapor can escape keeping you dry
from the
[Music]
inside