hi I'm Kim saurin and I'm here to show
you some tips that the pros use that you
can use at home to make some exciting
and delicious Cuisine one of the most
frustrating things about guacamole is
that the avocado oxidizes so fast but we
have a few tricks that we're going to
show you today to keep that from
happening as quickly the ingredients and
materials that you will need are
obviously your freshly make
guacamole the pit from the avocado lime
juice and plastic wrap first thing we're
going to do is take the lime juice and
sprinkle it over the top of the
guacamole take the pit from the avocado
and stick it straight in the middle of
your guacamole mix finally all you need
to do is take the plastic wrap remove a
nice big strip bigger than your bowl
tear it off and place it pressing the
surface down on top of the guacamole mix
that will prevent any further oxygen
from getting into the mix and turning
your avocado and the whole guacamole
that gross Brown that nobody likes I'm
Kim saorin and that's how you preserve
your guacamole