F dirty
driveway another service that I do is
fence cleaning and
treating and uh I sometimes get asked by
my website about uh why you would want
to clean the fence before treating it um
basically the old uh stain as you can
see this fence here got quite a lot to
clean um if you're going to retreat this
luckily I'm not actually uh retreating
this one today I'm just cleaning it if
you was to try and restain this as you
can see the fence is not that bad I mean
you know you probably get a couple of
years out of this but you can see where
it's weathering at the bottom and the
rest of it pretty good uh this lady
wants the fence treated inside and out
obviously I'm only going to clean it if
you to try and treat straight over the
top of this um old wood stain you may
find that it may not soak up it may not
you know absorb it may not soak in
properly especially if you're using
something like Duck's back uh it's got
very very high water
repellency uh and obviously if it's only
treated a couple of years ago they
reckon duck back's good for around about
5 years um not too sure never tested
that theory but um you may find if I say
if you try and put a treatment over the
top of this one it may not stick it may
just bead up and you may not it may not
the wood may not absorb it properly so
what I always say to customers that
you're better off just having it clean
first uh just a light jet wash nothing
too serious um very similar to cleaning
deck in you want you want to go over it
quite lightly and you will see that you
should be able to um clean off most to
the old stain quite quickly and quite
easily and you'll see by that that
actually wood stain doesn't actually
stick or penetrate the wood particularly
well so there's uh the fence you can see
all the way down there here's the one
I've just I've just cleaned so I've just
pressure washed that one gently I've
just removed most of the old stain you
will get a bit of it that stick
especially in um some of the uh the the
grain but I just want to show you how
easy it is to do uh I've got here with
me the jet wash is on quite low power
and it's really just off idle purely
because you don't want it too mad I've
got my hand Lance with a varo nozzle on
the end set to quite a wide angle spray
I'm going to try and do this one-handed
as usual um and hopefully without
spraying it everywhere so here we go see
what you want to do before I start it up
you want to just use same to deck in
just nice long strokes stay on the
trigger sorry I had to pause there for a
second add some want to walk by right so
here we go nice long strokes not too
[Music]
close
[Music]
sprayed
there so there you go you can see quite
quickly it removes most of the
stain when that dries out it'll give it
a nice key ready for its its new
finish so yeah if if you can clean
before retreating you the new the new
treatment will stick a lot better it
will Adar it will soak in and probably
give you a bit bit longer on the uh the
longevity of the um the product you're
using right I got a lot of fence to
clean happy cleaning bye for
now