hey guys today I'm making a peach pie
baked oatmeal I'm making this for the
week because it's going to be a busy
week and I need some breakfast items
that I can just grab and go and head out
of the house so I'm going to be making
this um today it's something that I
really like making and having on hand a
baked oatmeal usually I like to make it
the latter part of the week so then I
can have it for the weekends um but
really baked oatmeal is great anytime
and you can always do this with peaches
you can do it with apples and do kind of
like an apple pie any kind of fruits um
whatever is in season I know right now
apples it's like apple picking season so
apples would be really delicious in the
baked oatmeal just swap it out instead
of peaches use apples so I have the oven
preheated to
350° and you are going to need um just a
clear baking dish that we can um layer
our oatmeal in and then what we're going
to do is I have two cups of oats in this
container here we're going to mix all of
our dry ingredients first so I have 2
cups of oats and then to that we're
going to add 1/4 cup of brown sugar so
we're just going to put that in and then
I'm adding in here I have mixed 1
teaspoon of cinnamon I have 1 teaspoon
of baking powder and then a half a
teaspoon of sea salt so we're just going
to mix all of those
in and then here I have chopped up some
almonds I have about 1/4 cup of just
chopped up um almonds they're all
different sizes some of them I just
broke up and some of them I used in in
the chopper and just kind of chopped
them so now what we're going to do is
just go ahead and take this and kind of
mix it all
together and get everything mixed well
so I just mixed up um that mixture and
I'm going to go ahead and set this aside
and then in another Bowl you just want
another empty dish I'm going to add 2
cups of unsweetened vanilla almond milk
and this is the silk
brand and we're just going to put that
in we're going to add 1 teaspoon of
vanilla
we're going to need 3 tablespoons of
coconut oil you're going to want to make
sure that your coconut oil is um a
liquid state if not you can always heat
it up um right now mine is um in a
liquid state so we just need 3 tbspoon
of the coconut
oil and then we need to just um whisk
together one egg so I just went ahead
and craft the egg and we just need to
whisk everything together so now that we
have our oatmeal and our wet ingredients
all mixed together
what we're going to do is take our
baking dish and we're going to line the
bottom with the peaches or apples
whatever it is that you choose to use
today I'm using um fresh peaches and
you're just going to line the bottom
with these
and then we're going to go ahead and
pour the rest on top so I'm just going
to sprinkle out the peaches and layer
these all on the
bottom so I sprinkled all the Peaches on
the bottom and if you don't have enough
Peaches I use Used 2 and 1/2 peaches if
you don't have enough go ahead and get a
can of peaches just make sure they're in
100% natural juices so if you can find
an organic or just 100% pure natural you
don't want the light syrup or any kind
of syrup with the peaches so you're
going to want to put that on the bottom
just to fully line it and then the next
thing we're going to do is take our oat
mixture and we are just going to
sprinkle this all along the top of our
peaches and we're going to cover all the
peaches with the
oatmeal or I should say oat mixture it's
not just plain
oatmeal so we have the oatmeal mixture
and then the last thing we're going to
do is go ahead and pour our um wet
ingredients on
top and we're going to want to fully
cover everything so kind of evenly
distribute kind of eyeball it I guess
the last thing you're going to do is
just sprinkle cinnamon on the top I'm
now mixing mine cuz I forgot that I took
the little lid off when I was measuring
out my teaspoon so there's quite a bit
of cinnamon in my oatmeal so I'm just
trying to stir this around but all you
want to do is just gently sprinkle make
sure your cap is back on your cinnamon
when you do that so I'm just going to
blend my um large amount of cinnamon in
my oatmeal I cannot believe I did that
so I'm just going to mix this around and
your coconut oil will probably get back
to a solid state uh my coconut oil did
sitting in the milk mixture in with the
almond milk that's fine because when you
put it in the oven it's going to melt
down and that's exactly what we want so
I'm just going to finish stirring this
and then we're going to put it in the
oven at 350° for about 3540 minutes I'm
going to check on it just to make sure
that it doesn't burn but that's about
the time I'm going to do I just want to
make sure all this cinnamon is
completely mixed
up so we will see it once it's out of
the oven the peach pie baked oatmeal is
out of the oven I baked it for exactly
35 minutes and it smells so Heavenly I
cannot wait to dive into this thing I'm
so hungry I've not had breakfast yet so
this is going to be delicious it smells
just like the cinnamon the peaches this
would like I said be really good if you
did apples um really any fruit to put
inside of an oatmeal it's kind of like
those packets of oatmeal the peaches and
cream but you make it yourself you know
what's in it you can kind of control the
ingredients um that you put inside of it
and you can have it for leftovers so if
you portion it out you can have it for
the whole week for your breakfast and
it's something that's easy because it's
already made just keep it in the
refrigerator and then portion out what
you need and have it for breakfast so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
will see you guys soon
[Music]
bye