[Music]
hey guys what's up another video for
[Music]
y'all okay so as you might know YouTube
has been blowing up with slime not just
now out for the past few months and if
you know me like I'm I don't like using
all those slimes and stuff but like it's
so fun to play with and I just saw like
all these tutorials but a lot a lot of
them have like put glue in them put
like stuff in them borax where I live we
barely have borax the only thing we get
is snow I'm in Canada unless you put
Orton's coffee in it then tell me but we
don't put that in slime so today I have
two recipes for you one is sort of like
a UB slime so it's pretty simple and
then the other one is like just a weird
one I have no idea how it works to be
honest it's like it's weird and it's
weirder than me and that's like saying
something
so here's the
video so guys now I'm going to be
talking about the ingredients for the
two recipes I made well you're going to
need first of all some dish soap I use
Palm Olive oxy but obviously you can use
whatever you have if you have sunlight
if you have Vim but make sure it's clear
and you're going to need some um shampoo
I use Head and Shoulders and you're need
some starch I used corn starch but you
can use potato starch or whatever liquid
starch you have but I'm using corn
starch and you're going to need a bowl
and some spoons I'm using these colorful
disposable ones because I can just throw
them away and I'm not going to be eating
with them lateer so now finally to get
on to the first recipe I'm just going to
be adding 2 tbspoon of dish soap to my
bowl and you can also add food coloring
or something but now I'm just going to
be adding half a cup of corn starch you
can add any sprinkles you want any type
of charms you want to this it's it's
really up to you get creative with it it
is a DIY so be fun be energetic you know
um get some exercise cuz this is pretty
much the only exercise I get in a day
anyways if you need to add more dish
soap add more dish soap if you need to
add more corn starch add it and I'm
really going to be needing it to
incorporate everything together uh
instead of just making one random blob
that's just dish soap some places and
corn starch some
places now the Slime has been fully
kneaded and just pretty much resting and
I'm using a yellow marker to put dots
and incorporate color so if you don't
have food coloring you could always use
this method uh to just add a little bit
of touch of creativity so now going on
to the final version It's So stretchy
and it's really fun to play with and
honestly it turned out great so you
should obviously try it and now going on
to the second recipe for the second
recipe you'll need some salt as an extra
ingredient to make the
Slime so now this is the second slime
recipe and basically I'm going to be
eyeballing an amount of shampoo into my
bowl you you can add how much you want
really it's how much slime you want from
the tutorials I have seen this is what
you do and then you want to start by
adding some salt no more than a teaspoon
so this is one of the riskiest slimes to
be honest as I have seen because you can
so easily mess it up like I did mess it
up so I just want to give you a warning
but if you see like it's already
starting to coagulate um turning into a
slimey consistency becoming harder
becoming stringier uh like unlike that
previous slime some more um jiggly it uh
and it's more firm so after mixing it
properly and finally you're going to
start noticing that it's starting to
finally become more like a slime texture
so what you're going to want to do is
that just test it by picking the piece
of slime up and dropping it to see if it
just Falls firmly or is it liquidy and
then you want to put it into the freezer
for 10 to 20 minutes to finalize this
process and that's really what makes it
the Slime it is
okay so I pretty much just took it out
of the freezer and it's pretty firm okay
I did not leave it in for 20 minutes and
that's the reason I think I failed and I
added a little too much salt but I
basically started turning it and trying
to see if it was good texture and it was
because you can see it's stringy so I
popped it down onto the counter and I
was trying to pick it up but it started
liquefying in my hand so if you make
this be sure to leave it in for over 20
minutes and be sure to add do not add
too much salt okay do not follow my
example I no role model
okay hey what's up so I just kind of
like finished the tutorial so I guess I
the first line came out so much better
than the second one although like I feel
like I put too much salt like I'm a
salty person so I guess that just kind
of added on to it but we're not going to
be talking about that we're how about
the start of the show it
crumbles it when you put it together
ites
apart excuse the yelling and the Skype
noises in my home because you know what
we're a wild family so guys I hope you
enjoy that video or videos or whatever
this whole video thing okay cuz um yeah
it's kind of a lot of work filming these
videos and I don't really have like the
resources anyways I hope you enjoyed it
be sure to subscribe leave a comment
like do you want more videos like this
what what is my channel even on so be
sure to do that
bye