how to clean cat litter boxes so first
you're gonna want to take a scoop and
most scoops that you find in the store
have slots that the clean litter can
fall through this allows you to scoop up
the solid waste and sift out the clean
liver litter leaving it behind for
future use and then you want to dump
that into the garbage if you have a
clumping litter it's also very easy for
you to scoop up any of the urine that
your cats deposited because it clumps up
into a nice small lump like this again
that can go into the garbage you just
want to sift through the litter box like
that making sure to pick up any clumps
that your cat is left behind once you're
done I like to just even out the surface
for my cat leave my scoop outside here
and then I'll take some more fresh
clumping litter and I use a type of
litter that's actually made out of pine
and this clumps just like a clay litter
will but I find it has a nice natural
fresh smell cats don't tend to like
perfumes so I like to go with something
with more of a natural smell or just an
unscented litter if you're using a clay
clumping litter so again I'm going to
sprinkle some fresh litter on top makes
a nice clean surface for my cat if you
have multiple cats I would scoop your
litter box more than one time a day if
you just have one cat at least once a
day should be sufficient and that'll
just remove the waste that's in there
and you want to be cleaning the entire
box and that would be wiping it out and
cleaning it with something like an
enzyme cleaner and this will remove all
the smells things that we can't even
smell if we were to use commercial
cleaners they might leave behind a fresh
scent for us but those commercial
cleaners like any of the pine cleaners
or some of the stronger Lai Souls might
leave something behind that your cat
finds offensive and they won't want to
use the litter box in the future an
enzyme cleaner will just eat up all the
smells that were in there and leave that
nice and clean for your cat again if you
have more than one cat you want to check
it frequently using the scooper at least
once a day even if you have one cat
leaving your litter box nice and
clean for future use and cleaning the
litter box completely dumping all the
litter out and washing out the box
refilling it with clean litter at least
one sort once every week or two weeks
just to be safe