okay I'm going to make you uh guys one
the best DIY tips ever okay everybody
loves Don of course Don is the best
detergent on the planet you know when
they have uh oil spills in the water or
whatever you know they call Dawn over to
to get the oil grease and stuff off the
animals and you got a oil spill on your
freeway they call Dawn big truck loads
of dawn over and they dump it on there
and clean up the the mess is the best I
don't know how the other ones are still
in business but anyway I digress as a t
uh DIY tip we all love this uh Platinum
Dawn dish foam this stuff is so
fantastic it comes out uh like killer
foam it's just awesome stuff it makes uh
lots and lots of um foam is like they
say there's 190 pumps for each bottle
there and it's just fantastic stuff
works great anyway it's uh
$3 uh for one of these approximately
it's $6 for the refill it supposedly
fills it up three times and then it's $6
approximately for the big giant Dawn
here 56 fluid ounces uh so here you just
so expensive to refill these things up
but they're they have so much value they
make foam by these awesome uh you know
it's an awesome you know airator is
really what it is and it just makes this
stuff awesome so what we do do to save
money is take some Dawn
detergent and uh doesn't really help
matter how much you put in just put in
some into a soon as your bottle's empty
just put in some like a you know a
couple ounces whatever you can assume 56
o if you put in 2 O each time you'd have
23 uh
times is that
right3 56 56 o this will be 25 28 times
all right so 28 times you'd fill it up
so you put in some you put water see
that little line right here there's a
line right there let me see if I can see
a little better see that line you want
to fill up the water to that line so we
got it right here we take it we pour
water in just to the
line you don't want to go any more than
that line cuz that's what air rates a
thing okay so go up to the line it
actually a little less won't hurt you
so you can see it right there and you
put your uh airator back in the thing
now really for literally a couple of
cents uh you know instead of two bucks
each time so it's six bucks it fills it
up three times
supposedly and so that would be $2 a
whack here uh $6 you do it 28 times and
uh very cheap so anyway uh here you have
it and then the little difference uh
it's a little different it's it's a
little bluish the other one was Pure
White uh this one here that's the
difference in the colors not much but uh
it's a little bit differ of formula but
it's both Dawn they're all Dawn and you
want to use Dawn detergent it's just the
best but anyway it's a great DIY tip to
uh get yourself some uh good good money
uh savings
okay