I plant I receipts
iris has grown from C take more effort
than the usual tuber propagation method
but it's the only method that allows you
to create your own hybrids or color
combinations Japanese iris and Shatha
and Siberian Iris is iris sibirica which
both grow in US Department of
Agriculture plant hardiness zones 3
through 9 grow most readily from seed
but it's possible to start most high
Ursus from seed with some degree of
success if you want the seedlings to
produce true to the parents only plant
seed from non hybrid iris varieties
[Music]
things you will need
[Music]
balls sauce bleach plastic bag two inch
pot sand seedling tray or 5 inch pot
soilless potting mix cool white grow
lights 30 10 10 fertilizer step 1
fill a bowl with tap water soak the iris
seeds in the water placing a saucer on
top so the seeds stay submerged and
don't float to the top soak the seeds
for two weeks changing the water dam
initial soaking removes growth
inhibitors in the scenes making them
more likely to germinate
[Music]
step two
[Music]
clicks one part bleach with ten parts
water in a small bowl after the initial
two week water soak soak the seats in a
bleach solution for 30 minutes to kill
any mold spores that would otherwise
prevent germination rinse the bleach
solution from the seats with cool water
[Music]
step 3 place the seats in a clear
plastic bag and seal it closed to retain
the moisture on the seeds store the bag
in the refrigerator for 12 to 14 weeks
which emulates the cold weather that
forces iris germination outdoors step 4
[Music]
remove the bags and keep them at room
temperature for three days with the
exception of bearded irises iris hybrid
ah which grow in USDA zones three
through ten these require holding a 55
degrees Fahrenheit after cold treatment
Step five
Phillipa with 90 to 100 degrees
Fahrenheit water after the third day of
room temperature holding soak any seats
that have not germinated in the water
for one hour daily with the exception of
bearded iris most viable seeds will
germinate within one week of his
treatment
[Music]
step 6
[Music]
fill a two-inch pot half-full with moist
sand use a pot with a bottom drainage
hole plants sprouted iris sees half-inch
deep one per pot with a sprout above the
surface of the sand set the cups in a
warm sunny window and water often enough
that the sand stays barely moist and
doesn't dry out completely
[Music]
step 7
transplant the sprouts to a seedling
dray filled with sterile soil West
hiding mixture once they grow to a one
inch height space with sprouts three to
four inches apart in the trace other
roots have room to develop alternatively
plant each sprout in an individual four
to five inch diameter pot
[Music]
stepping
[Music]
set the seedlings under a fluorescent
cool white grow light with the light
sitting two inches above the top of the
seedlings run the light 24 hours a day
adjusting the height to maintain the
distance as the plants grow
[Music]
step 9
[Music]
water the seedlings when the soil begins
to feel dry providing just enough
moisture to dampen the soil without
making it soggy to solve one teaspoon at
a 30 10 tent fertilizer in 1 gallon of
water and water the irises with this
solution every two weeks to provide
necessary nutrients for early growth
[Music]
you
[Music]