what's up siia it's your boy Chris here
caribbeanpot.com it is Springtime here
in Canada which means Dand liion it's a
weed basically everywhere you look I was
fortunate enough this morning I went to
the farmers market and I got some red
dandelion um so this while the
ingredient itself is not something you
typically find in the Caribbean being
cooked anyways I thought i' treat as how
we would treat spinach or baji or
Jamaican Calo so here we go a dandelion
recipe vegans are they going to like
this one man survives it
up these are the the red dandelion here
beautiful bunch they're all brilliant
green got that lovely red stem going
down through the center there I like
soaking it in my sink with water and I
usually lift it
up to wash it and what happens is
because there's a lot of water in there
any sort of grit or dirt because this is
it comes from the dirt right it will
settle at the bottom so all we would do
sort of rinse it out thoroughly keep
moving it around there and then we'll
get to chopping it up many of the other
recipes you'll see online will call for
blanching the um the dandelions in
boiling
water to sort of tenderize it a bit
before cooking as well as to take off
some of that bitterness I'm just going
to trim off the sort of stocky ends here
and I'm going to get rid of that but I
don't usually like doing that to my
greens simply because you know we have a
s down in the Caribbean you can't play
mask which means you can't play Carnival
if you're afid powder so why you know
this is a greens recipe it's it's
supposed to have a bit of tartness to it
so I'm not going to blanch it and I find
that by blanching
it when you pour out all that water
after you blanched it in there for a
good four or 5 minutes or something I
would assume most of the nutrients would
be boiled out of it so I want to keep
all the nutrients all that healthy
goodness in there let the rough chub
there so I like to sort of steam sauté
it and I'm going to add a little bit of
coconut milk to bring everything
together so just go ahead and chop it up
maybe 1 in pieces or so I have about a
tablespoon just over a tablespoon of
coconut oil coming up on a medium flame
here I'm going to turn my heat down now
that it's melted and I'm going to go in
with some garlic and I have here about
four cloves of garlic which I sliced
relatively thin if you want to chop it
up you want to crush it it is totally up
to you going to move that around heat on
low and let that go for about 30 to 40
seconds so I don't want to burn that
garlic I just want to infuse the oil
with the flavors of that
garlic as the garlic softens up I'm
going to go in with two bird ey Pepper
or two bird pepper as we call it down in
the Southern Caribbean and that is
totally optional that's just for a
gentle sort of kick to it I try not to
break it because I don't want that raw
heat out of there the other thing you
can use if you don't have those and you
want a little bit of a kick is some
dried pepper flakes will also work great
I'm going to turn my heat up to about
medium now just move that oil a little
bit all over the pan there and your
kitchen should have that lovely Aroma of
frying garlic and here's where we're
going to go in right away now remember I
said I don't usually blanch my
dandelion cuz I want to keep all that
bitterness and lovely green flavor in
the
[Applause]
pot here's where I'm going to go in with
some black
pepper and if you are freshly grated do
your
thing just so happen that I don't have
any more pepper corns at the moment and
some
salt as always all the ingredients I use
here here today and the exact
measurements will be posted on
caribbeanpot.com as well as in the
description of the video down
below just want to give it a good stir
and I don't know if I mentioned this
earlier but you really want to have a
pot with a lid cuz we're going to sort
of steam sauté this to get it nice and
[Applause]
tender to help it all come together to
go nice and tender as I said I'm going
to go in with a bit of coconut milk and
that's just about 1/4 cup of coconut
milk give it another stir and that's
going to help cook this it's going to
give it a wonderful sort of sweet flavor
as well the combination of the coconut
milk as well as
the coconut oil that we started off with
you know is all kind of nice is going to
be happening here so what we're going to
do now is turn that heat
down lid on and let that go for about 5
to 10 it's been going now for about 7
minutes or
so
here's where you're going to taste it
for salt and the other personalization
you're going to do here is to either one
burn off all that liquid there
immediately as I am going to do because
this is as tender as I like it or if you
want it more tender put the lid back on
keep going out of focus there but um put
the lid back on and allow it to cook for
another four or 5 minutes I like
finishing it off and I have some graped
Tomatoes which I found in the fridge
there acidity from that adds a nice
flavor plus it's nice and colorful on
the eyes as well and I like finishing it
off with a bit of lemon
juice while I am a huge fan of all
greens and I could probably eat greens
spinach and all that stuff every day no
kidding no joke King I get a sort of an
itch in the back of my th back of my
tongue my throat area down there and
with that lemon juice helps to to
prevent that so I'm going to crank up
the heat now and burn off all that
liquid
I don't know if you guys can see
that but there we go that liquid I want
to burn all that off and bring it back
to the sort of coconut oil that we
started with if you don't have coconut
oil you can always go in with a nice
extra virgin olive
oil to start with crank up that heat and
let all that liquid burn
off crisia caribbeanpot.com that liquid
is almost gone always a pleasure to have
you guys here in the kitchen with me
veget Arians vegans you cannot go wrong
if you wanted to add a bit more of a
Caribbean Flavor to this you can always
start off with some salted cod you know
man that thing will will be just
ridiculously good my new word
ridiculously good it's going to replace
Wicked for today remember to give the
video the thumbs up leave me some
comments below and if you'd like to see
a recipe done hit me up on Twitter or
Instagram Vibes it up man