hey guys it's mayay and today we're
doing looking glass or faux Looking
Glass if you saw my fall home tour you
would have seen the two pumpkins that
Thomas and I did and so many of you
requested this I thought I would show
you how to do it so here we go the first
thing you're going to need is a glass
container of your choice something clear
you'll need a little bit of black spray
paint not a whole lot this is what I'm
using here some Windex and some paper
towels and notice this second bottle of
Windex that's actually water so you're
going to need a mist bottle of water and
silver looking glass spray paint now I
want to talk to you about the Looking
Glass this spray paint I thought it
would be really hard to find but it
wasn't I found it at my local Walmart
and I was really happy to find it cuz I
thought I'd have to search everywhere
but I didn't all right so now we're
going to get started with our container
the first thing you want to do is you
want to clean your container really well
so I'm going to take my Windex and spray
the inside of the container and then
clean it out real good the reason for
this is you don't want any fingerprints
or anything to be stuck on the sides of
the glass when you start to do the faux
Mercury technique so clean it out real
good and we'll move on to the next
step now once you have the inside
cleaned out we're ready to start the
second step and this is so easy this is
water not Windex we're through at the
Windex we're going to go to the water
set your water bottle to mist you want
to make sure it's a mist and not a
stream then inside your glass piece you
want to squirt the water so that it
misted onto the sides of the bottle you
can kind of see that happening at this
point and I do about four myths to get
started I don't go crazy with it because
you don't want the water to drip now
take your Looking Glass spray paint you
want to shake it up really well like the
bottle says and we're going to paint the
inside of this container when you paint
the inside of the container what you
want to do is you want to put a nice
even light coat of silver paint see
those drips I am not worried about them
mercury glass kind of has these veins
and drips and drops in it and it'll look
just just fine in the finished piece you
don't want to go crazy with the drips
you don't want to get too many but those
are not going to bother us at all my
first project that I did did not have
these drips like this one does I think
the container itself this time because
it was such straight up and down sides
might have had something to do with it
but I'm not worried about it so notice
how much paint I'm doing it I'm trying
to do this in real time for you guys so
you can see exactly how much paint I'm
applying and how long I'm going to let
it dry not very long you'll see in a
second what you want to do now is take
some paper towel and see how it's pulled
at the bottom there you want to take
your paper towel and start by soing up
that paint that's what we call that in
the South sing that up so you want to
start by doing that get the bottom all
picked up all the liquid out of there
and then take your paper towel and just
press it against the sides to release
the water bubbles and the silver paint
so this is going to give it that kind of
spotty look that mercury glass has you
don't want to scrub at this point you're
just wanting to press the paper towel
into the paint and this is what releases
those little water bubbles under the
paint and gives you that spotty looking
um texture of mercury glass now I don't
I didn't mind how this looked but I
decided to do a second coat I don't
think you have to do a second coat but I
decided to on this one I don't really
know why I didn't do a second coat on my
first ones on the pumpkins but I thought
you know I think I could clean this off
real good and do another coat underneath
there now I know it looks like I'm
scrubbing really hard and I am scrubbing
pretty good but not enough to release
the paint just pay attention to the
paint in your paper towel and make sure
you're not taking too much off that's
the big thing you mostly just want to
get the water from out from under the
paint so once you've done this if you
want to do a second coat you can here
I'm going to show you how it looks you
can see the inside is so pretty I love
the shimmery silver and I'm trying to
let you see the little um spot see how
the water droplets just kind of don't
let the paint stick and turn it into
mercury glass it's absolutely amazing to
me now I'm just going to do the very
same same thing again this time I'm
going to take my water bottle which
you'll barely be able to see here in a
second and I'm just going to mist inside
there again and just get another like
another layer of bubbles that'll kind of
be in a different color the trick to
this whole thing is a Mist bottle sorry
about my arm guys getting in the way but
you need a Mist bottle to get those
water droplets just right if you do a
stream you're just going to get runs and
that's not what we're looking for so be
sure you use a Mist bottle of water now
I'm taking this silver looking glass
again and going right on top of that
paint and doing it a second just a
second coat I really don't think you
have to do this I want to I want to
stress that because if you do a heavy
enough coat you don't really need to do
two I just did that first coat kind of
light now I take my paper towel again
and do exactly what we did the first
time by just pulling that paint off now
this is a project that my son and I saw
on Pinterest and when I saw those
pumpkins that I picked up from an
auction for $2 each I thought I've got
to try the faux mercury glass and I'm so
glad I did cuz I was really intimidated
by but it is super super simple if you
go to Pinterest and take a look you can
find all different kinds of ways of
doing it I think I even read somewhere
where somebody used alcohol instead of
um water to spray on there but water
worked fine for me so I didn't have to
try anything else I was real happy with
it all right so that's what that part
looks like and then I decided to try one
other thing on my pumpkins I did this
really heavy but on this little piece
I'm going to do it very light I decided
that I wanted the color to kind of Pop
even more so I took the black spray
paint that told you about which is
really an is an optional thing here I'm
still scrubbing some of that away cuz I
want to be able to see through it real
good but the black paint paint the black
spray paint is very optional if you want
to leave it just like this go right
ahead you'll be able to see through it
really well and you'll have a nice kind
of transparent mercury glass look but I
decided to take that spray paint and go
one more step the spray paint that I'm
going to use is some I actually had in
my stash it's just a black spray paint
it's a matte finish if I can remember
correctly and I'm pretty sure that it is
is and all I do is take that spray paint
which is like 99 cent spray paint shake
the bottle really well and I'm going to
mist inside this container really
lightly to get me just a nice kind of
antiqu patina inside that um glass it
just kind of makes the silver stand out
just a little bit more and you can see
that I'm just going to mist all of the
sides now once you spray this in there
you're totally done just let it sit and
dry it doesn't really need to cure or
anything it just needs to dry and then
it's ready to go now because it's spray
paint on glass be careful cuz you can
scrape it off this is what it looks like
um just in the sunlight I wanted to show
you kind of the silver in the Sun and
then I took another picture this time it
is on a background just nothing inside
of it just on a wooden background like a
photo drop so you guys could see what it
looked like in a different setting and
then lastly I put a candle inside of it
to show you what it looks like with a
candle inside cuz I thought that was
really super cool too because the glow
shows off the Mercury there you go guys
super easy I hope you try it if you do I
want to see it talk to you soon
bye-bye