hey guys so today for our video Foster
is joining us he's going to help us make
Starbucks at home so I am a new mom and
I'm tired often and I don't get a lot of
sleep so I like making coffee and I just
created my own little Starbucks at home
and so let's get started okay so for
today we are going to be making an iced
white chocolate mocha to start off
you're going to need half a cup of
coffee
I brewed my coffee in the cure egg and I
use the dark magic by Green Mountain
Coffee and then we going to need white
chocolate mocha this is by International
Delight um it's super good I don't know
if like coffee mate has one but this is
just the one that I like then you're
going to need a cup of milk if you want
to make it fat free get fat free if you
want to make it really yummy use half
and half whatever you decide we just
always buy fat free milk so that's what
I'm going to use I like to pour mine
into a little what do they called
tumbler maybe uh one of these feels like
a real
Starbucks okay guys so this is
ridiculously easy easy to make I already
put my ice in my cup I'm just going to
pour half a cup of
coffee and then a cup of
milk and then I pour in um probably
about a tablespoon I don't measure it
out but you will
see
maybe a little more maybe a little less
whatever you guys like just do it to
taste and there you go you have your
homemade Starbucks that was a lot
cheaper and a lot easier you don't even
have to leave your house and it tastes
just like it super yummy so if you guys
decide to make this at home tell me how
you like it and I will see you guys in
my next video bye