have too many old t-shirts in your
closet
remember that cat lives cozy dark
hideouts you can actually make it a
captain with your own t-shirts a medium
t-shirt a 15 by 15 inch piece of
cardboard to why your highness a duct
tape some safety pins flyers fishing and
panty hanger
I'll put squiggly ends of the hanger
while you can actually straighten it up
with a small-sized plier smoothen it
well till it's gracefully turn that will
goes on one corner between another
corner of your piece of cardboard then
take the cardboard on all sides in its
stable and density using the ducting use
the end of the hangers to do this make
sure it's at least half an inch from
each other each end lock to lock cross
the two hangers in the middle and make
sure all the ends touch the surface
you're working on tape them together
really well so that they don't shake
down push the ends through the horse we
just made in the corner then at least an
inch of the bottom of each hanger so it
sits against the bottom of the cardboard
take the ends down flat against the
platform make sure you save it one so
nice and smooth and don't snag the
t-shirt when you pull it open fit it
around with it and use pliers if you
need to straighten it out a bit so it
looks evil pull the t-shirt over the
10th frame and position it so the neck
bone is in the front middle and the
bottom of the t-shirt is trailing behind
the 10th frame fold off the excess from
the bottom of the t-shirt and tighten it
up
so the neck goal is top and safety pin
the bottom in place then fold the
sleeves type and poppy safety pin them
in place to keep it tight and fit it's
finally ready for your cat to snuggle in
place some toys occup lips eat it might
help your kitty to be comfortable and
safe getting into its new plating all
the best