[Music]
hi I'm Jeff schoemaker co-founder of
pure Integrity soy candles I'm going to
show you how to make candles in jars
scented jar candles are the most popular
candles on the market today I'm going to
show you how to make a properly burning
jar candle at home here you see a
variety of jars all that are used for
making candles candle jars come in
different sizes and different shapes
these have different size mouths as you
can see here this one has a straight
mouth where this one here has a shoulder
at home you can use almost any shaped
jar as long as it is a thick jar that is
why we recommend food grade jars now
based on the diameter of the jar it is
very important that you use the proper
size Wick and the proper type of Wick
you're going to need some kind of
adhesive on this double Wick jar you can
see how we have them evenly placed on
the bottom and they are glued down in a
single Wick candle we want to make sure
that the wick is glued down in the very
center of it here I have wax already
prepared this wax is 100% soy wax and
we've already added fragrance and dye we
are going to make sure to continue
stirring it as it cools till it's the
right temperature typically with soywax
I like to pour it below
120° at pure Integrity candles we
usually pour closer to about 110° at
this point we want to pour our
candle after pouring the candle we want
to set the Wicks straight so that they
are vertical trim your Wicks and the
candle is ready to burn as you can see
the candle is beautiful and the Wicks
are evenly spaced which will give you a
nice beautiful even
[Music]
burn