[Music]
in the fall the nighttime temperatures
are starting to get a bit cool and if
you've had your house plants out for
vacation on the deck or on the front
porch it's time to bring them back in
and you know you want to first start by
taking thinking about temperature and
light now they've probably been out
where they're warmer and they get a lot
more light and longer days so you want
to try to acclimate them back into a
house setting meaning you can either
move them in at night to your house into
the garage or even up close to the house
underneath the porch to start that
process you know our houses are a lot
darker in the winter time they're a lot
drier so you really want to do this so
that they can have that slow transition
back into your home so they're not under
a lot of shock so they don't drop a lot
of leaves and they get stressed and and
become unhealthy and then you also want
to really make sure that you check for
all kinds of insects which also includes
slugs one of the best ways to do that I
think Judy is just if you can pick up
the plant or even if you can lean it
over just lean it over take a really
hose a strong pressure and just wash off
all the possible insects you see and
even some of the eggs yeah and you might
want to get some closer inspection on
that and look for um specific insects
like mie bugs um scale and spidermite
and there's a whole host of chemicals
that you could use to kind of um take
care of those problems there's in
insecticidal soap you can even use like
a a very light um soapy solution of
dishwashing liquid and just spray it on
and then use a paper towel to kind of
wipe down all of the leaves and be sure
to check underneath the pots for Slugs
because even the small ones you can
almost miss you know another thing that
some people say is a great idea to do is
to take off the top inch of soil in that
pot because a lot of the insects and
even some of the baby slugs live in that
area but if you do that be sure to
replace the soil before you take it in
and then you want to also do a uh one of
the things I love is insecticide
granules these are great because you
don't have to spray them and they last
for 6 weeks so you sprinkle this in the
top and and it really will last for that
long of time killing any of the sucking
insects or the eggs that you might have
missed and then finally the best thing
to do is give a little leaf shine to
your plants you know they've been
outside you cleaned them down and you
can just give a little luster to it so
that you can enjoy it the rest of the
fall and winter and then also for the
protection of your furniture of your
carpet of any of your floor surfaces
make sure you use some kind of a dolly
or a and a saucer some kind of a um a
system that will keep the pot away from
that that surface because you never know
when there's going to be a little bit of
extra water underneath that pot and you
can damage the surface of your flooring
so make sure you do put some kind of
barrier in between that pot and your
floor now we found all of these great
products out at 's anderwood but for
more information on how to get your
house plants ready for the winter inside
you can go to Garden
time.tv
[Music]