welcome to the rested Garden today I'm
going to show you how to control spider
mites on your bean plants this is a pole
bean and it's well over let me just show
you how tall it is it's well over 8 ft
tall it's been doing really really well
in this container but I noticed a
yellowing pattern starting probably a
week ago and a little bit slow getting
to resolving it but when you start
seeing a pattern like this it's a
clue that you probably have have an
insect on the ERS side and what I have
here are spider mites and if I turn over
the leaf you can see little brown specks
on there now you can't really make out
what they look
like so I highly recommend you get a
magnifying glass for your garden and I
don't think you'll be able to see it in
there but the magnifying glass just
really helps you identify what might be
insects what might be a disease but I
took a picture of the spidermite that
little brown spot that you see on there
with my iPad and magnify it and that's a
spidermite that's what's on the
underside of the leaves that's
what um those little brown specks are
and there's an egg right there too I'll
put this into the video but this is what
we're going after is the spidermite now
spider mites are really resistant to
sprays so even seven spray that you
might use they're resistant to that if
you use another spray they're resistant
to that so I haven't been able to find
an insecticide that works but the
problem with spider mites is is that the
seven spray or chemical sprays or
organic sprays kill off the beetle that
actually eats them so we're going to
take care of this with water and as you
work your way up you can see little
speckling on here the spider mites see
if I can see there's brown spots all
right in there to the left of the finger
on screen right there spidermites and
they work their way up we're going to
wash all this off with water every
single leaf is going to get a jet of
water wash everything down that can help
because the spider mites are weak
they're not going to be able to climb
back up here but you're going to take
them off it will also wash off the
stronger insects that are good insects
they won't die and then we're going to
spray this with actually with NE oil
because NE oil may not kill the spider
mites it can if it's an oil that coats
it it Smothers them but it will take
care of the eggs that are on there so
this is how you take care of it in a way
that doesn't kill off all the good
insects it would naturally eat
them so you can use this process for any
plant that
has spidermites really or weak insects
and like for tomato plants for instance
and all you're going to really do is
soak the undersides of the leaves
fragile leaves be a little more
careful with how strong the jet is this
is pretty strong but just wash them all
off and work your way up and then I'll
show you how I put the spray on and I'm
actually just did a video on diet Tous
Earth and on a wet application so I'm
going to use the diet Tous Earth Wet
Spray with some neem oil and some soap
and spray the undersides of these leaves
but this is the best way to wash off the
Bad insects the good insects and then
really treat for the eggs and not
destroy the ecosystem the biggest
problem with using insecticides is they
kill off the good insects too and in the
case of spidermites the insecticides
rarely even kill the spiderm
now that I sprayed down the unders sides
of the leaves I took off all the weak
leaves and the lower leaves this makes
it harder for any mites to climb back up
if they were going to try but the
beetles or the good insects can go right
up the stems and get back to where they
want to go now remember the MIT usually
start on the bottom and they work their
way up so we sprayed all the leaves and
this is what I'm going to use on the
underside this is uh 32 oz my inverted
sprayer that you can turn upside down I
sell that on my blog or at my seed shop
and mix in here and this is new so on
new sprays and anytime you use a new
spray I highly recommend you test spray
spray a couple of leaves wait 48 hours
because what may work in my area may be
different in your area you may use
different soap different things can
happen and you don't want to spray an
entire plant and damage it so test spray
that's on you so in here one qu of water
one tablespoon of diet Tous Earth I just
used that for a video I did on De and
you can put in 1 half of a teaspoon to
one teaspoon of NE oil this is a half a
teaspoon of NE oil and just enough soap
so that when you mix up the water the
oil gets dispersed through the whole
bottle and we're going
to just spray the
undersides of the leaves coat them
nicely and do that all the way up this
is to take care
of any spidermites that may be left on
there they are really resistant to
different kinds of sprays NE oil will
take care of any eggs left on there and
we've washed off the good insects the
bad insects and I'm just going to work
my way up now you would put this NE oil
on about every 3 days for three
applications to really kind of control
an infestation or a problem I'm also
going to feed this a nice strength
nitrogen water soluble fertilizer get
some nitrogen to the leaves help them
green back up you could use a chemical
fertilizer you could use fish you could
use whatever works for you in your
garden but just remember to spray the
undersides of the leaves with this you
don't need to spray the tops we're
working on the undersides for spider
mites you can also use this for tomato
plants and other places that you see
infestations but when you do since it's
a new plant retest your sprays hope this
video was helpful please check out my
seed and garden shop at
www. theer rusted garden.com thanks for
watching