[Music]
hi I'm back in a recent video I showed
you how to do ribbon work with rolled
fondant and chocolate dough and in this
video I'm going to show you how to make
that chocolate dough chocolate dough is
my favorite modeling medium for making
things that stand up off of cookies or
cakes like bow loops and it's my
favorite because of its taste when made
with a high-grade chocolate it's
absolutely yummy it is a little bit more
heat sensitive than rolled fondant so
there's some circumstances under which I
can't use it but when I can I always
will so I'm going to show you how I how
I made the dough that made these
ribbons I love chocolate dough also not
only for the flavor but because it's
also super easy to make it's large Lely
a One Bowl process if you use your scale
and it takes 2 minutes 1 to two minutes
max to mix up once you melted the
chocolate so my basic formulation is
about 7 oz of melted chocolate I do this
in a double boiler but it's a makeshift
double boiler I just use a bowl that I
know is going to be big enough to
receive the corn syrup that i'm going to
add to this because it's two ingredients
chocolate and corn syrup and I set it
ideally so it's not touching the water
underneath and melt it gently if if you
overheat chocolate it can seize and
thicken beginners who have not a lot of
experience with chocolate sometimes
think when it seizes and thickens that
they just need to heat it more and in
fact that makes the situation worse it
makes it even more granular but this is
perfectly melted I'm going to take it
off the double boiler and I'm just
wiping the bottom so water doesn't drip
anywhere I'm going to set the water
aside we don't need that we don't want
that in the
chocolate and what I am going to do at
this
point is as I said there 7 ounces of
chocolate in here but I want to weigh my
bowl with the chocolate in it because
I'm going to be adding corn syrup to it
and I I tend to like to weigh everything
for this recipe because then I can keep
it all in one bowl I don't have to put
the corn syrup into a measuring cup and
then try to scoop it out there's usually
a lot of loss in that process plus it
makes a really messy it's a messy
proposition and it's one more item to
clean up so investing in a scale is
great also not just for this recipe but
if you're baking in general you'll get
much more precise results off of that
so I hadn't weighed my Bowl before I had
7 ounces of chocolate my bowl must weigh
about 7.8 ounces because I'm registering
14.8 ounces on my scale to this
chocolate I add either A3 a cup of corn
syrup or about 3.5 o so I need to take
this to about 18.5 to get it where I
want it one note this is a semi- sweet
chocolate about 60% cacao ratio um so
depending on the type of chocolate you
use you want to adjust the cons the
amount of corn syrup you use we'll be
doing a white chocolate variation of
this dough as soon as I finish this and
because it's got a higher cocoa butter
content I need to use less corn syrup to
bring the dough to the ultimate uh
similar kind of molding consistency if I
put in the same amount my white
chocolate dough would be really really
soft even after it had set up for a
period of time okay so I'm looking to
take this up 3 and a half
ounces then stop adding corn syrup
okay so I'm just about
there and what I'm going to do at this
stage is just stir it together and that
the mixture starts out really fluid but
as I stir it usually no longer than 1 to
two minutes this addition of the corn
syrup causes the chocolate to thicken
and become very past likee to the point
that it actually ultimately clears the
sides of the bowl if the chocolate's
really warm to start it'll take a little
bit longer for this to come together
neatly and nicely but you'll see as I'm
stirring how it's
thickening and getting a little pasty
don't expect this to be of molding
consistency right away it's going to be
very very Gloppy to start but this is
close to what I would expect to see see
at this stage I'm just going to stir it
a touch more till it just turns shiny
and cleans the side of the bowl like so
and then that's all you need to do to
make the chocolate dough
um except that you want to transfer it
out of the bowl and store it so that it
can sit um for a period of time to firm
up now to do
that I like to store it in an airtight
container wrapped in plastic just cuz I
flatten it into a disc and then it's
easier to start rolling the dough or
shaping it typically from a disc it
also tends to um solidify more uniformly
if it's p pded into a shallow disc as
opposed to masked up in a big ball at
this point it's so it's still relatively
fluid that it's not going to hold a ball
shape anyway so I'm just simply scraping
it out of the bowl and onto the plastic
wrap the one thing to watch out
for is you don't want to have too many
folds in the plastic wrap because when
the chocolate sets up it'll set up
around the plastic and sometimes it's
hard to get the plastic
out so that's done I flatten it into a
disc wrap the plastic around it like so
I might do another layer of plastic
around this mostly just to give this a
little more stability so it's easier to
move around while it's still
soft and I wrap this at this point my
chocolate had cooled down before I
started it was it was lukewarm little
this is a little bit warm to the touch
but it's it's it's certainly um cool
enough to wrap up if IID let it sit in
that bowl for a couple of minutes before
I packaged it it'd be even easier to
handle than it is now it's flopping
around a little
bit so with that done you can't use it
immediately so if you're planning to use
modeling chocolate you do need to do
this in advance typically if it's a
really cool day cool environment maybe
65 degrees in your work environment and
if you put this into a sealed container
and let it sit overnight it will set up
to a much more solid working consistency
something that can be molded and shaped
this is dough I actually made about a
week ago but even after a day if you're
if it's not too hot it will set up to
this kind of consistency believe it or
not so that's the basics of making a CH
a dark chocolate dough a semi-sweet
chocolate dough there is a Nuance as I
said to making the white chocolate dough
so I'm going to break now I'm going to
melt that chocolate and we're going to
come back and put that together and I'll
show you what I what I do differently
when we get to that point I'll be back
in a
sec hi I'm back I've got the white
chocolate
melted again starting with 7 oz to make
it easy I'm starting with 7 ounces of
melted white chocolate but as I
mentioned before because of the added
cocoa butter content or the relatively
High proportion of cocoa butter content
in white chocolate versus dark chocolate
I have to add less corn syrup to get to
the same end working consistency just as
an example here's some finished white
chocolate dough it's bendable and
pliable it's fairly rigid if I'm just
holding it in my hand this is not going
to start out that way it's going to be
kind of soupy and pasty but after a day
or two days sitting in an airtight
container wrapped in plastic it will
solidify into this working consistency
so as I said I'm going to add less corn
syrup in this case it's about a/4 of a
cup but I've got my melted chocolate
sitting on a scale so I'm just going to
weigh it in that/ quarter of a cup is
about 2.4 ounces of corn syrup so I'm
going to be watching the
scale couple more big
squeezes ought to do
it there we go okay same process I'm
going to stir it I'm going to take it
off the scale to do that though because
it's a little bit
easier and my chocolate is cool it's
kind of lukewarm it's not steaming hot
now as I stir it it's going to come
together but it's going to it's this is
a more sensitive product than the dark
chocolate dough and as I stir it it
tends typically
especially if the chocolate
is at all warm to exude more cocoa
butter and that cocoa butter if it's
left sitting on the dough it'll ooze out
and be kind of a
yellow melt it'll look like melted
butter surrounding the dough I've
stirred it enough I'm actually not
seeing too much but you'll notice that
the dough isn't as
slick and homogeneous as the dark
chocolate dough I don't know if you
noticed that there're like little holes
in it um so what I like to do
is Bring It Together by kneading it a
little bit and this also works out the
excess cocoa butter I
find as I'm kneading you'll see this
cocoa butter coming out um I find that
if I don't do this and I were just to
package that up the way I packaged up
the dark chocolate dough um it would
settle and some of the cocoa butter
would ooze out if it didn't ooze out
already and it would settle into pockets
on the interior of the dough once that
set up that cocoa butter it
recrystallizes and it recrystallizes
into something that's very very hard
that and then ultimately makes the dough
very gritty so by working out the cocoa
butter this way I get a lot of it out to
begin with the dough is now looking much
more plastic like it's not as there not
as many holes in it and that will end up
that will end up giving me a a just much
smoother end product and I'd say I
probably released about one to two
teaspoons of cocoa butter in that
kneading process if I sit this down on
the counter here and and pack package it
up immediately you'll see there's still
a lot of cocoa butter sitting around the
outside and that too will recrystallize
when I package it up so I want to blot
this dry before I do package it because
I want to again avoid any kind of
recrystallization either on the interior
or on the surface and to blot it dry I
simply use a paper towel I blot it
quickly I don't let it sit on the
surface too long because it'll stick and
then you have to You'll struggle to get
that paper towel out of the dough and
I'll flip it over clean up my work
surface and get the extra cocoa butter
off sometimes give myself a new set of
towels if those are pretty soft and Pat
the
backside as dry as I can possibly get it
sometimes as it sits it exudes more
cocoa butter so I may do
this oh two or three times before I
actually package it up flipping it over
repeatedly but I think it's looking
pretty dry so I'm going to move it on
over to the side again clean up my work
surface maybe give it one more pad on
the top and you'll notice it's pretty
solidified I started with a much cooler
white chocolate than I did dark
chocolate so my dark chocolate was
floppier at this stage because my
chocolate was cooler to start it's
almost it's almost manageable but still
too floppy to shape ribbons and roses
and such with so again I'm patting it
some
more and that's beginning to look pretty
darn good it's never going to be
completely dry at this stage but if you
get off all the big obvious pool
of cocoa butter you'll be in good shape
and again I like to flatten it into a
disc and I set it on plastic again it's
important to get any wrinkles out of the
plastic or they'll set into the
chocolate I'm going to Pat
it dry one last time you'll see I'm
trying to get most of the glisten off
the top and that looks pretty darn good
simply package it up the way I did the
dark chocolate dough maybe give it
another layer of plastic so it's was a
little bit easier to
handle and move it and then I store it
in an airtight container if I were just
to leave this
out over time wrapped in plastic the
plastic is permeable and the dough would
get hard and kind of crunchy much more
quickly than if I store it in a
tupperware container for instance so
when it goes and in about 24 hours it'll
be set up to something that's more like
this consistency and in the case of the
dark chocolate dough um it sets up even
firmer typically to something more like
this
consistency simply put the lid on top I
like to always date my container so I
know when the batch was made this will
stay fresh very very long time and
workable for a very very long time but
if you let it go months for instance it
can get really hard and unworkable and
then it's not really salvageable and you
want to move on to a new set of
chocolate
dough hey I'm back it's a day later I
told you that the chocolate dough that I
made yesterday would set up to a firm
working consistency ready to make
ribbons and Roses I don't know if you
believe me or not but I just wanted to
show you that in fact what I said was
true here's the chocolate dough very
very rigid now this is the dark
chocolate dough made with semisweet
chocolate and just to verify I can break
off a nice solid
chunk roll it into a ball and do all
sorts of other things with it same is
true of the white chocolate dough I made
here it here it is again not so floppy
anymore this is just this is actually
not even overnight it was about 12 hours
stored at room temperature maybe 65°
Fahrenheit maybe a little bit warmer in
an airtight container wrapped in plastic
for that period of time the white
chocolate dough will always be a little
bit softer than the semi- sweet
chocolate dough don't let that alarm you
and it will also melt more quickly In
the Heat of your hands and that's
because of the higher cocoa butter
content so with this dough you have to
be a little bit more careful in terms of
how much you handle it you might need to
let it sit a little bit longer to set up
than the dark chocolate dough too but as
you can see this one is forming nice
round balls that hold their shape even
12 hours later um please join me in my
next video where I'll be talking about
how to shape this dough into ribbons and
all sorts of other edible treats that
are perfect for cookie and cake
decorating live
[Music]
sweetly
[Music]