so let's now let's get into faster of
course we have our bathroom fixtures we
all have those ugly fixtures that are in
our bathrooms they're dated you don't
want to change them out you're saying oh
it's too expensive well look up look
about doing a black paint right now
black paint is so hot that really is a
hot Trend right now yeah and and it's
flat black and gloss so we have both
it's going to look the same because the
paint's not drying but if you want a
flat look buy a flat paint if you want a
gloss look buy a high gloss so Curtis
why don't you start let's start using
our foam I like using a foam a brush you
will get those brush Strokes so that's
why I go with with the foam now ra while
these guys are getting started uh a
couple of um a couple of tips here
number one we've pre-s scratched this
we've got some sandpaper here you want
to you want to scratch up your faucet
before you go ahead and apply paint to
it that's going to allow the paint to
adhere without it it's going to chip off
really quickly over like nail polish
guys right well I I know a lot about
that you polish your nails often don't
you just the
toes uh so after that we're uh once once
the paint is on the other tip is if you
don't want to remove the faucet you can
go ahead and leave this in place but
you're going to want to take your blue
painters tape and tape off all the way
around the base and around any
backsplash tile you have and that'll
allow you your so you just leave it
literally in place while you're P that's
good tip i' never get it off that's the
hard part Plumbing is scary you screw
that up you're you're flood your house
out and you're not going to have half
you you're not going to be happy with it
last tip this is going to take a couple
coats so once you put on the first coat
I would say you're going probably about
three coats till it fully aderes Cur
Curtis is Curtis you're going
[Applause]
[Music]
now