Why not start your morning off with a
punch of energy full of antioxidants and
vitamins and make it delicious at the
same time let's make an easy green
[Music]
smoothie if you've tried to make an easy
green smoothie before chances are you
might have come across a couple problems
first of all a smoothie needs to be
smooth and pourable not thick like a
milkshake secondly sometimes if you add
too many ingredients you muddy the
flavors and you can't tell exactly what
your smoothie tastes like so it's easy
to actually start from a ratio for two
people you're going to use 2 cups of
liquid 2 cups of bitter dark greens and
three cups of fruit so we're going to
start with the liquid now today I'm
using coconut water but there are lots
of variables and you can really make
this smoothie your own try adding almond
milk or coconut milk or even just plain
water now I'm going to add the leafy
greens now today I'm using kale curly
Leaf kale but there's a a lot of
different greens you can use you could
use Char spinach anything that's that
deep green color that's where you're
getting a lot of great vitamins now with
that leafy kale I'm going to actually
take the stem off of the leaves first
just by running that leaf down and
leaving the stem in my other
hand now remember you want about two
cups of these leafy greens and I just
give it a best guess in my hand there
push that right down into the
blade and there we have I think about
two cups of leafy greens
now we're going to add to that three
cups of fruit so I'm going to add some
pineapple I like pineapple because it's
nice and sweet and gives that smoothie a
really nice bright fresh sweetness and
I'm going to add today a pear but you
could add a mango strawberries
blueberries are going to make that green
smoothie more of a brown smoothie so
keep that in mind but they're super
tasty so if you have a really good
blender you don't even need to worry
about peeling or seeding your fruit
that's all great nutrition in there
we're just going to cut it up into
chunks and then I'm going to add this
pear right to the blender pushing
everything down a little bit just so it
gets in contact with that blade it's
going to make it faster when we turn the
blender on now I want a little bit of
Zing I want a little bit of something
special to make this smoothy really
bright and fresh so I'm going to use
some ginger root fresh ginger root
really easy to get a little goes a long
way so don't add too much but just a
little slice of this should be plenty
for this smoothie you could also add
things like almond butter peanut butter
a little bit of fresh mint leaves in
here makes it really tasty and then if
you want to add some super foods to this
to really give yourself a boost of
energy go ahead and do that things like
asai powder or chia seeds or matcha
powder all of those things can go in
here at the last minute so we're going
to add about 1 to 2 tablespoons of chia
seed here to this smoothie then we're
going to put that lid on and we're going
to blend it into that beautiful
delicious not thick like a milkshake but
smooth like a smoothie smoothie
[Music]
so I usually let that blender go for at
least a minute just to make sure that
everything is super pureed and smooth
and now I'm going to take that off and
pour out a delicious super nutritious
breakfast smoothie for me now if there's
only one of you for breakfast you can
save this in the fridge for tomorrow
just make sure that you blend it up
again before you go ahead and serve it
cheers thanks for watching if you'd like
to see more of the Basics click over
here if you'd like to see everything I
use in this recipe click over here and
if you have any questions comments or
suggestions for more Basics put them in
the comment section below