hey everybody it's Jamie and so I know a
lot of you have requested another baking
DIY so let's do it I live in Washington
state now where the term Washington
Apple comes from so I figure since I
have like a bajillion of them at my
service we should dive into something
like that so today get ready as I show
you how to make your own apple crumble
ala mode Let's Do It
[Music]
Girl
okay so for today's DIY I'm going to
show you how to make some apple crumble
as well as some delicious homemade ice
cream for the crumble you'll need a deep
baking dish a mixing bowl a peeler and
slicing tool four apples any kind 3/4
cup flour 1/ a cup sugar a teaspoon of
cinnamon a pinch of salt and 1/ a cup of
butter AKA one sticks worth you'll want
to set this out ahead of time so it can
start softening up for when you're ready
to bake now for your homemade ice cream
you're going to need one tblspoon of
sugar a half a teaspoon vanilla 6
tablespoons of salt four cups of ice AKA
one tray worth a towel and a small and
large sealable bag you'll also need a
half a cup of milk cream half and half
or whatever milky product you've got in
your fridge the creamier it is the
creamier your ice cream is going to be
all right Let's Take a Tumble into the
apple crumble fumble Mumble bumble
bumble all right step one the first step
is to create your Apple layer which will
serve as your crumbles filling peel each
one of your apples completely complely
then use your slicing tool to remove
each Apple's core finally dice your
apples into tiny Cube pieces place your
apples into your deep baking dish press
them down evenly across the pan as flat
as you can on top so that the crumble
doesn't sneak into any gaps later step
two the next step is to create your
crumble layer otherwise known as your
crumble crust combine your flour sugar
cinnamon and pinch of salt mix them
together then add in your stick of
butter now you can whip this all up by
hand over the course of several minutes
or if you've got a mixing tool like me
place it on its lowest setting to whip
the butter into the mixture either way
when finished your crumble should look
like clumps of packed sand once it's
completely mixed place your crumble over
your Apple layer make sure it spreads
out completely covering the top of all
your apples another optional step here
is to add a little sprinkle of something
over the top of your crumble for
additional taste I'm going with a/ quar
cup of rolled oats I recommend anything
that's a little crispy or crunchy like
walnuts or almonds in order to add a
little bit more texture to your dish
sprinkle on a light layer of topping any
which way you like step four all that's
left to do is bake your crumble with
your oven set at 350Â° F place your
baking dish into the center of the oven
Let It Bake 35 minutes or until the top
becomes golden brown now the amount of
time it takes for your crumble to bake
is the perfect amount of time for you to
go grab your ice cream whoa no like
where you guys going not to the grocery
store you can just make your ice cream
you guys it's like way less expensive
and just as delicious all right ice
cream step
one ice cream step one ice cream step
one step step one the first step is to
create your ice cream mixture I'm just
kidding the first step is to create your
ice cream mixture in your small bag pour
in your milk or cream then add your
sugar followed by your vanilla when
finished press out all the air from your
bag and seal it firmly step two the next
step is to create what I like to call
the ice box in your large bag toss in
your four cups of ice and here's the
magic ingredient for making your ice
cream toss 6 tablespoons of salt into
the bag as well the bigger the salt
crystals like kosher salt or sea salt
the better this will work if you wanted
to get all technical whiz kit about it
salt lowers the freezing temperature of
water which means that your bag will
actually be colder than if it were just
filled with ice alone so that way you
actually get cream to be iced cream and
who said science couldn't be delicious
step three all that's left to do is to
shake your ingredients place your sealed
small bag inside your large bag again
press out all the air from your large
bag and seal it firmly holding your bag
with a towel so your hands don't breeze
shake shake shake that bag for about 5
to 8 minutes man who needs dumbbells
when you've got ice cream bags better
biceps and a cold treat you can have it
all if you wanted to flavor your ice
cream go ahead and add your ingredients
during the course of shaking your bag
I'm going to go ahead and add in caramel
sauce cuz I think it goes really well
with apples but you could do do anything
from like mint extract to chocolate
fudge when time's up your ice cream is
up and ready to serve once your crumble
has cooled top it off with your ice
cream and enjoy also just to note that
when you make this type of ice cream you
want to eat it the day that you make it
if you freeze it again it's like
freezing frozen yogurt it's just going
to crystallize and Harden and not really
return to the same texture as you've got
now now that you know my recipe go ahead
and make your own you could add in any
fruit to your crumble from blackberries
to strawberries and like I mentioned
earlier you can flavor your ice cream
any which way you want um excuse me have
you heard of the Moon well I'm over it
because this ice cream crumble is out of
this
world and if you don't believe me you
can go to Uranus boom how did your apple
crumble turn out tweet me at Jamie
Patito Instagram me at hey Jamie or just
let me know on my fan page on Facebook
if you loved making apple treats click
the video on your left to make your own
homemade apple cider and if you're all
about baking your treats click the video
on your right to make your own
strawberry filed cupcakes we did it girl
I'm Jamie and you're on
girl.com over the moon
[Music]
yes