[Music]
hi I'm Lauren Lyster guru and today I'm
going to be showing you how to cut and
polish stones at home and today I will
be using angel light as an example um
the fairly softer stone lower do not
forget you safety glasses
number one issue and you should also
wear leather gloves however I do not
have mine with me today sorry mom
then put my sunglasses on I'm going to
use a dremel with a diamond tip I'm
using the diamond tip because I work
with stones as hard is a hardness level
of 9 like sapphires and about the only
thing strong enough to cut and grind and
stand on those is a diamond tip if
you're working with softer stones you
can get a softer tip however I'm to be
on the safe side I would just go with
diamond anyway to be sure that the
abrasive on the tip will not get woof
because the stone is harder than the
material used on the tip so if you go
with the diamond tip you eliminate that
possibility and you can work with just
about any stone alright I'm going to
lower this so you can see the stone I'm
working on and I am using angel light is
an example today this is one that I've
been working on a bit trying to get a
shape on it and what I'm going to do is
uh each side I'm going to flatten out
and then the edges where it would be
sharp I will put a small flattened out
section on that - it's called faceting
I'm sure you'll recognize that some
stones that you buy in the store and of
course the tips the tips can be kind of
sharp so you would faucet those also
which means just to flatten it a little
bit make a small flat edge and you're
going to do that all around the shape
of the seven that you're working with
I'm going to use no circle merchants
this will prevent any lines from the
blinder font going in the same direction
for too long but then I will offer you
some straight up and down just make sure
I have a nice smooth flat surface the
court not forget it is forgetting see
prophesy edges
did a good grip on this tone you don't
want the client do to get a hold of it
and snip it up into your eye all right
Ethan
if you did
now that is how you cut a stone into
shape okay and polishing the stone you
would use that a high quality metal
polish that says on it that also repairs
scratches in glass or a glass scratch
repair cleaner I do not have either with
me today so I'm just simply going to use
glass cleaner to kind of clean away the
dust from the grinding and even without
the actual polish you'll be able to see
how nicely this gem is coming along I'll
do a kind of a a pyramid diamond cut our
jig italic I triangle like niches close
for this meal and this is my angel light
gem first we cut into shapes and I will
polish it up to a nice shine later and
you will want to check the hardness of
each stone that you're working with here
some stones can be very brittle and
break if you get too rough while you're
trying to cut and polish them this was
actually a fairly soft Jam to work with
but I think I got a very pretty Jam out
of it in the end can't wait to see what
it looks like after it's all polished up
and this is only the second stone that
I've worked with I was practicing on a
sapphire last night because I just got
my Dremel Christmas present from my
parents thank you mom thank you now and
if anybody has any tips on cutting and
polishing stones at home please leave
them in comments everybody have a great
day
[Music]