right bet himself
so here we are I baked a few cupcakes to
get ready for Jacob seventeenth birthday
and Melissa 16th birthday party
the kids have planned a party down at
the beach because it's the middle of
summer here and it's a great place to
have a gathering so I told them I would
bring cake so I am going to make a
cupcake cake a pull-apart cake and Jacob
has drawn out the design for me which i
think is super duper cool and I am going
to try to do my best to get that design
on top of this cake should be fine I got
to let these cool I get to ice them
tomorrow night so I will be sure to get
that for you oh hi welcome back today I
get to decorate my son 17th birthday
cake I'm very excited so I'm going to
show you really quickly I'm going to
turn these cupcakes into a cake with
this beautifully drawn design on it
after you drew this from the video game
that we all play called world of
warcraft and we're sharing a birthday
with his friend at this beach party so
it's going to be pretty cool double
birthday cake I'll be rolling okay so
I'm going to be running through this
really really quickly it is so warm here
my icing has been playing a mess with me
all afternoon and so if there's anything
that you would like me to see are so if
there's anything that you would like to
see me do I'd slow it down a little bit
or whatever I would love to do another
video for you to show you specifically
how I do that specific thing you want to
know more about all right so I'm going
to get this a little bit more set up be
right back
all right so first thing you're going to
want to do is to check out your frame
what how much space you have on your
cake board how many cupcakes lengthwise
and how many cupcakes across so when
you're getting ready to put this
together to flat ice it it's a little
bit more centered okay so here's how my
cupcake configuration goes how many
cupcakes I stuck on this cake board I'm
going to take them off put a flat ice of
icing on there just to help hold them on
and then flat ice the top of them
and do a design on top here we go
so we have the cake board how I'm going
to secure these cupcakes so I have a
little bit of icing just smear it on you
kind of press it in grates a sticky spot
on the board for the cupcakes to adhere
to some people put a little dab on the
bottom of each cupcake I just do it like
this because it's quicker you don't have
to coat every single little bit which is
why we place the cupcakes out to begin
with and then you just start setting
your cupcakes on there
place them on quite close to Muskego
quite close together
I'm standing back doot-doot-doot to do
and you just keep doing this for the
whole cake board you can make your
shapes draw out a shape on paper first
and kind of get an idea where you want
to put your cupcakes just that would be
a fun video to do find a little spot you
haven't just kind of smear it around its
icing it smears
you want these kind of to be shoved inks
you're gonna put icing over top of them
do fill in the gaps keeping in mind the
edge of your packaging and there we go
the cupcakes are all shut down the cake
board and ready to be flat iced so you
want to feel around your cupcakes and
make sure they're secure the edges are
very important for holding this together
and I did notice I had a loose one here
so I will take a little dab of the icing
and stick it on the bottom and then just
plonk that right in place edges very
important that it's secure there we go
all right I think I'm ready to get out
the piping bag so I'm just gonna flat
ice and I don't have a large tip to do
this list so I just cut a piping bag and
I'm just gonna do little swirls on top
on each cupcake really quick fill in the
gaps a little bit flatten it all out and
then start on the design there you go
they just squeeze in and doing a circle
around this trying to make sure you get
all the way to the edges you want to
make sure your cupcakes are really
squished in okay and I'll show you what
it looks like after we get this all done
it's almost done here a couple more I
think doing this uses up a lot more
icing than just regular icing a cake
all right going to be a few little gaps
here kind of suspending the icing over
the holes it'll work out
last good squishing there
how is keep a wet cloth handy
okay so I'm just going to take my flat
spatula a little nut lock off
oh it's gonna run it back and forth to
smooth that icing out
like I said you just kind of want to
stretch it out and suspend it and those
little holes from one cupcake to the
other
find yourself a little air pockets you
shove a little icing in there it'll
catch all right you turntable is just
going crazy
yeah very Airy icing I am going to put a
little design on top so I'm not too
worried about it being absolutely
perfect
I stone floor thank you however if you
do want a perfect glassy icing can bring
your palette knife under some hot water
listen to the airplane flyby give you
take a little spin around da da da da
alright seriously inside fly for
Doolittle okay here we go
so if you do want to get an absolute
glossy finish on your cake you can run
your palette knife under hot water to
get that look I like using a larger
palette knife because then it's just you
swipe it a couple of times you don't
have a whole bunch of lines in there and
it's like glass but like I said we're
putting a design on top of this so I'm
not too worried about it and I don't
want it to melt too badly either alright
so basically and you Metron table this
top spinning there we go
so basically now I want to figure out
how big I want to make my shape of the
design and then I'm going to take a
little toothpick and just kind of
outline the design before I lay any
icing down on here so I don't have to
lift it up if I make a mistake
always scribe it in with something you
know use the tip of a rose nail use a
toothpick use a skewer use whatever it's
just got a little tiny point you can
make a little mark in your icing that
only you can see and that's a really
good way to get a guideline
you