hey guys and welcome back to crouton
crackerjacks today I'm going to show you
how to make one of the most comforting
of all comfort food recipes of all time
chicken pot pie this recipe is so
delicious takes a little bit of time to
make but nothing is complicated at all
it's super easy to make it uses leftover
chicken some vegetables and it's all in
a preemie chicken gravy stuffed in a
flaky pie crust baked until it's nice
and golden brown it is the true
definition of pure comfort food so
without further ado let's get started
now like I said this recipe uses
leftover chicken so I've got half a
chicken here that is leftover from the
night before dinner it's just a
spatchcocked roasted seasoned chicken
and I'm gonna break this down into
pieces take the skin off and I'm going
to chunk up the meat now if you don't
have a leftover chicken no worries you
can use a split chicken breast and a
chicken quarter if you just want all
white meat you can use two breasts
that's perfectly fine if you prefer dark
meat just use a couple of thighs and
drumsticks
you can either roast those up you could
braise them you could boil them if you
have a rotisserie chicken you could use
one of those that's perfectly fine but
you want to cook your chicken however
you prefer to cook your chicken and then
you want to chunk it or shred it into
pieces all in all it's about a pound
pound and a half of chicken there's no
real exact precise measurement here now
once you get all your chicken shredded
you will have a nice a sizable pile of
shredded chicken if you're doing this
off the bone you'll have some skin and
bones left over you can discard those if
you'd like to or since we will be using
chicken broth for the gravy for this you
can put it into a pan with a few cups of
water and boil that for about an hour
have a nice homemade broth that you can
you then use in the gravy but I'm not
gonna worry about that I'm gonna use
canned broth so yeah
set the chicken off to the side until we
need it later now we're also going to
need a potato for our chicken pot pie I
like pot pies with potato in it some
people may not so if you don't like
potato in your pot pie you can leave
this out this is just a medium baking
potato it is a russet potato you could
use whatever kind of potato you like I'm
just cutting this into about half-inch
size pea
and potatoes are great in potpie because
it acts as a filler I just kind of bulks
up the pie makes a little bit more
hearty and kind of stretches the filling
if you will now once you get your potato
cut up you can go ahead and add that to
a pan and you want to add just enough
cold water to cover your potatoes now
you wanna bring this up to a boil I have
been doing this in the pan that I'm
gonna make the filling in anyway so this
may seem like you know a rather large
pot to be doing this in but it's just
for convenience sake so I don't dirty
another pan now once that water comes up
to a boil you want to boil your potatoes
for about five minutes or so just until
they are fork tender you don't you're
not gonna be mashing these potatoes so
you know you want them to remain whole
in your pot pie so don't cook them any
longer than you have to I found for the
size that I cut my potatoes into five
minutes works to be perfect but once
your five minutes is up you want to
drain your potatoes and again put them
into a bowl and set them off to the side
until you need them for later now to
make up the gravy I'm using the same pot
that I used for my potatoes and I'm
going to melt in a stick of butter now
this is over medium-high heat and I'm
gonna melt down this butter or start
melting it down and I'm using a full
stick here you can get by with half a
stick if you want to your gravy won't be
as thick and as creamy so your pot pie
will be a little bit runny when you
don't use as much butter but you can cut
the butter and a half that's perfectly
fine and to that I'm going to add in
half of a medium-sized yellow onion that
I have chopped up and I'm gonna cook
this onion over medium high heat let
that butter melt just until that onion
is translucent you don't want to Brown
your butter if your butter starts
browning turn the heat down you have the
heat way too high you just want to saute
your onions here let them get nice and
soft and cook off that bite to them once
they get translucent you want to add an
half a cup of all-purpose flour and you
want to mix this well you are creating a
roux here as they call it this is what's
gonna thicken our gravy so I've still
got the heat over medium-high and I'm
stirring this well you want to cook this
roof for about 30 seconds or so just to
cook off the raw flavor of the flower
and then you want to slowly start adding
in
two cups of chicken broth now like I
said before you can make your own
homemade broth with the bones leftover
from the chicken I'm just using a can of
chicken broth for convenience sake but
you want to slowly add in this two cups
or one can of chicken broth as you are
constantly stirring you need to
constantly stir this and add the chicken
broth slow so you don't get lumps in
your gravy when you get that mixed in
you want to add in one cup of whole milk
I like using whole milk you know use
whatever kind of milk that you have and
again slowly start storing this in now
while you're waiting for the gravy to
come up to a boil you can go ahead and
season it I'm going to use one teaspoon
of seasoned salt the recipe for that
will be in the description below quarter
teaspoon of black pepper 1/4 teaspoon of
garlic powder and half a teaspoon of
dried thyme leaf and I'm just going to
stir that in and you want to cook your
gravy just until it comes to a boil once
it comes to a boil your gravy is gonna
be as thick as it's gonna get so there's
no purpose in you know continuing to
cook it so once it comes up to a boil
you can go ahead and shut the heat off
and now we can add in the rest of our
ingredients which is the shredded
chicken as well as the potato that we
cooked up earlier and I'm also going to
add in one and a half cups of frozen
peas and carrots now these peas and
carrots don't have to be cooked
you know just stirring them into the hot
gravy is enough to cook them and I'm
gonna slowly start stirring this
together now you want to be careful here
so you don't end up making mashed
potatoes with your potatoes if by chance
you happen to cook them a little too
long so just gently fold this mixture
together until everything is coated with
that delicious and gravy and that's all
there is to making the filling it's
super simple if you don't want to go the
whole route of making a potpie and using
you know putting this - nope I shall put
this into a casserole dish and cover it
with one of those cardboard cans of
biscuits and make pot pie that way but
I'm gonna go all the way and actually
make it pie crust for this now for the
pie crust
I made a double recipe of my pie crust I
have a separate video that shows how I
make that I will link to that down below
in the description box I'm just gonna
sprinkle some bench flour out onto my
countertop and since this is a double
recipe since we're doing both a top and
I'm crossed I'm gonna divide this into
two one side one portion a little bit
larger than the other the small piece
I'm just gonna roll into a ball and set
that off to the side that will
eventually become our top crust this
larger portion we want to roll that out
until it fits into the cake pan that
we're going to use to make this chicken
pot pie you want to flour your rolling
pin as well and start rolling out your
pie crust now while I'm rolling this out
I'm going to go ahead and talk about the
pie dish that I'm using here is actually
a 9 inch cake plate or a cake pan if you
will if you use a traditional 9 inch pie
plate for this you're gonna have to
divide the filling between two because
this makes so much filling which means
that then you will have to make four of
my graphs for this so use a 9-inch cake
plate for this pot pie you just want to
roll your dough out until it's about two
inches larger all the way around then
the pan that you were using for this you
want to transfer your dough into your
pie plate and you want to get this
centered and you want to get your dough
down into the corners of your pie plate
or pie pan take pan that you're using
make sure that you don't have any air
bubbles underneath your dough that can
cause problems later on when you go to
bake this so make sure that your dough
is in all the corners and you have a
nice overlap all around the edges here
then you want to transfer your pop pie
filling into your cake plate just get it
all in there and then mash it down until
it's nice and even on top try not to get
it on the pie crust edges because that
will prevent a good seal from happening
and that's a chance for the gravy to
weep out as you bake this and then we
can roll out the top crust again just
roll it out an encounter making sure
that your rolling pin and counter are
well floured so it doesn't stick and
once it's about as big as the actual
surface the top of your pie plate you
can just go ahead and transfer it and
now we can seal up the edges now to seal
this to make sure that none of our
filling leaks out basically what you're
going to want to do is take your bottom
crust edge and roll it up and over the
top crust edge you just want to encase
that top crust in the bottom crust and
then you want to kind of press down and
make like a
around the inside of the pie so if this
does happen to you know start leaking it
will actually keep itself contained in
that little rim that you're creating
there now before you bake this you want
to give it a nice egg wash egg wash is
just one egg as well as a teaspoon of
water that's been whisked together in a
small bowl and then using a pastry brush
I'm just gonna brush this egg mixture
right over the top this is gonna make
sure that our pot pie is nice and golden
brown on top it also kind of seals the
crust around the top also so you know
again the filling doesn't weep out and
during the baking process before we bake
this you want to cut some vent holes
just using a little paring knife just
cut four holes in the top and make sure
that those are spread open so as this
bakes they don't seal themselves shine
this is for the steam to escape as this
bakes then you want to bake this in a
preheated 375 degree oven for between 45
and 60 minutes gonna have to depend on
your oven how long you bake this you
want to bake it until it is nicely
golden brown and then you want to take
this out of the oven and let it rest for
about 10 minutes before you cut into it
and then you can serve it up and there
you go that's how you make the most
comforting of all comfort food recipes
homemade chicken pot pie I hope you guys
give this recipe a try
if you do let me know how you like it
down in the comments down below and if
you like this video be sure to give a
thumbs up I would greatly appreciate it
subscribe for more deliciousness and to
keep up to date on all my latest videos
I'm also now on Instagram officially you
can find a link to that in the
description box below so follow me there
thanks so much for watching and we will
see you next time
[Music]