hi I'm Randy golden from medical
Technologies of Georgia and I'm here
today to introduce everybody to our new
MTG hydrophilic coated intermittent
catheters so let's take a look at what's
inside each package we have the catheter
the blue no touch sleeve and the water
saet all packaged in a neat and
completely sterile sleeve upon flipping
the package over you want to verify
French size length and tip style are as
prescribed by your doctor MTG
hydrophilic C cets are offered in French
sizes 8 through 16 we also offer male
and female length straight or coua tip
and for users with sensation we offer a
new soft vinyl catheter that's much more
comfortable to use so let's look at each
of the individual catheters we offer
first of all the Pediatric style are 10
in long with the appropriate colorcoded
funnel this one happens to be an eight
uh because again it is an international
color coating the Pediatric products do
come with a no touch sleeve
for ladies we have the female length
catheter which doesn't have the sleeve
and the reason being that we uh felt
like there wasn't enough room on the
catheter to be able to hold the catheter
and the sleeve and we thought the sleeve
might just get in the way so we offer
this one without the sleeve but again as
you watch the female video you see how
how easy this catheter is to
insert for male users we have a couple
different options the 16-in long male
catheter does come with the Blue Note
touch sleeve this is our firm
option we also make that exact same
catheter in a softer variety so if you
have any uh sensation as you catheterize
you may wish to try the soft variety as
it is going to be more comfortable to
insert again with the blue no touch
sleeve and then finally we offer the
coua variety this happens to be a 16
again the orange tip and you see here
that the end of the catheter has a
little bend on it
and that is designed to get the catheter
past any strictures along the way or an
enlarged
prostate all of our catheters whether it
be coua pediatric Etc all have rounded
fire polished eyelets so they're going
to be less traumatic as the catheter
passes through the urethra less
irritating and all of our catheters are
deep free there isn't any of the DP
carcinogen in any of our catheters so
now let's talk about the correct use of
MTG hydrophilic coated catheters in
order to use the catheter what we're
going to do is we're going to bend at
the top where the water sachche is
located and burst it
open and then you're going to unfold the
package and SLO the package back and
forth five or six times to make sure
that the entire surface of the catheter
is
coated and then we're going to wait 30
seconds for the coating to
activate while we're waiting 30 seconds
for the catheter to hydrate a little tip
here is to remove the
blue wrapper and use the
sticky to adhere the catheter nearby
where you're actually going to do the
catheterization procedure hygiene is
very important when you catheterize
always remember to wash your hands and
your genitalia prior to catheterization
and
afterwards all right so to catheterize
with the MTG hydrophilic
catheter pull it out of the pouch using
the blue no touch sleeve patients with
enlarged prostate may be asked by their
physician to use what's known as a coua
tip catheter which has a little bend on
the end as we shown earlier in our in
our preliminary video uh this particular
catheter has a line on the funnel and
it's very important that if you're using
a coupa type catheter that during the
entire procedure you actually can see
that line as you insert the catheter
this line indicates that the tip of the
couet the curv tip catheter is facing
upward so when the catheter reaches the
prostate it's more likely to go in okay
we're going to just draw the blue no
touch sleeve forward down the shaft of
the catheter and I'm going to reach back
now again right handed you can see the
curve here I'm going to insert the curve
of the catheter in get things started
I'm going to take my left hand now and
go back and grasp the funnel scoot back
about 3 in and I'm going to start
inserting the catheter the orange funnel
by the way indicates this is a 16 French
catheter where you have international
color coated French sizing and once the
catheter reaches the bladder you're
going to want to direct the fluid down
into the toilet you notice here that I
always throughout the entire process
kept that line facing upward and once
urine flow is complete again I'm going
to pull the catheter out about a half in
see if I have additional fluid when I'm
completely empty I'm going to pull the
catheter out as I did
before and use the
tissue to catch the eyes of the catheter
so there's no spilling please remember
that used catheters can be a potential
biohazard please dispose of these using
accepted medical practice thank you for
watching our video today if you'd like
samples please go to our website Medtech
ga.com where you can get samples of our
uncoded catheters our hydrophilic
catheters and if you're having issues
with the current urinary tract
infections you can request samples of
our closed system intermittent catheters
which are designed to reduce the risk of
UTI