[Music]
hey guys if you've been following my
social media or anything you might know
that I've just shifted houses and
whenever I shift house I like to make a
big batch of homemade musley or granola
um and that's because it just sets me up
for breakfast for like a month which is
awesome and homemade musley is full of
different nutrients and vitam
and protein and fiber and all these good
things that mean that when you have that
in your breakfast you don't have to
worry about it for the rest of the day
so it's really great to pack your
breakfast full of all the goodies um and
just not have to worry about it so this
musle that I'm making is actually
apricot musley and I love itot and
they're in season at the moment so it's
a great way to be able to use fruit that
are in season because they're a lot
cheaper um but wherever you are whatever
fruits are in season you can just puree
that up and use that inste um and the
great thing about homemade musy that I
will Rave about you and it's kind of
similar with homemade granola bars or
musi bars as well is that bought ones
are just so full of sugar it's actually
absurd I can't understand why they need
to put so much sugar in there if you've
watched the documentary Fed Up you will
see kind of some of the reasonings
behind it and it's pretty disturbing um
so making it yourself is a great way to
be able to avoid those extra sugars put
in all the good things that you want and
make it to your own personal taste as
well so to make this m i firstly start
off by separating the dry and wheat
ingredients so I put put all the wet
ingredients together into a saucepan
starting with 1 tbsp of agave or Honey 2
tbsp of brown sugar 3/4 of a cup of
pureed fruit of your choice so I just
chose apricots and this was about 3 or
four apricots pureed 1 tablespoon of
coconut oil so I put those into a sauce
pan and put them on low heat until they
just came to a boil and I allowed them
to boil for a couple of minutes until
they kind of formed a nice sauce then
you add the dry ingredients and with
this you can choose which ones you want
to add in now and which ones you want to
add in after so I add about half my nuts
and season things in to this mixture and
then I add the other half of them after
I've taken it out of the oven so first
there I want to add 2 and 1/2 cups of
rolled oats into my Whi mixture 1 cup of
rough shreded coconut you can always
save some of this to put in after as
well 2 cups of nuts and seeds so this is
where I save half for after I use
sunflower seeds which are really great
the high in vitamin E pumpkin seeds
sesame seeds almonds you can chop them
or leave them whole and then I add one
cup of dried fruit so as I said you can
leave half until after or all into after
if you want to it's nice to have some of
it clumped in there with the rest of the
stuff though um so I added go berries
and chopped dates half a cup of flex
meal and this is a really great way to
get those essential fatty acids 1 to 1
and 1/2 teaspoons of cinnamon you can
also add a little bit of salt and a
little bit of nutmeg if you want to so
mix that all up thoroughly then you want
to get some grease proof paper and line
a baking tray and pull your mus out onto
the baking tray and spread it out a nice
thin layer and then you can put it into
a preheated oven on 375 F or 180Â° C for
around 20 minutes and then take it out
and kind of Stir It bring those edges in
and the center out so it all gets nice
and evenly distributed and then you want
to put it in for another 20 minutes and
then once you take it out leave it to
cool down and it should crisp up nicely
and then you can add in your remaining
nuts and seeds and dried fruit if you
hadn't put them all in on the first lot
so once it's cooled down fully you can
put it into a storage jar or container
this was not whole full batch of it this
was most of it um but it makes quite a
big batch it should last 3 or 4 weeks
depending on how you eat it but I
probably have about half a cup with some
fresh fruit and some yogurt or coconut
milk or soy milk in the morning it's
just delicious um you can also change it
up depending on if you have any
nutritional requirements you could add
wheat gerum or Bran or something like
that if you need more fiber there's so
many different things you can do to it
you could add Dolomite if you need
calcium um but it's a really easy thing
to mix up and make to your own personal
taste so if you guys try this out I
would love to hear how it goes or if you
try different flavorings and it turns
out delicious I would love to hear about
that too um all my details social media
any extra information is in the
description box below hope you guys
enjoyed this and I hope you guys have a
wonderful
[Music]
day