and it's really important to check your
pH in your soil because daylilies liked
it a little bit more on the acidic side
than it on the basic side take you
around and show you how I check the pH
because some of the areas around I have
really some hard pH issues I'll also do
a test for the nitrogen and phosphorus
levels as well but that's another video
I brought in a whole bunch of just
wonderful soil here on the property I
brought all the soil in because I tell
ya this clay here used to be a lake bed
and my first year of digging updated
lays in clay was a complete nightmare I
wrecked Lea went to my local dump where
they get the leaves in the the green
waste and they till it and mix it and
break it up in small pieces and so what
happened is I was able to bring the
loads in for $20 a load okay so here we
go one of the things you want to do is
make sure won't do multiple locations in
your garden because each location will
have a different pH the clay here is so
bad that I can barely barely plant grass
in it it's most likely a pH issue
because I fertilize a lot which is
another video guys so stay tuned for
that
hopefully I've corrected the issue but
it takes a long time for sulfur to turn
into acid acid rain really what it's
turning into so let's see if I've done
done anything to the soil this year last
year I did it three times so if 50
pounds each time so of a hundred and
fifty you'll want to add more or less
sulfur depending on what kind of soil
you have
the pH crank bar I use is this stuff
here and it changes colors from from red
to yellow so it only cost me two dollars
and fifty cents so buying an expensive
pH meter maybe you know it's not for
everybody but since I have to do it so
often and I want to make sure that my pH
balance is right for my soil
I have opted known to get a little bit
more expensive one and also I can I can
move from area to area spot to spot with
this one much quicker because it'll do
it'll do it pretty fast and as water
doesn't have to be clear because this
you have to let the water stand because
it will paper turn colors like a dirt
color okay so what you want to do is you
want echo parts of the soil to water and
you want it you want to go down where
the roots are you don't want to take the
top soil because your roots aren't there
so you want to go down through three
inches two or three inches got any even
cup my bowl and then water that
mix it up
stand
now this I'm just trying to get a base
baseline here I'm not trying to be
scientific and it's six point two nine
five or whatever I'm just trying to get
a ballpark because it's so off just
crazy
so you see that
and if you can see that or nod seven six
seven point six so it's still really
high and the one reason is is that the
water the water is it's not acidic it's
really basic here too so what I've done
is I brought in a you know automatic
fertilizer and all what I do is I add
acid to it
so
in about 30 seconds it'll start
exchanging colors you see let's see it
change colors
so you get a little bit yellow rings at
7-7
around 7:00
eight seven eight four eight
it's about right
well it's still a little guys so it
could go down a whole ph level here at
this location to get it to 6.5 alright I
just pump it out let's go on to the next
class so here we go again this is an
area where all the day lilies are just
these these day lilies are here and they
are so 12 inches maybe 20
and then look it over there so those are
you know those are 30 inches and then
you come over here nothing nothing
I've been working with the soil one is I
did this these day little II still have
clay around their roots I still need to
probably dig them up and Transplant okay
I'm gonna rinse it rinse it I'm gonna
dig down I'm gonna dig down
that's oiled nice oil but pH balance
isn't right
Daly's aren't going to grow as well
equal parts of dirt
it's around
Oh
whoo I could go down the hair 1/2 pH now
just used to be nine last year nine got
that getting better getting better so
that means these day lilies it's not the
pH so we're going to have to find out
what what what what new to get that
they're missing well this is interesting
it's not the pH here well I can tell you
why the day lilies here aren't doing
very well look at this
yeah
that's not good but we can fix that
problem I have to get that peace out
ah
take this off
okay put that on
then make sure it's pointed the right
way all right there
little arrow saying that it's going that
way and it goes that way okay well done
going through your daily Bad's and going
through your Gardens one of the
important things to do is make sure your
sprinklers are working always check your
soil you don't know people ask me all
the time what should I put on my salt is
at 10 10 10 15 15 15 what should you put
on well it depends on what your soil is
the clay is it sandy loam so it's it's
all its depends it depends on what your
soil type is like and what's in it so
the best way to figure this out is to do
what I do buy some pH paper it's not
very expensive two dollars and fifty
cents is all it cost me or you know do
the pH meter you just do it more often
alright guys until next time alright
guys make sure to check your soil and
your pH level of your soil because each
garden is going to be different mine is
going to be different than my next-door
neighbors because he probably brings in
different soil than I that I have but I
know the clay is the worst so the only
way to fix clay is to is to amend it
with lot of organic material
I do have to amend it with some sulfur
just because the clay underneath the
salts underneath that are in clay are
reaching up through this nice soil and
so I have to combat that but other than
that um the garden is looking good
Dale is looking good and I can't hardly
wait to start showing you what I have
around here so until next time my this
is elemental sulfur as a smell like
rotten eggs okay the the orange class
has vinegar in it and it's reading 3.8
if I put it over here in baking soda
what happens in that cool