all right
so this video I'm going to show you on
how to make movie theater style popcorn
I'm going to do it on the stovetop you
can also also if you do have a West Bend
stir crazy popcorn machine it'll work
well too left for this video I'm going
to do it on the stovetop so first I'll
show you all the ingredients that you're
going to need for all this of course
you're getting popcorn so this is an 8
quart 8 pound container here of the
Orville Redenbacher popcorn which got
this from amazon and then this stuff
here
this is flavor call this is a butter
flavored salt and in for the oil using
pure coconut oil this one here have
what's called beta-carotene and that and
it will look like this is pretty much
what it looks like you can also use this
regular white coconut oil you don't
necessarily have to use this coconut oil
just the only difference in with this
one it's an orange color it's because of
the beta carotene that's in it but it's
pretty much the same
and just by doing some researching on
with this stuff I find that this is
practically the secret ingredient to the
movie theater popcorn as well as the
coconut oil and so without further ado
we'll get started here so I'm going to
make a 2 quart batch out of this 2 quart
hand so start out with 2 tablespoons of
coconut oil
all right
next you want to add a third of a cup of
popcorn kernals and I'm going to go
ahead and turn on the heat
now with coconut oil you kind of want to
cook it at much lower heat so I'm going
to go between medium to medium-high heat
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
kind of just shake this all up real good
just to make sure that all the kernels
are all coated with the oil
[Music]
then
finally
finally take one teaspoon of the flava
call butter plate or salt and spread it
around evenly just so all the girls get
a much even coating here
then also kind of shake the pan to help
mix it all up really well okay I'll be
this go ahead and put your lid on well
well that's waiting the top I'll discuss
about the products just somewhere to
actually find these unfortunately you
cannot find these at any retail store
the best that is the findings online and
as far as you know I'm online the best
place s online site to get these is
Amazon and that's where got all these
from so if you want to find these just
just do a must-do or do a search on
Amazon and you'll find them
now we just do it we're now starting to
sizzle
and of course while it's poppin' you
want to of course you want to shake the
pant just while it's popping kind of
like this it's that way to get any of
the unpopped kernels down into the
bottom sometimes at the same time you
kind of want to at least crack open the
the lid just to watch any of the
moisture out since this one does not
have no vent on its lid
all right so as you can hear it's now
starting to pop kind of cracking open
the lid a little bit just to let you
know the moisture out don't listen it up
too much because otherwise the kernels
will start popping right out
now excessive starting to pop vigorously
so now I'm going to go ahead and visit
the safe give her another shape here
yeah that's good go ahead and turn your
heat off just do one final little shake
here and I think we're good here oh yeah
look at there oops
so I'm going to actually just serve all
this into this bowl here from my end
stir crazy pot or machine
and there you have it you can see some
of the popcorn kernels or yellow and
it's just because of the coconut oil
here with the beta carotene that makes
it turn make some yellow go ahead and
taste one of these that's actually
pretty good only if you've had
smell-o-vision right now I pretty much
made my kitchen pretty much smell almost
like a movie theater so there you have
it this is how you make movie theater
style popcorn and once again you can get
these products on amazon.com so I hope
y'all enjoyed this video so thanks for
watching