foreign
hey in this video we're going to go over
proper wash techniques after your car is
detailed you have it nice and shiny
maybe you just got it coated you want to
keep it that way so it's important that
you wash the car properly we're going to
go over proper techniques and how you
can keep your car looking clean and
scratch free for years to come first
thing I want to go over is some of the
stuff that you're going to need for
washing your car we actually sell wash
maintenance buckets here at Chicago
water Pros
stuff that you can buy from us a lot of
the stuff you can buy on detailimage.com
some of the things that were that you
can get is this is a this is a
microfiber wash mitt it's kind of like
it has these dreadlock microfibers here
nice and soft great for washing the car
driving the car this is a microfiber
waffle weed towel
proper soap this is the optimum car wash
soap you can get that on optimum's
website or detailimage.com too
very important
this goes in the bottom of the bucket
usually we have two buckets here and
we'll go over why we have two buckets
but in the bottom of both these buckets
is a grit guard this will actually sit
on the bottom of the bucket here and
your mitt will sit on top of that so you
don't catch all that dirt and grime and
pull it back on your car and we're
scratching it some other things that we
got here wheel cleaner
that's just a basic alkaline wheel
cleaner I have some brushes for the
tires here this is a rim brush for the
tire brush uh long handled Fender brush
to get inside the fender we have this
little lug nut brush
and then I actually have a separate mint
for the rims and tires too so I can kind
of get in the barrel and around the tire
and get everything clean in there that's
separate from your uh body mitt that
you're going to use on the body because
you don't want to drag anything on the
tire to the body got your two buckets we
actually have a uh a Master Blaster here
this is you can use a compressed air or
you can actually use a leaf blower too
that's a cheap way to actually blow out
all the cracks and crevices after the
car washes down and get everything dried
properly
that's some of what you need we actually
have uh during our process a drying
process we use rpcl2 we'll go through
all this with the wash process but let's
get washing getting set up for your car
wash we have three buckets here we have
one with soap one water and actually
have a separate bucket for all my tire
tools tire and rim tools some things you
want to think about when washing your
car the wash process is a gentle process
it's not you don't want to be scrubbing
or rubbing or anything like that on your
car it's a gentle process that you want
to keep soft hands with anything like
bird droppings bugs tar or sap none of
those things you want to scrub off
there's proper ways to take all that
stuff off a car so let's get started
with the wash the first thing that
you're going to do with the wash is you
start with the rims get the rims clean
first one at a time and then we can
actually wash your car so let's get into
the rims
first step is I like to rinse the rims
get any extra Grime or dust or dirt off
there so we can clean it with the the
brushes here spray your rims down with
your cleaner
you can use either a
long spoke brush to get in there to the
barrels or you can use your mid to use
your hand to get in there either oil
works just fine
you don't want to let any chemical dry
on the wheels so find a nice shaded cool
dry area to wash the car
all right you can see we have two
different buckets here one with soap
great guard in the bottom one with just
water Rickard at the bottom and then we
have our watch mix reason we have two
buckets one with soap one with just
water when we start washing we're gonna
start washing from the top to the bottom
after each panel we're going to rinse it
in the water
rub it against the grit guard get
anything that might have been in the mid
off there and then dip it back into the
soap bucket at the end of the wash the
soap bucket should be pretty clean
should have a clean wash mitt every time
you wash a pan on the card just to help
minimize or prevent any dirt or sand
getting it in that mint now we're going
to rinse down the car that's uh one of
the most important steps before you
actually start washing get all that dirt
and grime off this car we walked around
it it's pretty clean this car is
actually a coated car so you can just
you're going to see the beading on it
and it makes it a lot easier to clean it
has some bugs on it otherwise it doesn't
have any tar or bird droppings we
actually have a ball guitar remover here
we're actually just going to spray the
fronts and let these soak and each box
or car or bugs or fur droppings just
spray them down with a dedicated uh bug
remover wheel cleaner World War II if
the car is coated
um if your car is just waxed the the bug
remover will take off wax so you'll have
to re-wax that part after you don't have
to wash rinse all the car down
this car's cut into the dirt literally
just falls off
all right our two buckets
take your wash mitt
start at the top
just the weight of the mitt you don't
want to put any pressure on this maybe
you don't want to be scrubbing or
rubbing or picking anything off
after each panel
rinse it in your water bucket
back in yourself bucket
I'm actually going to go right down to
the molding
wash the car up to there
I'm going to keep that section for last
so I don't drag anything from the bottom
up to the top there
we rinsed the car we're ready to drive
the car now this is uh the process where
I think most of scratches come in is dry
in the car to prevent that we actually
have this blower this car is coated so
we're actually going to blow this car in
the water will come off real nice then
we're going to use our microfiber here
we're actually going to spray this
detailing spray this is Opti seal spray
a couple sprays on the towel and then
wipe the rest of the water that wouldn't
get off the blower it adds lubrication
between the towel and your car it also
adds a little layer of protection for
you too
foreign
following these wash techniques are
going to keep your car looking a lot
cleaner swirl free scratch free for a
lot longer if you have any questions
feel free to call us email us
chicagowaterpros.com thanks for watching