mark is gonna make his hot water
cornbread it's really now then yeah what
kind of oil is this Chris Perry I hear
the beans I've made been cooking all day
mmm three
[Music]
they'll they really do that no I do they
need to be planning no I'm not used to
this kind of stuff
see if they start I think that one might
not be done in the middle they need to
be salty it's pretty good
[Music]
Oh
I burn it all over here that is
priceless I am so glad I was video with
this
Hey
but these are actually turned out pretty
good they are good
we're going to call these fire alarm
portrait was originally created by the
Native American Indians back way before
we came in raped and pillaged and
everything
and somehow it ended up in the South
Texas
my grandmother Nana used to like this
all the time
yes
[Music]
[Music]
that'll be enough yeah I'm just a little
salt
the only negative of this is cos just
got so much to clean up okay we're ready
hmm