get the brand new limited edition pals
holiday package available at the
palsmerch.com
[Music]
hey what is up you guys my name is
subzero x2 bite and today well today is
going to be a fun day a weird day but a
fun day i bet that most of you would
know how much i despise creepers i mean
that is like adding one by one which
makes two right well yeah but someone
once told me that you should not shy
away from your fears but you should
encounter them and face them head on to
lose your fear or get control of said
fear well today we are doing just that
by getting these creepers on my turf
they though that they could be running
game around here and i respect that but
right now they are not just blowing up
people in minecraft no they thought that
they could be all smart and stuff and
fight me head on in minecraft well to
that i say come at me you fools because
minecraft is not only my home turf no we
are playing a game which is like double
the home turf so yeah that is right just
make sure that we do not fail right here
at the freaking beginning because this
might be a little harder than i had
imagined in the first place oh no we are
killing it oh no never mind all of that
but i am actually going to get some ants
to make an ant farm just because i read
somewhere that they will keep creepers
away and that is my goal in life right
now now next to seeing all of these new
ants right here i will be doing just a
little bit more because i feel like i
owe this to all of you guys out there i
mean we have not been talking about life
as much lately so you know i just want
you guys to know what i've been up to
and such and i just want to talk a
little bit to you guys and show some
interaction because you know the time of
the year has come again and we have had
our winter time arrive where the days
start to get a lot shorter now and the
sun starts to shine just a little less
often not that it is much but hey
beggars cannot be choosers i guess but
yeah so i will be testing a lot of
things today and i will be talking about
myself a lot today so you will just have
to watch out for that because this is
going to be great right now and i can
pretty much assure you of that well
actually i should not have to because
you guys should know that we are going
to be having a lot of fun because that
is just what we do around here and it is
just amazing if you ask me right now so
let's get started with everything now
shall we you guys let's go now we do
have a lot of ant right here and i do
not think that they are that harmful but
then again they might be because i have
no idea how to deal with these ants
because i am very unfamiliar with them
to be honest i actually have no idea
what half of these things actually do so
maybe i am not really the right person
to teach you guys how to actually do
this but then again that is not really
the motive here i feel like this is a
good way to show you guys some new stuff
in case that you want to use it
yourselves and that is a good thing
right i mean there is nothing better
than some random guy that is telling you
what to do i am kidding that was me
being really sarcastic i mean i do not
really care about what is going on here
it is just really freaking me out and i
do not like it when i am freaked out
because i turn into a little bit of a
drama queen but that might just be me
leave me a comment down below if you
think that i am overreacting to all of
this and of course if you actually think
that i am a drama queen of some sort but
i actually think that it is amazing that
i have these ants now man it is so weird
in here i could probably just be walking
into a paradise right now and not even
notice it for one bit i am kidding but
let's add some stuff here oh my god this
is insane man how about this we can
actually start playing thor or something
right here maybe we can add something
here i mean more fire will do the trick
right why does this thing walk on fire
why is all of this happening you guys i
mean i have been a good boy throughout
the last week right i mean i have helped
others i have done nothing wrong at
least that i know of or at least what i
would consider to be wrong but maybe
this is just something that we will have
to push through right now and i feel
like can actually make sure that we can
do this without the help of anyone else
i am just going to be exploring for a
bit and while i do that i will tell you
guys a quick story about my love for the
block nature of minecraft so it pretty
much all started out when i was a lot
younger than i am right now it sounded
pretty correct and that was the story of
how i fell in love with minecraft and
it's mobs not right now though just hold
on this is just too weird for me man i
mean i am a pretty weird guy but that
has nothing to do with all of this i
mean i probably could get used to it
someday but i am not sure if that day
will ever come just because i do not
handle change all that well so i am
pretty sure that this is going to be
bothering me until the day that i end up
getting some mob power in this world and
i cannot wait for that day to happen
because i am already sick and tired of
all of these things that i am trying
without a reason i mean i guess that i
am just not made for these things
because i am doing more damage to this
world than i am doing any good so maybe
i should just stay away it is just not
the way minecraft is supposed to be
played and stuff etc but what do we have
here oh never mind maybe i can just make
sure that i do not ruin this whole world
right now but maybe we can add something
to all of this in order for us to not
break this world into pieces this looks
so weird but i think that we can manage
all of this i mean i really like to
procrastinate and do things on the down
low because that is just who i am and i
mean i am kind of known for missing the
point and just rambling and raining
about other stuff like i am doing right
now which is not a good thing to do in
my opinion and no one wants to walk
around all day listening to me rant
about random stuff right that is
nonsense i mean why walk around
listening to me we can be trumping that
is like is the best of thing ever and
i'm not kidding i am not sure what i
meant by that
but i am just going to roll with it no
matter what so what do you guys think of
video thus far i mean i really like it
so i'm hoping to you guys will like this
video was well otherwise this would all
be for naught and we would not one that
i mean i do not win that now i am not
the best person in minecraft or anything
on youtube but at least i try so i have
got that going on which is nice now of
course you might be thinking why are we
doing all of this right now well i mean
we could have been doing anything but we
out here chilling with mobs but i am
going to finish the shack which will
teleport me into the ant farm and it
will be a whole lotta awesome i am
following my thoughts here now of course
like i said we're going to do some
research and it is going to be amazing
of course there are a lot of things and
we should have been doing right now we
are not doing that we're living our own
life right now our lives to just go
ahead and do some searching so i'm going
to take you on this journey was going to
really awesome and we're never going to
stop believing i mean literally cannot
stop believing are based on stop
believing from journey that some as a
joke now let's go ahead and do this i
mean we're already jumping we're not
getting very far to be honest so we'll
just have to hang on get with it and
make sure that we finally get this done
because no one wants to walk around all
day i mean why walk around we can be
trumping that is like is the best of
thing ever and i'm not kidding so what
do you guys think of this i mean i
really like it so i'm hoping to you guys
will like this video as well otherwise
this would all be for naught and we
would not one that i mean i do not win
that now i am not the best person in
engineering work on youtube but at least
i try so it doesn't really matter that
going on which is nice now of course you
might be thinking what are we doing in
the nether well i mean we could have
been doing anything else right now but
or at doing that i mean why wouldn't we
i mean i had a dream about this and the
dream was awesome so i would like to go
ahead and use jump around all day long
otherwise i'm probably going to be bored
and i do not want to be bored i mean
it's not fun i did all want to sit on my
couch all day long and i just want to do
something now you might be like why
would you not want to sit on your couch
all day long well that is a good
question but it has great answer and the
answer will be the answer to this one
million dollars question is that i do
not like that i do not want that and i
will never want to just sit on my couch
all day long so let's make the best of
this so we can go out and do everything
that we like and doing some freaking
stuff i mean this is not outdated right
i mean i still like it so it could not
be outdated so let's go ahead because i
have been asking myself what i could do
to get rid of this creeper problem and
of course the growing mom problem but
who actually is better no one really
knows now do they i mean you can of
course guess but that never got anyone
far so today i will be putting this to
the test so we have a lot to do because
i needed to build a portal back to the
normal dimension and i think that we can
have a little fun with this because no
one actually knows what is down there
but i think that of course the ants will
be the best i mean they would be anyone
their first bet but then again i think
that i still might come out on top just
because i feel like i have got a lot of
experience with all of this stuff here
and most of them out there do not share
that same skill set oh my god i just
noticed that it is already the best and
time right now i mean i guess the saying
is true the time does go faster when you
are having fun or at least it feels like
it is going faster when you are having
fun and by fun i mean trying to escape
out of here because there are no ants to
be seen at all i have never in my life
envy the human being who led an easy
life i have envy the great many people
who led difficult lives and led them
well that is basically the same when it
comes to this hard maze you can just
have an easy life and do nothing about
it and just stroll through it but it is
the people who are leading the hard
lives and make it look easy who you
should be looking up to that is why i
like to keep things interesting by
making things hard on myself from time
to time like failing on purpose that is
what i do a lot also in this video of
course so right now with my maze right
here i am struggling a lot but when you
guys are watching this out of the
comfort of your home you will all just
be like well that guy subzero there on
the screen well he really did quite a
good job on making everything look easy
while he was struggling really hard at
least that is what i think that you are
all going to be saying i mean i cannot
know for sure now can i are you still
here chip i am catching your drift my
small friend now still that does not
mean that this is easy for me at all i
mean it would just plain be unfair if
you had to watch me do all of this so
perfect and swift without a care in the
world and you guys are out there
struggling trying to become as great as
me in these things so sometimes i will
feel on purpose just to make it look a
little less hard i mean come on i would
not be able to do all of this without
you guys so if you guys want to be like
me that would be pretty hard so i have
to put in some flaws to myself i mean no
one is flawless except for me of course
so you know maybe that is the reason why
i should be doing all of this just so
that you guys can see that having flaws
is just a way of life but then again i
am a roblox character so i am not really
sure if that also counts for me but now
that the cat is out of the bag i will
just hope that you guys appreciate the
fact that i sometimes end up failing on
purpose just so that you guys can see
that i am also human even though i am
better than anyone else in these types
of things just so that you know that is
just something that is unfortunate but
if you have the ability to change
anything about yourself and i do not
just mean your appearance but make sure
that anything that you might be changing
actually is a change for the better and
that is not just something that i am
saying for the likes or anything that is
just something that i feel like is true
for a lot of people out there and even
for a lot of people in here right now
and by that of course i mean myself
because i am a mess when it comes to
this i am trying my hardest right i mean
even right now i am running around and
walking hoops just to get to where i
came from just a second ago now this
might all seem repetitive but without
all of this work i will probably end up
getting nothing so i will have to make
sure that i actually end up doing
something good here before the video is
over and i accomplished nothing because
that would paint me as someone who is
slacking and i do not want to be someone
who is slacking i mean chip always tries
to make fun of me so i cannot let that
happen right now since i pretty much
failed pretty bad at the sad stuff right
here and no chip you do not have to make
a joke about me being stupid and being a
joke i already got that as well all
right thank you very much for your
convenience right now jesus dude you are
breaking my self-esteem down with a
freaking sledgehammer right now man so
what are we actually doing here you are
asking well that is something that i
cannot give you a clear answer on i mean
these mazes are fun and stuff but they
do not really seem to take me anywhere
because i will need to be taking myself
somewhere right now just because i am in
this thing i will have to make sure that
i am the one actually getting out so you
know i think that i might have
underrated this just a tiny bit i mean i
thought well i am already done with the
other one so maybe i can just do another
one really quick right here well
apparently i cannot do that because i am
struggling pretty hard what is your take
on this you guys am i feeling this yeah
that is what i thought i bet that you
are sitting rather comfortably doing
nothing on the back of my shoulder i
mean why am i even carrying you around
anyway now let's just hope that we can
get to the next part in a little bit of
a quick manner because i am about to pop
an egg right here because of this
waiting oh my god i need more me time
and i do love me time you guys but that
was enough me time because we have a lot
more things to go through and i do not
want to get all repetitive to you guys
when it comes you my content because my
content is always very original and
non-click bait like so i do not want you
guys to start thinking any less of me
right now there is just too much at
stake when it comes to the channel and
to the people and you guys and i'm not
about to throw all of that away just
because i am starting to become lazy
well let me tell you this then because i
am not lazy nor will i ever become lazy
okay never mind i might actually be like
very lazy but that does not matter
because there is just a lot of stuff
that i have to do so there is just no
time to be lazy around these days
anymore so this sub is changing from a
lazy dude to an awesome dude and there
is nothing that yao can go ahead and do
about it because even though the lunar
new year has arrived and it was crowned
to be the year of the rooster so chip
can you make a quick joke about me being
a chicken or something like that i am
betting that you have some great bangers
in store for me right now because you
always do right now actually i feel like
i am kind of a loser right now since i
bought a ton of ants and they are all
gone and i can try and return the ant
farm and maybe get my doll hairs back so
you know i am not really fond of that
whole idea but like i said i am the one
who wanted to play with the fire so all
there is left to do right now is burn
baby burn baby burn that is all that i
can do that is actually a pretty good
lesson to take from this right now once
you do something that you should not
have done you will be the one that has
to bear the consequences and by you
right now i actually mean me so you know
just so that this is clear i am not
blaming this on anyone but myself like i
said i am the one who wanted to play
with the fire so i am the one that
should be burning and not anyone else
even though i said that i am going to be
performing my last escape so it is
better that you guys do not see this so
i hope that i will see you back tomorrow
[Music]