[Music]
hey I'm Rachel J and this is cultivator
kitchen today I'm gonna show you how to
make silky smooth delicious homemade
cashew milk back when I started making
nut milks and rice milk and oat milk my
biggest problem was all the straining
and all the leftover pulp I didn't know
what to do with it but there's none of
that with cashew milk all the pieces are
used
there's no straining there's no
leftovers and it comes together in less
than five minutes I like to include a
little sweetener and a little vanilla
but you can make this unsweetened so you
can use it in savory dishes too really
all you need are the cashews and the
water this is also a great zero waste
recipe if you're trying to reduce your
reliance on plastic and those milk
cartons that are really not very
recyclable in most places so I take my
little bag to my co-op or a health food
store or Whole Foods Market I fill it up
with a cashew amount that I want and
it's way cheaper that way if I keep them
in the freezer so that they don't go
rancid and I can make this anytime I
want
if you make this recipe and I really
hope you do post a picture to Instagram
and tag me at cultivator kitchen and use
the hashtag cultivator kitchen so I can
see and don't forget to go below and
like this video and subscribe I make new
videos twice a week on Tuesdays and
Fridays alright here's the recipe
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]