hello youtubers this is gonna be a very
quick video to show you how I cure
salmon eggs to use as Roe to fish
steelhead coho or whatever else I feel
like in the past I used to save my
seasoning salt to use that as the
container to do my mix my mix would
comprised of jello four different
coloring and it also has sugar to make
it sweet when the fish nibbles on it
hopefully they'll take it better and I'd
use some curl powder and of course a lot
of sea salt well nowadays there's a lot
of other formulas you can use and in
particular today I'll be using the
Polsky balls the fire to do this so
let's get to it
all right before we begin there's a few
things I need to tell you guys both
normally I do this outside because it
can get very very messy but tonight
we're going to do an indoor so I can
make this video a little more viewable
for you with good light what you want to
do is make sure you cover your surface
area I'm using a garbage bag on top of
glass table you can use newspaper
whatever maybe just make sure you cover
more area than what you need the other
thing you want to do is make sure you
have some latex gloves or whatever maybe
Keeney entire Home Depot whatever's
nearby you can get them very very cheap
you need a good pair of scissor because
you'll you'll need to snip through some
of the aids to make the little batches
that you want and if you have jewelry
like a wedding band as I do make sure
you take it off because it's a good
chance you might be staining it
so to make really good roll you
obviously need to have really good
salmon eggs so to make sure you have
good salmon eggs make sure you always
carry a small bag with you if you're the
type of person who likes to gut and
clean the fish at the river you want to
make sure your eggs do not touch a lot
of water or should I say it doesn't get
a lot of water because the more it
source the more you're gonna have to
allow this formula to draw more of the
water out before it soaks back in the
color and the flavoring in this case
it's going to be a lot of krill so make
sure you get good eggs that's the key
point all right next thing we're gonna
do right in this bag some people might
clean it out a lot I don't pop it down
all right so again what makes good roll
will be good eggs so you want to make
sure you do this within the 24 hour 36
hours again that's what I've been told
if you think it's different when you
know it's better please let me know
these eggs look pretty good now earlier
I mentioned that you need a scissor in
this case I don't think I'll need it and
no I won't need
okay so the reason why I told you is get
a scissors if you do have more eggs or
bigger fish let's say a chum what's
going to happen is these guys very well
could have been together or kind of
wrapped up kind of like a tortilla wrap
or something like that and what you'll
need to do is you'll need to find the
layer of the eggs and snip through it to
unfold it so picture picture like this
where it's as a whole and it might even
overlap each other so you want to find
an opening where you can snip it open
till you can open it up so it's just one
layer of eggs okay my case I don't need
to do that so we're going to continue on
to using the formula and again I'm using
the Hulk's key balls of fire see if we
can get that and focus for you guys and
I'm using orange because I will be using
this to fish for coho and I'm fishing it
right here in the title River of the
Fraser River sorry in the title portion
and it's pretty murky so you want to do
is you want to use it very very
generously you want to just put it right
across sprinkle it all around
alright now normally what I do is I put
it on the back side before I put down
the eggs but in this case it's alright
it's a very small piece it's a small
pink but it gave me eggs so I'm happy
so the instructions tell you to put in
an airtight jar but I know some folks
who may do this read on the river system
and I may do that if I'm left by
Squamish or whatever it may be be very
generous so rather than use a jar I use
a ziploc bag okay so here we go
Cluny and folks remember that's why I
told you make sure you cover more I'm
using the paper towel so it's less
cleanup I'm still going to sprinkle in
oops start with that and then sprinkle
in a little bit more okay
and then now what you want to do is
gently roll it to make sure it's all
covered get as close to the camera now
so you can see it's nice and bright and
orange so what's going to happen is
you're going to let us sit the
instructions tells you to leave it for
about an hour and I will do that at room
temperature and it's going to start
developing water in here or what we
would call as juice because it's going
to extract all the water up from the
eggs and what you want to make sure you
do is do not pour out that juice because
that juice later on will be reabsorbed
by the eggs to get the flavor and the
coloring and it also rubber eise's the
eggs a little bit more so it's easier
for you to handle it does tell you to
let it sit in the fridge for about three
days now it's up to you how long you
really want to do that the longer you do
it the drier can get the more rubbery
can get and there's also different ways
of storing this you can leave it more
wet meaning you can use it right away
within that three days or you can strain
it then freeze it and some people will
vacuum seal it I'll probably be using
this in about a month's time so I will
probably be freezing it and that's about
it folks now I know some people might
ask well how do I use this as single
eggs because I want to use it on a hook
and just drift it down with my center
pin or whatever you're using what you
can do is after you cure it you can just
flash boil it for about 30-40 seconds
and it will become a lot harder and then
that way you can just put the egg
directly onto the hook like thread it
right through the hook and then you
could go so it's that simple folks it's
that that simple and that's just awesome
and this is again what I'm using there's
different colors pink purple whatever
maybe that reminds me if you are looking
at this tutorial and you remember me
saying how I used to use gel and so on
I used to use the jello black black
berry current because that ends up being
a dark black and purple color and for
steelhead in the clear water up by
swamis I find that that works quite well
again I'm going to be using this in the
phrase river in the title portion so I
want maximum brightness orange and smell
so this is loaded with the secret
formula from Polsky and it's a krill
alright so this is after an hour of the
formula working on the eggs as you can
see it's nice and bright Scarlet's color
definitely smells good and there's the
solution to say the juice and again you
do not want to boil that out you want to
leave it in there and what I'm going to
do now is I'm going to put in the fridge
it's ready to use but I'm going to put
in a fridge for three days because I'm
going to end up freezing this to use in
about a month's time so if you have any
questions please leave a comment below
and I'll do my best to answer tight
lines