welcome everyone I'm donda with Foods
101 today I'm showing you how to make
fresh blackeyed peas now New Years is
just a few days away and Legend has it
when you eat your blackeyed Peas on the
first day of the new year you're going
to have tremendous luck thereafter now
to get this started you're going to need
one pound of dried blackeyed peas now
you want to go through these remove any
foreign objects and rinse them my
favorite brand to use are the Camila
brand of blackeyed peas this is my
favorite you're going to need one large
onion chopped a teaspoon of salt a half
a pound of seasoned meat now I have a
seasoned Italian sausage here one garlic
clove this is a large clove that I've
just cut in half plus you need to have
it peeled I've got two 2 tablespoons of
olive oil if you like to use canola oil
or vegetable oil that's fine and a half
teaspoon of dried T back here I've got
eight cups of water in a large saucepan
we're going to add the blackeyed
peas and we're going to pour the
water over the blackeyed
piece just like that I'm adding my
garlic cloves whole because as the
blackeyed piece cook cook that garlic
will just melt into those blackeyed peas
and then we're adding the
meat all of your meat right into your
blackeyed peas now this goes over medium
heat until it comes to a boil and then
once it comes to a boil we're going to
turn it down to simmer and let it simmer
for 1 hour so here we go the Black Eyed
Peas have been simmering woo and I got
some steam coming up for 45 minutes now
I'm going to put the cover on and over
here I'm going to start sautéing the
onions so I'm adding a little canola oil
in our pan over medium heat and then I'm
adding our onions and we're going to
sauté these for the next 15 minutes
black high peas have simmered for 1 hour
now it's time to add the sauteed onion
going to stir these onions in to the
blackeyed peas we're going to add the
seasonings the
salt
and the time going to give this a lovely
little
stirring just like this and now we're
going to put the lid back on and we're
going to let this simmer for another 30
minutes and then it'll be completed but
look how beautiful that is and it smells
so yummy I'm just ladling some blackeyed
peas in there and look how thick that is
and the blackeyed peas look perfectly
tender got to give it a
try M oh my
M with that seasoned meat with the thyme
and the sauteed onions this is
fantastic hey a big special happy New
Year to all my subscribers thanks for
watching leave me a comment give me
thumbs up and I'll catch you all next
time