want to know how to make more
gluten-free dog treats for your dog well
I'm going to show you that on this
video hi guys it's Chloe here on this
channel I talk about anything dogs dog
care and dog training so if you're new
here please think about subscribing and
don't forget to check out the links
below where I list anything that I've
mentioned in this video the ingredients
for the dog treats and the recipe is
also down there also don't forget to hit
the Bell button so you don't miss out on
any of these videos so on today's video
I'm going to show you how to make these
gorgeous dog treats glutenfree for your
dog let's get going so the first
ingredients that you want to start
getting together is your main filler so
what you want to do is you want to uh
blend those in together with a blender
if you don't have a blender you can
always cut them up I've used apples and
carrots in this case you can use
anything you want for your dog then you
want to get 350 G of rice flour or
potato flour depending on what country
you're in and depending on what
glutenfree flour is provided at your
Supermarket then you want to add in your
mixture that you've just Blended up and
mix it all together into the flour you
want to add some water and I also added
honey into this just one tablespoon just
to to give it that extra bit of taste
you then want to mix it all up together
until it is like a
dough you then want to start to roll it
out to around 1 cm I don't think it
matters too much how precised you
are you then want to get your shape
Cutters together and then start cutting
out I use stars for this it actually
produced so many
biscuits you then want to put your oven
on at 18 80Â° and start cooking your
biscuits for 20 to 25 minutes or until
they're golden brown thank you so much
for watching I really hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please hit the
Subscribe button so you don't miss out
on any more videos in the future don't
forget to check out the links below and
I'll see you next time thanks for
watching bye