[Music]
hey what's up its Vincent your fervency
accom and I know normally I'm in the
kitchen when I'm doing a recipe video
but today we're gonna be cooking outside
in a car
now I've seen some people talking about
baking cookies inside the car on a hot
day and I've always wondered does that
really work well today we're gonna find
out as we're gonna be making vegan
chocolate chip cookies inside my car now
you may remember a few videos back when
I did the banana ice cream recipe video
I mentioned that it's been really hot
here in Los Angeles and we're
experiencing another heat wave so I
thought it's a good chance to try and
see if I can bake some of these vegan
cookies inside my car it's recommended
that it's at least 95 degrees outside
when doing this and today it's over a
hundred degrees so it shouldn't be a
problem now you can also make your own
cookie dough at home and I do have a
recipe for one of those and I'll link
that in the description box below but
we're gonna make things a little easier
and go to the store and find some vegan
cookie dough
all right so since we're gonna be baking
these cookies outside I thought that
might as well prepare them outside and
we're gonna be using this e pastry
chocolate chip cookie dough now it's
vegan and everybody I've talked to you
said it's really good but I've never had
it so let me know in the comments if
you've had it and what you think but
this is what we're gonna be using to
make our cookies all right so our
cookies are ready they are all on the
baking tray now it says on the e pastry
box you can make cookies in ten minutes
however that's in the oven and we're
gonna be baking these in a car so it's
probably gonna take a couple hours but I
did make them on the smaller side to
hopefully help speed things along all
right so it's been about an hour and the
cookies are definitely getting flat and
they're on their way to being baked but
there are a few things that you need to
be aware of when trying to bake cookies
in the car now first it's recommended
that you don't use cookie dough with
eggs and tooth on vegan I won't be
eating any eggs and I won't be using
them so that won't be an issue but it's
also recommended that you monitor the
interior temperature of the car and make
sure it's at least 165 degrees and
that's to prevent any germs or bacteria
or anything forming in the cookie dough
itself but since with these eight pastry
cookie dough items you can eat them raw
I'm not too concerned about this
happening also if you do try this at
home be aware that the baking pan does
get really hot in the car so you want to
be careful when grabbing it all right so
the cookies have been in the car about
two and a half hours and I actually have
to leave so I'm gonna go check out these
cookies and probably take them out and
see what they look like and maybe cool
them off inside the house and taste it
when I get home all right so the cookies
are done and let me just say when I got
back into the car and left the
temperature reading outside on the
thermometer inside the car was reading a
hundred and fourteen degrees so safe to
say it was hot enough in the car all
right we are done here are our chocolate
chip cookies and as you can see it
definitely looks like a fully cooked
chocolate chip cookie it's not brown on
the edges like if you cooked it in the
oven and I think that's because of the
sugar then when you don't get the the
sugar to melt fully when you do it in
the car coz it is a lower temperature
but I mean it definitely did cook and
bake
these cookies so I mean they're
definitely firm let's go ahead and give
it a break so it looks like a chocolate
chip cookie but let's give it a taste it
tastes like a chocolate chip cookie so I
would say yes this experiment was a
success and that you can bake chocolate
chip cookies in the car so if it's
really hot where you are and you don't
want to turn the oven on inside the
house go ahead and toss some cookie
dough inside the car so I hope you
enjoyed this video and let me know in
the comments if you've ever baked two
cookies in the car or what else we can
try baking in the car
I mean if you liked this video give it a
big thumbs up subscribe to the channel
as I post new videos every week and join
the feed from food notification squad by
clicking on that bell next to the
subscribe button and remember to keep
living fit from food and I'll talk to
you soon
[Music]