hey everyone in this video I'm going to
talk a little bit about hurler beads
which are also known as iron beads fuse
beads and Hammer beads which is another
brand of them you can find these beads
at pretty much any craft store and
stores like Walmart and Target in either
the craft section or the kids section
you can also buy packs of them I got
these from eBay and I think I bought
from Blue and dash I think that's the
company you can get like a whole big bag
of one color that you need for pretty
cheap and keep in mind if you're
shopping at a place like Michaels or
Joan Fabrics to take in a 40 or 50% off
coupon and say this tub of them there's
11,000 in here say it's like $10 you'll
get it for five or six which is a lot
better of a deal if you're going to use
these beads you'll also need Peg boards
because that's how you put them together
and then once you have all your beads
laid out on a pegboard that comes in
many different shapes and sizes
there's little ones too then you have to
have an iron and you have to have some
like wax paper or some type of paper
like parchment paper and you have to
iron it together so this may be an
activity that you younger kids need to
do with their parents I'm 20 and I have
burnt myself a couple times not bad or
anything but just like I'd be sitting by
the iron and my leg would touch it so
they are dangerous and they can burn for
new do but if you're careful this is a
really fun craft and you can make really
cute things out of these beads you can
use these beads to make just about
anything you can imagine one thing I've
decorated with these beads is a planner
a school planner and I have a video on
how to decorate this with candy wrappers
and then all you have to do is glue your
Pearl or bead creation on and then I
also have a video on all these Doodles
that are in my planner there's quite a
bit and something fell out here are a
lot of mine and I have a couple videos
on my old Sarah lint Channel but you can
access them from my channel I have a
playlist that says like all of my craft
videos so you can find those videos on
there or just search like pearler bead
creations or collection on YouTube and
you should come across my videos there's
two of them I'll show you a couple
things you can do besides decorating
planners and stuff you can make them
into magnets this is hamaro anyone know
who that is he's real cute but you just
would glue strips of magnet to the back
and oh I think this one one came off
here's a few more magnets that I have
here's a moon and this one glows in the
dark I believe in the middle so that's
pretty cool you can do 3D projects with
these beads these are some dice I have a
video on my old channel on how to make
these too but I think I need to redo it
cuz I don't know and I'll just show you
a few things here's a little tamagachi
here's a little ducky here is Yoshi and
Mario baby Mario from that lovely game
and My Little Pony a robot and and
Tinker Bell Huey Dey and Lou because I
don't know their colors apart so now I
didn't get it wrong Super Panda here's
some sweet
glasses it was night time I totally sing
the song mini cupcakes Piggies cute
little penguin couple a Alice from alome
Wonderland does anyone remember Tiny
Tunes remember these guys and Plucky
Duck from that show go watch my other
videos if you want to see my entire
collection to make something pretty
small you only need one pegboard the
first step of making something out of
pearler beads is to have a pattern in
your head or have one that you have
planned out on a piece of graph paper or
from the computer I believe this was
from an icon you know how I'm like aim
you have a little icon they're really
tiny and they're like 100 by 100 pixels
if you're in a paint program when you
use the pencil tool it's one pixel so
each bead is a pixel I know this is
going to confuse some of you but each
bead is a pixel so if you just pause my
video right here and you see this pig
you can copy it bead for bead I'm not
going to make separate tutorials on
Little Creations because all you have to
do is look it up just go on Google
search for Sprites for video game
sprites you'll find a lot of good ones
that way search um on different picture
sites for other people's pear be
Creations search
for icons for pixels search for pixels
because people make really cute pixels I
think this My Little Pony was a pixel
that I found and you just copy the
colors as best as you can and put them
on the board shape of the board is
really easy to find out too you can tell
that these are going in a circular
circular motion happiness runs you can
tell this was done using a circle every
time the beads are straight up and down
that means it was done on a square just
the pick was two something such as this
owl was done on a hexag
that was done on that and you can tell
because they form a diagonal line so
that's how you can tell what board
someone used if you're looking up other
people's
Creations um yeah I have a cold I'm sure
my voice sounds different I'm a little
stuffy all right so here's a little baby
Mario mushroom and I can just show you
really quickly how I would approach
making it curler beads and Hammer beads
are a tiny bit different of sizes um I
think Hammer beads are a tiny bit
smaller you can use them together but I
try not to as much as possible but it
can work out so to make something this
tiny you can use the smallest peg board
that's available or you can use this
size it doesn't matter you can approach
it by doing one color at a time one row
at a time or one column at a time
whatever you want I'm going to start at
the bottom you can tell that there are
five white beads at the bottom so all
you're going to do is put them in a
straight line on the peg board put five
in a row of that color look at that my
nails broke it's not because they're
brittle or anything it's just I in a lot
of art classes and I open a lot of
different containers of inks and stuff
like that so if it gets caught like if
something sharp gets caught on the side
it peels it's so gross but so my nails
are in a little bit of trouble right now
I'm not going to cut the good ones
because I'm waiting for the little short
ones to grow out since I'm doing this by
Rose the next row you'd put a red a
white a black a white a black a white a
red all right so now I have all of my
beads laid out on the pegboard one bead
per Peg and I can't tip this too far or
they'll fall off there's the heater
while you're putting these on if it's a
pretty small project you can have your
iron plugged in and turn it on I put
mine to the cotton setting so the
Cotton's on that line once you're at
this point with all your beads on you
need to get a piece of wax paper or
parchment paper what ever yeah when you
buy a set of beads it comes with this
paper and you can reuse it so much this
one is so old but I can use it again and
it will be just fine so you're going to
place this paper on top of your bead
design and then you should be working on
a flat surface but I'm trying to show
you guys without moving the camera so
you're going to take your iron and
you're going to iron in a circular
motion around the
entire kage area and you can tell that
they're sticking to the paper I don't
really time how long I'm ironing for I
just kind of know but a good tip is like
about 30 seconds you kind of want to let
it sit for a little bit because it's hot
just leave it sit on there for a couple
minutes until it's cool to the touch
it's not like super hot unless you keep
your hand on it well look it's good now
it's that once it's cool you take it off
and it's on the wax paper peel it off of
that and you can tell that the top of
the beads where you ironed already are
melted down if you use dirty paper
sometimes you'll get discoloration on
like your whites so just keep that in
mind so then what you're going to do is
place the side that you already ironed
place it down on your surface and then
put the paper on top again and iron that
side as well for about the same amount
of time all right and then let this cool
for a little while and then you're all
done make sure you turn your iron off
when you're done let it cool before you
put it away the final thing I want to
talk about with these beads is how to
make larger projects as you can probably
see this one's not going to fit on one
board this one for sure does not fit on
one board there are linking boards it's
like a puzzle they go together kind of
like a puzzle so you'd put them together
on a flat surface that's how you would
make something this big make sure you
iron the whole thing under the same
amount of pressure and for the same
amount of time I don't know I think I
covered pretty much everything if um you
still have any questions just leave me
comments below and I will try and answer
them the best I can I don't know would
any of you buy this stuff from my Etsy
shop let me know and let me know what
you would want to buy you guys have a
great day and I'll see you soon bye
where's oh no did I not bring that I'll
be right back
okay gosh dropping things oh out of
breath from going up the stairs