dip me under
way iceam
every and watch me over until my
runsy me
[Music]
bab what's going on everyone welcome
back to more salt today I'm going to be
showing you how to make one of my
favorite recipes
six ingredient fluffy ass vegan pancakes
I love this recipe because it's perfect
for a lazy weekend morning when you are
tired you're sleeping in you don't want
to scramble around your kitchen for a
million different things to make an
elaborate breakfast this one is super
lowkey super easy to make and quite a
crow pleaser also you probably have all
of the ingredients for it sitting in
your pantry right now and like most
pancake recipes you can customize it to
your references you can throw in some
chocolate chips if you want which is my
personal favorite way to eat pancakes
you can put in some blueberries
raspberries strawberries you can even
make your own syrup putting in some
frozen berries into a small saucepan
with some sugar and water and reduce it
down until it's a surpy consistency M
but today I'm just going to be showing
you this basic recipe and you can take
it in whatever Direction you want so to
start making your pancakes to a large
bowl you're going to add two cups cups
of allpurpose flour this can be white
flour or whole wheat flour whichever you
prefer 2 tbspoon of baking powder and
yes you really do need two whole
tablespoons since we're not using eggs
we need the extra baking powder to give
our pancakes the extra lift that it
needs so they can be nice and fluffy 2
tbspoon of sugar about half a teaspoon
of cinnamon but honestly if you are a
cinnamon lover you could add one to two
whole teaspoons of cinnamon if you love
the flavor of it just to give it that
extra punch of cinnamon you can even add
pumpkin pie spice instead of cinnamon
there are so many different ways to take
this recipe you're also going to need
some freshly grated nutmeg and of course
I always advocate for fresh nutmeg
because that is just where it is at
people if you haven't experienced it you
have to and when you add fresh nutmeg
you really don't need a lot it's super
strong super flavorful if you're using
the ground stuff I would add in like a/4
teaspoon and a pinch of salt to bring
out all the
flavors you're going to whisk together
all of the dry ingredients and then
you're going to add in 1 and 1/2 cups of
water plus about like 2 tablespoons so
like a splash of water once you add the
water you can mix everything together
make sure that you only mix until
everything is fully combined it's okay
if there's a few lumps that's kind of
inevitable with this recipe but you
don't want to over mix it otherwise your
pancakes will just turn out really gummy
and not very good good then you're going
to take a nonstick skillet or pan and
heat it over like medium medium high
heat get the pan nice and hot and then
Ladle in your pancake batter once the
batter starts to bubble and the bottom
gets a nice golden brown you can flip
your pancake and cook it for another
minute or
so I topped mine with some Earth Balance
vegan butter and some real maple syrup
and if you decide to leave out the V
butter this recipe is completely oilfree
hey thanks so much for tuning in
everyone I really hope you enjoyed the
recipe if you did give it a thumbs up
and comment down below telling me your
favorite way to eat pancakes and please
hit that subscribe button down below and
don't forget to click the Bell icon so
you are notified every time I post a new
video make sure that you take care of
yourself this week eat good breakfast
food and I will see you in my next one
bye
[Music]
[Music]