[Music]
today we are doing a two-piece crown
molding installation and these are the
two pieces that we're going to be using
in this video I'm going to give you some
tips on how to do that and show you the
method that I use so this is our crown
and this is our base typically with
two-piece Crown moldings or multiple
crown molding buildups you're using a
number of different uh materials you've
got baseboards panel molding caps all
kinds of trim pieces that make up the
compound molding but this is a very
beginner compound molding it's just two
pieces this is a typical baseboard that
is installed on the floor up against the
wall just like that what we often do is
we'll just take a regular baseboard like
this one flip it upside down and then
this now becomes the base that we can
attach our Crown into so if if there was
ever a basic two-piece crown molding to
show you it would be this two-piece
crown molding here what we're using is a
material called ultral light MDF MDF is
medium density fiber board so this is a
MDF ultral light and we're going to show
show you some tips in how we install
this in a small bathroom in this house
here so let's go ahead and walk inside
and get
started the first thing I always do is
um I'll just kind of hold the pieces in
place and just get a feel for about
where I want it cuz with this the
two-piece what you're going to have to
do nine times out of 10 is you're going
to have to drop that base down from the
ceiling
a certain amount so let's say you know
you want to drop it down you know 2 in
or
something and then you go to put your
crown well that's not going to work so
you got to figure out what looks the
best and you got to figure out like
where you want it so it's totally up to
you how you want to do it you could
change what we call this section here we
call this the reveal how much of that is
showing you can change that reveal to
whatever you desire I always look at too
like the proportion of the molding like
how if it looks like it flows cuz
ultimately you want this to look like
one piece the whole purpose of using two
pieces is to give the appearance of a
bigger molding so you don't want it to
look like two pieces you want it to flow
naturally what you can do to kind of
figure that out is every crown mold that
you can take this Carpenter square but
every crown molding has a flat side on
the top and bottom and you can just hold
your crown in there on those flat
sides you can see where the crown the
flat side of the ceiling stops and the
flat side of the wall so when you put
this Crown in it's always going to have
this hollow area back here between the
wall and the ceiling so throw your crown
whatever Crown you're
using on a carpenter square like this
and you can see how far it drops down on
the wall and this one drops down 3 and
38 so what I'll
do now that I know that measurement and
you can
also once you have your miter stall set
up it's the same exact thing you can
measure that and see how far the crown
drops down so what I'll do at this point
once I know that it's 3 and 38 I'll just
put a little Mark at 3 and 38
so that kind of gives me a rough idea of
where the crown molding is going to
fall so I know the crown is going to
stop right there you can see that pencil
line I made and I'm flat against the
wall and flat against the
ceiling so that's definite that for sure
is not going to change so now I can kind
of put this there and hold the crown up
and see about where it needs to be so so
about right there is going to be
perfect so at that point you hold this
piece in place and then remove the crown
and then you can measure
that and I got 3 in there this block
right here is a 3 in it's a 3-in block I
already cut this because I already knew
this setup how it was going to be so I
got these these spacer blocks is all
they are so what I'll do is I'll put one
near the the end of a corner and one
near the end of that corner but I won't
put them like right on the edge just so
I have some room to make adjustments cuz
nothing's ever perfect so I'll just kind
of put these about I would say like 3 in
in from each corner so what I what I
used to do is we'll just use this I got
this sample piece
here well what I used to do was just
take a a spacer block push it up into
place shoot this bottom piece of the
buildup and then pull that out and then
keep reusing it but now what I do I'll
show you what I
do I take my spacer blocks which is that
3 in I just
measured so I know that this bottom part
of the two-piece needs to be right
there
I always check it and make sure I'm good
and that to me is exactly what I want so
I got that out of the way and now what
I'll
do instead of reusing the spacer
block I'll actually just tack it in and
leave it there cuz it's not going to
matter that it's
there so there's this is I just put one
nail that's
it one nail and then I get another
spacer block about 3 or 4 in is away
from the next
Corner One n that's it now these spacer
blocks are nothing to do with support or
anything all they are are spacer blocks
that's it so now I can take my piece of
molding push it all the way up and now
I'm good to go I find that easier than
holding it up and shooting this and then
moving it these spacer blocks are just
pieces of scrap anyways and once they're
in place nobody will ever see them
because the crown is going to cover them
so the spacer blocks really are
irrelevant as far as visual or
structural or anything all they are
there is for spacers that's it so now
that I got that once I put this piece in
around the room I'll go around this
whole room and put these spacer blocks
around every corner and then I'll run
this base up against the spacer blocks
and then from there
the room of crown molding is basically
the exact way you would do any room of
crown
molding so that's to get you
started so I I'll go ahead and do that
I'll go around this whole room and put
spacer blocks everywhere and then we'll
show you what that looks like another
advantage of using these spacer blocks
is you can get more accurate
measurements like you already know how
far it needs to come down so so you can
hold your tape measure up against those
blocks so you can get a more accurate
measurement so now I can actually get my
samples in place to wrap this bullnose
with that
base and if you've seen some of my other
videos I do this sample sampling on just
about everything where I cut the samples
get them in their place and remove the
outside samples leaving the middle
sample the bullnose piece to bring me
two pencil lines that give me
measurements in both
directions and you want to make sure
obviously when you're installing these
blocks that they're as far up as they
will go also what you can do you can get
high up on the
ladder and you know I'm already up to
the ceiling here but you kind of need to
look for dips and waves in the ceiling
you don't want want to put a block on a
dip or a raise in the ceiling you want
to look for the most straight part of
the ceiling that you can fortunately for
us in this bathroom it's pretty straight
for the most
part I went ahead and got these pieces
cut for the section I told you I was
going to do and one thing I'll do before
I glue is make sure I'm good on my my
lines because once you're glue there's
really no going
back so good to go
there and I'll just take my
bullnose and glue this up real quick
another advantage to um using this glue
is that I don't really need a spacer
block here with these two spacer blocks
this will fall exactly where it needs to
fall so I got my joint glued up and now
we're going to install
it and one thing I I do know too since
this is an outside corner here no for
dead sure for a fact there's a stud
right there so I go up one down one I'll
do the same thing on this big part of
the molding see how that molding is
really thick right there with this ultra
light you don't want to shoot into the
thin part cuz you won't get any grab
same thing over
here I know for dead sh there's a stud
in that
corner so right now I'm into the studs
without even stud finding then the rest
of this I just push on it and use my V
pattern same thing with this stuff guys
I'm just going
to push this up into
position
[Music]
and make sure my Corners are
good that's the main thing with this
stuff your Corners need to be good to
go all right so there you have it guys
that's how you can do a two-piece crown
molding buildup that's the way I do it
and and it's work for me and it results
always come out great so hopefully you
learn something from this video just to
summarize it what you want to do is find
out where you want your reveal how much
of a reveal of a baseboard on the
baseboard you want you want to kind of
hold that up in position mark it off and
then get a measurement on your mark and
then that's the the size of the spacer
block that you want to use then you want
to go around and put those spacer blocks
about 3 to four inches away from every
corner then you can put your uh base
molding in and then from there it's just
normal wrapping crown molding the two
things that I would say are most
important when you are doing a two-piece
buildup crown that you want to make sure
that are good every time is that these
miters look like one piece that they're
not skewed off to the side cuz that's
really really unattractive looking and
then um the second most important thing
is that this reveal with the base
molding stays consistent throughout now
you're going to have some variance a
little bit just because none No Ceilings
are perfect but as long as it's not you
know like a quter inch or something you
should be good to go so there you have
it that's how I do two-piece crown
molding installation hopefully you learn
something from this video and we'll see
you next time take
[Music]
care