whether you received a poinsettia as a
gift over the holidays or you want a
houseplant to give you some color in
winter these are easy to care for and
with a little bit of effort you can keep
them for next year too this colorful
part of the pond sassier is not actually
a flower but it's rather a modified leaf
known as a bract
poinsettias are tropical plants so don't
let them get too cold place this plant
in a room with central heating and don't
put up a set on a windowsill because it
does tend to be rather drafty put your
poinsettia in a bright place with
indirect sunlight and don't overwater
this plant
only water it when the soil starts to
dry out if you're giving it too much or
too little water the leaves will let you
know by turning yellow and wilting if
you'd like to keep your poinsettia and
get it to color up again next year
visit the RHS advice page link below for
more tips