everyone welcome to obesity Bangalore
and in today's episode we will be
learning about how to throw dahlias I
will tell you how to take care of this
plant and I will also show you the root
structure of this plant so this is the
tube so since it was constricted in a
smaller pot it couldn't grow way so now
I'm transferring it to a bigger pot so I
haven't yet seen the flowers of this
failure so I would probably see it in
the days coming after I will be potted
so the best thing about this plant is
that it is a Sun loving plant and you
keep it in more Sun the better it is it
will flower really well and the soil
mixture that I have used is around 60%
sand and then I've used to 30% of coco
peat and then 10% of some amount of
compost and garden soil so 5 5 percent
to 5 percent of compost and five percent
of garden soil so that is the mixture
that I'm using here so it is here it
really well
so first always please cover the hole
off the pot with a tile piece or a
broken terracotta pot so you can just
cover the drainage hole and then an
underlying layer of this mixture so you
can see the amount of sand is really
deers love very well-drained soil it
does not like sitting in water
so let's first underly it with some soil
and sand so one more thing that you will
have to remember is that diaz requires
deep because because it's a little
fragile if you see that it is bending
and stuff like that so always use a
stake because it's very important for
support so put the sugar inside so now
you can take off the stake
and did I have another area here so you
can see that these it almost looks like
a tomato plant the soil that you get in
Bangalore is that rich red soil so it is
a little me so always amend it with
first time to make the soil maintain
soil but the net join is considered one
of the best soils for gardening and
Bangalore or Bengaluru is blessed with
that kind of source so you can fertilize
this plant with some banana peel
extracts or bone meal if you want but I
don't generally use and then keep some
amount of it barren so that the water
does not flow out
now you stick this twine just tie it
around the stick so that it does not
fall due to wind and then that is it
folks you need to water it and we need
to keep it in a Blazing Sun position in
it also does well in part shade but then
it does not give out too many flowers or
at least for what I've seen it does not
give flowers in order for you guys to
use it in a place which has full size it
can tolerate really hot Sun and it does
not tolerate going dry so please water
it every day especially during the
summer and you can reduce it and then
for fertilizing again you can use da P
if you want or you can use natural
fertilizers like banana peel which
contains which contains water
phosphorous which helps in boosting the
hormones that requires that the plant
requires the flowers so more questions
on Dahlia please write into India home
gardening at gmail.com and thank you for
watching this episode of urban scape
angle