hey everyone it's James from fun foods
and today I'm going to show you how to
make these homemade Muddy Buddies now
these are simple to make there's no
baking required it's very easy to do and
they're very
good hey guys I'm Chase Rogers and I
just recently started my new YouTube
channel I do vlogs pranks and sometimes
some cool videos on where I travel so
please click the link in the description
below but before that you do that check
out this video by James from fun Foods
see you
but make sure you
subscribe so keep watching and I'll show
you step by step how to make these you
want to start off with four cups of
cheex mix cereal I'm using the chocolate
cheex mix just because I like chocolate
so let's do
that and you just take this and set that
aside next what I have is 2 tbspoon of
butter I'm going to put it in a a bowl I
have A4 a cup of creamy peanut
butter then I have half a cup of
chocolate
chips I'm just simply going to take this
and put it in the microwave and melt it
on high for about 60 seconds until it's
melted
okay when that comes out you just want
to give it a good stir
through make sure all the chocolate
chips are melted
well if it's not all melted you can
always put it back in the microwave for
a few more seconds 15 seconds or so at a
time until they're all
melted okay now what we'll do is we'll
bring in our 4 cups of cheex mix cereal
that we already have in a big bowl and
we'll take our little mixture
here and we'll will pour it over top of
our check mix
cereal okay now you just have to mix
this up really
good make sure all of them are coated
real
well okay next up just take a big Ziploc
bag this is a 1gallon freezer bag Ziploc
bag and you just want to take your
contents uh everything we just mixed up
and put it into the bag you may want to
do it in in phases you can do half and
then half again um makes it easier
sometimes okay once you got them all
into your bag just take one cup of
confectionary sugar it's also called
powdered sugar and put it in your Ziploc
bag
with the covered check
cereal zip it up but let all the air out
of the
bag and then zip it up the rest of the
way this way it makes it a little easier
to work with then you just want to take
it and you want to massage these around
really good until all the little check
cereal is coated with the confessionary
sugar so this is what they look
like tastes pretty good too you can
always add more confection sugar if you
want or less depending on to your taste
so pretty simple to
[Music]
do well thanks everyone for watching to
see how to make these little homemade
money buddies I hope you enjoyed this
video and if you did please hit that
like button also hit that big red
subscribe button if you're not already
subscribed you get new videos every week
also check out some of the videos I have
to the side cuz I think you may enjoy
those as well and until then I'll see
you guys next week