this video is on trying to remove latex
paint from denim
jeans I've got the uh I've got I've
removed most of the paint
yeah this video is going to be on how to
remove latex paint from denim jeans I've
removed probably 80% of the paint off
the pants of these jeans you can see
these little flakes over there most of
that's uh paint that's been removed I
just need to wash it off uh that was
done by using a hot water and a sponge
I've got the stuff soaking in vinegar
but vinegar is definitely not working
it's not dissolving it another option is
you can use isopropyl alcohol rubbing
alcohol or you can use acetone acetone
is pretty dangerous uh lots of bad
things about it even though people use
it to remove nail polish it might remove
the color on the jeans it uh is not good
for your hands it's very bad for your
lungs and can do damage to your body and
your brain so you really don't want to
be messing with acetone so I'm not going
to be able to show this to you but if it
works I'll show you the result so right
now it's soaking in vinegar as I said
and it is not doing a thing so I'm going
to remove it from vinegar wash this off
and then I'm going to pour some
isopropyl or rubbing alcohol on this
just stuff that I bought at the store
I'm not going to be using commercial uh
high grade and we'll see if it works
remember watch all my other videos do a
thumbs up a like or subscribe if you
want to help me out go to my channel
page click on support and pop a few
bucks in the account to help me out
thank you all right time for the
alcohol there you go it didn't work it
barely removed 5 or 10% of it I soaked
it in isopropyl I used a really rough
scrub brush and it did not work so two
things that you see on the internet use
vinegar vinegar does work on paint
brushes it will dissolve but this paint
is dried for about an hour or two and
it's not coming out at all paint thinner
might work I don't know but paint
thinner uh I don't have here so uh all
right that's the video If you get paint
on your pants throw them away and buy a
new pair don't be cheap
cheap I wanted to do a followup on this
I cleaned it with Tide laundry detergent
that helped a little bit but not a lot I
cleaned it with
Purell hand cleaner which has alcohol
isopropyl alcohol rubbing alcohol and
some detergent in there that helped a
little bit I was using a really strong
scrub brush so probably removed maybe
30% more but you can see these jeans are
old but you can see the area is worn
down from scrubbing and putting all the
chemicals on there so you're really not
going to get paint out of there no
matter what people say with all these uh
comments online so I've got a a Sharpie
marker and this is kind of wet right now
but all I'm going to do is I'm going to
wait
until
everything's completely dry I'll put a
little bit of Sharpie on there maybe you
want to put some ink on there but it's
going to come off in the wash later on
so these are just going to be paint
pants these are rued you really can't
get latex paint out of denim especially
once it's dried in there you can see it
it is into the threads now you can see
the individual lines it's in the grooves
of the
material
and it might wear off over time
but go out and buy another pair of pants
and don't be a jerk like me and get
paint on your clothes and you'll be cool
all right peace out homes