hi I'm Phyllis my website is southern
frugal calm and for the last couple of
weeks or maybe longer we have been in
the process of making recipes that
viewers have sent in and this is another
one today and I cannot wait to try this
this comes from Sharon let me say that
right ops to bomb and it's called acre
and squash eight two two two acres
squash pork chop foil Bay sounds good
doesn't it so we've already got our pork
chops there she said to use the one to
dust up off the camera then I don't know
anyway she said to use the one inch
thick pork chops Center cut with bone
now I think not fund any with the bone
y'all so this is what I've got you can
see that I think they're one they are
one inch big so what we're gonna do she
said you'll need a Pisa or two pieces of
heavy-duty foil and you want to want
those pieces to be 12 inches by 18
inches so that's what I've done right
here now I did put a little bit of oil
in the middle of each piece I don't
think I can see there a little bit of
oil in each piece because I certainly
don't want the porkchop to stick to the
foil so we're going to put it right in
the middle
and the next thing that we want are two
pounds of acorn squash you know this was
a pretty big one I guess for an acorn
squash but we're gonna use it anyways
cut it in half now you want to be
careful when you're cutting it where the
stem is cuz that's like wood and you
want to use a serrated knife for that
would make it a lot easier or even a
little saw would work and then of course
clean out the seeds and of course I've
washed it were real good before I did
that
so we're gonna place that right on top
of the pork shot well first of all I've
got this we need to put a little bit of
salt on the pork chops and I'm gonna go
ahead and put just a teeny bit in the
acorn squash
these are acorn squash okay so next she
doesn't say what order to do this in but
the things that we're going to put
inside that each one of these squash
halves is going to be two tablespoons of
butter two tablespoons of brown sugar
and two tablespoons of honey so let's
just do that I'm going to just pour this
I think I can probably guess it with the
honey that's right
- okay she did sandwich order so I'm
just gonna dump it in said been two
tablespoons of brown sugar then using
the dark brown sugar powder well I've
got the oven preheated at 400 degrees
and the next thing she said she added
was cinnamon and a scant shake of nutmeg
now this is coming from her
mother-in-law and she has passed away so
I think Sharon you know would like to
continue recipes from her mother lost
someone doing a couple of shades of the
cinnamon
and then just I'm going to do one shake
of the Nutmeg right now I'm going to top
that with two tablespoons of butter
all right now how to wrap these I'm not
sure let's say she said to wrap them
tight and by the way you want to use
heavy-duty foil
[Music]
so you don't have anything that's got it
I'm so excited about this meal by the
way when I was cutting open the acorn
squash the minute I was able to pop it
up and over snow really good and really
fresh very excited on a small baking
sheet and she said to cover your baking
sheet just in case it leaves and she
says that that mixture inside the acorn
squash is going to bubble out and run
all down on the pork chop so that's what
it looks like
okay good let me make sure I haven't
forgotten anything that three things
were two tablespoons of butter two
tablespoons of brown sugar and two
tablespoons of honey and then she added
her own little touch to that and added
cinnamon couple of shakes of cinnamon
and a scant shake of nutmeg and I don't
think I have forgotten anything anyway I
will post her recipe right down below
I'll just copy the comment and post it
in the description or the show more
section right down below this video I
can
wait for this alright we're gonna get
this in the oven now and it needs to
cook for 1 hour at 400 degrees so we'll
be back when this gets done oh and she
said to make sure you let it stand for
about three minutes before opening
practice is gonna be a lot of steam in
there we'll be back all right we just
took the acorn squash over the pork
chops out of the oven and we're supposed
to let it sit here for about three
minutes before we open it up I can tell
you it smells and wonderful so I'm gonna
get the tea ready real fast get the
plates out and also get the salad out
that I made the jell-o salad
all right we'll be back soon as we know
this up all right it might have been a
little over three minutes soon you have
to wait at least three minutes because
it's probably gonna be a lot of steam
boy that smells so good all right I
think I'm gonna put this on the plate
rather than try to serve it in the
tinfoil although I think you could do
that make sure
say that porkchop oh yeah porkchops very
tender all right we're gonna put this on
the Plex I'm gonna try to leave that a
lot of that liquid in the squash and
kind of put it over on one side all
right let me get it on the place we'll
show you what it looks like
all right y'all here it is on the plate
man does that look delicious this is
still got some of the liquid in there
and there's the pork chop now I did turn
it over on the side that was browned a
little bit the other side doesn't get
browned of course that acorn squash is
sitting on it there's a salad with the
ranch dressing on top and it is
delicious here is not plate and I've
already tasted of a little corner of it
and I wanted that juice in there because
I'm thinking you scrape off a spoonful
and get it all covered in the juice hmm
and that pork chop I have a taste of
that but I'm sure it's divine with those
different spices in there in the brown
sugar and the butter they kind of run
over the top and get on the pork chop
all right oh we got a koete like right
now all right we will see you all next
time bye for now