my crispy garlic and thme potatoes are
such a great side dish I have 1.5 kilo
of new potatoes lengthwise I don't even
bother peeling them I place them in a
large pot and cover with cold water I
add a teaspoon of salt and bring it to a
boil once the mixture is boiling I
reduce the heat to the lowest simmer and
cook the potatoes until they're tender
they'll take about 20 minutes drain them
well
now your potatoes can be prepared ahead
to the stage and kept in the fridge for
up to 24 hours or until they're needed
to finish your potatoes Heat 2 tbsp of
butter and a tablespoon of extra virgin
olive oil in a large fry pan once it's
sizzling add the semi-cooked potatoes
cutsside down cook them over a medium
heat until they're crispy turning them
as they're brown they'll take about 20
minutes just before serving add four
cloves of finely chopped garlic two 2
tsp of chopped thyme leaves and the
finely grated zest of a lemon toss it
all together for about 30 seconds you
want to make sure that you don't burn
the garlic at this point otherwise it's
bitter season it with flaky salt and
pepper and garnish with some extra time
sprigs this is such a great side dish
Crispy Crunchy flavored with garlic
lemon this time potatoes don't come much
better than
this