oh
Welcome to our unblocking drains video
unfortunately this is about as real as
it gets and as you've just seen it's
pretty horrible we're going to try and
clear that and we're going to use a set
of uh drain rods drain rods just screw
together they screw an En normal thread
they go clockwise and it's really
important when you see me roding the
brain you'll see me turning everything
clockwise to make saves time if you put
these in and start turning the antic bar
you can undo the joints and that leaves
half the half the rods in the drain it's
surprising how many people do just that
always wear the protective gear that
I've got on I've got a throwaway boiler
suit on you'll notice that I've put the
legs of the boiler over my riger boots
and I've also put the sleeves of my B
over my gloves a lot of people wear
gloves and they un and they put the
gloves over their sleeves any splashes
run down your hands no point wearing the
gloves mask it's not very pleasant um
and put the attachment this is a this is
called a worm this is a plunger we'll
use the plunger if we need to later on a
lot of people um use the plunger for
pushing obstacles up and down the
plunger is is used as you would a b
plunger move it about inside the P
creative sometimes moves the blockage on
its own
uh the worm this one as you've seen is
pretty badly blocked uh we suspect
there's something in there that that's
going to need extracting or pushing
through so we're going to use the worm
we're going to twist the worm into the
obstruction and either pull it out if we
can or um push it through we'll see how
we go um so first thing to do is
obviously locate the channel and the
pipe okay so having located
the exit we pushing as far as we can go
sensibly and now it's time to put the
mask on and get to
work
[Applause]
if you can hear me we add to the rods as
we
go we want too much sticking out of this
end because it can flap about and it has
been known for people to uh unblock
drains have three or four rods sticking
out of the manhole and smash a window as
they've moved it along
come
[Applause]
keep an eye on the the water level to
see if anything is starting to
move
um I think we've got is slowly very very
slowly dropping at the moment so we'll
keep going for a bit
[Applause]
well we didn't think we were going to be
able to shift it with all the roding um
that we've done that you've just seen um
so so we unded the rods and put the
manhole lid on called the waterboard
they've got a a 4-Hour service to come
out and clear block
drains um and when we went back out uh
about half an hour later the guy said he
was on his way and we lifted the lid and
it had cleared so unfortunately we
didn't get that when you clear a drain
like that and you do manage to shift the
blockage it's actually quite satisfying
uh to to just watch it all disappear
very very very quickly but we didn't
manage to get that on on video we'd
obviously Disturbed the blockage put the
lid on and and it just resolved itself
after the disturbance that we'd given it
through the Rodding but um so we can't
show you the full video but I didn't
want to waste the fact that um it's such
a horrible job I don't want to do it
again um so we didn't want to waste the
video however as you've seen it's clear
uh when the water board guy got here he
put the camera down there and there's a
little bit of a crack in the pipes so
they've actually got to dig it up anyway
to to replace that pipe otherwise um
it's just going to clog up and again un
block but uh that's how you clear a soil
pipe or any other pipe using a drain Rod
um and be careful um get kitted out for
it it's a horrible horrible messy job
but it saves you a fortune if you can do
it
yourself