[Music]
hey Jack scalfani here and you're on the
cooking with Jack show and before we get
started in this special edition of
cooking with Jack for Thanksgiving I
want to talk to you about my sponsors
that's right we have our first sponsors
ever it's called Uh Empire covers.com
now I thought empir covers.com was just
covers like for your barbecue and your
patio furniture but these guys they
cover everything they cover your boat
they cover your car and it's the perfect
time of the year too so I thought what
better sponsor to have for the show than
Empire covers.com because Winter's going
to be here soon we're in fall right now
some of you in the country are starting
to stop barbecue in you're going to want
to cover that barbecue in fact I already
bought my own I paid for it they didn't
give give it to me for free I already
bought my own cover and I'm going to
show you next week uh it'll be here and
it's going to go over my big barbecue in
the back right now let's get into it I'm
going to bring in um Gary you guys
probably remember Gary from uh all about
chicken video where he debone the entire
chicken do you remember that yeah let's
bring him in right now so here's Gary
and uh Gary you are such a lifesaver I
couldn't find anybody who's ever done a
Truckin well today we're going to have
you do a turducken Jack and show you
what a perfect meal this is ESP
especially for a large group of people
because it weighs a lot and it's solid
meat so ex and the great thing about
trucken is every bite you take is going
to be a different flavor you've got the
turkey nuli St uh stuffing you've got uh
the duck bread stuffing and then chicken
so every bite you take is going to be a
different flavor now you were kind
enough to debone the chicken and the
duck and most of the turkey right yes
yeah you you debone all the duck and the
chicken and then you leave the drum drum
stick and the wing on the turkey with
the bone in everything else have your
butcher do it have me do it uh save you
a lot of time and headache oh that's
awesome yeah definitely if you're going
to do a turd ducking you want to make
sure you got a guy like Gary if you live
in the area you can call him up we'll
have his information down below or go to
your local butcher if you don't live in
this area and make sure they can debone
every level okay so we got you took out
everything but the uh the wings and the
drumsticks and the two drumsticks here
your thighs you're going to stuff those
too right yeah nice now andul stuffing
has uh has what in it it's a bread
stuffing just has Uli sausage in with it
oo nice and we're going to do that first
layer right yes oh These are nice These
are nice look I got gloves can you
believe it look we these are the
expensive gloves oh yeah these are the
pricey
gloves la la la okay they've been
seasoned now all right so just start
layering this in yeah and you know just
just make a nice layer this is the all
for this layer yeah if you don't have to
use it all you don't have to use it all
okay okay so now you so the breast is
over here your duck breast here the legs
okay so now got it so make sure the next
layer of the breasts are in this end
since the breasts on the turkey there
kind of kind of like when you're
stacking folders all right so we have
the traditional bread stuffing and make
sure you change all your stuffings you
want different flavors the better uh the
better tasting it will be you want to
make sure that each stuffing is you know
do a if you want to do a cornbread you
can do a nut and fruit one a lot of
veggies in one layer whatever you want
to
do and then alternate your breast put it
on top yes just so we're nice and if a
piece of sausage falls out make sure it
goes back in sausage cannot fall out of
this we stuff this
part it's going to be huge this is going
to be huge okay so now I'm going to
attempt to uh to to sew this up I'm
going to get a little instructions from
Gary and we're going to do the best we
can uh this is the hard part do I do it
as a whole or do I do it as pieces what
we'll do is we'll put
it got it together okay okay you want to
put the first piece through yeah you're
definitely going to need help with this
so you might want to get Mom or Dad to
hold it okay while you pierce it with
the uh watch okay putting the first
thread through so have somebody come in
the kitchen and help you and just hold
the sides of the turkey together as you
can see it's not tied closed yet you
just want to get it started once you get
a starting point that each tie will help
you get the next one in yeah this is you
can buy this in the string at the in any
Supermarket okay so just check it out so
then we'll
just okay I'm going to try the next one
okay so you you got it you got it
through here now you're just going to
pierce through carefully like there yeah
yeah fingers out of the way fingers out
of the way once you come through with
the string you pull the string through
yes this one right pull the string
through this one yeah okay and then pull
it out the other side of the no no no no
I'll pull it out I'll pull it out of the
thread got it you got to get it out of
the needle get it out of the needle okay
now pull it out now pull the needle out
yeah all right I'm going to do the Lazy
Man's way hang on a minute I'm going to
tie it like a shoelace Okay so let's see
if Jack's lazy men way works you never
know but you're still going to need to
pull it together first yes so you tie it
like this if you can't do it like the
butcher's not do it like Jack does and
have somebody put a finger right
there like you're doing a or else just
do another knot so yeah just do another
knot yeah exactly and then have somebody
hold that and come on down there you go
and there so that's the Lazy Man's way
but it still ties still looks beautiful
and then you go to the next so you're
going to do this all the way up and down
the bird okay you're going to come
together with the skin and you're going
to pierce it through okay the last thing
you want to do is flip it
over can I rotate it sure okay you're
going to flip it over you can do one tie
at the bottom there okay and then you're
going to tie these legs together like
that and you are done all right there it
is so now we're going to put this in the
pan and uh we'll look up our cooking
instructions I'll give you that in a
minute all right so we're going to
butter this
too okay so it doesn't stick because if
it's sticks the Bottom's going to tear
out and all your beautiful work is going
to go all over the place so don't worry
about using too much butter make sure
the bottom of your turkey doesn't stick
and do not once again do not use a rack
on this it needs to be laying flat and
you just literally you know my mom she
would olive oil it olive oil Works nice
yeah but butter olive oil anything any
kind of a a fatter a fat outer lay will
be uh great for holding the seasoning on
on all right you can see we're coating
heavily you'd be surprised you could put
heavy seasoning on the outside because
you're only going to get a slice of
this beautiful all right all right off
to the
open see you in four
hours Let's get it on you ready here we
go this is the money shot all right Gary
bring it on over buddy let me get out of
your way here take a look at this Jack
oh my gosh is this look at how beautiful
that is dude how I mean has our mouth
been watering over this for how long
about 4 hours 4 hours we've been
smelling this in the kitchen can you
turn it for me sideways I want you guys
to see the other side of this bad boy
look at that oh it's beautiful we
buttered it we seasoned it we stuffed it
we layered it we stuffed it again
beautiful can we cut into it we're
recording what do you think you want to
go yeah let's do
it
a it's
beautiful oh that's a little slice you
can have that
[Laughter]
one look at that there's your layers of
turkey your ham there's your duck and
your chicken there it is wow wow okay
dude you ready I'm ready all right let's
do
it M got a little bit of the duck in and
duli
wow it's so sweet tasting isn't
it
m oh sorry you still
here well it's Thanksgiving man tastes
like Thanksgiving doesn't it Happy
Thanksgiving it's great Happy
Thanksgiving and then um Ranch hous
meatu guys.com yes right that's right so
if they want to get this ordered you can
take care of them absolutely love to all
right so uh I want to thank Gary for
being on the show Empire covers thank
you for making this Thanksgiving episode
possible if you guys want to get
something at Empire covers.com I got a
discount code just put in jack1 it's
jack10 you got a discount code thanks
you guys have a Happy Thanksgiving you
have a Happy Thanksgiving too Happy
Thanksgiving jackk thank you sir take
care I'll see you on the next
episode oops
little piece of stuffing just came
out I'm going to have to eat
[Music]
that