hi there here's a quick one dedicated to
the folks who look at our Cast Iron
cooking group on Facebook and see
something that offends them to the point
where they have to shout how dare you
something I don't
like we've received complaints about
rabbits squirrels possums Turtle tilapia
deer purple sweet potatoes mushrooms
cooking with cocacola and other
ingredients that aren't natural liver
tongue gizzards and just about any kind
of food that isn't found safe and sound
at a boring Mall food court I could give
some whining sermon about politics which
is really what that all boils down to
but instead I'd like to give a piece of
advice that should be be popular on the
internet but apparently it is not and
that advice is if you don't like it
don't look at
it to prove my point here's a simple and
inexpensive dish of black and tilapia
cooked in a fine xcast iron skillet
there's a long running scare story about
Tilapia from China that frankly I don't
care one bit about however the comments
on this YouTube video are likely to be
very interesting in because there are
folks who insist on warning everyone
about the dangers of everything that
isn't American that isn't completely
natural raw uncooked uh contains no GMOs
and so on and so on and so on go ahead
and do so because that's what YouTube is
for or so you think for those of you who
just want to see some cooking I hope
this suffices it's an easy dish to
prepare and I hope you like
it the hardest part of this dish is
preparing the rub to coat the fish and
even that is extremely simple before
making your preparations place a cast
iron skillet on the stove top range and
heat at medium for 15 minutes you don't
have to go any higher than medium
because cast iron absorbs heat and it
will easily become hot enough to give
the fish a good sear as the skillet is
heating we simply prepare our rub
[Music]
[Music]
like
[Music]
once the fish is coated with spices we
simply heat up some oil in our hot cast
iron pan in this case we're using lard
once it's all hot and smoking we simply
place the fish fillets into the oil and
fry them for 3 minutes on each
side you don't have to move the fish as
it fries just let it rest as it Cooks
this is what will blacken the crust and
give it the flavor we
want
nice and simple and I'm not going to get
cancer from this as far as the politics
are concerned I don't care one bit about
that business politics are argued on
many internet sites and other places and
that's especially why they will not be
tolerated on our cast Iran cooking group
we're here to have fun with cooking not
to argue over politics and so rest
assured that they're your pans and you
can cook anything you want in them and
if it's cooked in cast iron we'd love to
see it on our Facebook group thank you
for
watching
m