today we're making sopaipillas do you
know what those are well if you're not
familiar with them they are a fried
pastry that is nice and crispy on the
outside and nice and moist and tender on
the inside and it's like a little pillow
so it's got this little pocket inside
and so they're traditionally served up
with some honey people pull off the
corner pour in the honey and enjoy and
there's also a little bit of sugar on
there I'm rockin Robin and I'll show you
how to do it right after this we need to
go over our ingredients so let's get
started
we're going to need some white flour
I've got some vegetable oil here we have
some baking powder now make sure you
check the bottom of your can of your
baking powder to make sure that it
hasn't expired because if it has then
chances are it's not going to perform
the way you want it to so check that
we'll also need some water I have some
warm water right here and some salt and
then to top off our sopaipillas we're
going to be using some honey and some
powdered sugar and so here's what we're
going to do first we are going to
combine our salt in with the flour and
the baking powder so we'll toss that in
and we want to give it a stir just to
make sure everything is evenly combined
and mixed you out now we'll take our
warm water which I have right here and
we're going to add a teaspoon of oil to
it now what we're going to do is we're
going to take I'm just going to add the
water and oil mixture
about a tablespoon at a time and I'm
just going to stir stir that in okay and
then once that seems to be mixed in I'm
going to add some more water a little
bit at a time
about a tablespoon and then just stir
after each addition
so just combine all the liquid in there
and your dough is going to be a bit
sticky we want to get all of the flour
mixed into the dough and then you can
use your hands I like to use my hands
and just mix in okay so now we're going
to do is we're going to knead the dough
so grab a little bit of flour and
sprinkle it out on your surface I'm
going to do it right here on this
granite top and take your dough and
start kneading it okay so the way you
need is you push and then you rotate a
quarter turn and you push again and you
just keep rotating gets a little sticky
add a little more flour you're going to
do this for a few minutes until the
dough is not so sticky and it gets nice
and soft and becomes very you know
elastic and smooth so just continue
doing this I'll show you what looks like
when it gets nice and smooth and keep
adding as it gets sticky keep adding a
little bit of flour to your surface so
I've been needing this for a couple of
minutes now and hopefully you can see
it's just much smoother now so I'm going
to go ahead and stop I'm going to place
this back into the bowl and we're going
to let it rest I'm going to cover it
with a damp paper towel and we let it
sit for about 20 minutes this will give
us time to get our oil hot which I'll
show you that in a little bit so while
we're waiting for our dough to rest for
20 minutes or so I've got a pan here I
have a small pan saucepan here with some
oil vegetable oil and and I put it about
to about two inches deep maybe an inch
and a half something like that you want
to have it deep enough so that the sopaipillas will float and it's a good
idea also to have a some kind of
thermometer so you can monitor the
temperature you want this to get up to
about 375 degrees before you place your
your dough into it so I just wanted to
show you that and we'll come back to it
when we're ready to start frying
now it is time to start rolling out our
sopaipillas I'm going to sprinkle a
little bit of flour here on my surface
again got my rolling pin place our dough
fact I'm just going to cut the dough in
half
alright so I got half the dough right
here it's just easier to roll out a
smaller portion of it so I'm going to
roll it out until it's about a quarter
of an inch thick make sure it's not
sticking if it starts to stick this is
starting to stick here pick it up
spread your flour around and do it again
once you get it rolled out grab a knife
and you can cut it and you can really
cut it into any shapes you like I can
just you know I can cut pieces like this
depends on how big you want them if this
is an appetizer then you know you might
want them smaller or like a little
dessert you can make them smaller I'm
going to go ahead and cut it into
eighths traditionally these are cut into
triangles it doesn't really matter guys
you can make hard shapes if you like and
that's it and I'll put these on a plate
I'll take them over to the stove and we
will fried okay we're ready to start
frying so grab one of your sopapilla
this is a dough I know my oil is hot
because I checked it the temperature it
was like 375 we're going to lay that in
now be really careful guys you can see
that the dough sunk to the bottom and
then it came up what you want to do is
take a spoon and kind of drizzle the oil
over the top you see how that puffed up
that's what's going to make it puff up
and turn into like a little pillow oops
didn't even turn it over but it
it okay so we let that cook until it's
golden-brown and then we'll we'll
continue on
I've got enough room in there I can do
another one again it goes to the bottom
and get a spoon of some sort and make
sure that you pour the oil over the top
that's what makes it puff up
it's very pillowy right there that one's
nice and golden it just takes a little
while you're going to adjust your heat
you know if you have your thermometer
you can keep track of it because as you
add the dough it's going to make the
temperature drop a little bit so I'm
going to be turning mine up just a
little bit to kind of try and keep it
where it needs to be at 375 now next to
me here let me show you I have I have a
pan sitting next to me here with a rack
on it you can just use paper towels just
something to set these out on so that
they can drain it's close just set it
right on there to cool and that's pretty
much it so I'll continue to cook these
up and we'll show you our next step
after I'm done now that we've got all of
our sopapillas is made and they're
cooling here I like to take a strainer
like this I filled it with some powdered
sugar and then you just tap it right
over the sopaipillas and they look like
a dusting of snow they're beautiful and
if you don't want the sugar you don't
have to have it of course you could do
the cinnamon sugar mixture that I talked
about earlier and I have some honey here
that I've heated up because mine tins
moves raw honey and it tends to get
crystallized so I had to heat it up so
basically what people do is they take a
sopapilla and they will tear off a
corner like this I can do it recently
and inside is a nice pocket and so then
they'll take their their honey and just
drizzle a little bit inside and that's
how they eat it smells incredibly good
all right so thanks for watching guys I
hope you enjoyed this video I hope
you'll try making soap appeals and again
like I said you can make bigger ones and
you could put beans in there with some
cheese that would be very delicious very
savory or anything you know
ground beef lettuce I mean you can make
like a little sandwich out of it it's
very very good so thanks for watching be
sure and subscribe to my channel and
thank you for sharing when you do that I
do appreciate it so take care and we'll
see you next time