our timber seal range includes two great
products timber seal PS and timber seal
CV timber sue is a low viscosity wood
penetration primer it's solvent free
epoxy base and is primarily used as a
primer under other coatings it can also
be used in restoration of old timber or
a new construction as a pretreatment for
epoxy glue joints its benefits include
being low viscosity and slow curing
which allowed deep penetration into the
wood the natural oil in the hardener
provides flexibility and compatibility
with the timber it boasts excellent
adhesion far better than conventional
primers to muscle CV on the other hand
is a high build waterproof epoxy varnish
it's crystal clear and solvent free
containing special additives which
greatly improve its adhesion and water
resistance it's UV resistant is also
exceptional timber sealed cv is flexible
tough and durable it rapidly develops a
thick cured coating these two products
are incredibly cost effective neither
being any more expensive than most
lesser products for more information or
to place an order please visit our
website