hello everyone I hope you're doing great
today we are making vegan pancakes and
I'm so excited for everyone who has been
participating in the challenge if you
have not participated yet you can do so
by subscribing to my website raa.com and
I'm also giving away an iPhone and also
a GoPro Hero 5 so you definitely want to
check that out I will leave all the
information in the description of this
video okay so the other day in my other
channel raana Vlogs I did a vegan
pancake recipe but my vegan pancake
turned out like horrible seriously like
they were just like mush so today I've
perfected the recipe and I brought you
fluffy delicious tasty sweet easy to
make vegan pancakes so ready let's get
started okay so for the recipe first
we're going to need our oat flour and
the first thing you're going to do is
you're going to blend up in your Vitamix
blender if you want to buy the Vitamix
blender I'll leave the link in the
description of this video too and you
are first going to blend a cup and 1/4
of Oats steel cut oats you're going to
blend it until you make it into a flour
kind of
thing then you're going to add half a
cup of almond milk one banana 1 teaspoon
of baking powder half a teaspoon of
vanilla powder but you can also use
vanilla extract and around 2 tablespoon
of coconut nectar this is what I'm going
to use to sweeten up my pancakes but you
can use dates whatever you please pleas
you just put all these things in the
blender ready let's do
this actually you're going to need A4
cup more of almond milk so you blend it
all up really well so as you can see
it's ready and it
smells Divine so now that it's ready you
just get your pan turn up the heat and
I'm going to put an e/ of a teaspoon of
coconut oil just so that the pancakes
won't stick to the pan but if you want
to do them oilfree you more than welcome
to do so so now you just make our
pancakes so I'm going to use some
chocolate chips and these are made from
rice milk but you can also use caca nibs
if you want and then in the other one
I'm going to do blueberries because
honestly who doesn't love blueberry
pancakes after 3 minutes you flip them
over and you let them cook for another 3
minutes then they're ready
[Music]
so now it's the fun part decorating and
eating so I'm going to decorate them
with some strawberries some berries
chocolate chips and coconut nectar if
you want to use honey or maple syrup or
agave whatever it is that you want to
use use whatever you want okay and then
of course to top it off a little bit of
coconut to make it look look even
prettier so as you can see here we have
our beautiful delicious yummy amazing
pancake and I can't wait to try them
let's do this oh my
goodness
yum look how good this looks okay
[Music]
hello wow wow wow wow seriously they're
amazing like bomb like really really
really really good seriously so good I
really hope you guys try this recipe if
you guys try it please upload your
pictures to Instagram using the #
raavana recipe and the other hash
raavana challenge 2016 so now I'm just
going to go and eat this if you guys
like this video please give it a thumbs
up you guys help me so much you guys
help this channel out so much with a
thumbs up and subscribe here to my
channel if you have not subscribed
subscribe to v.com for a free food
combining chart I'm coming out with a
new ebook January 2017 so if you guys
want this recipe in the ebook please let
me know in the comments below and you
can also find me on Instagram Snapchat
Facebook Twitter and Pinterest all at
raon now okay I'll see you in the next
video
bye