alright let's pull this to the side we
could pick any fish we want Nick got
your fish brother what is going on girls
welcome back to another video here today
Nick it is matter of fact Nick what are
we doing today you talk like you're a
teacher so today we're gonna talk
normally him Nick without further ado I
think we should we should go by the tank
take a little minute I'll catch you on
the flip all right let's pull this to
the side we're gonna need this one so
let's pull out to the side Nick you can
get up now Nick Nick Nick come on let's
go in pick out our food I don't think we
need the big one no we do need the big
one yeah I use aquascape fish flakes
this is not something to use on the on
the regular but I'm just gonna get it
for this video because everything is
goldfish themed and we need it
alright Nick we got the tank we got the
fish food now we need plants so once
again do your thing Nick yeah we'll do
the zoo and then we're gonna do this
that you think yeah that'll look really
cool yeah how much is that holy moly
dude it's two rocks we can go out back
and get two rocks in 40 seconds drill a
hole through your angus we're getting it
thank you
is this your favorite part about filming
these videos I'm just curious it looks
like you enjoy yourself when we do this
no no alligator Nick
Tiger rock $5 up so we just got the book
of numbers and fish we could pick any
fish we want we got to pay for it but
still pick any fish we want so they can
order it and we'll have it next Thursday
so what are we gonna get Nick oh we're
gonna we got to pick something out of
different
hold this put all the goodies down let's
see what we can do here a watermelon
crab dude Oscars oh you know the Oscars
oh yeah mediums who Deadpool there it is
yes tadpole I'm so getting one of these
get like seven of them oh my gosh you
can order I do we can order anything you
want right now not that I'm going to I
really do want these tadpoles Oh for
someone oh my look at that
yep Platinum we got peacock best $14
right there do they have flower boys oh
of course
learn to be somewhere in here got the
goods 130 bucks later Nick we got the
goods chillin
it's a bit heavy but we're going to
Nick's house now to set this sucker up
and I can't see a thing
alright alright so we just got the tank
box open itself we can pull the tank out
now as you can tell
little tank comes with eight five to ten
gallon filter which we'll be using as
well and like a little supply pack so
you can see the LED light that comes
with decoy nightmare blue jet flakes are
right there so Nick the goldfish leaks
were not necessary but anyway
the top of their firm right there pull
it off and perfect lit spicy Nick it is
now officially your time to shine
yes sir rocks and you got to design the
tank I spent $16 on two rocks that we
easily could have found outside that's
for sure but hey that's whatever it's
gonna be worth it
next we got plants we got rocks
literally Rock then we got black gravel
for the bottom of the aquarium
Thanks got the technique here cut the
top a little bit just like that and let
the water drain out this is how you
rinse your rocks the easy way as you can
see after putting water from the top
it's draining at the bottom of the bag
which means the gravel getting cleaned
black Frost is the grapple color and it
fit perfectly just the perfect right
amount and it's not even the big bag all
right here go the sixteen dollar pieces
of rock here with holes in them these
are way worth the money just to let
everyone know I totally suggest buying
these feet and totally not now but I'm
kidding they are really cool though and
Nick's gonna place them exactly how
they're actually pictured on the box
here so on the goldfish aquarium box you
can see they have those exact rocks
that's really the only reason why we
bought them all right so it's gonna be
really simple looking the tanks style is
gonna be very moderate and simple now
the plants come in these plants are
really realistic looking too by the way
I get filly these ones would look really
good once the water fills up I guess
we'll find out all right Nick time to
fill up with water here we go okay hey
just reaches dude and literally just
reaches would you just look at it
the extendo from the sink into the
aquarium which is a
fill it up so uh how much roll it so
there's that now the fish thing is that
like the top looking good it looks
pretty good to be honest and if you're
wondering where Nick's house right now
I forgot to let you know that we were
putting this tank at Nick's house but
look at this
so besides the background because I wish
read like a black background I could put
this here just just kind of show you
once you get the dechlorinator in there
all of that water is instantly
dechlorinated getting the filter on now
this is this okay I was going to say
there's got to be a small yes you thank
you yes Nick is a graded decorating
things so I have pigs and Nick has a dog
that he likes to call pig yes it's once
ready get close
all right the filter is now in just
gonna undo these both of these and then
we can start plugging this in oh gosh
Nick there it goes filters on get the
top on and
[Music]
dude that's gnarly Nick hello we got the
plant corn coming out of there but right
there's like a silver tint to all these
gravel on the bottom all this gravel
it's insane but anyway I mean look at
that
filters moving tank looks amazing now I
got to do is wait and then we can go
back and get a fish
all right props to the goldfish aquarium
goldfish themed everything even the food
alrighty we were heading to Nick's house
once again to get the fish into the
aquarium I just went to the pet store
and I didn't feel much I just filmed her
picking out that goldfish that I chose
and it's really cool and it's a really
cool colors on it but I've got two here
next to me and we're all the way back
the next and we're gonna get it into the
goldfish aquarium here at the brothers
household Nick got your fish brother Hey
well you doing all right you ready yeah
let me know if you like him he's not
bingo cuz he's not fully Orange
but he's got white on him and he's
pretty dope lingo lingo we got all sorts
of INGOs let's get the light on in here
one of the plants came out Nick but oh
oh oh just got the top wet all right
here we go there he is
what a beaut what a beaut alright I
guess we're gonna let him acclimate
right yeah throw just a little bit
fifteen minutes he's gonna look so cool
in this aquarium dude like unreal oh
yeah great opening Wow okay ah alright
so you just get your hand wet which
still then not take the slime coat off
boom get our goldfish and
[Music]
Oh
goldfish inside our goldfish aquarium I
hate this camera is the reason why I
film with the bigger camera come on
so Nick what are your final thoughts on
this tank final thoughts are two
beautiful goldfish man
everything is goldfish themed so we have
the goldfish the goldfish tank and then
everything they had on the front of the
tank we just bought to kind of like but
that's not the front but did kind of
like copy what they had our goldfish is
just chilling and yeah good to go Nick
[Music]
so you guys were asking what we're gonna
name our side neck turtle which is in
the pond and then of course our
softshell turtle which is our new one
the soft shells name is Pinocchio I saw
a ton of comments and I apologize if I
don't have yours up on the screen right
now there was hundreds thousands of
comments and ochio and a lot of them had
a lot of likes so those on the screen
congratulations and you just come into
Pinocchio in general congratulations
that is our soft-shells name today's
positive comment shout-out goes out to
Daniel great videos Paul I really love
watching you and it's got sixty likes
that's one of the most liked I think
positive comment shoutouts thus far
thank you all for being here thanks for
watching via haven't nuts already join
the family keep the subscribe button
don't miss out on any of these videos
every other day a floats it's a crime
but it's a blast and I love doing it so
be sure just hit that subscribe button
it's free right down there below all my