hello friends good morning to my channel
maybe some gardening in on and today I'm
going to share with you how to grow and
kale
gobo Daisy order beta this is my
previously groans Oh Vera as you can see
here and they're doing fine absolutely
fine and growing very well so let's get
started here as you can see this is my
60 percent of garden soil and this is my
homemade compost you can freely use it
because it's totally harmless and I have
two plants these are my gerber daisies I
have separated them this is mother plant
as you can see and this is the next new
grown plant from the roots and I have
separated and I have cutted all the
extra growth of the root from your as
you can see from here I have trimmed all
the roots now let's mix the potting soil
okay now this is the plot I have blocked
the hole with an old piece of cloth so
that the dirt should not be washed out
not the base of the pot you can see here
I have some cotton oil seeds Kate it
works as in slow release fertilizer so I
will put it here a bit
now our planting we should always keep
in mind that when the roots are grown
they need much fertilizer so first of
all put cotton seed oil kit than your
homemade compost after layering it put
your garden soil I'll take care of it
followed by a good heap of your compost
if you don't don't have homemade compost
you can use for me compost as well and
it should be at least one to two inches
now it's done make a hole in the center
and while planting your daisies always
keep in mind that the crown this is
called the crown it should always be at
the uppermost portion of the soil it
should not be covered okay now we have
planted it and we covered this with a
garden saw
okay now it's fully covered
ensure the plant is well pleased so that
after watering it should not fell down
okay
now after planting this or repotting
keep it in shade for about a week so
that the root may get stablished and
since we have added homemade compost so
no need to fertilize off fertilize it
for about 15 days after that you can add
fertilizer
now hold the leaves with one hand and
gently water it from the sides and if
you think the sand is bit sinking you
can add more of the garden soil as I can
see here it need a bit more garden soil
so
and
not properly settled so it's done so
thank you friends for watching I hope
you liked the video please give a big
thumbs up do like share and subscribe my
channel thanks for watching happy
gardening