hey guys it's May here welcome to my
channel it's Saturday morning today and
today I'm going to show you guys how to
make a hoe but before anything else I
would like to say thank you to our new
subscribers guys welcome to our channel
and hopefully you guys will enjoy while
you are in our channel so anyhow welcome
everyone my name is Mae and I do cooking
101 most of the time and sometimes I do
daily vlogs here and there
I guess mr I haven't done ASMR for such
a long time but I'm going to do it one
of these days anyhow as I was saying
today we're going to make a whole
[Music]
all right so for our ingredients for
taco we have here some tofu and then we
have tapioca pearl sorry step it up
there you go guys and also we got the
hook we have our brown sugar the hoe is
very famous back home it's one of a very
affordable breakfast for 15 pesos which
is only like 50 cents in our money here
in Canada you can have a decent
breakfast it's very filling and it will
sustain you for at least five hours if
you guys are not doing a heavy job or
you know if you only work in the office
it will sustain you more every time I go
back home that's one of my favorite
thing to do is buy the whole and I
always have this mug with me for this
one the guy who usually sells the hoe he
charged me for $25 for this I mean 25
pesos but he always put extra extra on a
bun which is the brown sugar and the
stucco which is the tapioca pearl so I
always pay him like 30 pesos Filipinos
Navajo and for those of you guys who
have never been anywhere in Asia after
it's very common in Asia but it's just
in a different name you guys can do this
in your own home so I'm going to show
you guys step by step on what to do okay
so stick with me watch this video until
the end and hopefully you guys will like
this alright so let's start cooking okay
friends the first thing that we need to
do is we're going to boil some water for
our tapioca okay so we're going to wait
for that water to boil and we're going
to put our tapioca okay friends our
water is boiling we're going to put half
half of this bag of tapioca okay
which is okay friends I put our tapioca
pearls we're going to boil this one for
15 minutes once you put it in just leave
it okay don't keep mixing it because
sometimes they dissolve and they go in
they they go into a kind of like a
sticky glue so just leave that the way
it is okay and like I said we're going
to boil it for 15 minutes on a separate
pot we have our water boiling and this
is for the brown sugar the water is 1
and 1/2 cup of water and we're going to
put half a cup of brown sugar and this
will be our our nibble okay I already
put our brown sugar so all we have to do
is we're just going to keep mixing this
one until the brown sugar dissolve with
the water and this will be our the sauce
for the circle okay
so I'll see you guys in a bit our
tapioca over there is already boiling
like really fine so I'll show you guys
the next step
so friends this is our Annabelle and I
have the tofu here right now I'm boiling
some water and we're just going to put
the water inside the bowl to warm up
that tofu okay and over here
our topic of pearls they're not cook yet
so but it's it's almost almost cooked so
I'll I'll show you guys the next step
okay okay friends our hot water is done
we're going to put the hot water here
okay we're going to warm up that awful
there all right so we're gonna leave
that one for like around five minutes
enough for it to get warm and then we're
going to make our Tahoe alright okay
guys I lowered my tripod so you guys
can't see how I'm going to do that aha
okay so this is our irony bun or the
sugar my dad is watching the news from
back home so I apologize you guys
and this is our tapioca pearls I tried
my best to cook this tapioca but still
there's like you know little white stuff
in the middle but I think this is good
enough Hey
all right so this is our tofu here and
I'm gonna show you guys what to do okay
I have my plastic cups here so that it
will be like the same as like back home
so I bought this one yesterday as well
so you know just to make make it really
you know so this is our tofu so all we
have to do if you guys have a scoop like
this this comes with the rice cooker
when we bought the rice cooker and this
is I think the best thing to use because
it has a very thin I think this is the
best thing to use because it's not thick
and what we're going to do is we're
going to scoop the we're going to scoop
the tofu in a very fine
very thin layer like this see it's very
thin so that's what we're going to do so
we're going to put this here don't put a
water okay we just need the meat we only
soak the tofu in hot water so that the
talking will be warm
thanks and then we're going to put the
tiny bow I think I put too much it's all
right okay and then we're going to put a
little bit more of this
and we're going to put thee
tapioca pearl and then a little bit of
our more tofu this is a very very
healthy breakfast you guys this is the
best way I can bring the whole here at
home you know especially when you crave
all right and we're going to put out
we're going to put a little bit of
anyone again and we're going to put the
tapioca on top there so this is your
struggle I mean so this is your tahoe
you guys let's add a little bit more
tapioca and a little bit more of me
[Music]
all right so let's make another one
so we feel this again I hope you guys
will try this recipe to puke
[Music]
[Music]
and anyone and we're going to put
tapioca
there then a little bit more on top
there so this is it hot you guys very
easy very healthy and here put it up so
like I'm saying this is very healthy
easy to do and I know you guys can do it
okay
so if you guys like this video please
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
also if you haven't subscribe on my
channel yet please don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to click the
notification bell and like comment and
share
anyhow thank you guys for watching and I
hope you guys learned something from me
today have a blessed day everyone and
have a best weekend see you guys later