hey everybody welcome back to it's only
food with Chef John palete today we are
making cucumber sandwiches cue the music
[Music]
well hey everybody I am John Polly and
you are watching it's only food if this
is your first time watching this channel
or if you just want to learn how to
continue to make awesome food or maybe
even learn how to start your own Cooking
Channel right here on YouTube then do
yourself a favor and click on that
little subscribe button in the corner
and then hit that little notification
Bell to be notified each and every time
I upload new content all right well you
clicked on this video to watch me show
you how to make a cucumber sandwich this
is not your normal everyday cucumber
sandwich this has got a little bit of a
bite to it and some extra ingredients so
let's head into the kitchen and check
out what those are we of course have our
bread I'm gonna use rye and I'm going to
use just a wheat bread then we have our
filling which is cream cheese Dijon
mustard I've got some pepper flakes and
some dill and then of course our
fillings which is going to be ham radish
and some sliced cucumbers so let's get
in there and start doing our prep all
right well I've got started here with
the 8 ounces of cream cheese you might
want to let it soften up a little bit it
will be easier to blend with your other
ingredients I am going to put about 1/2
of a teaspoon of Dijon mustard in there
and about 1 teaspoon of the pepper
flakes
remember the sandwich is gonna have some
bite to it and of course the dill you
can use fresh dill I didn't add that to
my girl for this so we're just using the
stuff from the cupboard an equal amount
about a teaspoon of the dill I am just
going to incorporate all this together
and blend it up you can buy the whipped
cream cheese that I know they have in
the stores too might be a little bit
easier
finish this up get it all mixed up and
we will proceed to the next step
all right I have got the cream cheese
all blended I'm just going to set this
aside I'm not going to put it in the
refrigerator because I want to be able
to spread it onto my bread we're gonna
go on to the next step which is slicing
up our fillings alright our fillings are
gonna be of course the ham which is
already sliced you can buy your own and
slice your own if you'd like to I've got
a radish
you got a cucumber now I debated with
myself if I wanted to peel the cucumber
and of course the radish but you know
what I think for presentation wise as
you'll see later leaving the peel on or
the skin will actually add a little bit
of color contrast in there that I think
will work out fine and the cucumber will
hold better I'm just gonna go ahead and
cut and wash these vegetables it's gonna
slice these great thin same thing with a
cucumber then just slice enough for
whatever amount of sandwiches you're
making and what you think would be a
good amount for the middle of your
sandwich I'm only making two sandwiches
so this should be just about right all
right and under the production of these
sandwiches I'm gonna put a little cream
cheese on the bottom on the first piece
then I'm going to put cucumber then
we're going to put our radish in there
now this might slide around a little bit
but since we're gonna be doing our next
step which is taking our second piece of
bread and covering it with cream cheese
putting it face down so the cream cheese
touches our ingredients on that first
layer then we put the same with the Rye
and then you just want to make sure you
cover it this way is your look cause
you're going to put that ham on there
and then of course the top then you can
kinda just smash these a little bit so
everything kind of incorporates together
in the layers and that will keep it from
sliding around our sandwiches are now
three layers best practices here would
be to wrap each sandwich individually in
plastic wrap and throw it into the
refrigerator for a couple hours so it
all sets together I'm not gonna do that
in this video but I do recommend it what
I'm going to do now is I'm going to cut
the crusts off turn them into little
tiny sandwiches throw them on a plate
take a lot of pictures of that presented
plate with some groovy music underneath
on the fine line and then we're going to
come back and show you what it looks
like and give them a taste
[Music]
all right why I've got one of the
sandwiches right here let's go ahead and
put the camera up on a tripod and we'll
give this a taste all right I've got the
sandwich here hopefully gets a nice
close-up of that one got all the layers
in there layers of flavor I would highly
recommend wrapping it and letting it sit
refrigerator for a while before you cut
it it makes all the layers together
better and it doesn't pull off with your
knife use a bread knife or a serrated
edge knife and let the knife do the work
as you cut through the crusts and you'll
get a nice beautiful sandwich like this
all right well here goes the bite oh
that's good that cream cheese you taste
the heat from that little pepper flake
in there and the dill goes well with the
Dijon mustard in the ham and then you
get a bite from that radish - it's got
textures in there the creaminess of the
cream cheese and then the crunch of the
cucumber in the rush this isn't your
typical little tea party cucumber finger
sandwich that you serve with delicate
than other appetizers this got a little
full flavor a little bit different but
it's good oh there it is I can taste
that a little pepper flake now go ahead
and try this out I hope you like it all
right well thanks so much for watching
me I really really appreciate it don't
forget to go down to my description box
and check out all those awesome links
that I've got down there I've got one
for my seasoning I have an Etsy store
where I sell all my wonderful gourmet
seasonings and then also make sure you
stock me on social media all those links
are also provided down in the
description box don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already go
ahead and like this video leave all your
comments right down below and then make
sure you share this video with everybody
everybody that you know take care and
we'll see you again right here on it's
only food with Chef John Polly bye bye
[Music]