to make this gel take two cups of water
and add about 1/2 bowl of flax seeds to
it on low medium flame
bring it to a boil stirring flax seed
often with preferably a wooden spoon
continue stirring while it simmers turn
off the heat when a white frothy
gel-like liquid forms it will have a raw
egg white consistency after you turn off
the flame let it cool down for some time
then squeeze out the gel using a clean
and thin cotton cloth you can use as
much gel as for the length of your hair
and place the rest of the gel in an
airtight container for up to one month
in the refrigerator
now take about 4 to 5 teaspoons of
flaxseed gel and add few drops of
coconut oil mix them together and with
help of a clean cotton ball apply the
gel on your scalp gently massage the
scalp and also apply it on your hair
from roots to tips leave it on for about
30 minutes then wash off with mild
shampoo flax seeds are a rich source of
omega-3 fatty acids these are essential
for healthy hair growth they nourish the
follicles and hair shafts making them
stronger and less prone to damage this
also ensures that the new growth is
strong and healthy omega-3 fatty acids
help improve hair elasticity flax seeds
help condition your hair making it
smooth and manageable it helps bind
moisture to the hair shaft controlling
issues like breakage split ends dryness
and frizz the regular use or even
ingestion of flax seeds prevents issues
like acute hair loss scalp eczema and
dandruff flax seeds are a great source
of both soluble and insoluble fibers
apart from using it as a topical
treatment consuming the seeds can also
greatly benefit you in terms
hair-growth flax seeds are a great
source of vitamin E it is one of the
best vitamins you could use for hair
growth because of its strong antioxidant
properties which prevent hair and scope
damage it helps improve the efficiency
of capillaries boosting blood
circulation vitamin E is also helpful
when it comes to preventing premature
greying flax seeds help balance pH
levels and oil production these are two
factors that directly affect the rate at
which your hair grows and it's helped
flax seed soothe the scalp and help calm
the sebaceous glands so they produce the
right amount of oil for healthy hair
growth there are no shortcuts when it
comes to growing your hair but you can
speed up the process and ensure that
your hair grows out healthy with these
remedies I hope you liked the video if
you liked this video then give it a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
thank you for watching