hello beautiful people thank you so much
for joining me today and for watching
this tutorial my name is Tomy and thank
you so much for coming down to Tomy col
Pavilion
so I have this beer here
and I am just one second away from
applying it on my face like I have to
open it right now and pour it down my
hair do you get I remember there was one
video I did where I spoke about how I
use Coca-Cola to wash my hair in fact
that is like my most commented video of
all time because people were like no
it's not good why will you do that that
that that so many things people said so
many things even racist comments like
because I am black I think black I don't
want to go that out at all I don't want
to go that out but the only thing I even
said somebody made a very reasonable
comment and person was like did you guys
really even watch the videos she was
doing it as a joke guys she even said
she was not going to recommend it for me
I'm very adventurous I tried so many
things with my hair me even doing this
natural hair I actually transitioned
over a year ago and because it was a
trend I just wanted to know what it felt
like funny enough I've always had
natural hair for a long time like my mom
refused me to relax my hair or to
retouch my hair after some time
she just like just do it that kind of
thing and so when I saw girls going back
to natural hair I was like can you
imagine me that I was fighting to
retouch my hair and now the world is not
going this other way but that's not even
the point yet so I just did that cook
rins like just for fun I was like let me
try it on my hair but I won't advise it
they said it makes the hair quily I
might not advise it I'm very adventurous
me even having my natural hair as this
is me trying out an adventure I wanted
to see how it was going to the major
thing I wanted to do was to tint my
natural hair that was majorly the reason
why I grew out my natural hair like
seriously I just I love the way when
people color their hair like when they
have the gold or the wine highlights
that was all that was just all what I
was looking for and I wanted my hair to
be more healthy that's just it I was not
in the mood for all the okay natural
hair treatments do this do this but
after some time I actually now fell in
love with it I was looking for how to BR
the hair actually and it has grown to
this point it's really shrunk now
because I washed it like some hours ago
so it's really really shun now but in
normal day it gets all over in the place
so that was for my Coke treatment it was
just like an adventure I'm very very
adventurous I try so many things and in
fact you guys have not seen anything yet
I'm coming up with a lot of other things
because I research a lot and I found out
that there are so many products that we
tend to overlook that actually work
wonders and because I research I'm also
careful on what goes in my hair some
people abused me or they made comments
for me using cook but I was like come on
you guys you use soda or you drink soda
which one is better I actually don't
drink soda so much not because I don't
like it I actually love it but because
of my weight it tends to make me gain
with very fast so I had to stop it as
well as other FY drinks that's like the
only reason I don't drink but people
consume so and you complaining that
somebody put it in a hair
like which one is better in your tummy
or in your hair but that's left for
every other person but for this beer if
I drift away from the subject from the
topic of discussion my very close friend
swore by this method that if you're
trying to transition your hair from
pered to Natural you should try the beer
rings that it will make your hair
transition in no time like it start
turning into natural I've never done it
I actually would have done it not
because people criticized me from my
previous video but because I'm really
not transitioning anything by the time I
do it people be like okay so what's the
CA and effect it's the same and it's
still the same so but I want to know
those who have tried it have you ever
heard about this treatment that if you
rinse your hair with stout or with beer
it will turn it from permed to Natural I
really want to know my friend said she
tried it and that was one of the things
that helped her hair I was like oh
really I was not I transition and the
transitioning process was not so easy on
me it was extremely painful I had to use
a lot of product that's where my
research started from what to use what
not to use and all that so I want to
know if people have really tried it but
apart from it transitioning your hair
very well from PR to Natural this is one
thing I also knew from a people some
people say that it's not good to apply
beer in your hair some people say it is
good be actually contains a lot of
vitamins that can help your hair grow so
this is for Real in case you're looking
for your hair to
grow you should do this and I'm really
really really serious right now because
it contains Hops and it also balances
the pH of your hair of of your scalp so
that you don't have very dry scalp and
at the same time it's just average it's
just the beer is very good it has
vitamins like the Hops it has vitamin C
too as well so it really really helps to
balance your hair bear also stimulates
blood circulation to the scalp so it
stimulates a growth by time blood
circulation is in the right places to
stimulate the required roots that you're
looking for so and beer are set to
repair damaged hair because it also has
vitamin B the proteins in it are set to
damaged air so maybe that's why it can
help those that withm hair that are been
that have been proven to be damaged so
just in case you have per hair that has
been damaged and you're trying all the
chemicals and they're not working maybe
you should try beer let me know if it
works for you if it just work for you
Fant
it's also believed that the sucrose and
molos in beer help to tighten the hair
follicles so and with this it adds
enough shine to your hair so what else
are you looking for like I said before
it helps to condition your hair so that
it's not too holy is not to dry at the
same time people like to moisturize
their hair very well but at the same
time when you have too much oil in your
hair it actually can even cause D drug
at the same time when you want to
moisturize your hair you will need your
hair to be well moisturized too much of
O liid can be damaging and at the same
time you know how well dry hair can also
be so beer adding beer to your hair kind
of like just balances that page you need
the balance of here or there so beer is
like the perfect guy in the middle that
makes your hair stay on point so are you
going to try the beer rings are you
going to rinse your hair with beer this
is what I know if you want to try it
just open this bottle a small bottle or
a big bottle whichever you have in your
house whichever you can buy and just
pour a little your hair very well maybe
for about 15 minutes then use a mild
shampoo to wash afterwards I believe it
is going to work for you if it works for
you kindly let me know I really hope it
works but I won be trying the be
treatment today but I have many other
things I'm going to be trying out you
really don't want to know what I'm going
to be using I have a lot of things I
have tried it before and I saw the magic
in it and that was even before I started
creating this videos and my mom was like
why don't you even share this and I was
like why didn't it didn't even occord to
me
I have to share this guys I really have
to there some weird things I put in my
hair you don't want to know just
subscribe to see the kind of things I'm
going to be coming up with I'm tempted
to even reveal some of them to you and
I'm sure some people be like is she for
real like you really did apply that in
your hair yes I'm my hair is still
staying strong so guys thank you so much
for watching this video If you enjoyed
it if you're going to try the beer Rings
the beer treatments is it called beer or
Scout I actually don't drink and I have
this bottle so so whoever wants it
please just holder at me and I'll send
it across to you okay thank you so much
for watching my video I love you guys
without you guys I wouldn't be here and
hope to see you next time so if you've
not subscribed yet to my channel this is
the right time for you to subscribe so
that so that you don't miss out those
very interesting things I'm going to be
sending you away
this my goodness people that know me
know that I have done all sorts of this
air I'm coming down to you and
it's so I'll see you next time guys you
have a beautiful time love you
bye