well we got some peacock eggs and they
didn't hatch so let's see what's inside
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good morning dan mullen all right we
were out here getting ready to feed the
chickens let them out so I'm just
getting their feed according to their
bowls
[Music]
whoa a lot of craziness going on this
morning that duck was chasing around the
chicken and there was really no purpose
to that they're both female I don't know
why they were fighting oh look here
they're over here fighting me going why
are you letting her beat you up man
she was a sitting there taking a beating
from that duck all right so I don't know
what's going on there the male duck is
hanging out by her butt don't know if
she was taking the nesting box up she's
been a broody hen so I don't know if
she's taking the nesting box up that the
duck wants to use I don't know second
issue we just had a turkey fly out you
ride just charged at it and it hopped
over the fence I've got to come down
here I've got a clip some wings so these
big blue sight turkeys not sure if I'd
ever clip their wings before but we're
getting pretty huge and they can very
easily hop over the fence which I don't
want them to do I like to do it over
here by the compost pile because then I
don't have to go pick up all the
feathers I can just let them drop right
here tricky part of doing this is that
I've only got two hands I've got to hold
the feet or the body and I've got to
hold the wing out so there is a there's
one feather that never grew back but all
the other feathers looks like they've
all grown back after clipping this when
they were longer and doesn't hurt them
at all
it'll just keep them from being able to
get up and fly by just having one wing
now I've got two more of these let's see
if I can track them down and take care
of the same thing with them and then
from here I can go straight on over to
the meat turkeys the broad breast of
white turkeys
[Music]
and these guys are the friendliest Bunch
you will ever see whenever I come in
here they just start chasing me around
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and then lastly we've got our little
turkeys here we don't let them out very
much the cats have been a little
dangerous around them but if I'm right
here I don't mind let them out for a
little bit
[Music]
today's story is about peacocks a few
weeks ago a month ago we just found a
random post on Craigslist about peacock
eggs and if you've ever looked at how
much peacocks or peacock eggs are from
hatcheries that I've looked at they
typically have a minimum order of six to
eight peach Ickx and it's somewhere
between 400 to 600 bucks like $50 to $75
per chick if you were to buy juvenile or
grown adult peacocks and peahens it goes
up way more sometimes a male-female pair
is as much as 400 to 600 dollars that's
insane
so what's cool about peacocks of course
the the tail on the male what I didn't
know is how long it takes them to get
from hatching to get to where they're
actually laying to produce you some
babies that you can sell and make that
money back it takes nearly two years
from hatching to get to age two to
fertilize and lay eggs that you can
hatch so when I found these eggs come up
on Craigslist for eight dollars apiece I
thought this is a steal I'm definitely
gonna try this out and we'll figure it
out we'll figure out what to do with
them after we get them we were just
really excited to try this experiment
now here it is 30 to 33 days later and
these eggs have not hatched and we have
done everything we always do with our
incubator we keep it at a hundred
degrees the entire time we keep the
humidity over 60% and for some reason
none of these eggs hatched so what can
we do my first thought is I need to call
that lady back and ask her is this legit
are these for real these eggs fertilized
how long have you been letting them sit
out before you sold them to me a lot of
frustrations going through my head the
first thing I want to do is check these
eggs I candled a lot of them a few days
before hatch and it seemed like there
was something in a few of them so I want
to open them up and just make sure that
some were fertilized so that I make sure
that that is not the issue and then
figure it out you know what's going on
if I can get more eggs from Earth so
let's open these up and let's figure
this out
[Music]
so of course the thing about eggs that
don't hatch these are gonna be really
run and they're gonna stink but let's
see what's inside so nothing inside egg
number one nothing inside egg number two
oh my gosh oh that one got so far along
that was almost there oh it was a white
one we had a white peacock and it didn't
make it
oh my goodness this one was all the way
there
it's another white one that made it all
the way and didn't survive nothing in
that one
this one's partial it only had a little
bit of development
not much oh it was so disappointing you
guys we had four start to develop and
three made it nearly to hatch and to him
were white peacocks I just I can't
believe that they did that well and they
didn't hatch that's really disappointing
so what's the next move I was really
kind of frustrated with possibly them
scamming me for some peacock eggs that
were really cheap and I couldn't figure
out why and now I see that they were
good and something something went wrong
on my end we do have some broody hens
I'm gonna I'm gonna go give her a call
right now I'll see if I can go get some
more eggs and if we can try this again
peacocks will only laid 30 to 40 eggs a
year only from like May till August so
it's towards the end of that off to see
if she's got any left let me go check
with her and I'll let you know what I
find out last month and some of them
developed but none of them hatched so
something went wrong somewhere I'm not
sure where but I was going to see if you
had any more I wanted to try it again if
you had any more
all right so some really good news we
contacted the the people back that we
got the peacock eggs from and they
happen to have seven more it's the last
seven they got for the season from their
peacock so they suggested and I
definitely agree with it that we're
gonna try half and half we're gonna put
three in the incubator and we're gonna
put four under a broody hen and so what
we're gonna do we've got four right here
we're gonna go grab we've got like three
broody hens right now so we're gonna
take her bring over here she'll be
totally private she love food and water
still have a cool dark place to hang out
and not have any of the other hens mess
with her and her eggs so we're gonna go
get her right now
and then let her start sitting on these
eggs alright well hopefully that will
work out I'm gonna go back in a little
bit and check on her she wasn't sitting
down on the eggs initially he had to
show her that's where we wanted her to
go we had a we put a little nest box in
there and now she's just kind of
hovering over the eggs so let's go
inside and see what Becky's up to
tonight with dinner
[Music]
making chili tonight so yucky rainy all
day so I thought cornbread with the
chili be awesome so I've got some
cornmeal here I'm gonna go ahead and
make that up
[Music]
[Music]
I like it
[Music]