we're going to teach hold trigger how to
take a bridle today he's never had a
fitness mouth so first thing I like to
just kind of get the face all kind of
settled down here and I'll just start to
kind of slip a finger in here I'll
always keep your face turned away here
and just just try to encourage this
horse just keep your face book when his
head starts coming left here a little
bit I'll put books and I'll put just a
little bit of downward pressure on it
ears there when he just started lowers
head I just kind of split this I'm just
telling how smartest I was kind of go
for his mouth just turn your face wait
Casey flashes his head it's kind of keep
him out at arm's length
he's coming left all on his own and I'll
just kind of encouraging that kind of
lowered his head a little bit right
there
I always want to be careful of their
tongue is pretty strong that he doesn't
grab your finger pull it back up into
the molars there she's telling us smarty
is slip your finger in just let me know
this is nothing to panic over his head
came low and left all on his own right
there I didn't I didn't pull on his
halter I'm still not as smart he is I
just stuck my finger in here just always
protect your face we're going down just
a little time you put a little bit of
down picture that there so what you
wanted to believe is when he brings his
head to the low on the left that the
heat gets relieved to just protect your
face here turn your head away I'm not
doing anything with him here and right
there okay so how smart he is and watch
this will just get easier and easier
just kind of protect your face I'm not
doing anything with the halter here now
I'll encourage a little bit of down
pressure there good
Housemartins I'll begin to slip my
finger here but don't let him knock your
teeth out there I'm not doing anything
if you came left on his own and he
lowered his head all on his own right
there to protect your face right there
he did that all by himself I didn't
guide him over here at all so when he
starts looking for is hey I'll just
bring my hand over here to the left
maybe Lord just a little bit I bet that
guy takes his finger up check your face
just a little bit down pressure here you
go good boy so when you think he's got
that figured out pick your Snapple let
your bridle up so you know it's not too
small for him kind of rub his face with
a little bit and Scrabble his face go up
under his chin and then encourage him to
take the bed reach in from the other
side don't worry about his head going up
there there just encourage him to come
to the left
she's encouraging the lower that
just a little bit there
I let him spit it up so it is something
foreign to his mouth straddle his face
I'll come up under his chin I'll
encourage him to slip this into his
mouth there it was nice and quiet that
time just encourage him to come to the
left and lower his head and then he gets
to split up over here let's do that a
couple more times a straddle his face
both under his chin come up and
encourage you to slip this into his
mouth it was very quiet that time
he's coming left on his own he spit that
out all on his own and they'll just do
that one more time under the chin
looking here
he was almost kind of salivating for it
himself
looky here his head's coming left maybe
I'll encourage a little bit of down
pressure here let me spit that out
there's really no need to put that on
leave it on today what I'd like for this
to be is a very rewarding experience for
him let him find that on his own there
and that's kind of where I'm going to
quit on that today and tomorrow he'll
just take that bit and I'll let me pack
it around tomorrow okay how'd you like
that so yesterday was the first time
we'd ever introduced the horse to
anything at his mouth let's kind of test
him out this morning
see how he tolerates it right here he's
kind of come left on his own I'll wait
for that little head drop right there
let's do that a couple more times
we just came all the way over there all
time stuff boy ask him again I'll just
kind of reach for his mouth I'll wait
for that little bit of a head drop as he
heard you right there a little bit
okay let's go to see if you like to take
a bit you know the straddle is saved
come up under his chin now the fast
asleep you want to take the bed let's
travel his face go under his chin just
casually ask you to bless the go
into his mouth wait for the bring his
head over here to the left a little bit
just if you lower just a little bit that
just let you spit it out there let me
rethink that just a little straddle it
stays ask for the dead very nice leg
take it comes left on his own
keep the lower his head on his own here
if you help him a little bit right there
to take on that for just a second let's
draw his face see if he wants to take
that dish very nice
he just tongue straight urge him to come
over here to the little lookee there
all on his own good boy good boy so now
that he's good at it maybe we'll just
put it on a leave it on this time kind
of getting to figure out how to pack
that bit around today which can a
massage that tongue good he's already
coming low on the left just encouraging
and I like to kind of take it up just a
little bit snug that first day or two
it's not so tight that it hurts but I
want to discourage get that tongue over
the business we'll just let him work
with it today do a bunch of groundwork
with the business mouth and look who's
not mouthing as bid anymore
we've just gone and had ourselves a good
workout and has trigger to drop his
brightest first time he's worn it for
any period of time looky here
he's already bringing his head to the
left oops sorry to bring his head to the
left and Lauren