what's up guys Charlie Pink's here
welcome to another video I hope you're
having a fantastic day I have another
clothing line related video for you guys
today today we're gonna go over hang
tags and I'm gonna show you guys a quick
little hangtag hack to basically help
take your brand to the next level really
really fast and we're also going to talk
about tearaway tags because a lot of you
have been asking me what the best shirt
style is and where you can buy shirts
that have tearaway tax so this video is
great for anybody that's starting a
clothing line or wants to start a
clothing line or already has a clothing
line that just wants some quick tips
without further ado let's roll the intro
and get started a lot of you have been
asking me where you can buy wholesale
shirts that have tearaway tags now I'm
gonna recommend Bella canvas obviously
because they are my friends and I do
really like their shirts and that's very
unbiased by the way because when I first
got some of their Styles I didn't know
what to think but after wearing them for
months and months I'm a big fan of their
wholesale style so I'm gonna recommend
them today but it's important to note
Bella canvas isn't the only wholesale
company that has tearaway tags but
they're one of my favorite okay and
that's kind of up to you to do your
research the really cool thing about
Bella canvas is basically all their
Styles have tearaway tags so you
literally just take the shirt and you
rip it off and it's done most people do
want to get rid of the tag so they can
put their own print right here and
that's the whole purpose behind tearaway
tags is so you can easily rip it off
without damaging the shirt that part's
important so you can print your own
design on the shirt right here where the
tag goes so it just again adds more
authenticity to your brand on top of the
Hang tag so they're really good to pair
together what happened to me was that
bought shirts that didn't have tearaway
tags on it and I try to put my design
where the tag goes but the print shop
couldn't really do that that easily so
they actually had to take scissors and
cut the tags off manually which
obviously took a very long time and I
know like you have to tear away the tag
manually but it's so much easier to tear
away tag then get scissors and try to
like not ruin the shirt if that makes
sense so the print shop had to literally
cut every tag off with scissors and it
ended up leaving like these little marks
on the shirt where the tag used to be
because obviously they're not tearaway
tag so it ended up being this big hassle
and I ended up wasting a bunch of money
because the shirts just didn't look good
and you can tell somebody cut the tag
off so anyway it's really important to
do your research and buy shirts that
have tearaway tags
if you plan on doing a tag print or your
own tag that hangs it really depends on
what you want but for me I like creating
my own design for the shirt size and all
the other stuff that goes right here
and that's just my preference if you
want your brand to stand out and you
want your brand to be branded with your
name and you want to do that in every
single aspect that you can add that much
more quality to your brand as much as
you can and where you can definitely
encourage you guys to check out Bella
canvas the styles I'll put all my
favorite styles in the description below
so you guys can purchase them yourself
for your clothing line I get the same
question over and over again and the
number one question is where can i buy
hang tags how do I make hang tags what
do I do with hang tags how what are they
for
and tags are awesome because they add
authenticity to your brand and they just
give it that like extra feel that extra
quality feel that people expect from a
shirt that costs like twenty dollars
right so if you're charging around $20
for your shirts it's good to add like
little extra things that just make the
customer feel really special when they
open that package up from your brand so
hang tags are a great opportunity for
people to take that tag and look at it
and basically not only see your social
media links but also see your website
and maybe even a discount code if you
want to do a promo one month where the
Hang tags come with a special offer code
so there's so many different things that
you could do with the hang tag mainly
what I like them for is just a branding
aspect because I like putting the logo
on the tag when people open that shirt
up they see the Hang tag there and they
see your logo and immediately they
connect the dots and you're like wow
they put some effort into this brand so
before I get into the Hang tag hack part
of the video I want to show you the
material that I'm using for it and the
first thing I have here is some yarn and
the reason why I bought yarn is because
it was cheaper than actual string so it
really doesn't matter what kind of
string you buy you can be as creative as
you want but again I this was on sell
and when you're starting a new clothing
line you definitely want to save money
where you can so I've saved money on the
string and this will probably last me a
good while so I could have bought like
20 of these things for 20 bucks and it's
like I said really really cheap and they
will last you a while so that's the
string part of it now let me grab the
business card the business cards are
really cheap as well you can get a
thousand business cards for around $40
and they're really cool because they're
durable and they're cheap and the only
thing we have to do is basically hole
punch them to get the string through so
we can make it a hang tag the next thing
I have is a hole puncher here and you
could buy these really anywhere that
sells our supply
they're really really cheap you could
get it for $1 so this is what we're
gonna be using to punch a hole in the
business card so we could put that yarn
through to make the actual hang tag the
next thing I have is some black safety
pins and these are actually really cheap
on Amazon you can get a thousand of
these for around eight dollars and they
come in multiple different colors so you
can really customize how you want your
hang tag to look when you put it all
together you have something that looks
like this and as you guys can see it's
pretty nice right it's hanging on the
shirt someone somebody gets a package
from let's say your clothing line
they're gonna open it up and see this
hang tag and that's a perfect
opportunity to put your website a
discount code so they can keep
purchasing from your brand and even your
social media links to get some extra
followers on your social media platforms
so the hang tags are a great opportunity
for that and again it just adds that
much more authenticity to your brand and
makes your brand look that much better
in general so that's the hang tech hack
it's really simple guys and again the
reason why this is a hack is because you
guys can save some money doing it this
way versus buying hang tags pre-made and
stressing over where to find the best
hang tags yeah you do have to get a
little crafty to do this but it's really
not that hard and it doesn't take a
genius and when it's all said and done
you feel so cool because you made your
own hang tags so anyway so that was a
hang tag hack all we use with some
business cards some yarn and some safety
pins and we have a hang tag and also
don't forget the hole puncher we need
that to punch the hole net business
cards but the point is you guys can save
some money doing it this way so anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed that little hack
so I just showed you a hangtag hack and
I also talked about tearaway tags I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
be sure to leave a thumbs up subscribe
if you haven't already and also check
the description below I'll put all the
information we talked about today in the
description so you guys can easily
access it anyway I will see you guys in
the next video thanks so much for
watching
Simo vs. make-a-wish people purpose
purpose tip like this a breath until I
get merged perfect recycle ok I do my
banking dengue blanket to this purple
all of my suckers city slipper
much to murder check his about his
burgers dick suspects this one let's
pick my mornings