okay so after a big rainfall you can see
that water just stands here in this low
spot between these two garages and the
home owner would like to get this water
out of here mosquitoes and of course get
some grass to grow back here too and
it's a pretty simple problem if you take
a look at it um you can see that this
actually comes downhill towards the
camera and it actually is just backing
up right there at a small low spot so
we're going to put a cat spacing in
there and uh send it on on down the hill
the simplest way to solve this problem
is just to create a trench that will
come through that little rise in the
yard and allow that water to drain so
we'll do that first to drain the area
but then we're going to go ahead and
permanently fix that by putting a catch
spacin in there you could also regrade
the area but that's an awful lot of
work notice that with each
shovel that that water is going to fall
my
trench okay here's our
trench and you can see we've going right
up to the low spot we actually dug it a
little deeper right
here to put our catch Basin in let me
show you what a catch Basin is okay
here's our catch Basin and again it's a
used Basin I'm just showing you an
example but you can see it's got a 6 in
Grate on the top of it that allows water
to go through the fitting down into the
catch Basin and this is the inside of
the catch Basin it comes out through the
outlet and we're going to set that so
that the catch Basin sits just
below the top of the ground it'll be
right here okay now I'm going to go
ahead and set the pipe cut this pipe to
length for the
discharge
we're using PVC a thin walled PVC this
is a 3,000lb crush and a good hacka Cuts
right through
[Music]
that clean off the
burs and all it does is slide into the
inside fitting and it fits nice and
tight we'll set that down in our Trench
here I'm going to put a little dirt
underneath of it just to hold it in
place that's basically it basically now
we're just going to cover it up and then
I'll simulate a rainfall so you can see
it discharge and it'll work great this
area will no longer flood right
here
here's our cat Basin um installed and
you can see the pipe I just left it
uncovered here at the end but um
basically we're going to run some water
here and see if it'll drain into that
cast Basin so now you can see from this
little garden hose we're letting the
water run in a low spot and it runs
right down into the cat
station
we've turned the water off and it's just
running down the
hill until it goes into our grate of the
catch
Basin hey this is Chuck with apple
drains reminding you that if you believe
you can do something I guarantee you can
do
[Music]
it
[Music]
n