Steve with SS Services I'm here to show
you today a down spout that's um been
done totally incorrect um there's two
two things that's happening here with
this repair is this down spout over here
you can see it come in right here you
see this right there it's just run
straight down in the ground and there
ain't no pipe on it so there ain't no
way to escape so the water is going to
go all down around the foundation of the
home now what we're going to do come
over
here
and now right over here we had another
issue where it was connected in to these
black pipes right here and this was just
sitting in there like that inside of a
pipe and the black rear pipes are known
to get clogged up I mean you can see I
mean that's that's
clogged and this right here here was up
in the down spout
see so what you got to
do create these problems to quit and
drain
right is a the down spout has to have
its own entrance and it's own exit so
it's going to enter from here come down
come up here and this little lid is
going to lift up like that and then the
water the water's going to run around
here and go and go down so and also
water the tree but main thing 2 ft away
from the house is all you got to go um
some people running all these black
pipes way down out the yard way over
here and they connecting all these
drains together and when you do you're
getting a problem with all this over
here you can see on this tarp right here
I've got the black pipe all the debris
that's come out of it and um basically
those things are uh notorious for um
clogging and notorious for uh roots to
crush them and of course you can step on
it and it'll Crush so I mean but this
right here this is PVC it never crush on
you um it's connected in we we
readjusted the down spout the down spout
right here was uh went all the way to
the ground in that little uh pipe I was
showing you so now we got it running
into the into the cleanout which is here
we can we can unscrew this right
here every time we clean we can unscrew
this stick a a blower or hose or
anything down in here and blow all this
out this comes off this this will be
clean and then like I say you just put
it back
on that's it now this system right here
is a
real it's a it's a real easy system to
do I mean as far as um
I've talked about this before but you
can go to basically any hardware store
um you can go Low's Home
Depot uh this little system right here
uh cost you about $75 in materials um so
somewhere in there and um but uh it's
basically pretty simple you just you get
you a a tea and and get you a clean out
here and you make sure you got your your
gutter intake and then also so you're
going to need a piece of pipe a elbow
here another elbow here with the popup
now after we bury this this guy he's
going to have real good drainage and um
he he'll be happy with this system
everybody else is when I install them
and um I don't really have a a problem
with them I'd rather do these than I
those black
pipes um just because this right here
never fails and I can always always
maintenance that's about it um This stbl
Ss services