[Music]
we produce these rum from these two pots
here known as pot STS for us it makes
the best product you can think of it is
heavier in character has the flavor and
the Aromas we make rums as a blend of of
column and pot and it's interesting
because we basically can make a better
rum from a blend of colum pot than if we
had either still alone column steel we
just couldn't get as balanced of spirit
and without the pot steel we just
couldn't get the uh depth of
flavor rum is made from molasses in the
Caribbean we have a lot of sugar
Plantation still so wherever you have a
sugar Plantation you would have a Sugar
Factory so it's natural that R follows
it's what we drink what we
[Music]
produce Sugar Factory is to make sugar
but the byproduct is molasses which is
black in color and Bittersweet in taste
and it has a certain amount of sugar
what you do is that you use the sugar in
the molasses and you ferment it this
section Here is known as the fermenting
area and this is basically where all
starts where the molasses and the water
in the yeast is mixed and then goes what
is known as the fermenting for the
fermenter and it stays here for some 24
to 36 hours sometimes 72 hours and give
you this kind of reaction the reaction
you're seeing here is a chemical or
biological reaction all all you're
getting here is the yeast reacting with
the fermentable sugars in the molasses
and causing it to give you dis reaction
the alcohol levels that you will get
here will be some 6 to 7 sometimes
8% now you want to separate the alcohol
from the waste product that is where the
distillation process comes in
distillation is separating two
liquids that have different boiling
points so you take this fermented liquid
and you heat it when you get to 80Â° C
the alcohol becomes Vapor so it comes
away so you take that vapor and you trap
it and you purify it and you condense it
and everything and that's the rum and
then your blenders come in and say what
they're going to do with it whether
they're going to age it or how they'll
age it and what type of barrels and what
they'll do and what they'll make well
this is our 15-year rum which is
actually aged and bottled right here at
St Nicholas ABI right behind us you see
these beautiful old bourbon barrels
the rum is actually aging right behind
us here okay and then we bottle it
straight from the barrel to the
bottle