okay so um as I mentioned the other
video if you have watched the other
video yeah this is basically what I did
from the color would no color I can't
call it black and white because it's
more like brown and gray but I pretty
much colorized this photo to make it
look like this and if you did watch the
last video you could tell i made some
adjustment to the eye a little i turn
the opacity back up slightly from like
twenty-five percent 250 so it looks more
natural and as well I color in the
background just for the heck of it i
miss a spot here okay and so this
purpose this video will be on cleaning
up entire image so plus sorry let's
start by creating a copy of all visible
layer do so by control all chip and E
okay so that basically made a copy of
everything that you see here okay so
from this SMS you can make an ad a copy
let's start with all these items like
the hair here it looks like the photo
was I had a hole in it just going to use
the top the clone tool here is a crack
on the image just comb that out that
here as well I'm gonna be expanding the
entire image so look at the two worried
about those areas for now
this little water spot looking area
clean up call it out think about this
photo to that it's really low quality so
a lot of the detail the blemish you
can't really see on the final image as
well i do want to mention though this
may not be the best photo for
demonstrating colorized image because
there isn't really much color I can play
around here skin tone the shirt and then
you know lip color now that's about it
you know and also then I just fix his
hair a little bit make it more hopefully
thats
yeah that looks more clean and you know
obviously this all this stuff needs to
be clean up using my mouse here for some
reason should be using my stylist and
here it's much better
already you can tell it's making a
difference here night i'm i'm using a
clone tool you can't see my hands moving
but basically i have my left hand my
thumb on the Alt key when I plus press
alt it's apt example right and then once
I hold alt and I tap where I want a
sample Alecto alt and then basically I'm
painting in what is the area where I
sample ok do this really fast sample
chrome sample code ok
that's one whole
wrinkle whatever being removed look at
that okay these are very easy fix here
chin there where it gets a little more
precise more precise in this area
I don't think could have got any more
precise than that crap which is fixed
okay does that mean that goes right
across the face so that got the most
difficult part out of the way
sighs going to make the breast size
bigger so you can be more precise I are
not precise but what gradual so you're
doing blends in better
I can't wait for my friend see this
picture right now I'm just going to take
my time sixth is your little detail
every little detail counts
and like I said once again I do feel
like you know the quality of the image
it's really helping me doing this quick
because
any major or made not any small mistake
I make it's not varied that invisible I
mean if this picture would be higher
quality I'm probably going to be zooming
in a lot closer my breath side is going
to be smaller or bigger depending on
whatever adjustment I need okay okay
there's more some thought I was almost
done it's not but here we go I don't
know that is probably dirty on the
sure all right on the photo undo
control-alt-delete to undo more than
once turn this up I want a sharp edge
to recreate that edge of the shirt
continue with the whole process
you guys can go ahead and skip the video
people I'm going to continue showing the
video in real time for YouTube in case
anyone wanted to watch the whole thing
because showing you in time lapse or
that fast speed you're not going to see
every little step and you need to see
most of the steps not every step but in
order to learn I guess
I'm just going to do this very quickly
okay because there's more than just
fixing all this damage on the ekta photo
itself i also want to expand and make a
complete photo of him right now it has
heads barely fitting into the photo I
think I have an idea of how I go fixing
that
I'm still using the clone tool by the
way in case you're wondering as you can
see it's very powerful and very handy
tool okay
pretty good now
okay just if you don't understand the
clone and sampling tool let's say if I
take a sample here I'm gonna paint it
right here you give you a preview of
what you just talked from there it's
like a copy and paste so what I've been
doing is basically grab whatever it next
to it let's say there's a little dot
right here i graph this pain no more
dots okay and let's look at the
craziness this is after before I don't
know you tell me I think that that's a
major improvement right there okay i'm
gonna make a copy of everything okay
copy and i'm going to expand the photo
oh my god it is ok I guess start out by
selecting all these i'll pick up cuff
select these two ok like that all around
it except for the person in himself
actually let's make it adjustment layer
july
let me see then we can copy it this
make a copy of this on a new layer I'm
just testing this out i'm going to call
control t yep and i will basically i
don't want to do that perhaps i will
make multiple copies of this because i
don't want to ruin the texture second
copy
I don't think that's going to work and I
mine so I'll just make this larger
something like that ok and I'm going to
grab this layer let me see if I remember
how to do this I'll click drag area make
a copy of this that that looks kind of
silly right now because like I said I
don't think I like the texture so thick
see what you do with the opacity
what every card is lost layer setting
style
I think I saw something I could use
basically same thing as this which I
don't want
with that no okay
see the difference actually I want to
make sure that the edges here and
everything blends in and see if I can
mess with this I get feather not this
direction the other direction chef
feather there you go some fettering away
from the face and the object on the
outside or into it I need it on the
outside it just makes it flying into the
new newly created background better so
over here we have a problem I'm going to
make a new layer again so now because I
want to be able to make a judgment on
everything that I'm looking at clone
clone this out clean up once again
you can never get to details into your
photo edit I guess just going to do that
just do for the most part but um don't
worry I'll go back and fix it just get
the pain pain pain pain pain people I
want to make sure i follow the pattern
to what I paint
the texture again
okay something like I'm not going to
worry about this for now let me fix the
hair let me try to be a little creative
here i'm going to copy this part pace
new layer rotate stretch
use that here there you go look at that
like that okay yeah I know it's not
perfect yeah that's what I'm gonna make
it mask paintbrush will do be I want to
further this in this time so I'm going
to use the sophos brush painting flat oh
I accidentally selected that little spot
so I wonder nothing's changing so
deselected that spot now I'm controlling
everything again so here you go just
like that
doesn't look too bad bring it in if you
know what that was you know it might be
able to tell the difference but if you
don't this is your first time looking at
this you're not going to say oh he's
here is weird we're still doesn't up
weird new layer once again I see this
little whatever that is on the face
going to use a small brush or clone tool
calling that out you go and I see a
little bit of this going on too I don't
mind a bigger brush for this there you
go
ok
and I would you like this to that BAM
okay then I did mention about the
shoulder hopefully I can pull this off
let's clean this little spot it's not
very necessary but do what I can if I
can copy this hey hey ctrl v ctrl T to
make a skit scaling I guess let's flip
this over like it fit
there you go and obviously it's a little
darker I'm going to try to adjust this
it's likely point it right away see look
at that already planning in take the
four after and now i'm not done so don't
worry but just mean or layer mask once
again
so man change my brush brush I mean it
right back in almost there all the
detail I need is for me this collar
we go looks like the shirt is colored I
can totally go back and do it soon why
not just one yep let's see he's pinching
bumped color color here but that quite
color but brightness brightness
actually know what looks good sorry
looks pretty good the way this once
again create another copy think I'm
gonna just drop kool piece right there
and what I'm going to do is content
aware scale writes down slightly
slightly then control beep you select
and fix this little spot doesn't matter
I'm going to be cropping that area
little fine-tuning here to the add it on
shoulder there you go and actually know
what this spot right here it's a little
too bright really you're looking so once
again copy good to do some burning
methyl methyl looks like i have about
fifty percent
turn it down okay of that or after cool
and one last thing crop can get any
easier than that I like to keep this a
certain ratio
looks like I add some more work together
if I do want this ratio but I don't mind
the wall picture work normal once again
I'm just going to stretch this out no
one can know what what's going on a
little bit maybe I don't know yeah well
this look a little weird but I see you
just do the same here sure it's not
going to be a problem show you one more
trick I guess so right now it looks just
stretch downward a little weird
especially with this wrinkles pattern
liquefied do you select oh just notice
something the right here okay same thing
stretch it out fill it in
now we're going to finish this just
kidding I will okay there you go good
okay and right so liquefied liquefies
little risky move so in case i can't we
first what i did make a copy and this
precise little to be just kind of like
pull in stuff like that
I don't know how I feel about that
feel like it's the shoulders turning me
a little bit something like that okay oh
oh so apparently there's something
underneath some layer underneath so
before what shows to be showing the
background it's the background is
basically the shirt itself so now if you
do find this little weird looking you
can always forget the ratio that I have
and just kind of like crop it right
there okay there you go and that's it
for this video so once again I go I went
I started off with this a lot of
wrinkles little cracks on the photo
original photo the tight crops ty
cropping of the original photo and the
missing you know shoulder of the image
the object and from that you know I give
it a complete photo fix all the cracks
gave it a you know a full background
fixed it here and that's it and
hopefully you liked this video you liked
it please click like and if you haven't
subscribed to my channel please do it
would be really helpful and feel free to
me to leave me in commons
you know how I did anything you would
have done differently any suggestion
until then I will see you and then on
the next video thank you