hey everybody welcome to my channel if
you are current subscriber welcome back
and if you are joining us for the first
time then welcome it's so good to have
you my name is Tanisha and my channel is
a mouthful and I love food and
everything that has to do with food so
if you are a fool ever just like me then
go ahead and hit that subscribe button
down below so as you can tune in for
more food videos and recipes in the near
future so today you guys we're going to
get right into this recipe we are making
chocolate chip cookies and not just any
type of chocolate chip cookies but these
are going to be loaded with tons of
chocolate chip in every single bite and
they're going to be nice and soft baked
and easily just melt like butter in your
mouth so let's get right into the rest
right guys so let's go ahead and get
into our ingredients for our cookies
we're gonna need a stick of butter you
also need an egg I have all-purpose
flour white sugar
I have imitation vanilla flavoring that
you guys when you're baking you actually
want to use some pure vanilla extract
but imitation vanilla is fine I actually
ran out so this is what I'm using today
but it's not that big of a deal you're
gonna need some baking soda I have some
parchment paper to line my cookie sheet
lid I'm using a semi-sweet chocolate and
milk chocolate morsels but you can use
whatever chocolate chips you want
we need dark brown sugar walnuts are
optional but I love to use walnuts in my
cookies especially with chocolate chips
so that's what we're gonna put in ours
today and you guys here is the secret
ingredient to make your cookies nice and
soft they're gonna be so delicious and
that is cornstarch and cream cheese so
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to go
ahead and start getting set up to bake
our cookies and I will put the recipe in
the description box below for you guys
so let's get started
alright so we're going to go ahead and
get started with our wet ingredients so
what we're going to do is we're going to
cream together these ingredients I have
one stick of butter a quarter of a cup
of a block of cream cheese
3/4 cup of dark brown sugar 1/4 cup of
white sugar 1 large egg and 2
tablespoons of vanilla so here's a note
for my recipe what I'm doing is I like
to bake with salted butter now I know
most baking ingredients call for
unsalted butter but when I'm making
cookies I actually do like to start with
a salted butter and what I do is I don't
add any additional salt to the recipe so
when we get to our dry ingredients I'll
point that out where you would normally
add in salt I'm actually going to omit
it so you want to also make sure that
your butter and your cream cheese are at
room temperature just so they can it can
mix together a little bit easier for you
and I'm using a hand mixer this would be
a lot easier if you're using a stand
mixer but a ham this couldn't mixer
works just as fine you just have to take
a little bit extra time to do it so
we're going to get this nice
okay so in our bowl for our dry
ingredients I have two and a quarter cup
of all-purpose flour that I sifted out a
little bit two teaspoons of cornstarch
one teaspoon of baking soda and if you
wanted to if you wanted to use unsalted
butter then if you want to add the extra
salt into your recipe you will use a
quarter of a teaspoon of salt but like I
said earlier I already have salted
butter so we're not going to add any
extra salt to this and we're just going
to add this into our mixing bowl and
then get this nice and combined until it
gives us a nice cookie dough consistency
all right so our cookie dough is looking
pretty good but it's missing something
so we're gonna go ahead and add in our
chocolate chips I have a cup of
semi-sweet a cup of milk chocolate and
then a quarter of a cup of walnuts and
what I said earlier the walnuts are
optional you do not have to add those in
and I'm gonna mix it just a little bit
with my hand mixer but it's gonna be a
little tough I'm just gonna get it going
and then I'll finish it up with this
phone
all right so look at our cookie dough it
is nice and loaded with chocolate chips
you can see chocolate chips in every
single portion so what we're gonna do
actually we're not gonna bake this
immediately because now the dough has
actually warmed up a bit since you've
been working with it you don't want to
bake cookies with warm dough and the
reason why is that your cookies will
actually go flat you know so you want it
to stay a nice thick firm cookie so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna cover this
with some plastic wrap and we're going
to stick this in a refrigerator for
about one to two hours maybe one hour
because we're ready for some cookies
around here so you just want to get your
dough nice and cold before you bake your
cookies and you can refrigerate your
cookie dough
anywhere from one hour to up to five
days as long as you have it sealed in an
airtight container so when we come back
our cookie dough will be nice and cooled
and we're going to start forming our
cookies and getting them baked all right
guys so what we're gonna do is go ahead
and get our second batch of cookies into
the oven as you can see our dough is
nice and firm and has about actually let
it chill for about an hour and a half so
our oven is preheated to 350 degrees I
have my cookie sheet lined with
parchment paper and our first batch is
already baked as you can see they're
nice and brown around the edges and I
have them sitting on a cooling rack for
about 15 minutes until they're
completely cooled and then we can dig
into the first batch so I bake them on
350 degrees for about 10 minutes and
then I rotated a pan halfway through so
what I'm gonna do now for my second
batch is I'm going to get a heaping
tablespoon of the dough and I'm gonna
make these a little bit neater than the
first batch so you can see I kind of
freeform the first one so I'm just gonna
roll the dough into a little ball and
just press down slightly and get these
onto our cookie sheet and don't worry my
hands are nice and clean and these are
for my family I always wash my hands
before hey before starting
so and this is a little messy but
supposed to be fun so it can be a little
messy
alright so we're just gonna roll this
and then slightly press just so that it
can come out to be a nice and neat
cookie it doesn't have to be you know it
can be free form just like the first
batch that I did all right there's our
last heaping tablespoon for this batch
and I'm gonna get these into the oven
and baked for about 10 minutes and then
I will show you everything else is done
all right you guys here you have it this
is our cream cheese loaded with
chocolate chips soft baked cookies and
these are absolutely delicious nice and
soft and buttery and full of chocolate
chips so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video just as much as I enjoyed making
it for you if you give this recipe a try
please don't forget to comment down
below and let me know what you think
about it hit that subscribe button for
more videos in the near future and if
you enjoyed the video please give it a
thumbs up and until next time you guys
take care of see you next time