say at some point about vinegar yeah to
get it to the ppy well no vinegar is
interesting uh it turns out vinegar what
it does it lowers of you know the
glycemic
response so basically the more vinegar
you have with the meal uh it basically
uh you know decreases the the glycemic
load of that meal so now you say well
well those Italians they seem know what
they're doing they talk about olive oil
and vinegar not not apple vinegar you
know you know bomic vinegar but it's the
vinegar that basically U will basically
decrease the activity of the enzymes in
the stomach so basically the carbohy are
not broken down nearly as rapidly and so
the glycemic load of the meal decreases
and you have less insulin response as a
consequence so the French are right
having a salad after your see I always
like to say the Italians are right the
Italians are right yes yes but but you
know but adding vinegar uh to a meal
does make good biochemical sense