hello their minds pointless and I run
the time and time again you cook with
school in West Sussex today I'm gonna
share with you some recipes some shift
tips to bring back the fun and home
cooking I'm gonna show you how to make
homemade french fries now I'm using
Maris Piper but you can use King
Edward's or a nice size jacket potato
the very flowery and less water so I'm
just going to show you I'll put them
down actually square them off it's on a
stove a little size there so the best
way of doing it to get on nice even
shape is actually just cut once you
square it especially cut it in half and
cut it in half again so then you know
you can have an even even size french
fry
literally half and half again straight
down there so we've got four pieces a
nice little thing would be knife now if
you were to blanch these you before you
want to be blunt about home from 20 then
you take them out let them cool down
then finish off and finish off about 100
35 40 to brand them off but because it
could really really thin these going
into a hot pot and if I cut straight
away it's all looking for so nice evenly
sized chip potato so just create do they
can so from scratch just I mean you
don't have to square off but I mean if
I'm the restaurant the chefs are
expected just because square off of
potato and we just square off there so
again in half half again unless you
would be knife finish trips to
get your french fries nice and nice and
foamy
it's what we're looking for now to keep
your french fries nice and fresh but
there's in there some cold water to them
get them off the face while you're
prepping them up fast and fresh and they
go so like I said a marriage piper or a
king edward is probably the best chip so
I've just cut my chips nice pinch drips
and I've got my pan nice and hot now
don't want it too hot I don't wanna
overcook or burn the oil or overcook the
end the chips so I sort meat in here get
it to temperature I've got my absorbent
paper here from the plate and local
spatula as well so I have my chips in
one of this I'm just going to just drain
off that accessible of that really nice
just take off that an excess pour
they're nice and dry you just Pat them
fruit so you've got lovely little French
fries there and I still even amount
their subs about from oil to come to the
temperature now for long I do a little
test there I'm let me do put one in
protest that and that tells me that it's
really so I'm just gonna very very
gently put my my chips into the pan here
now not splashing them now I'm actually
shallow frying these you're gonna
deep-fry these as well so just a quicker
a quick fix
we know it's all getting ready I've got
my pan hot my chips have been done I've
got my plate ready I've got my absorbent
paper ready for my chips to absorb all
the excess fat so again nice and hot but
they're not too hot keeping the control
the temperature all the time
so they start to color quite large now
I'm quite happy them for to come out in
a couple of seconds but if people just
see having a nice and golden brown now
looking a really nice nice and healthy
looking nice and golden Cup finalists
will around there just take them out
absolutely fantastic really nicely
drawing take off the excess beautiful
absolutely I'll just turn the heat off
so we've kept it a nice sort of a
temperature put the chips to cook nice
and evenly
nice and golden just hit it off that you
just run that through the absorbent
paper there beautiful nice ship set a
bit of salt and that's how I make my
homemade french fries
[Music]