[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hi friends welcome to lucky time with me
k1 nutrit today I'm going to be showing
you how I make my tomato chicken stew
it's very easy to make very tasty as
well with your tomato chicken stew you
can easily Brides with the omelet but it
does with any provided a compliment so
I'm going to show you through the
impedance then we'll get into our
cooking so walk you through the
ingredients but before I do that I'll
start preheating my oven on I'll tell
you in a little bit in a second why are
we hitting it over
I will preheat my oven to 200 degrees
sensors that should be made 250
Fahrenheit I'm checking account but it
should be there about a morally
preheated oven for us to matters to will
reach me for like tomatoes they are
really washed and on which I cope with
some red bell peppers two of those
traditionally where I come from we don't
make tomato students with bell peppers
but from the day I will do that the
better present my tomatoes to have not
too bad and if you try you're going to
see why and we need three red onions
some heat some pepper some habanero
pepper and our maybe some two cups of
chicken stock I got a gator in earlier
and we don't
the chicken a recent hospital enough
check already pre illogical I will be to
show you how to grill my chicken and to
cook this up we need 1/2 a cup of
vegetable oil I am using olive oil and
music cover complicates the chicken
itself produces a lot of the poem as a
reason half a cup of that some spring
onions like to scent of spring onions
1/2 teaspoon of curry powder 7 cloves of
garlic at all sizes of ginger 1/2
teaspoon of thyme 1 sizzling clue and
participant of soil so this is all we
need to make our tomato chicken stew so
the next thing I'm going to do is that
and we to cut this top just cut my bell
peppers and tomatoes into large chunks
and the thing is you know tomatoes
cherry are coated before they take a lot
of time because we need to and kill all
the acid in the two meters kind of to
kill the Sunnis and that takes a lot of
time to cool burnt the treat in like
shortly the cooking time is too real the
preventative measures and bell peppers
and which it clearly that's why we saw
me preheated my oven some minutes ago
somewhere to cut this and put in my oven
to create like 20 minutes then I'll
proceed with the other steps but
because really you just you know kind of
images are trying to cook the tomatoes
fry you tomatoes like grilling you
reducing and by including the bell
peppers you add to the sweetness of the
tomatoes okay so it's cutting this to
trust in my home so guys I got my
tomatoes and the bell pepper skirt and
you can see and my oven is already
preheated as I said earlier to 200
degrees so what I'm doing I just pop it
into my like three minutes if you don't
open you can as well roast it before you
plane no you see it is - okay at which
is already so see it's halfway coach so
what I'll do right now written blend
this together
I'm keeping aside one of the onions for
later and the rest of the oil is I'm
going to plan it together with the
tomato Sookie and blue garlic and I'll
put all my onions and ginger and some
pepper just like that
different things blend this twice you
don't need to add what us to blend to
what we learned to add water to blend
you know because tomato itself produces
a lot of water and if you add water then
we too watery and you need time again
for water to dry out I'm going to blend
this then I'll be back to continue later
so proceed with this too now I thought
the two meters of language you sleep you
it like here and I should tell you
some people add some tomato concentrate
like the canned tomatoes 18:1 you will
add to this but I just want my tomatoes
too fresh you get a fresh tomato and
with the bell peppers so just heat up my
order and I'm just need a cup of oil of
olive oil you can use random or you can
use canola oil just have a cup of that
and as usual our beginner - just give my
awesome show minutes or seconds to get
hot ok so I'm going to add the onions
right
[Music]
because I want to hear that side the
shrine son yeah
it's coming together no she knows I
introduced white pepper but I always
find evidence of vibration of that no
just because of all the clever writer
funny little on your street doctor just
please on adding onions
and some salt
not all of it yet a little bit of salt
give it a stir now is a good time for me
to add the tomato anyway
Oh Lord
because sometimes you can't skip
anything an injury the kitchen's right
under me go this way
see what I mean they want to do it on
low heat estimators
[Applause]
to raise up this house just a little bit
of water one thing you want to do it
you're cooking Tomatoes - you don't want
a lot of water when it's not needed
because we want it as dry as possible -
okay
this looks good so more of the salt
look at that period looks good so what I
will do is that our Commodus cup
alternatively can limit up winter as it
cooks there's no water draining right
back
god I don't my kitchen Oh messy that's
why I cut it out and give it time to
cook just like ten minutes because
remember the tomatoes already grilled so
you notic along and add tomatoes to me
so does it affect anything is to cook so
friends I will check how the court is
doing and you notice why I closed the
because we only covered then the images
will be skipping out of
you see of me right that's why you see
it getting dry water it getting dry
which is an indication is a good thing
but our tomatoes are almost ready
naturally we D have to cook it alone so
what I'll do now because it's almost dry
and I want the process a little bit
faster
I lay it open and again just the water
can evaporate easily so it doesn't leave
this open and step of the heat a little
bit but I'm using a Nazi stick but by
using another one that you may have to
really keep an eye on just let this dry
for five minutes then I'll proceed and
in the rest of the ingredients so guys
my teammate is completely cooked now so
what I will do is to add in chicken gets
the tomato chicken became this big we
can use fish and I remember my mommy
soon just kill the acid in the tomatoes
right if you're watching this of
Cameroon and one is a little tiny bit
more kind of what we know as kind of a
fast limestone or you can add a little
bit of baking soda joke ability to kill
that southeast but if you use in this
recipe I have access to their purpose
you don't need that and you use this
[Music]
you really need the camera okay
I'm adding my chicken stock which I
created earlier when also paying the
chicken we don't want your really
chicken it produces a lot of water so
sometimes I don't lean and I keep my
fries for they file is not making stew a
little bit now the leftover sauce and
the system cube goes right in this
content of straining the rest of the
engines the time the kernel II basically
does it see you know people you know
making children happy that's personal
preference if you wanted to do this we
don't need to add a lot of butter but if
you wanted to be watching okay thank
myself claim
I don't what I'm just saying if you want
it to be lighter than this add some
water
[Music]
yeah great and I'll just taste
perfect or don't give this like two
minutes and I promise you guys video so
guys this should simmer for two minutes
I might finish reading perfect chicken
stew right there oh my god this smells
so good it's so so good in here
so that's how to get it done so let's
[Applause]
just add that to the house go bit more
chicken go with beef I can go get fish
so have a taste scratch on the rice you
cannot EPDM with white them with ripe
plantains with potatoes
more saunas very spicy flavorful and
sweetness on the paprika of the bell
peppers makes it very tasty you have to
make some chicken tomato chicken stew
thanks so much for watching and you can
leave a comment
- coke matter toiletries for each other
in suspect such men skeptic Twinkies and
promise humans waited by the stove
daddy chopped the wood