so what do you do when your cheese looks
beautiful like this and then drew -
maybe neglect or a forgetfulness it
turns into something like this
well I'm going to show you how I rescued
this pecorino Ric ricotta salata see all
the different funky molds we've got pink
white will blue brown orange and some
black which is not so good so what I'm
doing there initially is basically
wiping the cheese with a a simple brine
solution so this is 2 teaspoons of salt
- 1 cup of water and basically I'm using
a lint-free cloth and just wiping that
all over and it gets rid of the vast
majority of any mould growth there now
there is some stubborn ingrain black
mold which sometimes has its roots a
little bit deeper than what the surface
molds of the penicillin candidum and the
penicillin broke 40 which lurking around
in my cheese fridge I've seen cheese's
worse than this so this is certainly not
beyond recovery or rescuing so just keep
on rubbing the surface with your simple
brine solution and you'll find that you
get the vast majority of the surface
molds off now what happens if you can't
get them all off or I'll show you that
the second
so a little bit of persistence a little
bit of elbow grease the good thing about
this cheese is it wasn't soggy so it was
a very very firm cheese so I could
actually do the next steps otherwise I
would have really depleted the cheese
down to a weight that was ridiculous but
as you can see there I've got a sharp
knife so I'm just scraping the surface
of the cheese just to remove that top
layer of of black mold basically if
there are any stubborn bits there or any
bits that have their roots deeply
embedded into the cheese fairly simple
it comes off just scrape it onto the
side of the chopping board all the gunk
that's left behind on the knife and then
just give it another scrape so this kind
of recovers the cheese to a fairly good
surface and you can see there in the
next shot
[Music]
there it is fully recovered there are a
few little dots of black mole but I
didn't really want to dig out but it
will mature okay so I are washing this
now once a week and I'm having no issues
with this ricotta salata so if you liked
this video give it a thumbs up and let
me know in the comments what other types
of cheese making techniques you would
like to see while you're there don't
forget to subscribe to the channel
thanks for watching curd nerds and I'll
see you next time