put it in like head here we go here we
go oh here he go wait wait wait let me
wait who's got the
stopwatch 7 minutes sorry Lobster you're
going in minutes who's going to get
the just wait wait wait say goodbye by
Remy this is number one bye n face okay
ready number one oh boy like this
yeah put him in he doesn't
get the lid he has to be covered up his
leg isn't in there he's fine no his
Tail's not under give me the he's
screaming real good I need that thing
you guys where's that thing okay he's in
there cover him up did you stab him 538
I got him okay I'm going to put this on
here for a
second 53 oh look at his tail moving oh
he's
suffocating oh my gosh okay next one
that was
freaky baby here we go ready here we go
number two we go that's one in this one
yep ready here we
go going
in he's in there but he's going to be
push just a second I got it here there
he's stab him yep he's in let me cover
it you guys excuse me put the cover on
and listen to him scream okay oh he
can't see that one you're not going to
see where did the other cover go and
then that's your cover that covers that
we can't you're not supposed to lift it
up can we look at it for one second 38
this one's on at 38 this one's done at
39 when it's
539 I don't know Mom can we just someone
take that off is this hot you don't you
can take it out you got to put this
cover
on put these
in I just want to look at it this a
seaweed in here Tyler did you get the
seaweed seaweed you can eat that later
yum
can see how he's doing