if you've clicked around the internet
long enough you've probably seen this
bottle or at least heard of or read the
term Castile soap and I'm sure many of
you are wondering what is Castile soap
and what's so good about it so this week
we did some research we've done some
testing and I'm going to share with you
all of the goods about Castile soap
before we dive into this soapy Endeavor
if you haven't done so already be sure
to subscribe to the clean myp Channel I
don't have a teaching degree but I do
want to give you a little bit of History
on Castile soap many centuries ago
Castile soap was invented in the Castile
region of Spain where they are well
known for their olives so this is
actually made out of olive oil but any
vegetable-based soap today is referred
to as Castile soap unlike other kinds of
soap that you might use which have
detergents and synthetics as well as
animal byproducts so if you want to
bathe like somebody from the 11th
century like a peasant or a Minstrel use
C steel soap I often get asked about
great floor cleaning solutions and if
you want a simple one that uses a very
natural product Castile soap is your guy
all you need to do is mix a/4 cup of
Castile soap in 2 gallons of hot water
and you can use this on essentially any
floor surface it's a very gentle soap
and it leaves a beautiful streak free
shine Castile soap is pretty amazing
when it comes to cleaning makeup brushes
as well I've been using it now for
several months who needs to make a
recipe when you can just basically put a
few drops of this into your hand swirl
the brush into the soap rinse it well
and hang it to dry it works like a
charm for all of you who love DIY
cleaning recipes don't worry I got you
covered Castile soap is a great
ingredient for many DIY recipes in fact
anywhere that you use dish soap actually
almost anywhere that you use dish soap
you can use Castile soap just don't mix
it with vinegar here's a great one you
can try it's a DIY soft scrub and what
you do is take a cup of baking soda to
it add 1/4 cup of Castile soap whip it
all together and add in five drops of
your favorite essential oil but if you
add six I won't tell anyone and then
just use it on any greasy grimy surface
great locations to try your bathroom
your kitchen sink your stove top trust
me this stuff works and because eating
healthy is something we should all do
this is your reminder to eat fruits and
vegetables and if you want them to be
clean you can use Castile soap to get
them there all you have to do is take a
bowl filled with water add a dash of
Castile soap and Stir It Up a dash is
about an eighth of a teaspoon if you're
getting scientific but don't sweat it
then just put your fruit or veggies in
there give it a nice swish you know use
your hands get a nice and agitated rinse
it in cold water let it dry boom clean
fruits and vegetables healthier Rin
insides happy you anytime I go into
someone's bathroom and they have Foaming
Hand Soap I do a little Hallelujah it is
so much better than regular hand soap I
don't know about you guys but I love it
and with Castile soap you can actually
make your own Foaming Hand Soap which is
also a great way to upcycle these very
cool bottles for this particular bottle
we used 6 oz of water a tablespoon of
Castile soap a/ half teaspoon of oil in
this case we use sweet almond oil and we
added 10 drops of essential oils the oil
is in the ingredients not only to help
moisturize your hands but to help
lubricate the pump to keep it lasting
longer and if you don't have sweet
almond oil you can use olive oil instead
and finally if you use unscented Castile
soap you can add your own essential oils
but many Castile soaps come with
beautiful scents to begin with so you
can enjoy those if that's the brand that
you have typically when I talk about
making your own products it works out to
costing you less than what you would
spend if you bought a similar product in
store however when it comes to casile
soap that's not the case it's going to
cost you more money to use it but
there's good reason for it first it's
vegan this is vegetable-based soap so if
you don't want to buy an animal-based
product here's your alternative also
it's more ecologically sound so if
that's important to you this is a great
option and if you're like me and you're
really into sort of the more natural
side of things you know organic fruits
and vegetables farm raised meat this is
going to be some something that will
really appeal to you as well it's the
more Natural Choice one quick thing to
keep in mind if you haven't tried
Castile soap before it is super sudsy I
mean guys this stuff is insanely sudsy
but it works so well you have to be
really mindful about rinsing so anything
that you clean make sure that you rinse
it super well to get rid of all of those
Suds and if you're in an area with hard
water you might want to think about
doing an additional rinse after you've
cleaned of just vinegar and water give
whatever surface or item you cleaned a
good rinse with that solution and you're
good to go now you have an undergraduate
degree in Castile soapology and I hope
you go and try it if you haven't tried
it before and if you do have some I hope
this has reinvigorated your passion for
it okay that might sound a little over
the top I know it's just soap but guys
like it's good stuff this week's comment
question is it's a three-parter actually
do you use Castile soap do you love
Castile soap and what do you use Castile
soap to clean let me know in the
comments down below if you want to see
what I'm up to during the rest of the
week aside from researching the history
of soap you can find me on Instagram and
Snapchat I am at Melissa maker the guy
who cleans
himself almost every day with Castile
soap he is at the Chad Reynolds and we
are at clean Myspace there's a button
down there that lets me know you care so
click it if you liked this video and
click this button right here to
subscribe and begin your journey to a
cleaner life thanks so much for watching
and we'll see you next time well well
it's that special time of the week where
I get to throw you to a couple of other
videos I think you're going to love and
the first video because we're on the
topic of how to clean using stuff is how
to clean using dish soap and the second
video is how to clean using borax so be
sure to check those ones out they are
interesting they are informative and
they will help you clean better you can
also visit our website cleanmyspace.com
where you can sign up for our 100% free
newsletter called the Dirty dish thanks
guys and I'll see you next week