hey guys it's Ashley here with Lion
Brand and I'm here to teach you today
how to Cable without a cable needle
we've all been there you embark on a new
knitting project and you get to the
point where you need to start knitting a
cable and you realize that your cable
needle is nowhere to be
found you've probably used a
straightened out paperclip or a
chopstick or a pencil or a cocktail
straw or one of those double pointed
needles that you have laying around and
those are all great options um but the
great news is that when you're doing a
basic cable particularly a 2X two or 3x3
cable um it's really easy to do them
without a a needle at all um so I'm
going to show you how to do that I'm
going to demonstrate a 2X two cable so
you're going to knit to where you are
about to start you're going to drop two
stitches and you can hold them in the
front or in the back just like you would
if they were on a cable needle
and then I'm going to pick up the next
two stitches and slide them over from
the left needle to the right needle like
that and then I'm going to pick up the
two drop stitches on my left needle
because cable knitting is basically just
knitting your stitches in a different
order so I'm just changing the order of
these stitches um and then I'm going to
slide the two stitches that I slipped U
I'm going to slip them back onto the
left needle from the right needle just
like
that and then I'm just going to knit
them as I would any other way whether
they were on a cable needle or if they
were just straight
stitches
so knit those four stitches and a couple
after that so you can
see you're going to have to know your
yarn a little bit I'm using Jamie which
is an acrylic yarn um a lot of acrylics
are going to work okay wool is going to
be okay for this um but if you're
getting into things like alpaca uh or a
bamboo blend um those are going to be a
little bit more slippery so they might
not hold those stitches that are dropped
um but you'll see with this that once I
drop the stitches they're pretty steady
there you're not going to want to pull
too much obviously um but if you're just
sitting here and working the stitches it
shouldn't be a problem to learn more
knitting techniques tips and tricks and
to view over 5,000 free patterns visit
our website at lionbrand.com