[Music]
good afternoon YouTube a beautiful day
out here nice and sunny a blue sky a few
fluffy clouds and my wisteria is out in
full bloom again this is when it looks
the best
this variety blooms and lease somewhat
at the same time other varieties don't
leaf out and tell that the blooms are
finished
well yeah it's looking really really
nice so these blooms they have a little
bit of length left but they're they're a
good size they probably go for hon
average 30 inches three feet but it's
just tons of blooms in here and the
awesome thing about this is in the
evening these things smell like grape
like candied grape like grape bubble gum
or something we can be sitting down by
the pond like 50 feet away and if the
winds blowing just right we can smell
all of this like grape scent and it's
just so sweet but yeah I thought I'd
bring you along the camera doesn't do
this justice in here these things are
amazing so I'm under the Arbor and
they're just sort of hanging down
they're not quite out it's full under
the arbor because it's shaded down here
as opposed to the front where we started
the video but millions and millions of
blooms here's the tag for this guy we
have got that one there it says up to
six foot blooms but so far I haven't
seen that but I don't use superphosphate
so maybe that's my problem
never look from the front yeah yeah
there it is coming back into focus again
just gorgeous so really this thing it's
um he grows extremely quickly and two or
three times a year we have to hack it
back
we don't hack anything back this time of
year but all of these sort of things
these branches like that need to come
off several times a year also like heads
into the bamboo and so we try to keep it
contained and cautery back as much as we
can all of these ones are already new
this year grows pretty quick but I don't
know I think this display is so awesome
it's worth it it's a lot of work not
right now but just keeping it trimmed
it's a lot of work and yeah but it's
just amazing so anyways that is my
wisteria update for the year looking
good looking great let's go under one
more time yeah there's so many thousands
of blooms the camera just like can't
even distinguish hardly between them
just gorgeous blooms
you're way above my head I'm just
holding a camera up there maybe it's
gonna be blurry no but it could be a
wicked view for ya I seen this um video
of this with Syria tunnel in Japan and
it just looked amazing they had all
kinds of different colors and in that so
a cool thing to look up like a wisteria
tunnel in Japan I think it was Japan
anyways but anyways I hope you like this
video and if you want to see more videos
like this make sure you subscribe to my
channel and as always thanks for
watching
[Music]