[Music]
hi guys following up on our video on the
cauliflower I just do a quick one
regarding the broccoli okay very similar
to the cauliflower is got you know
almost the same type of right I mean the
way you prepare it is very very similar
so just take this just be a very quick
video again we set up the station as
usual we've got three containers now how
do you work with the broccoli slightly
different than the cauliflower but in a
same time it's very similar so this is
your raw product okay
as you start first thing to do of course
you're gonna trim that untidy bit okay
so you both work by hand but you don't
want to cut too much because you can
actually recycle all these bits here now
the way you work again like the
cauliflower you're gonna let me see in
the video you're gonna kind of cut here
you see this is all kind of branches on
the florists so again we're going to be
cutting one by one the floors and we're
gonna put them in water
so like the cauliflower which is gonna
gently look at all these little flowers
you see we've make this noise once and
you can just go with your knife and as
you can see you discover there's more
and more of these little branches like a
little tree you just go slightly with
your knife and you make these little
incisions then you get a carve through
very very careful not to cut the whole
heads at once so sometimes you can have
larger ones but always trying to keep
that kind of flower kind of shape okay
you see this one for instance that he
didn't do it right this is an example if
you have cut it half in half okay I'm
gonna discard this one and here look
good one left and I'm gonna cut this one
off
okay just plunge it in water when is
done now what do you do with this a lot
of people just chuck it away immediately
now we recycle that in in French cooking
and this can be actually used for soups
or anything like this so in cases of
very thick bronze like this what you can
do is trim it and you can then reserve
it for things like soups and other
preparation to make a vegetable stock or
anything like this so what you will do
usually you'd leave it like this
sometimes you can make a little incision
at the back like a cross it helps for
cooking okay and I'm gonna put this one
in the water as well next step you've
got your broccoli heads in your water
what do you do you add some vinegar okay
so it's slightly different than the
cauliflower we we don't add any vinegar
and you can basically leave them to rest
for a few minutes
okay so let's fast-forward the time
let's imagine they've been there for
five minutes if there is any maybe
little insect or whatever you see they
will be floating around and what you
have to do is just again you have to
discard and scoop out the broccoli okay
I'm gonna put them on this side because
you need a second wash always wash your
vegetables twice you can see the water
is quite dirty
in the second wash you don't need to put
vinegar again okay so you got a first
wash which is rich remove the dirt any
any pieces of anything second wash it's
a rinse so any excess of any remaining
of sand or anything like that on some
little dirt or bits and pieces you make
sure the nice and clean but also it's
orange because the vinegar that might be
you know that taste the vinegar that
might be still hanging around you don't
want that so you just give them nice tea
a bit of a nice rinse and now they're
nice and clean
look at that exactly what you want and
this is the wash product and you're
gonna keep them on the side extremely
extremely simple okay and they're ready
for cooking
now you cook these either steamed or
again a long glaze which is in boiling
salted water bring water to the boil add
a bit of salt you pull on your broccoli
and you leave them depending on how you
want them it can be ten minutes a bit
more in just keep an eye on them if you
want a bit more crunchy a bit more soft
what you can do if you want sometimes
you can also do a little incision at the
back like a cross it does help for
cooking the stems a bit faster it has a
little in point but there you go very
very quick video and this is it this is
your end product
broccolis this one here you eat nicely
this you can discard it cut in small
pieces you can use it for stocks and
soup so instead of throwing this away
recycle and use it again great flavors
alright so I hope it was enjoyable and
I'll see you next time bye bye