before you start using your felt wheel
you should prep it and this is how to do
it correctly so I'm simply going to take
the felt
wheel peel off the backing plate paper
and place it on the jewel tool back pad
so I want to line it up just like this
before you press it just kind of take a
nice little aerial view of what's
Happening make sure they're all
aligned and firmly
press make making sure every single fin
if you
will is making full
contact to the backing plate
now I'm going to sand this down using
the purple that comes in many of your um
Jewel tool kits or if you don't have the
purple
you can simply put a piece of sandpaper
on a block of wood the objective is to
get just a flat piece to hold it up
against the um felt wheel to make it
flat so basically I'm going to hold it
like this up against the felt wheel to
make sure it stand
flat you run it at full speed and right
now you're going to see a little bit of
snowflakes and it's just natur natur
wool so if you want you can wear a
mask so I start off in the center and I
gently lift it up I don't want to sand
just on the edge I want to do a full
surface
sand and I like to touch it and like
that doesn't feel that smooth let me do
it one more
[Music]
time oh that feels nice and I'll just
touch the edge a little make sure I get
it nice and Crisp And that's pretty much
it
oh it's
beautiful you don't have to press too
hard while doing this but you just want
to make sure it's
even and you're done that's it now a
great way to tell if you have done it
properly is um use some
compound and see and make sure that the
compound hits Every Single Fin evenly
and you're good to go but if you're a
polymer clay user no compound necessary
and you should be
fine um I'd like to show also how to
prep your buff wheel and the proper way
to put it so with the numbers up on top
as you can see it's pre-drilled so it's
going to give you a
nice
even spin so I just barely put it on run
it at full speed and again you can take
your ninja
disc whether you have the Sandpaper on
it and the objective is to fluff The
Edge you see even with my own finger
I've been able to kind of wake up those
little cotton fibers and brighten them
up but we want to fluff it so I can
either do it like this again a little
bit more snowflakes or you can even just
grab an empty
blank backpad and you can just do this
too the objective is to get some fluff
going on and that's pretty much it so
take a look at
the
buff and what you want to do is make
sure it's got this beautiful fluff you
see that now that's going to polish your
metal or polymer clay
beautifully and that's how you prep your
buff and the felt
wheel