hi I'm Rachel ausis and I'm going to
show you some techniques on mustard
stain removal the thing about mustard
stains is you don't want to dry the
clothing until the mustard stain is
completely out cuz once you dry it
you're stuck with the stain so you want
to get the
majority of the mustard off first with a
paper
towel or a napkin you know something you
can
just wipe it off with and then you're
left with the yellow
stain I have here a bowl of water and
I'm going to
add just a little bit of laundry
detergent to
it mix that up really
good it's always better to use your
hands because you can really feel what's
going on in
there grab a
sponge and work it into the stain
this will get rid of the majority of the
stain as you can see there's just a
little bit of a light area of mustard
stain left now you want to go to the
next step which is pre-treating
your fabric you can spray it with a
commercial laundry stain remover or if
you don't have that you can use rubbing
alcohol it's a great stain remover for
clothing of all
types after you spray it with the
laundry stain remover let it sit for 10
or 15 minutes like you normally would
and then wash the clothing as usual you
know read the tag see if you want warm
or cold water but before you put it in
the dryer make sure the stain is gone if
it's not just repeat this process as
necessary if you've done it three or
four times and the stain's not coming
out it's probably because the stain is
too old and it's not going to come out
so try this and it should work I'm
Rachel jusis and that is mustard stain
removal
techniques