and that brings us to a mistake number
three end of paragraph citations like
you see here when an in-text citation
comes at the end of a paragraph the
reader really doesn't know for sure if
the citation refers only to the last
sentence of the paragraph or to all of
the sentences in the paragraph above it
so you want to avoid an end of paragraph
citation unless it makes exactly clear
which sentence or sentences are being
cited now let's fix it notice how the
use of the source has been integrated
into the paragraph and it's clear the
citation refers only to the last
sentence an in-text citation can only
apply to the sentence it is a part of
that's right an in-text citation can
apply only to one sentence at a time
that raises the question how many times
must I cite a single source and one
paragraph the answer is as many times as
you use that source here's an example
Barker and Gower 2010 examined the use
of leadership presence as a way to
increase productivity in the workplace
Parker and Gower present a model of
leadership that facilitates
communication throughout the
organization Barker and gals approach
may not be suitable for all
organizations but the information
provided can be useful to any leader
looking to increase communication
success in the workplace so a little too
much Barker and Gower I think so too
however avoiding the repetition of the
author's names is easy you just refer
back to the source that you've already
cited like this the phrases the author's
this approach and the information
provided all make it clear that the
sentences in the paragraph all of them
are based on Barker and Gower and we did
it
without repeating the author's last
names
this is perfectly legal and necessary
when you're discussing a single source
extensively in one paragraph