[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys here Taylor for Creative cart
and this is fix it Friday and today on
fix it Friday we are going to be talking
about the modeling chocolate and this
fabulous accent that I do that my
daughter hates and my boyfriend hates I
hope you love it anyways so modeling
chocolate I love it it has been
something that I've started working with
lately and I find that gumpaste and find
it still has its place for sure but
modeling chocolate is so versatile so
easy to work with and so easy to make
however there are a couple tricks of the
tray that you need to know and that I
would like to show you to make sure that
your my Bing chocolate turns out well
because if it does not and it breaks and
then you try to like knead it together
and it's all crumbly then it's you're
going to have to throw it in the garbage
like I found that there really no is is
no way to save it at that point so
hopefully from this video I can show you
how to do it and you can never have that
problem again so this is something
actually that I learned um from Jesse's
cake blog spot she is an amazing cake
decorator and she shows so many great
tips and if you go to her blog she talks
about modeling chocolate and she has
like a Q&A where she explains all the
possible problems and what is going on
and what you can do about it and how you
can get perfect melene chocolate and if
you don't she does have a couple ways
that you can troubleshoot but again I
found for myself that if it doesn't turn
out right the initial time like if the
oil if the Carol syrup and the oils from
the modeling or oils from the candy M
and all that stuff doesn't come together
perfectly then you're going to end up
with this crumbly modeling chocolate and
I don't I don't think there's any way to
really save it you can probably use it
for like figure modeling and stuff like
that but as far as rolling it out it's
just not it's not going to happen for
you um so anyways so we have a few
supplies uh you only need a couple
things and for me so like usually these
candy melts you know the Wilton Candy
Melts they come in bag that has ounces
on it like a 10 oz bag 10 and 1/2 oz or
12 oz bag I took them out of there
because I had a digital scale here and
with the digital scale it's so much
easier because you don't have to do it
in 10 oz or 12 oz um just so happens
that I am doing it in increments of 12
and 10 today but if you just need it
less or you needed a lot more a digital
scale comes it's it's so useful for cake
decorating in general in general but
especially for this because you can do
however much you want and then with
measuring out your Carol syrup which um
Jesse cakes gives a ratio for you want
to make sure that that's proper and you
want to make sure that you have your
measurements right um the other thing
about a digital scale as opposed to just
a regular like your grocery store scale
that you put your fruit in kind of
situation um the thing about a digital
scale is that you can tear it I mean
that's the most amazing thing so tear is
just like this little button here so
there's like you can put pick your units
you turn it on and then once you set
something on top of it you can zero out
the weight you basically make it so that
the scale is not considering the weight
of what you have on there and so then
when you put your candy melts in it's
only considering the weight of the candy
melts so you tear it and it will Zero
everything out even if something is on
the scale so that's awesome and that is
something that I'm I'm pretty sure the
other type of scales non- digital scales
I'm not sure what they're called but
those don't do that don't have that
function so uh I am going to show you
how to do two types of candy melts only
because the dark candy melts are a
little bit trickier than the lighter
color candy melts like the lighter color
candy melts tend to for whatever reason
work out a little bit better um and so I
have white which I'm going to show and
that was what I did a post about as well
super easy and then I also have black
black which I've never done however I
have done some darker colors dark pink
and all that kind of jazz so um this is
going to be my first time doing this so
hopefully it goes how I plann okay so
the first thing that you need to do is
just to like I said take your digital
scale Bowl oby and you I'm going to put
my Bowl here and then hit the tear
button make sure that your scale is on
ounces and then um it's on zero right
now
so actually let's start with the wh only
because I want it to stay white and I
don't want to mix the black into it so
I'm going to do the black after the
white so we can use the same
Bowl I
decided that I'm going to use 20
oz of the candy
melts and I may no this is okay I was
going to say I need a bigger bowl but I
think I'll make it
here
18.5
19.6 and
19
95
and that's too
much damn it
20.05 whatever okay so now what we want
to do is melt these and then we're going
to come back and measure out our carot
syrup this definitely I mean this would
be easier if I put it in a bigger bowl
but I'm just not that kind of person
because I decided that I'm using this
bowl that I'm just going to roll with it
okay so um usually you melt this on half
power but I don't know how to do half
power my microwave and I promise you
it's a lot harder than it sounds and
some microwaves have it where you can
just press the power and it'll go down
to half mine doesn't do that so it's not
a big deal I'm just going to put it in a
couple seconds and watch it really well
but just make sure that you don't burn
your candy melts cuz they'll caramelize
and you'll end up with all these like
candy melt I don't know like sugar
crystallization situations which is no
good for candy melts okay so let's let's
do
this
don't stand too close to the microwave
cuz you don't want to get the radiation
that is not an old wife's tail that is
true you should stand a little bit waste
away from the the microwave like don't
stand right up close to I never use my
microwave for anything besides like
candy melts and heating up a little bit
of fondant I don't heat my food in it
and this is unsolicited advice but it's
not good it like changes your food into
some crap it's not really food research
it not that this is really food anyway I
mean but I'm just saying if you were
like trying to heat up your your like
sandwich or I don't know your chicken
dinner in the microwave just don't just
do yourself a favor and put it in the
oven I mean I know when you're like
hungry you really want to hurry up and
get in the microwave and eat it right
away but I I am telling you the
microwave is
like it's like the
devil sort
of something like that something like
[Music]
that okay y'all I think we have a winner
here
and that looks pretty nice and melted
and now this is where the magic is going
to happen um all right so now that this
is
melted two things you want to consider
okay so the ratio according to Jesse
cakes is that you have to use the light
corn syrup and you have to use 21 Oz per
ounce of candy M so I did a little
calculation
pre-calculation and for 20 oz of candy M
and again this is for the lighter candy
melts is. 21 for the darker candy melts
it's
0.15 but um for the lighter candy melts
you do 021 so that's times 20 oz of
candy melt that's 4.2 oz of this bang
and so I have my candy melts on here but
again I don't want to factor in any of
the weight from the melts or the bowl so
I teared out my scale and I'm just going
to
slowly add in for
4.2
oz of syrup this looks like so much more
than 4.2 like I would never think that
this was how much you needed but it's at
38 right now so oh wa ease up a little
bit that's
45 okay 4.2 all
right
now the other
important part of this is that you don't
want to over mix it okay so um Jesse
case says
20 mixes at most but really you want to
just do it until it's Incorporated so
you don't have to count to 20 you just
have to like kind of keep an eye on it I
would count The Strokes but as soon as
you can stop stop on or before 20 then
you should stop okay and you have to
just kind of eyeball it and know when
it's Incorporated so that's
one two take over
here
3
4
five
6
7
8
9
10
11 I'm going to lift this up cuz this
bowl is too
small
12
13 14
15 you can see it coming together now
16
17
18
19
and
20 okay that's good so now that it's all
Incorporated just take some parchment
paper paper actually this is wax paper
but whatever parchment or
wax and you scoop it out
[Music]
onto your wax
paper okay and then you just want to
press it down flatten it
out
if there's a lot of oil on top you could
soak the oil up
with a paper towel but this is actually
fine I don't think it needs to be soaked
up there's not too much oil so I'm just
going to press it down and make it more
or less
flat all right and then we're going to
let this sit for about an hour
and come back and knead it and then wrap
it and when you knead it it will get a
it will be a little crumbly but it will
warm up from your hands I'll show you
and then you're going to wrap it and let
it sit overnight okay so put that up
there and then we're going to start with
our black candy Mouse and this will be
very interesting for the black Ms today
I already have exactly 10 oz of these
measured out so I'm just going to do
10 I don't really need much more than
that for what I'm doing with
them okay so 10 oz and I know that it's
10 because I'm looking at it and it was
teared um I'm going to
do15 oz of the candy melt so 10 oz time
* .15 is 1.5 oz so I am going to to tear
that
out
and
okay oh Jesus Christ um wow
okay that is not what I wanted to
do man okay what I actually wanted to do
was to melt these and then add in the
syrup so this is funny because I kind of
wonder if this is going to work much
differently if I add it in the syrup
first h i mean there's nothing I can
really do about it now actually so I am
just going to try this and see what
happens if we melt it with the syrup in
the candy melts already I told you this
would be interesting didn't it sheesh
this is either going to be really
phenomenal because I came up with
something new new and amazing or it's
going to be really bad and I'm going to
say don't ever do that and use your
brain you know through in life it's
important all right it seems as though
the syrup is heating up really
quickly so I'm just going to try and
like mix that in a bit not too much but
because I think the same thing applies
or over mixing you don't want to do
it if I had another bag of these black
candy melts I would
definitely do
this over like I would definitely be
like oh that didn't work let me stop my
video recording and get another bag but
too bad it is 2:46 in the morning I
don't think Michael's is
open but that's all right cuz you get to
learn
for my mistakes all right so that
actually seems like it melted faster
because of the candy
melts now because I've already been
mixing this already now you can't
necessarily use the 20 count method um
so what I'm going to say I'm going to go
with here is less is more so just try to
do as little as I can as far as mixing
is concerned to get everything
Incorporated and see how that works out
for
me this bowl is
hot so even though it seems Incorporated
I see that it was not and the more I mix
it I see that it kind of is starting to
take the shape of a re a
regular modeling chocolate how this
would look if I had actually waited um
to put the syrup in
and I think that this is okay like I I
don't really know like I'm going to say
that this is all right because to me it
looks like if I keep doing it it's going
to start breaking um so let's try it
we're going to pour it out on the wax
paper and I am going to wait for an hour
and then I will meet you back here to
show you what
happened with this
[Music]
thing
[Music]
and for this one I am actually actually
going to use the paper towel to soak up
a little bit of the
oil mostly
because I don't know it just seems like
it might help and because I happen to
have it here on hand so you
know all right see you guys in a minute
okay Moment of Truth here you guys let's
see what happened I have our black candy
melts here and they are quite soft and
crumbly so this could be an indication
that this did not work but let's see I
mean it could also be cuz it's very very
hot in here so the only way to
tell is to meet
together and see what
happens well this might be working
I'm very glad to say that it seems like
it's working just like any
other um just like any other uh modeling
chocolate that I've
made and again these have just been
sitting for like an hour so it could be
that tomorrow this comes together even
better but yeah I mean like when candy
Ms haven't worked properly you can tell
right away like they won't
even begin to form into a ball but
these don't seem to be having that
problem so I want to say they're fine
but I don't
recommend trying to do what I did as in
putting that corn syrup in before you
actually melt the candy melt but it
seems as though it's not as big of an
issue as I thought it was going to to be
because although these are a little bit
oily that's to be expected because
they're black as well I mean this is
really the darkest color that you could
get this seems to be okay I mean it
seems like it's going to be workable I'm
going to let it sit up overnight if
something does end up changing and it
doesn't seem as workable to me after um
it sits overnight then I will definitely
let you know in the notes in this video
but so far so good so let's try to see
what happens with the white ones and you
know what's funny is actually these are
even themselves kind of
oily and very soft
and that lets me know that it really
isn't a problem with the
black that it's really just that it's
hot in
here okay which is totally fine because
when I actually am going to to work with
these which is tomorrow it'll be a lot
cooler in here so I think that these
things will go a lot better with getting
these to have the proper
consistency but for now I actually want
to roll it on here for now I'm just
going to not let black pieces get inside
and roll this
together
okay and you just want to keep on
kneading
it until it kind
of comes together into a nice ball and
again I don't know this usually is a
little bit Smo smoother and I really
think that it's because it's so hot that
it's not getting as smooth as it usually
does on top it seems a little bit more
crumbly but when I come back to it
tomorrow I'll actually show you um if it
it's just me or if it's um really not
coming together well and maybe we did
something wrong or if it's fine and it's
just the heat in here so we'll we'll
pick this back up tomorrow next day next
day and guess what I am very excited
because everything is fine with our
modeling chocolate and not that I
thought it wasn't going to be but as you
saw for a minute there it was looking a
little questionable so um turns out that
the reason why that was happening for
sure is because it was like 80,000 de in
my apartment but you know how that is
you got to save the green backs and so I
had my air off because I was trying to
save a little money so you know how that
is you just deal with what you can deal
with it does too damn hot you can't take
it no more so last night I turned my air
hair on and um let this stuff set up and
get cool and so now when I come back to
it it's super it's super duper hard but
I just took a bench scraper and I'll
show you what I did I
just cut a little chunk
off and then this is the piece that I
actually um you can see it it's like
really soft really pliable almost looks
like Fant this is the piece that I
already cut off off and test it before I
started to make this video because I
didn't want to do it for no reason if it
wasn't going to work but um yeah so you
just take it I kind of hold it in my
hands a little bit and because this is
such a large piece if you try to do it
all at once I mean essentially you could
but I think it's easier if you take
smaller pieces maybe not quite this
small but just take smaller
pieces and and then um yeah just like
heat them up in your hand and then once
it gets soft soft enough for you to
maneuver just start
to massage
it and get it pliable and then you can
see see how easy that just turns into
beautiful modeling chocolate I'm so
excited okay now and then once you have
it you can start to put all the pieces
together see
so once you get the pieces soft you can
add them back into each other so I would
say just continue to cut pieces off and
to add them back into each other and
before you know it you will have a nice
Hank of beautiful smooth shiny modeling
chocolate I also um after I finished
filming last night and I went to like
try to think about why the modeling
chocolate was so oily and so crumbly I
was like all right I did a little
research and I found a website and it um
mentioned that that if the modeling
chocolate is a little crumbly and oily
oily more so than crumbly it's because
it's definitely too hot so a lot of
times if you add the Carol syrup in and
the candy melts were too hot when you
did that the oil will separate and what
they said is just to let it rest let it
cool down just how we did with this and
then go back and you should be able to
knead it so that it becomes smooth and
shiny which this is yay so now the the
tricky one over here was really the
black one so I did the same thing with
the black one this is what I came up
with um and it turned out just fine so I
have a little piece that I cut off
already this little chunk and remember
so this is like you can see how hard
that is too um and this you know we put
I put the Carol syrup in this before I
actually melted it and so I wasn't sure
how this was going to turn out but
actually it turned out just fine and I
really don't know I mean I thought that
was much easier only because the Candy
Melts melted much quicker with the corn
syrup already in during the microwaving
process than it does if you microwave
them separately but I don't know if
that's a good method because I'm not
sure if that just was by chance that it
happened to be okay that this happens to
be okay now or if that's a way that you
can always do it I guarantee you I will
continue to try it and and you know we
can ask questions about it below this
video and if it does turn out that it's
an okay way I would definitely say you
know try it out for yourself or ask me
how the rest of my modeling chocolate
turns out um doing it with that method
and I will let you know cuz this this is
uh this is quite all right so you can
see that as I start to massage it just
like with the white it starts to get
very
pliable and I see why you know and you
can see here why they call this um I
mean it's modeling chocolate but they
also call it chocolate clay or chocolate
yeah I mean it's literally like a piece
of clay like a piece of Play-Doh if you
have a three-year-old like
me so that's great all right so now you
know that it worked and you know how to
make modeling chocolate and thank you
for watching this fixed Friday and
bearing with me in my learning process
and we learning together um I actually
really appreciate that and again if you
guys have any fix it questions please
leave them in the comments below this
video or on our Instagram page at cake
college and I will be making a video
answer for you every Friday for people
who are trying to make mind in this
introduction
[Music]
sucks
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
Wonder