[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
some leftover plywood from building the
saw horses shaved down one in 20 mm it
will be
parallel so now I'll let them dry
overnight through the uh router one more
time and using the top bearing all is
just open the appropriate blast G all
right so now time to start installing
all the preps done we've measured we've
cut uh got the backing up and uh we' got
the tools that we need so in addition to
the uh the uh jig for holding it up
tight to the ceiling that we made ear in
an earlier video I want to show you a
couple of more tools that I'll be using
for the install obviously I'll be using
a nail gun I'll be using a just an air
driven 18 gauge with 2in um Nails in it
2in uh
Brads this isn't normally what I use uh
I have a cordless fusion syco fusion and
I found I've had various cordless guns
some with gas and some that just have a
crank uh with a battery I found this one
works as good as an air gun uh the
Dilemma is is my battery is dead but not
only dead in the sense of not charge but
won't charge so I have to get a new a
couple of new batteries and uh then I'll
be back to using this this is a really
nice gun when you're working up high not
having an air hose plus I had to stretch
150 ft of air hose from the compressor
up here so it would have been nice to
have this but uh air always works I'll
glue up the outside corner and then I'll
use these uh miter clamps uh to to hold
it together while the glue dries the
most important tool that I'll be using
uh I'm working by myself uh much cheaper
than having a second set of carpentry
hands just to hold stuff up I'll be
using these Crown hangers uh and these
are made by fast cap uh they are you
know an ABS plastic they're they're
really stiff really strong and they are
very easy to use and sure better than
having a second guy in another ladder uh
working with you um these whole I'll
show you how I install them I basically
depends on the the uh size of the crown
this particular Crown I know that the
top of the the um Holder will be about
an inch or so down from the ceiling it's
not critical we're not holding the crown
tight in position in fact we need it a
little bit down because to remove it I
have to push up there's a little slot
and a and an L-shaped slot and I have to
be able to push up and slide it off to
pull it out and nail the crown back so
pretty easy to install and then the
crown will just hang there while I'm
fitting the corners and so I'll show you
how I put these on right now so I'll put
on this uh about 11 11t section I'm just
going to put two on doesn't really
matter uh where they go and I U you can
use a nail it doesn't matter whatever
you attach it with it's going to remain
permanently you're just going to lift
off and leave it um I have a I like
using screws and another way I can do it
is I can put use my uh my crown holder
and just make a mark where the bottom of
the crown is and then just put it a
little bit below that so I have room to
push
up and I don't want to make the screw
tight because it'll hold it so you see I
can move it up and down and then CU I'll
have to reach up in and all I have is my
uh this tab to grab onto and I want to
be able to slide it off you see that's a
little tight so I'll make sure it's
loose enough and if you're just using a
nail a headless nail um you won't have
that problem at all so with the screw I
just want to be able to reach in push up
and slide off so this job I'm going to
start with the outside miter you saw me
measure I always measure clockwise to
the right
I always cut long to short to be the
most efficient with material and I
always install clockwise to the right
except when iall install
counterclockwise to the left in this
situation I have an outside miter so I
want to fit the miter first this is the
longer side of the miter so I'll get it
up get the short side up I'll work them
together fit them and then I know I'm
going to end in that back corner with
the cope so I'll be backing up to the
left one more time installing that short
piece then I'll jump out and finish out
the room to the right just simply drop
the
crown in
them and it'll stay I don't have to
worry about it falling out these are
real stiff plastic and uh they're loose
enough that once I start working the
corner I can move it in and out but
that's how I get away with doing it with
just these two hands and not having
expensive labor helping me okay I'm
ready to start installing I've got the
long piece hanging up in a couple of the
crown hangers and I've got the short
Piece One Crown hanger and it's just
kind of leaning down here that way I
don't have to uh reach back to hold it
up I can fit it once I get this one side
attached so uh first thing I'll do is
take my uh Crown install gauge and I'll
get this adjusted and you can see if you
just push it up it looks right the crown
installing tool it uh shows them way off
so I want to get
so that this is flat on the wall slides
up and touches the ceiling and that
traps it right in there at that same
spring angle that it was cut at it's
real important that um that matches and
and it's just really hard to see
visually so this little simple tool
helps a
lot and those are just TS to hold it a
little bit in place while I work uh the
the miter but I'll go ahead and nail
down on the next stud
so I I've got a nailed here and I went
ahead and pulled the crown stop the
crown holder that was down there so I'm
I'm good in here and now I can work the
corner and just laying it in there it's
a perfect fit so I'm going to glue it up
and then clamp it now I don't glue copes
cuz they're pressure fit but all outside
miters are glued glue the material on
both edges so I spread the glue on I
want to seal the
edges just a perfect fit top to bottom
cutting that spring angle properly makes
all the difference in the world and you
just cannot see it with your eye you can
be off just the tiniest amount and have
an e/ in gap from top to bottom and just
not be able to fit it but if you cut
these at the right right spring angle
and all it takes is that um is that
Crown jig The Straight Edge and then you
can get a perfect fit like this every
time went ahead and took down the other
Crown
holder and since this is such a short
piece by
uh putting it in at the proper angle
here it doesn't have much room to twist
so it the uh Crown gauge just fits
perfectly right there I'm still going to
hold it there while I nail
it so with the cat the butt is is you
know the cope is pushed in real tight so
the piece is tied in to try to roll it
up with the uh Crown stop it's uh it's a
little low so I need to bump it up a
little bit and it's tight so I'm going
to do that with just a wood block
down
so when I'm putting a long cope up I put
the crown hangers on and put not as many
as uh you know to hold it nice and
steady up there sort of flop it in there
and then I work on the actual cope side
and to get that fit and get a few Nails
in then I go back to the butt side and I
fit that in uh and and nail it off using
you know the uh the crown gauge so that
I know it's right and then I come back
to the middle pull off the last Crown
hanger and I'll spring it in and that'll
just push everything nice and
tight
so if you take a look at that inside cat
without any filler or anything it's just
absolutely tight and it's pressed fit so
that is going to go nowhere ever it's
going to always stay tight of course uh
you know this is paint grade so I'll be
filling all the nail holes and caulking
the top and bottom but as you can see we
don't have to worry about uh ever worry
about that
joint
so I don't know if you can see this last
little bow here I've kind of pushed it
through and my cope is lined up good and
so I just push this last little bit in
and it just pushes the joints together
so
tightly
is
well the woodwork is done time for the
painter to come in and do a little
cocking and fill some nail holes and put
a nice coat of paint on he won't have to
work on any of the joints though and
that's because of the copes they're
tight so I really encourage you cope
practice the light will come on
once you see the cope once you see the
cut and see the angle to put the saw on
it will be as easy as swinging your
miter saw over and cutting a 45 but the
installation goes much faster and you
got a much better finished product and
you can take pride in in your skill
being able to do copes so many
Carpenters avoid them because they think
they're difficult but the truth is
probably nobody's taken the time to show
them how easy they are to do if you like
these videos and you'd like me to do
more of them be sure to subscribe to my
YouTube channel and make sure you like
these videos as well and share them with
others also if you'd like to get a set
of plans to build yourself one of my
workbenches you can click on the link in
this video well thanks for taking the
time to watch have a great
[Music]
day