so you just took that first rind piece
off we I did so I want to serve the
cheese in a way that's representative of
the form of the cheese so everybody has
a sense that there's a rind and there's
um uh because that'll tell them some
information about the cheese about how
it'll taste about its
texture um and it's true to the to the
cheese cuz after all we're talking about
cheese makers and trying to be true to
them and represent their beautiful
products as best we can um so we do
leave some rind on when we're serving
the cheese except we will take off any
bits that are going to be mostly R
because you don't want to give people
mostly R to eat it's pretty
straightforward it's a pretty simple
process um there's a fair amount of
paperwork you know you have a a binder
on every cow that takes you through her
life from step by step from when she was
born and it shows who her parents are
and that everything she has eaten is
organic