hi everyone it's amanda from waffle
makers hub calm today we are going to be
reviewing the Vaughn chef Belgian waffle
maker it should make for Belgian waffles
at one time so it's a pretty big machine
we are going to check it out see how it
does it looks like a pretty
straightforward waffle maker so
hopefully it'll make some nice
golden-brown
Belgian whoa okay so I took the von
shaft Belgian waffle maker out of the
box and plugged it in and when I plugged
it in the two lights on the bottom came
on a red and a green and the
instructions say that when the red light
goes off that means the waffle maker has
heated up and ready to go so we were
waiting for that to happen it is a
fairly big machine I would say it's one
of the bigger waffle makers that we've
tested and when you open it up and ship
to handle here so I just open that up
there was a little latch so we have to
open it's a little tricky actually and
inside are the four Belgian waffle
plates the top and the bottom they
aren't too deep but they definitely are
a Belgian waffle style and it is a
nonstick pan so we don't have to grease
it or anything to get started so I'm
gonna go ahead and close it and that
latch closes again it's a little tricky
to open it if you have to flip the
bottom part there to open it up it does
say that the top will be hot once the
waffle maker is heated so I'm not going
to touch that silver top and I'm just
gonna wait until the light goes off to
pour our waffle bath so actually the
green light went off in the red light
stayed on so I guess that means the
waffle maker is hot I'm gonna lift up
this latch I think if you just push it
at the top here it doesn't hinge so push
it off and it feels hot I can feel the
heat coming off the waffle maker I'm
gonna go ahead and pour in some of our
amazing waffle batter the recipe can be
found on waffle makers hub comm and it's
great waffle batter works every time
makes a perfect waffles easy to make
from scratch batter so I'm just gonna
pour a bunch of waffle batter in there
that is probably about a cup total
waffle batter there looks good I don't
want to overflow it too much I'm going
to stop there I would say that's about a
cup and 1/4 a waffle batter for for
waffles I'm going to close the Machine
and since it takes about 4 to 5 minutes
to cook so I'm going to set a timer and
I had mentioned that I used about a cup
and a quarter of waffle batter and it is
overflowing out of the machine and down
the sides just in the corner here so
maybe next time I would use only a cup
instead of a cup and 1/4 also there is
no plate to catch the waffle batter
there is some ridges on the inside that
I'll point out when we open it back up
but it was a little bit too much better
for this machine
ok so it's been about 4 minutes and one
thing I noticed is that all this steam
pouring out you can probably see on the
video after they actually stick my hand
right on top of the steam to get to this
lever so it's kind of a poor design
because it's not that really hot so I'm
just gonna open it up quickly and there
are some pretty nice waffles those are
really golden brown and took about four
minutes as you can see the batter did
pour out the side a little bit caught
right here in the tray edge lets me to
catch to the extra waffle batter but it
still did come out maybe I should just
disperse it a little bit more evenly
because some of these waffles do have
holes they are really nicely golden
brown though and nice deep Belgian
waffle squares I'm gonna go ahead and
pull it out it looks like it came off
cleanly from the top of the waffle maker
there's no batter stuck and the waffles
didn't stick there the lights are back
on which means that the machine is not
quite hot right now but I'm gonna take
the waffles out and see if there's a
Welcome he came out of the machine
really easily none of them stuck to the
plates plates are all clean except for
the batter overflowed there it made for
waffles in four minutes so that's really
nice
I'm gonna go ahead and cut into them and
see how crispy they are this again is
our amazing waffle batter recipe pretty
crunchy where it's brown and there's
still a little soft where it is
not quite as brown there so it looks
like it cooked it pretty well no grace
was meted took four minutes
waffles came out pretty nice I would say
this is a pretty good waffle maker it's
a little on the bigger side if you are
limited on storage and I wasn't a huge
fan of that handle and reaching in there
to open up the machine with all the
steam coming out but it does hit make
some pretty good Belgian waffles so
again this is Amanda from waffle makers
hub comm you can read our full review of
the Vaughan chef waffle maker online and
check out some of our other recipes and
other waffle maker reviews have a good
day everybody things
you