hey this is Aaliyah milum of
premeditated leftovers acorn squash is
in season right now and one of the
things I frequently hear from my friends
is that they like acorn squash but they
don't know how to cut it so I'm going to
show you how I cut it I think it's a
little bit easier than just trying to
dive in and hack it up what I do is I
start by cutting off the top now this
part is still a little bit difficult cuz
you're cutting through the entire squash
see I told you it was hard but it gets
easier then I'm going to cut off the
bottom and after we've removed the top
and the bottom it gets a lot easier what
I do is I take my knife and I follow the
Ridge and I cut down each one of these
valleys and cut the squash into
wedges we just cut down start at the top
and cut it into wedges
and we just continue all the way around
the squash cutting it into
wedges after I have the squash cut into
wedges I take a knife with a serrated
blade I start at the top and partially
cutting and partially dragging I remove
the pulp and the seeds from the
wedge and I just continue at with each
wedge start at the top I cut down I drag
and cut after I have my acorn squash cut
into wedges I use a vegetable peeler and
I peel the skin off of the outside of
each
wedge by using a a vegetable peeler
instead of a knife I don't take away as
much
flesh after I've removed the skin from
the outside of each squash piece I then
just use a knife and quickly chop it
into small
pieces
this is how I quickly chop up acorn
squash for more cooking tips and recipes
using acorn squash please visit
premeditated lovers.com