hello it's my time welcome to self-love
Sunday I wanted to have a space where we
can just be out here it makes your
breathing in beautiful air and being
here for ourselves and having a space
where we can go one in one girl to girl
and have a conversation about self love
our ups and our downs about our
self-love journeys and learning how to
fall in love with ourselves on the wing
so welcome to the first episode of soap
love Sunday today we are going to be
talking about how to make time for
yourselves and actually you guys on
myself love organization that live and
love with yous instapage I believe over
here and down below what would you like
our first topic to be and you guys asked
for how to make time for yourself and I
get this question so often but it is
honestly one of the easiest things that
you can do we have school we have life
we have boyfriends we have our friends
we have a social life we have work and
all of these things combined and some of
the things in between we tend to forget
about ourselves we tend to forget about
the things that we can do to make
ourselves happy because there are so
many things that we actually have to do
we're too worried about that paper or
making it into work on time that we're
not taking the time to make sure that we
feed ourselves when I'm taking the time
to make sure that we groom ourselves or
tell ourselves that we're beautiful
things like that only takes anywhere
between two to five minutes but for some
reason we feel like you just don't have
that time and since when do you not have
time for ourselves we are or you are the
most important thing to you the more of
the most important thing in your life so
how can we not have the time to not take
care of ourselves I like to put myself
on a self-love routine or self-care
routine that I like to do anywhere
between anyway every morning or every
night I make sure that I do this daily
to keep my self-love journey going
strong and pumping and to make sure that
I'm still feeling sane within it myself
so for example I
love skincare and I like to take about
two to three minutes out of my day no
matter how tired I am girl and I make
sure that I take care of my skin and
they nourish my skin and all of that
although is so simple and so crucial
it's time but I'm taking for myself by
myself for myself so simple but then at
the end of it I feel so good and I love
the effects that it gives my skin at the
end of the day and that's another reason
that I fall in love with myself because
I love what I look like naturally and
it's all one big circle and it's
sometimes in the morning although I tend
to slack I do love to do some stretching
and some guilty' and just some really
quick meditation I play my favourite
instrumental Jam and I just close my
eyes and just breathe in and I breathe
out and I just take that moment for
myself so simple so small but so
impactful and that is how you make time
for yourself it's most times that when
we have these relationships with other
people the most important part of that
relationship or what makes that
relationship so strong is time so if we
take that time for ourselves and our own
relationships within ourselves imagine
how strong that relationship to be
imagine how much we can fall in love
with with the with our cell phones and
imagine how impactful that time will be
I really hope that was helpful thank you
guys so much for joining me on self
looks I'm they come down below and let
me know what would you would like for us
to discuss on our next level up Sunday
and until next time and never forget to
live
[Music]