hi everybody I'm back and today I'm
gonna show you all how to make salmon
patties here's what you will need you
will need two cans of pink Selman you
will need one medium potato and what
I've done with this potato is I've
peeled the potato and I boiled the
potato until it was fork tender
you will need onions green bell peppers
and red bell peppers and what I've done
with these as I've put less than a
teaspoon of oil in a frying pan and I've
saut√©ed the vegetables up I did them
ahead of time so that I can shorten the
cooking process of the video and also so
that my vegetables can be cool because
when you put these vegetables in they
have to be cool when you add them with
your Selman you will need to eights you
will need chicken powder here's what the
chicken powder looks like it's a chicken
Boyan flavor and it's in a powder form
you will need garlic powder black pepper
and Italian seasoned breadcrumbs okay so
the first thing that I need to show you
all how to do is let me take my ribs off
make sure your hands are impeccably
clean okay now let me show you what the
salmon looks like so it comes in the can
and you want to drain the water well as
much as you can okay and then you just
open it it'll fall right open for you
just like this okay and then you open it
and what you'll see let's get a good
picture down into here so you all can
understand this you'll see a line of
bones
these bones will come up very easily for
you these bones are not the kind of fish
bones that's really sharp
they won't stab you they won't get stuck
in your throat
actually these bow
here a lot of people eat these phones
but I take them out okay can you see
what they look like just like that and
then you take the others out these bones
are really soft and there's a lot of
people that eat them but I don't so I
choose to take them out so the bones are
here and there and you can't Missal okay
and then we'll come over on this side
and you open it up as well and you feel
for the bones here's the bones just like
so anything that I make in this kitchen
is so easy and yet it tastes so good
nothing hard to make in my kitchen guys
you hear me okay there's some boom just
like that now I'll discard of the bones
and then what I like to do is go in and
grab this dark part which is called the
silver skin and discard of it as well
now there's some of you that like to
keep the skin and that's totally fine
okay so now we'll turn this one over get
that silver skin off and we're in
business
okay so just like this and then we'll do
our second can as well now you all that
know me you know that I have another
salmon patty video so feel free to check
out that video okay I did that video a
year ago and I've heard a lot of people
saying well Gina I think it's about time
for another salmon patty video and I
thought well okay so here we are we're
back in the kitchen making salmon
patties again and I'm delighted to make
it for you all absolutely I am so I'm
going to do the same process with this
one as well okay you just grab the bones
and discard apple
okay get the silver skin off and you're
set I tell you one thing I'm gonna show
you all how to make one of the best the
best you hear me
recipes for salmon patties I love them I
grew up on salmon patties my grandma
made them and one thing that I'm gonna
do with this recipe that I didn't do
with my old older recipe the other video
I didn't put the potato in there but
today I'm gonna put the potato in there
my grandmom when she made salmon patties
she would always put a boiled potato in
there and that would be it does
definitely give it flavor but back in
the days it would also stretch your meal
you know stretch your meal so they could
feed their families absolutely so in
memory of my beautiful grandma we're
putting the potato in absolutely okay
can you just fill for your bones and
take the silver skin off just like so
same process make sure when you open
this one let me show you all that you
see those bones right there yep just
pull it right up it comes right up with
no problem when you all feel these
phones if you haven't felt them for the
first time you'll understand when I say
that these bones are really soft they're
not the bone that we're used to with
fish that are really sharp and can stab
you okay let's get the silver skin off
the bottom of this and I'm going to show
you all how to make these bad boys
salmon patties is on the menu tonight at
the Young's house
now what we're gonna do I have a nice
clean bowl and what you want to do is
bring your bowl into the equation and
put your salmon patties or your salmon
right on into that bowl and we're gonna
go in with the wooden spoon and you're
just gonna kind of mush your salmon
together because when you're making
salmon patties you don't want to have
big chunks now a lot of you might say
bajina can't do this with fresh salmon
absolutely you can okay and you'll do
the same exact recipe then you'll follow
the same instructions only you'll be
using fresh salmon no problem there when
I think of salmon patties I do it how I
grew up on them and that was with the
canned salmon okay so I'm gonna continue
to give a nice mush
if that makes any sense mushy mushy all
right next thing we're gonna do I'm
gonna go in with my spices so I have
less than a tablespoon of chicken powder
chicken powder Gina yes absolutely guys
please trust me when I tell you this and
since we're using this chicken Boyan
powder we're not gonna use salt okay
that way your salmon patties are nice
and seasoned but they're not too salty
because if you were to use salt and your
chicken powder it would be too salty
okay let's go in with a nice amount of
ground black pepper you have to have
black pepper in there absolutely let's
get a nice amount in there just like so
here we go
and then garlic powder I love the taste
of garlic powder in with my salmon
patties you almost have to have that
garlic powder in there there you go I
don't suggest
using fresh garlic with these salmon
patties okay and then I'm gonna go in
with my potato that I've boiled and I'm
gonna use just about whoops just about
half of this potato I think I'll use my
fork just shave off some funny use like
I said about let's see I might even use
the whole thing let's see and this will
also serve as a binder as well
that's all you need that's all you need
pin this here hey I'll eat that my hands
down here absolutely so then when you
saute up your vegetables don't use a lot
of oil or butter because we don't want
oily salmon patties okay and you don't
have to use a lot of vegetables I use
just a couple slices of green bell
pepper a couple slices of the red and a
very small amount of onion okay chop it
up small saute it up and make sure it's
cooled down before you put it in here
because if it's not cooled down you make
scrambled eggs how will you make
scrambled eggs well because we're gonna
put these eggs in you don't want
anything to be hot when you put your
eggs in all right that makes sense okay
then we're gonna go in and we're gonna
put some breadcrumbs in okay not too
much but just enough to bind your
beautiful patty this right here might be
just enough so I'm gonna go in with my
wooden spoon and we're gonna get these
eggs and potatoes well incorporate it
and all of those beautiful seasonings
and I tell you all what this smells so
good right now you hear me
boy this is really bringing memories
back absolutely it is Wow I
automatically when I think salmon
patties I think of my grandma yes I do I
can't help but to
mmm smells so good yes it does so how
you're gonna feel this to see if it's
ready to be Patti DUP and not Toulouse
is you're gonna kind of take it in your
hand and see if you can ball it up see
how that stayed into a nice ball and we
a drop it and it's still kind of in the
bowl absolutely it is it's ready I'm
gonna put just a tiny bit more bread
crumb just a teeny teeny teeny bit
that's it and then we have the perfect
mix it's ready to be Patti DUP I'm gonna
show you how to make these patties and
then we're gonna fry these bad boys up
mMmmm I came to make some mouths water
tonight you hear me who doesn't love
salmon patties in hooker I want you all
to let me know in the description below
who grew up on salmon patties if you did
let me know and let me know how your
family made them so I'm just gonna go in
and grab some of the mixture and you
just kind of patty it up just like when
I made the crab cakes and you make them
the size that you want when you make
them the bigger size as if it was a
hamburger
that's called a salmon patty and when
you make a little teeny one like this
kind of oval
that's called a salmon croquette okay
I'm not doing croquettes today I'm doing
patties and it kind of resembles like I
said a nice size hamburger just like
this so you want to make sure it's all
sealed on the sides nice and padded up
and we're gonna take this and we're
gonna take some flour let's put this
aside I'm gonna take this get all your
side sealed so it doesn't come apart on
you okay mash it down to the size that
you would like to see them okay take a
little bit of flour
and you floured aside and you dust that
extra off okay you see that a little bit
of flour all right dust the extra off
and we're going to set this aside you
can even take the flour and go across
the edges if you like what will the
flour do Gina well I'll tell you let me
grab a plate really quick so I can put
this on what the flour will do is the
flour is going to give you one nice
beautiful crispy crust a golden brown
crust that we all think about when we
think of salmon patties and I'll show
you I'll show you it's a nice crispy
golden-brown crust that I love that the
flour does now if you want it to some of
you might say but Gina I don't want to
use flour guess what you don't have to
you can make these and they're gonna fry
up nice and golden brown and they're
gonna taste just as good they're just
not gonna be as crispy as they would
okay with this flour all right but you
don't have to use it I promise it'll
turn out beautiful as well so then
you're gonna go in and do that same
thing same thing does the extra off put
a little bit on your sides all right I'm
gonna continue to do a couple more and
then we'll start the process of frying
these I'll be right back after I'm
complete patty in the others okay
everybody all of our patties are nice
and padded up and what I like to do is
I'd like to let these sit with that
flour on there for around about 7 to 10
minutes okay so everything can kind of
set back up okay and be nice and firm so
let's bring this towards our stove come
this way because I have a pan this is a
skillet that I want to use okay let me
show you just about how much oil I
haven't
Pam just about that much okay and then
we're gonna put our patties in okay ever
so gentle and I'm starting to hear a
nice sizzle you want to hear that right
away when you put your salmon patties in
the pan now naturally you're gonna want
to go in right away with a fork or a
spatula going in you know going in
looking at it don't mess with it just
let it be and it'll turn out perfect
because if you go in right now with the
spatula or fork messing with it what'll
happen is it'll fall apart on you and we
don't want that okay so what will happen
the salmon patties will actually let you
know when it's time to turn them the way
they will do that you'll start to see a
beautiful golden-brown ring right around
the bottom edge okay and when you start
to see that golden brown ring that's an
indication that you can go ahead check
on them and turn them okay you want to
stand here I don't suggest walking away
from the stove you know if you don't
feel like standing just pull a chair up
to the stove okay so we're gonna look
for that golden brown ring and you're
gonna put your stove on medium high heat
if you turn it up on high it'll burn
it'll cook really fast and the inside
will still be cold if you put it on low
it'll kind of steam and everything will
fall apart so you put it on medium-high
in this bad boy
hey listen you hear me oh yeah
absolutely
we're gonna have salmon patties tonight
and so when I was a younger kid I would
use ketchup on my salmon patties I don't
know if I would do that as an adult but
I want to try it to bring back memories
to see if I would still like it with
ketchup or you could use sriracha mail
you could use hot sauce you could
squeeze some lemon on here you can make
an aioli anything that you want to do
with your salmon patty you absolutely
can't hey you can put this salmon patty
between two pieces of bread and in go to
town you hear me
absolutely you can so possibilities are
endless when you're thinking what to do
with your salmon patties you could have
rice on the side you can eat it with
mashed potatoes and peas you can pretty
much do whatever you want with salmon
okay now they're cooking up nicely and
my house is smelling good don't think
just because it's a salmon that it has a
fishy smell this does not have a fishy
smell at all actually it smells
beautiful oh it smells good okay I think
I'm gonna go ahead and grab some lemon
juice out of my frigerator if I have
some and I do have some I'm gonna
squeeze just a little bit on it these
salmon patties are so easy so much fun
and yet it tastes so good oh okay this
reminds me I said yet it tastes so good
here's one of my cups that says yet it
tastes so good and on the back it says
in the kitchen with Gina Young you can
find this in my online where the merch
is located and then I believe I have
another coffee mug and it says I can't
do anything without God in my coffee I
think that's awesome one but if you
haven't had a chance to check the merch
I'll check it out I'm starting to see a
nice beautiful golden brown so now I'm
going in I'm gonna turn this first one
and see oh yeah baby you're there me oh
yes yeah see see see see this way this
is what gets me excited
that golden-brown beautiful color now
one thing I'm gonna tell you all and I'm
not sure if I told you all in the
beginning of the video as far as the
vegetables go the onions and the bell
peppers you don't want to put the onions
and bell peppers in raw how come and the
reason why is because these salmon
patties cook up so fast what would
happen is your vegetables if you put
them in raw they would never have a
chance to cook so you pre cook them you
call them down so it doesn't you know
heat your egg up when you mix them and
those vegetables are just perfect and
when you cut down in there or bite down
in there it gets such a beautiful color
with the onions and the red and the
green bell peppers now if you're someone
that doesn't like peppers then by far
you don't have to put peppers in okay
and it'll still be good if you're
someone who says Oh Gina but I really
don't like onions you don't have to put
it in there it's okay just follow the
rest of the recipe and leave the onions
out okay when you all make my recipe
make it your recipe but what you like in
it look at this let's get a good good
look at this guy's that's right here oh
yeah
this right here is salmon patties 101
you hear me think about making yourself
because if not you are totally missing
out guys this salmon patty is to
absolute die for you hear me and they're
not greasy don't think for one second
that these are greasy one thing that you
want to do to prevent them from being
greasy if you always want to make sure
anytime you're frying anything it
doesn't matter what it is you want to
make sure that your oil is nice and hot
and when your oil is nice and hot
nothing that you cook will be oily but
it
you're to ever put anything into a
frying pan and your oil wasn't hot and
you didn't take the time to heat your
oil up what will happen is they will be
oily okay and soggy so always make sure
that oil is nice and hot and what you
can do is you can take the back of a
wooden spoon and put it in your oil like
this and once you see a bunch of bubbles
come around the edge of your spoon you
know that that oil is nice and hot or
you can throw you a tad bit of flour in
there and if that flour sizzles right
away just like this then hey your oil is
nice and hot okay
I usually do the trick with the flour
and that assures me that my oil is ready
look at this and look how simple now
when I make the videos I pause I stop
and I pause and I come back and edit
different things and now the videos are
actually longer than the cooking process
of my videos like I said because I take
things out I add it I'm pausing and
things like that but this here hey you
could have this done 25 minutes 25
minutes and this was done and on the
table absolutely look at this this right
here really takes me back to my
childhood there's nothing and a lot of
you say it a lot of you all say thank
you Gina for taking me back to my
childhood like there's nothing like good
old memories good old memories
oh man you hear me absolutely I do and I
have a lot of memories eating salmon
patties I'm gonna check the bottom
because I'm starting to see golden brown
oh yes see this right here this is right
up my alley
my goodness are they beautiful I want
them to go for just a little bit longer
to get nice and golden and then we'll
take them out let me check on this one
oh yeah my goodness I'm a try guys
salmon patties for sure and like I said
if you wanted to make the croquettes
just make your patties a little smaller
into little ones you can make them over
oval and they'll be salmon croquette I
will do a video for the mackerel patties
I didn't grow up eating them but I see a
lot of people like them okay so I'll
have to do a video for them as well
because there's so many people that love
mackerel Patty and I just wonder this
mackerel patties tastes like salmon
patty
I wonder stuff like that all right let
me get a cooling rack to set these on
and I'll be right back and we'll give
these a try look at this everyone salmon
patties look at them nice and beautiful
any time you cook something and you fry
it you put it on the cooling rack
because a cooling rack will allow for
circulation to happen and your product
won't gets mushy at the bottom it will
remain nice and crispy okay so what I've
done is I've put the cooling rack right
on top of a dish air can circulate and
it'll stay nice and crispy
okay so let's arrange these right onto
our plate over here they've had plenty
of time to cool down
okay everybody here's what I want you to
see I want you all to see this beautiful
crisp eNOS that's on the outside and
then the inside is nice and soft and so
flavorful my goodness okay just to show
you just how fast these things go no
sooner than they they were they were
waiting on me to put that video on pause
so they could run in here and grab one
look at those guys look at this
beautiful crisp eNOS beautiful both
sides nice beautiful and crispy soft in
the middle let's give this one a try and
I'll set these aside okay what I'm gonna
do
I'm gonna squeeze just a little bit of
lemon on mine if you don't like lemon
you don't have to use lemon watch this
just a little bit that's it that's all I
need guys I'm gonna put just a little a
little bit of ketchup a little bit of
sriracha mayo we're gonna give this a
try
god bless this will thank you Lord for
feeding us every day taking care of us
and keeping us safe in your arms send
your angels down to surround us day and
night and your Holy Spirit to help us
make good decisions give us peace over
our mind Lord we love you we believe in
you we have faith in you and we thank
you again once again for this meal amen
let's go I can't take it any longer I'm
grabbing a knife just so I can cut down
in here and show you I normally don't
use a fork and knife this is just so I
can show you all just what the middle
looks like okay let me I have to take
these pieces guys I can't stand any
longer
oh my word my goodness let's see hold on
look at that beautiful you hear me
mm-hmm all right let's go give me that
piece right there
Oh nice and crispy I'm gonna let you all
taste this taste right there my goodness
look at this taste that I'm diggin in
[Music]
[Music]
hands down hands down this is the best
salmon patty in town you hear me taste
that bar my goodness hey if you all
enjoy this video mm-hmm give me a thumbs
up and if you haven't subscribed make
sure you subscribe and make sure you
click on that notification bell so that
you can be notified every time I upload
one of these awesome recipes and as
always god bless each and every one of
you thank you all for watching have a
good night oh yeah mm-hmm I wasn't sure
as as an adult if I would like to catch
up I still love to catch up on it my
goodness is that good god bless you all
have a good night