the best time to start a t-shirt
business is right now and if you've been
thinking about starting one then you are
at the right place hi my name is cart
test Ross and I've been using this
machine to sell and print tens of
thousands of t-shirts all over the world
and in this video I'm going to show you
how you too can use this machine along
with some blank t-shirts and the unique
t-shirt design ideas that you have
floating around in your heads to start
your own t-shirt business now before I
start flapping off at the Jaws I think
the best thing for me to do is to show
you how this machine works you can
literally make and print a t-shirt in as
little as 10 seconds so what I'm going
to do is take this blank t-shirt here
and I'm going to lay it down on this
machine and what it is it's actually
called a heat press essentially it's a
big hot iron and right now we have the
temperature set at 385 de so you have a
hot iron here and what I'm going to do
is take what we call is a heat transfer
and what this basically is it's it's
it's a design that's been screen printed
onto this release paper not the type of
transfers that you buy at the local
store and run through your home printer
but these are actually put on by screen
printers so whatever unique design ideas
or unique sayings that you have twirling
around in your mind you can literally
get it put onto these transfer papers
and we'll talk about that in just a
moment so I'm going to take this trans
transfer design and I'm going to lay it
here on top of the t-shirt and again 385
de of heat and once I clamp this machine
down it's going to exert an extreme
amount of pressure onto the transfer and
onto the shirt and right now we have a
timer that's set at 10 seconds so in
about 10 seconds you're going to hear a
beep go off letting us know to release
the pressure and the heat from the
transfer and the T-shirt there we go now
what I'm going going to do is simply
peel the design the transfer off of the
t-shirt and what you'll see is the
design has now transferred from the
paper and on to the t-shirt and these is
use for onetime use once you transfer
the design it's it's a one time deal so
in 10 seconds this is what we got we got
a t-shirt and let me walk up to the
camera so you can see a little bit
better lighting is not as good as our
approach but gives you an idea of what
you have so any type of unique design
ideas or says that you have twirling
around in your head you can literally
put it on to transfer paper and have it
transferred onto t-shirts in as little
as 10 seconds now again as I mentioned
earlier these aren't the same type of
transfers that you run through your home
printer um you can't go buy these at the
local Walmart or hobby store or whatever
um these are actually screen printed
inks that are put onto this release
paper I'm going to do one more just so
that you can see uh the machine in
action it's you can do so much with it
as you can see you don't have to go out
there and spend thousands and thousands
of dollars on high-end screen printing
equipment you don't have to mess around
with the messy inks um the fumes that
come from the inks and the mess that's
left on your clothes and on your walls
on your fingernails literally 10 seconds
is all need um you don't need a lot of
space you can literally put this on your
kitchen table and start printing
t-shirts and so I'm clamping down again
10 seconds and we'll talk a little bit
more about these transfers in just a
moment and here we
go and what we're going to do is peel
the design back the transfer off again
the transfer has transferred from the
paper and onto the T-shirt and you can
print onto dark colored shirts um canvas
tote bags aprons and uh let me get let
me walk up a little bit more so you can
see
this any idea you have twirling around
in your mind you can literally get it
onto a transfer and onto your
T-shirt um and just to show you this is
a little baby Romper jumper you can
transfer onto this
let me see if you can see
that so anything I mean literally so if
you have a niche where you want to cater
to babies or children or doggy clothes
outfits you can transfer on to those
clothes as well and um rompers and you
can buy these wholesale you can buy
these blank as well and we'll talk about
that in just a moment as well but as I
mentioned earlier you don't need to go
out and spend tens of thousands of
dollars on high-end screening screen
printing equipment you can literally set
this up on your kitchen table spare
bedroom basement garage bedroom closet
anywhere in fact these machines you can
typically buy them for about $1,000 but
I'm going to show you how and where you
can find them for as little as2 and $300
you don't need to break the bank you can
literally start this business on a shoe
string budget and we're going to talk
about that in fact what I've put
together is a free course um free mini
course that and if you scroll down below
the video you'll see the different
modules that we have no credit cards
required we're not even going to ask you
for that um you can scroll down you can
get access to the free mini course and
as you see in module one we're going to
spend some time talking about this
t-shirt heat press machine we're going
to talk about how the Machine Works how
to choose the right one because there's
a variety of machines out there in the
market Marketplace for example if you
want to uh print onto baseball caps um
you can there are machine specifically
made for printing onto baseball caps you
can get the designs made onto the
transfer and you set the hat in the
machine and you can transfer the design
onto the baseball cap so we will talk
about the different machines that are
available and again I'm going to show
you where you can get them we sell them
for $1,000 but you don't have to do that
if you're strapped for cash if you're
trying to bootstrap this thing start on
the shoe string budget I'm going to show
you where you can go get these machines
for as little as2 to
$300 um and we're also going to talk
about the different things you can print
on to as well module two uh we're going
to talk about this transfer paper as I T
told you earlier in the video you can't
buy this at your local Walmart the the
inks that are on here are plasticol inks
which are the exact type of screen
printing inks that screen printers use
and they simply got this special release
paper that's that's that was blank and
they could take your design ideas and
they can transfer them or screen print
them onto this release paper and send
them to you and we're going to talk
about um how the transfers paperwork
where you can get them from and um we're
going to talk about and show you some
examples of how you can print this on
dark colored shirts and garments uh
hoodies sweaters um aprons etc etc
module three we're going to talk about
getting your designs made this is very
important because if you're like me um I
don't know how to draw and there are
some designs that are complex let me
show you
one that will require you to use a
graphic designer because again I can't
draw a stick figure and if you're like
me you're going to need somebody to take
those ideas that imagination of yours
you're going to need somebody to take
those thoughts of yours and create the
designs or Draw them out for you and
there are graphic designers all over the
world that are willing to do that for
you and I'm going to show you how you
can access those folks um and they will
take your design ideas and make them for
you for literally Pennies on the
dollar 10
seconds and we're going to trans pull
the transfer off
and what you get is another t-shirt let
me walk up a little bit again so you can
see
that and the do not peel because again
we're using screen printed inks these do
not peel they do not crack they do not
fade they do not smear smudge in fact
you can put these in the washing
machines a hundred times and they going
to still look just as great and uh but
anyhow we're going to talk about that in
module three getting your designs made
module 4 this site's been up for several
years now people have asked me a million
questions about this process I've
narrowed them down to the most commonly
asked questions about this process in
module 4 and we're going to talk about
those um in module four module 5 we
going to talk about how you can
literally get started um with your own
t-shirt business on the Sho string
budget we're going to talk about some of
the basic things that you must have such
as a business license um we're going to
tell you how you can go get them also
another thing you're going to need is a
sales tax ID number so that you can buy
blank t-shirts at wholesale rates most
of the vendors will not deal with you
unless you have a sales tax ID getting a
sales taxx ID is free and in module 5 we
going to talk about and show you where
you can go get yours so that you can
start buying from these vendors right
away um we're going to talk about
federal tax IDs so you can open up a
business bank account um and get your
business Incorporated we're also going
to talk about how you can protect your
design ideas a lot of people are
concerned about somebody stealing their
ideas or knocking them off and uh we're
going to talk about some of the options
that are AV ailable to you to protect
your design ideas and beyond that we're
going to talk about how you can start
marketing and advertising and getting
your designs or your Brands out into the
marketplace so that people can start
buying your t-shirts my name is cartes
Ross sign up for the free mini course
below if you're watching this video from
another website visit us online at www.
tshirtriches.com that's www.
tshirtriches.com if you have any
questions feel free leave your comments
below someone from my office or myself
will answer your questions and have a
wonderful
day