hey everyone welcome to today's project
video today we're going to be talking
about replacing a toilet seat to any
given toilet bowl the reason why we
decided to do this project is the
current toilet seats that we have they
were either shift it broken cracks or
there's an off-white and it didn't
really fit the bathroom to the look that
we wanted so we thought it was time for
an update so the things you'll need for
this project very easy the toilet seat
that you're wanting to replace a
screwdriver I have a Phillips in this
case sometimes you will need a flathead
a wrench of some type I'm using a socket
wrench and also I have an exacto knife
to scrape off any glue excess material
from when you take that toilet the
previous toilet seat off and are about
to put the new one on we're picking out
a toilet seat you got to make sure you
have the right size in the u.s. there
are two different specific sizes ones
round ones elongated you look at the
toilet bowl one has more of an egg shape
versus a round shape if you want to
measure you can go from the bolt to the
front of the bowl the round is 16 and
1/2 inches and the elongated is 18 and a
half inches or when you sit on the
toilet seat you can clearly tell a
difference of which one has more room
almost always the toilet seat will come
with its own hardware so take that out
and you'll see that this specific toilet
seat has two bolts and two nuts two dots
go on the bottom two bolts go on top in
removing your old or current toilet seat
I need to do is pop open these little
doors that cover the bolts they need to
loosen with your screwdriver underneath
this if you haven't cleaned it for a
while please do they get really gross
especially if you have a bunch of boys
or kids just a quick visual of
underneath the toilet bowl this is where
the nut tightens to the bolt and secures
that toilet seat take your screwdriver
and unloosen the bolt if these bolts or
nuts haven't been removed for a long
time and will it be gross so make sure
you're either wearing gloves washing
your hands or just trying to stay clean
throughout this whole process and pop
out the other bolt this is where I use
the exacto knife blade it doesn't have
to be an exact blade like this but this
just gives it a nice clean finish making
sure all that gunk and goo
glue that was there previously is coming
off I didn't want to show you how gross
it was before and that's why I cleaned
it up a little bit take your bolts put
them in the hole and then tighten that
up with a nut at the bottom now this
specific toilet seat actually has a way
that you can adjust the seat so you go
closer to the back of the tank or closer
into the bowl position the seat and head
tighten the bolts as you tighten the
bolts you'll notice that the toilet seat
will actually tighten or move in one
direction as you do one bolt and then
switch the other just continue to
position that toilet seat on where you
want making sure it's flush with the
bowl if you liked it more forward so you
can grab on to the bowl easier and lift
it up that's fine or if you want it more
back whatever you feel suitable position
to that point and make sure you tighten
up the hardware that's given in this
toilet seat is actually really nice
because it's plastic if you continue to
tighten it'll snap right off that little
bolt on the top so there's no question
as far as if it's under tightened or
over tightened if you try to over
tighten it it'll just snap here's a
close-up of the bolts after they're
tightened if you want to replace it
again just unscrew the bolts snap those
tabs closed and you're done
[Music]
hi everyone thanks for watching today's
video if you guys have any questions or
comments please do sit down below I will
be posting a review video within the
next few days that will go a little bit
more in depth the product that we use
for this specific project also if this
is your first time here we would ask
that you would subscribe to the channel
we have a whole bunch of projects coming
out and in turn also produce more review
videos as well and thanks watching guys