hi I'm des postman and I'm going to show
you how to make a Moscow Mule we don't
need any crazy tools we only need a
juicer and some ingredients no cocktail
shakers or mixing glasses neither I'm
making the cocktail in a mute Cup which
is a copper Cup traditional miscomi oka
if you don't have it you can also use a
watch glass or a whiskey glass we need a
fresh lime juice it into the glass comes
down to ten milliliters for half-life
then woke up 45 minutes all right onto
the hearth and then we're gonna top it
up with ginger beer it adds a little bit
of a spicy accent to drink the accent of
that ginger ale relax and then as a
finishing touch some anger Stuart
bitters first we're gonna just stir it
up we're just gonna drop this squeeze
lime on top of the drink fixture garnish
as well and just drop two dashes of
Angostura bitters on top so when you
take that see if you have the aromas of
the bitters and while drinking the drink
it will want to add some complexity
that's it promotes commune and if you
want to see more videos just follow my
channel on YouTube hi today I'm gonna
show you how to make it original Collins
some of you will think Collins Jim
raised