[Music]
we to turn it
turn hi Beauties welcome back to my
channel so today's tutorial as you guys
can tell is going to be this Medusa
Halloween tutorial I'm going to go ahead
and Jump Right In by taking my morphe
12p palette and setting with the white
shadow in this palette all over the lid
up to the brow bone for the base I did
as usual use the Nyx jumbo pencil in
milk so now going in with the lime green
from the same palette by the way we're
going to be using this palette for the
entire look so I'm taking the lime green
color with my morphe e27 brush and we're
going to apply this as our transition
color you always want to start from
lightest to darkest and use this as a
diffusing
color I'm using quite a few different
brushes so here I took my Mac 227 brush
with the same lime green Shadow and I
started building the intensity I
switched to a smaller brush because it's
much more dense and it'll pack in more
color then I'm going to take the yellow
in this palette and soften the edges of
the green this is going to help build a
really nice
gradient to intensify the look I'm going
to take the deep forest green color in
the palette with my Mac 221 brush and
I'm going to start building this up from
the outer corner cor notice that I start
by pressing the color in and then
sweeping it into the
crease I did however notice that the
pigmentation wasn't as intense as I
wanted it so I just sprayed some of my
Pixie rose water setting spray onto my
brush and just started intensifying the
look a little bit more and this really
helped I'm now going to take the black
shade in my palette with my morphe r44
brush and we're going to start building
the intensity in the crease starting
from the outer
Corner then I'm taking my dose of colors
pencil brush and we're going to diffuse
the edges it's always really important
to use a very precise brush so that you
don't disperse the color too
far and then now it's time for the start
of the show so I'm going to take my
glitter glue this one's from shopware
Beauty and I'm going to apply that all
over the lid kind of in the same shape
as I would apply my glitter this is just
going to give you a much more cleaner
look so we're just going to apply that
on with our dose of colors flat definer
brush then we're going to pack the
actual glitter which is also from
shopware beauty this is in the shade
goddess it's a really pretty metallic
champagne gold it is so pretty the
quality in these Glitters are amazing
you guys have seen me talk about them
before and I will link the exact website
down below in the description box to
make things a little bit more cleaner
I'm taking my NYX luxie liner in the
color 24 Karat and I'm just going to
clean up the edges this is going to give
a much more sharper look and intensify
the glitter a bit
more you guys probably thought we were
done here but we're going to take it up
a notch by taking some more black shadow
and running that closest to the glitter
to intensify things and smoothing the
edges notice that I am bringing the
Shadows outwards I wanted this look to
be very blown out since we didn't do any
liner for Lashes I took my mink lashes
from icon and these are in the style OMG
I wanted something very full and very
long so these would be perfect and then
just adding a coat of
mascara so things are getting pretty
real here I'm going to take my Mac
Studio fix fluid in the shade nc15 and
apply that on with my damp Beauty
blender all over my face I felt like
doing a lighter um color on my face
because I wanted the actual scales that
were're going to apply to pop and then
to act as our highlighter I'm actually
just taking some white face paint any
face paint will do and I'm just applying
that and blending it in with my beauty
blender as
well I do want to throw in a quick tip
when I was using these water activated
paints I did notice that they applied a
lot easier when your sponge is damp I
made the mistake of trying to blend this
out with a more drier sponge and it was
so hard I was getting a lot of streaking
so just to throw that out there that'll
be a lot more helpful for anybody that
wants to use water activated paint I'm
now going to set my entire face using
the Laura Mercier translucent powder
this will lock in the paint and make
sure that it doesn't
move so doing the exact same steps on
the bottom lash line as we did up top
and the exact same color so this lime
green right underneath the lower lash
line kind of blown out don't be precise
with this cuz it's not going to be
perfect then we're going to take the
darker green we're going to run that
underneath the Lash line keep in mind
we're trying to keep these colors a
little bit more
separated then we're going to take our
in lot gel liner number 77 into the
waterline and notice I'm bringing that
below the Lash Line This is going to
help when we give out that blown out
effect I do use a little bit of the
darker green to blow everything out and
then top it off with with the lime green
to finish up the eyes we're just going
to add a little bit of mascara and this
is the benefit their Real
mascara I'm now going to take my benefit
hoola bronzer and bronze up my skin a
little bit again this is optional
because we are going to be doing scales
so technically it'll get covered
up all right this is freaking hilarious
we added the fishnet to our head I just
kind of put mine right up top I didn't
want to cover my eyes or anything so I
kind of folded it and I'm taking the
same lime green color and I'm going to
start pressing this into the skin you
have to be very precise and you have to
pack the color in so that way your
scales don't come out too faded I'm just
going to layer that
up I'm now going to take my Paradise
paint in the color dark green and we're
going to stipple that onto our face so
I'm layering over top another pro paint
this one's from graftobian and it's
electric yellow neon should look
something like this however I did add a
little bit of that gold liner I did on
on my eyes right over top but my camera
decided to not film that part so moving
on to the side of the face I'm going to
go ahead and do the same exact St steps
so I'm going to take the electric yellow
first and then the dark green and kind
of start building and layering those
colors up your finished result should be
something like this minus the crazy hair
and we're going to repeat again on the
other side just remember to always start
from the lightest to darkest so I'm just
going to layer the neon again the dark
green build it
up and
boom I had to add my highlight to this
look so I took my morphe Daisy danger
highlighter palette and added that glow
this is the only part I wish I would
have done differently I actually used a
eyeliner on my lips I used the tarte
tardus clay paint liner and I felt like
it ended up looking a bit more on the
charcoal gray side which is totally okay
if that's the look you're going for but
I wanted more of a matte black look but
it's okay it is what it is it ended up
looking cool anyway away and then
cleaning up the edges with my foundation
and a flat Shader
brush and this completes the look guys I
really hope you guys enjoyed this
Halloween tutorial if you did please
don't forget to push that like button
and subscribe to my channel for more
Beauty videos I'll see you guys next
[Music]
time