hi guys this is me K and before anyone
wonders I am sitting on the treadmill
and front the window because it is the
absolute best lighting that I could find
in the house right now so if anybody's
wondering that's where I'm at on the
floor in front of the window so today
I'm going to be showing you guys my
braces routine and how I keep my teeth
clean while I am in
Ortho if you guys have been watching my
videos I you will know that I had braces
since November of 2015 and I still have
over a year or so to wear them um so I
was like okay well you know go ahead and
do this video to show people how you
keep your teeth clean and not by any
means do you guys have to do the exact
same thing I just wanted to share how I
keep mine clean um it is important that
you go to the
dentist three to every three to six
months to have a cleaning to be honest I
have not been to the dentist one time
for cleaning that's because I cleaned
them myself and later on in the video
you will see how I do that um it's also
important to keep your mouth clean while
you are in Ortho because you are more at
risk for gingervitis and periodon
disease you know you need to brush your
teeth two times a day or more once in
the morning one time before bed and
don't eat anything after you brush you
know at night time so that is because
that that that slimy feeling you feel on
your teeth in the mornings is full of
germs and bacteria and it can cause your
gums to become red and inflamed and
bleed and that's something you don't
want because your body will treat that
like an infection your mouth needs to
stay clean because it is the gateway to
your body so you keep your your mouth
clean and your body will stay healthier
so that is all I'm going to say for
right now and I'm just going to show you
guys what I use in my routine on how I
keep my teeth clean and disclaimer I do
not do this full routine every night I
might do the whole thing once a week but
every day I brush and floss and mouth
wash or use mouth wash but as far as me
cleaning and doing some of the stuff I
don't do all these steps every night so
let's get into the rest of the
video so this is my Trace if you guys
remember it is the same little tab Same
is the little tablets that you used to
get from your dentist that were either
purple or green or pink so mine is just
the liquid form so I colored my teeth
and now it's all
pink and I'll rinse this off in just a
second and I should be left with a nice
clear fil nice clear pink film and it
should show me everywhere that I need to
work on
brushing
so like I said a nice
clean pink film looks like I've been
doing a pretty good job with keeping my
teeth
clean so the first thing I do after I
trace is use my instruments this is what
I was talking about earlier when I said
I clean my own teeth I do not recommend
you buying these I only have a kit
because that is what I went to school
for and I know how to use
them so this is my
scaler and how I use it is I just go
between my teeth and I kind of scale
away all of the plaque or Tarter that
has accumulated on my teeth this is
actually me trying to clean the lingual
side of my teeth but it's not working
very well so yeah that is my
scaler after I
scale I reach over and I get my jet pick
and it does have a piece of floss right
in that clear tip I fill the green part
up with water and it squirts water like
so so I take the tip and I place it all
the way to the last tooth of my mouth
and I just turn it on and let it floss
away all of the food and Gunk and stuff
that
is in between my
teeth this is my toothbrush that is
terrible I have destroyed it and you
don't want that your dentist recommends
that you change your toothbrush every
three months I go through toothbrushes
probably once every month I change
them this is my Crest Pro Health advaned
toothpaste this is what I use every day
and when I did this video I realized
that it did have whitening so so I have
to get another
toothpaste this is my pronamel that I
use not every day just every other day
and it just helps with any sensitivity
that I may
have this is the toothbrush they give me
at the orthodonist it is very soft and
it also has an interdental brush at the
end which I
love when I brush I just place a small
amount of toothpaste on the toothbrush
just enough to brush my teeth
with so I start brushing the bite and
surfaces of my teeth above and below my
wires this is
above
and somewhat
below so I brush anywhere from two to
three minutes but for the sake of this
video I just did a little quick swipe
just to show you guys how I brush and I
also have a power brush but I don't use
it every
day so I take the in the in Dental part
of my toothbrush and place a little bit
of pronamel on it and I just go in
between my brackets because I don't
trush the bristle part of my toothbrush
to get in between the brackets so this
is how I make sure that in in between my
teeth are nice and
clean
and I just keep doing this until I have
completed my whole
mouth sometimes I forget to do the
posterior but this is me showing you
guys that I do do
it so I'm just rinsing this away
hopefully all the pink stuff will come
off so this is my Glide threader floss
even though I use my floss pick and it
does have a piece of floss in it I feel
like nothing's better than using your
hands and a piece of floss to get in
between and make sure that you didn't
leave anything in between your
teeth
and this is actually my favorite floss
because it has the the tufted
end so I just go in between the brackets
being careful make a c shape and floss
both sides of the
tooth and again going in between my
brackets making a c shape and flossing
one side and then the other and pulling
straight out being careful not to cut my
gums with the
floss this is my Listerine as you guys
can see it is empty pretty much um I
saved just enough to show you guys in
this video and to have a little bit for
tonight until I can get to the store and
get me another bottle but I rinse with
that and sorry that was not supposed to
happen
so I rinse my mouth with the liserin and
then I L rinse with the water because I
don't like the aftertaste that the
Listerine leaves so that's what I'm
doing just rinsing my mouth out and so
now everything should be nice and
clean like
so so yeah you guys that is how I keep
my teeth clean that is my weekly routine
and
thanks for watching like comment share
and
subscribe