sup guys kicked ass over here with my
mom I'll and since this Thanksgiving we
are going to be making scotch pancakes
or Scottish they do not have alcohol is
a tradition in our skies tradition yet
so we got a little recipe here for the
Scot pancakes they're basically like
miniature pancakes my face got caught
him for that job so um and you eat them
cold yeah you hold with butter so the
first thing that you're going to need is
two cups of flour which we are gonna
pour into the sink bowl over here that's
a good shot yep
that
so and if you want to play a giant
flying panniers are going to be really
careful okay now that we got the two
cups of flour and we also put in some
baking soda
get my lucky strawberry shortcake
by the way when I did baking soda I see
the literal stuff so don't don't get any
ideas okay next up we need one teaspoon
of cream of tartar it's active you might
think is like powdered tartar sauce it
is not like that at all what what is
charter some cream of tartar I'll do the
eggs free okay you can do the eggs she
also viewed up some margarine butter
yeah butter darn yes brand new okay
signing at that and see it just it's
kind of like baking soda it
mom's making the egg like she watching
the eggs and you're also going to need
half a cup of flour sure I keep missing
up today to be very boring for you I am
sorry for everyone in stones upon this
video what makes them Scottish I mean
that we make them just like regular
pancakes don't there's some little bit
sweeter and they're smaller and you eat
them cold so it's instead of a biscuit
or a bun you eat this this is our dream
with scholars and others there's no
scope shin yeah no I'm too young to
drink so okay now we got the shoe songs
with all the drawing trees okay we're
gonna just dry ingredients first then
you're gonna need some good old sandy
tavern
and I want to put in a tablespoon of
salt when it asked for like half
teaspoon what happened was um I didn't
see where it's at a teaspoon or
tablespoon and is it 0.5 but in reality
it was 5.0 and so I ended up putting a
tablespoon result into
said half a tablespoon so they were
really salty it was actually cookies and
make off with a tablespoon of salt
results oh that was a bad day next up
eggs and milk
and then finally
but
sorry headphone users
okay now that you've got all the
ingredients mixed it's time to put them
onto the pan to cook taught me to do
this its first one um there you can do
it out other the first one I mess up
so yeah he very careful hopefully we'll
do better than I am
Getty very careful and ooh kind of mess
that up yeah I'm trying I'm trying to
try
beautiful can we get three beautiful
pancakes this process will keep going
for a really long time as we have quite
a bit of batter so I'm right here and
then go back okay when you're done your
pancakes they should look like that and
now all I have to do is put a little bit
of butter on them and Billy pretty much
good to go fine so you get that and you
have to put a lot of butter onto the
pancake so it looks sort of like that
men I just you usually you wait until
dinner but then I'll get home they're
supposed to be called
and now finally everyone this is what
the pancakes should look like beautiful
so really hope you enjoyed this video if
you did like subscribe all that jab and
I will see all of you