almond bark it's not the bark off of an
almond tree so why is it named that I
decided to ring up girlies a maker of
almond bark to get an answer how would
you describe your almond bark to someone
who's never had it
before
um I don't
know it's kind of a white chocolate can
you tell me what's in almond bark um I
don't I can give you Jerry he knows more
about the
product Jerry plat hi my name is John
and I have a question about not
available leave a message wait for the
tone this was clearly a dead end so I
called up Plymouth Pantry brand almond
bark can you tell me what's in almond
bark um sugars
and um
oil um and then um depending whether
it's the vanilla or the chocolate
um um milk powders and um cocoa powders
for the chocolate stuff like that can
you give me an incredibly long and
awkward explanation of how almond bark
got its name yes I know it's kind of a
funny name um almond bark the I guess
it's a term um more came from
traditionally
the treat that people used to make with
it which consisted
of you know pouring the almond bark onto
a sheet of wax
paper or the bark and pouring almonds
into it and then hence the name almond
bark cuz they broke it into pieces can
you tell me who performed at last year's
almond bark
conference um no do you have any
questions that you think I should ask
the Candy Corn people or the ribb candy
people
um not off the top of my head all right
great okay thank you so much for your
help and that's how you get the almond
bark people to talk this is just John
just
reports