no siree Charlie walk on camera again
say hello Joe hello regular fixture now
today I'd like to talk about planting
your Irish seeds sowing your own seeds
get your irises going for next year for
this we need a few things we need a
container to put them in I've got a
supermarket container here that I've
made holes in the bottom with a
screwdriver
or put on a bit of dirt make the holes
like that I've got some compost which is
a seed compost it's quite gritty so I've
got a third sound a third re-used Pete's
old grow bag something like that and a
third topsoil city's Civic down we'll
have sill about that big sort of five
mil four mil holes in there can you see
that chunk you know that's reasonably
fine sieve and of course you need your
receipts now I did a post earlier about
how to search your seeds for the 24
hours before pliner's planting this
licence so come it's also what will
happen naturally in the wild you know
you try and follow that and your plants
will be good to you anyway so those have
been soaking for about ten minutes but
let's pretend this bean a day anyway
Russ is on and so we get the pot and we
fill it up with our compost so we fill
it up like that leave her leave a gas on
top like that and then I'm going to give
this a really good soaking so Charlie
can spin down onto the floor remember
these Iris Lisa they grow in watery
place it's not all irises do but this
particular breed of iris which we will
try and pronounce in a minute right and
I soon see that sir going down nicely
but it doesn't really matter because the
iris is and they'll sit in the water for
a bit anyway now here's our seed that we
soaked for 24 hours and all I'm going to
do is tip the whole thing into my hand
like this alright it doesn't really
matter that these things they're bobbing
around all over the place
and then some people put them in lines I
don't really bother you know when they
when they grow the root server sort of
all tangled together but they really do
untie quite easily
now once they're in there you want to be
covering up with thin coating ideally
about twice the size of the seed they
say but so you just get you compost and
give it a little bit of a sprinkle like
that and obviously label clearly label
it you will forget do it with a sharpie
waterproof pen and they are Irish Christ
soon gruff ease crosstalk with peace hey
Archer you tried said Chris aqua fees
yeah I never have to say this but I
normally just read it anyway now we're
going to keep that wet and I'm gonna
keep it in the greenhouse you know cool
sort of place and they should start
sprouting up before the winter comes
they'll then die back down again for the
winter and we'll just have an empty pot
that we'll have to look after over the
winter and they'll start springing up
again in the spring spring spring 'king
up again in the spring and then we're
planting out and I'll do a boost on that
anyways people be Phoenix down at stinky
 nursery Charlie whoa camera thanks
ever so much for watching