hi guys today I'm going to make you
macaroni salad but without the
mayonnaise this is a lighter and
healthier version but still tastes
really good first put on a pot of water
to boil for the pasta then prep the
other ingredients you'll need half of a
small onion chopped about 3 tbspoon you
can use yellow or Red Onion half of a
medium red bell pepper and half of a
medium green pepper chopped 1/4 cup of
chopped flat leaf parsley you can
substitute another herb if you don't
have par parley basil or even cilantro
would work in this recipe for the
dressing we need 1 tbspoon of mustard
I'm using Dijon really any type of
mustard would be fine 4 tablespoons of
extra virgin olive oil one clove of
garlic which will grate into the
dressing 1/4 teaspoon of red chili
flakes for a little heat use half a
teaspoon if you want more heat the juice
of one lemon about 3 tspoons I'll zest
the lemon first and use the zest in the
dressing for more fresh lemon flavor the
water has come to a boil add 1 teaspoon
salt and 8 oz of macaroni give it a stir
and cook until tender about 7 minutes
let's make the dressing in a big bowl
grate the lemon squeeze the juice out of
the lemon now grate the one clove of
garlic add 3 tbsp fresh lemon
juice 4 tbsp extra virgin olive oil 1
tbspoon mustard 3/4 of a teaspoon salt
and a half a teaspoon chili flakes again
use only a qu teaspoon chili flakes if
you don't want it spicy I like a little
bit of heat in this because it makes me
miss the mayonnaise less whisk the
dressing
well see how creamy it is because of the
mustard add the drained hot macaroni and
mix well so the dressing coats the
pasta add the chopped onion green and
red bell pepper and parsley mix this
really
well taste and add more salt if you wish
usually with mayo based dressings it's
best to chill the salad and eat it after
a few hours with this salad you don't
have to wait a few hours it tastes very
good eaten right away warm or at room
temperature even if you refrigerate the
leftovers I would warm it slightly
before eating the salad has a very
bright smell and taste with the lemon
zest and Juice the macaroni is nicely
coated in the mustard and olive oil and
the vegetables are crunchy a nice
contrast to the tender pasta with just a
few ingredients you can make this
healthy and flavorful salad in about 20
minutes I really hope you enjoyed this
recipe let me know what you think in the
comments below subscribe and I'll see
you next time thanks for watching