hello everyone thank you for watching I
am George and I am back with another
life hacks video and today we're going
to see five unbelievable cleaning life
hacks that you can do when you mix
vinegar and baking soda let's check it
out
okay so this is how you mix it you get
any spray bottle you feel it almost half
the water
okay just about this much see and then
get the baking soda and put 1/2 cup in
there just about this much see and then
you want to mix it real good with the
water we did this first because if we
look vinegar and baking soda right up on
top of each other it's gonna make foam
okay and then we're going to fill it the
rest of the way to here with vinegar so
it's going to foam a little bit just add
it slowly so let it fall and when it's
done foaming like this we're going to
close it and start using it okay so the
first to use for this mix is to clean
stainless steel and aluminum very well
it makes it really shiny so you see how
dirty this is this faucet is really
dirty and stained with water so we will
spray it with baking soda spray it real
good and then let it soak for a few
seconds they were going to get a clean
towel oh no we're going to wipe it off
real good
see look at that look how shiny this
came up that's awesome
or we use it on stainless steel see how
faded and dirty this is like stained
with water and doesn't come off great
real good over and wipe it real good
look how this came up live nice and
shiny
no stains that's awesome and if you have
a fridge that smells gross like mine
just turn the spray pattern to the white
spray pattern and spray the hell out of
it it's non-toxic there's nothing to be
afraid of and the next morning it will
smell great okay and this mix also works
as a detergent booster so it helps
remove the stains and the spots of the
clothes so just pour some and the
washing machine when you want to do the
laundry and it will do the job for you
okay so the next great thing about this
mix is it makes non-toxic cleaning
solution so you can use it in the shower
on the food do stuff on everything so
like in the shower like this you just
spread it on the walls on anything it's
a very good cleaning solution and you
just wipe it on it works very well and
it's non-toxic that's awesome it also
works very well to clean the carpets so
if you have a stain on your carpet just
spray it real good I don't really have a
stain on my carpet just shave very good
let it soak for a few seconds start
wiping off and it works really good look
at that this carpet became cleaner even
alright guys that was it for the day if
you liked this video please give it a
thumbs up let me know how it works for
you in the comment section and be sure
to subscribe I upload a new video every
single day thank you guys for watching
I'll see you next time