[Music]
hey welcome back
so last week I discussed about how to
improve the fertility of your soil and
how that fertile soil tends to have a
neutral pH level although it's not
completely necessary to know the pH
levels of your soil in doing so will
enable you to help your plants thrive
the composition of soil and its pH
greatly affects the availability of some
plant nutrients where most plants prefer
fairly neutral soils there are still
many that can thrive and more as thick
and alkaline conditions you need two
samples of soil vinegar bicarbonate soda
and water sample one test for alkaline
add the vinegar if it fizzes the soil pH
is more alkaline if it doesn't then move
on to the next sample sample to test for
acidity add water so the soils wet
then add the bicarbonate soda again if
it fizzes the soil pH is more acidic if
there is no fizzing at all your soil is
neutral so micelles neutral but here's
an example of what would happen if it
did fizz
[Music]
if your soil is not neutral there are
ways to change the pH channels for
oxygen growth but is more easier just to
work with the soil that you have here
are some examples of plants that will
grow in acidic and alkaline conditions
acidic tolerant blueberries beans onions
and garlic peas potatoes alkaline
tolerant artichokes asparagus cabbage
grapes parsnips acidic and alkaline
tolerant carrots corn tomatoes turn it
winter squash
just a quick note if you are grown from
store brought soil and the pH levels are
not stated on the packaging it is more
likely to be neutral and that's it for
today's video I hope you found this
interesting helpful don't forget to
check out the other vegan and
I'll see you next week