[Music]
hey friends Andrew KS here education
director for Sam via in this video about
problems and solutions we're taking some
of the really common challenges behind
the chair that happen every day and
we're creating some solutions for them
one of the common ones that we find is
when we're trying to create a really
nice Precision bottom Ed Edge after we
blow drrive sometimes there tends to be
a little bit of graduation or some
inconsistencies in this bottom Edge and
there's a couple things that are really
common challenges that we can help you
out with so when we're looking for a
really precise really solid bottom Edge
it's really important that the hair is
cut as closely as possible to its
natural fall so if we place our fingers
into the hair one we're already starting
to introduce a little bit of
elevation now that isn't so much
elevation that it's going to completely
ruin your shape but we need to be really
cautious when using our fingers in in
the hair that we're not lifting the hair
up and away so as we tend to do this one
of the Tendencies is people tend to
continue to elevate the hair farther and
farther away from its natural fall so
make sure if you're going to be using
your fingers to control the shape that
you keep your fingers as close to
Natural fall as possible the other thing
that happens is because a lot of times
the guest is below us that we're not eye
level with our cutting line to see our
guide down here what we'll do is we tend
to flip our fingers up towards us and
bend the hair upward out of its natural
position also what we're doing here is
creating some elevation to the hair
introducing graduation again again the
challenge here is once I cut that and
then it falls back to its natural fall
we're not going to have that Precision
solid line that we're looking for and
then the last thing that you want to be
cautious
of is when we place our fingers in and
we go to cut once we get that guideline
when we go to the next section as we
come down a lot of us get so careful
about trying to connect to that
previously cut guideline that we cut
kind of right on the guideline what we
suggest that you do is that you actually
bring the shears in and you cut at the
bottom edge of the guideline rather than
right on top of the guideline and what
that'll do is make sure that the next
section that comes down isn't a little
bit above your previously cut section if
anything it's almost slightly below your
previously cut section we need to
remember that the farther and farther we
go up the head shape the more this area
is going to swell as it Blow dries in
relationship to this hair so if you
almost have a touch of length with each
section as you blow dry that little bit
of length will actually even up quite
nicely now another solution to all of
this is if the hair will allow actually
just keep your hands out of it introduce
a comb cuz when we're using a comb we
tend to use less tension and stretch on
the hair all owing for more of that that
ability for the hair as it Blow dries to
pop up and also with a comb it's easier
to keep the hair at its true natural
fall position
so as you're cutting your next Bob or
one length haircut and you're a little
nervous about adding that little bit of
graduation or lack of control on the
perimeter try these things make sure
that your fingers are flat you're not
curling the section up and and if all
else fails try introducing a comb
instead we hope that this helps you out
with a really common challenge Behind
the Chair any questions concerns
comments leave them Below in that little
box we're always happy to hear from you
thanks so much for watching I'm Andrew
KS education director for Sam
[Music]
via