hello friends welcome back to science
land today I'm going to talk about
manufacture of cultured buttermilk so
what is buttermilk buttermilk is
phospholipid rich fluid which is
obtained during churning of cream in by
the manufacture so that is the normal
buttermilk but your we are culturing the
buttermilk
cultured buttermilk have you know
specific aroma and flavor to it
cultured buttermilk is obtained from
pasteurized skim milk or part skim milk
second what kind of organisms I use to
reduce a cultured buttermilk or what is
the culture
the culture used for manufacture of
cultural buttermilk are streptococcus
lactose and/or streptococcus remoras
we have streptococcus like the
subspecies diacid elected and
leuconostoc
criminals so while you mentioned a
manufacturer of cultured buttermilk the
culture which is used is very important
to mention now I already mentioned that
cultured butterman have a specific
flavor and aroma to it so this flavor is
given by certain compounds
0.20 two to five percent of sodium
citrate or citric acid and salt
except Roger added during the session so
we start with the manufacture of
cultured buttermilk in the form of flow
sheet the first step is to standardize
milk so useful way standardize whatever
milk you're obtaining from the sole ten
percent of milk solid not five what does
make em SNS its apart from your fat
whatever components like lactose kaise
in minerals whey proteins etc so that is
make solid matzah 0.5 percent of milk
fat after standardization heat treatment
and given heat treatment is given
depending on what temperature you choose
if you are choosing 85 degree it's a 30
minutes
88 to 91 degree searches or to one half
to five minutes obviously treatment is
given to kill the bacteria and other
microbial contamination next step is
homogenized the milk at 2,000 psi
the milk optimum utilization is let into
rising tank when fermentation takes days
but for the fermentation you need the
culture so 1% of the culture or the
frozen culture is let into the rising
tank so the fermentation is carried out
at a particular temperature pH and for
particular period 22 degree Celsius for
14 to 16 hours and the pH needs to be
maintained at 4.5 fermentation will be
completed in 16 our next step you after
the fermentation have a product which is
butterman after the product has made
there are 2 steps
so we have the cultured buttermilk in
our hi we add the butter flake and the
salt blend it softly and pull it from 22
degrees Celsius to 5 degree and package
it further distort for 3 to 4 deep so
that is one step now white butter flakes
are added our 20.5% of the milk fat is
very less so to compromise on the fat
content of the butter melt butter flakes
are added or if you don't have the
butter flakes the butter is put it on
the buttermilk
the second step is if it is not directly
packed and transported for public usage
it is spread right and then used for big
creeper rocks that is the manufacture of
cultural buttermilk that's it for
today's video
thank you so much for watching do share
and subscribe bye