I'm going to show you today how to make
a chicken bone broth lots of people ask
me how I get the consistency I do with
my bone broth and it's really not hard
it's super easy all you need is a slow
cooker mine is a 5.5 liter I'm going to
use apple cider vinegar this is the
brand that I use we're gonna use 4
tablespoons for the 5.5 liter slow
cooker and I'm going to use around about
2 kilos of chicken feet I don't want to
go under 2 kilo so that's slightly over
that's perfectly fine alright this is
that you can feed inside the 5.5 liter
slow cooker so here is the top room and
here is the chicken feet ok so you can
place them all nicely inside if you want
or you can just simply chuck them in
okay when I cover this with water I'm
only going to cover it an inch above the
bones if I put too much water into it
that's really gonna mess with my
consistency of my broth okay so the next
step for access and watering is to do
four tablespoons of apple cider vinegar
and so I used the organic one that's got
the mother inside give them a shake it's
not a scientific measurement so if you
go slightly over no biggie
now we're going to add our water
alright so the water is slightly above
the average level of the chicken feet
and we're going to pop this in the slow
cooker for around about 24 hours I do
this outside and the garden shed and
because it's not the nicest amount and
with my slow cooker I go on a low if you
have a pressure cooker that's also
another option 24 hours later this is
our chicken feet bone broth still
bubbling away so this has been on low
for 24 hours down in the garden shed so
I don't have to smell they're repulsive
somehow the chicken feet so I kind of
options what you can do from here you
can pick out all those bones but for now
what we're going to do this is how I do
it is I just get my soup ladle and then
my takeaway from Tina you're gonna fill
that up and then pop them in the fridge
overnight and then by the morning and
you should have a jelly-like consistency
so I'm gonna check back with you in the
morning and I'll show you what the
chicken bone broth looks like when it's
set okay so this is the following
morning so let's let the bone broth and
set overnight and when we take the lid
off this is usually what we'll see we'll
see fat and the fat rises to the top so
you can just scrape that off and then
you have your bone broth and here is the
consistency of our chicken bone broth
okay so that's what we're aiming for if
you're not getting this consistency
using chicken feet then what's probably
happened is you've used too much water
or not enough chicken feet so just
reassess and the beginning step because
the ratio between the chicken feet and
the water is important we only want to
just cover the bones okay
and chicken feet are the best out of
the chicken pieces to use because we're
looking for joint bones because that's
what that collagen is all right