hey everybody Welcome to Top Dog tips if
you are new to my videos my name is
Samantha this is my chocolate lab s who
loves to lick everything she is a LIC
aholic um today I want to show you guys
a how-to video on how to stop dog nail
bleeding uh we've all done it if you're
new to clipping your dog's nails and
you're just worried about it or you are
somebody who has clipped dog nails for a
very long time and you're just
interested in learning how to stop U the
nail from bleeding this is something
that a lot of pet parents worry about
that you're going to clip the quick and
uh that your dog's nail is going to
bleed now when you clip the quick um it
does bleed a lot if you've done it
before you know what I'm talking about
if you've never done it before uh do not
panic it bleeds a lot it bleeds very
quickly um depending on how much of it
you take off if you just get the tip of
it um it won't bleed as much but
normally you'll will cut into it just a
a very small bit and it it uh will bleed
very much and very quickly so don't let
it scare you uh it happens to all of us
no matter the most experienced dog
groomers still clip the quick every once
in a while uh when you have a dog with
white nails you can see through there's
a little pink um part on the inside and
you can see through to the quick that's
quick um if you have a dog like s who
has black toenails it is impossible to
see through them and it's very easy to
clip the quick so you have to be very
um very gentle and be um mindful of that
be very careful so I have made a video
on how to cut dog nails and I will link
that if you're watching that on YouTube
that'll be linked in the description
below um if you are watching this on our
website it'll be linked in the extensive
written review that's below this video
so you can check that out um if you want
more information on how to clip dog
nails um but today we want to talk
specifically just about how to stop dog
nail bleeding and um I'm going to show
you a closeup in just a minute of
exactly what to do do but I just wanted
to talk to you for um just a second
beforehand and just explain it to you so
uh they make this stuff called stipic
powder and you can buy it right at your
local pet store it comes in a powder
form or you can buy a stip dick pencil
um same thing and you can get them like
I said at any pet store this is is
specially formulated powder that's
supposed to stop nails from bleeding s's
added here so I will talk to you and
explain it for a minute and then I will
Wrangle her up and show you a close-up
of it um so stipic powder if you want to
buy that one it's more expensive and two
um the personal reason that I don't use
it is it can sting and I didn't want
obviously I've already hurt my dog by
clipping the quick so I don't want to
put any more um pain there by putting a
powder on that sting so I personally
don't choose to use diptic powder tons
of people do most professional groomers
use it um so certainly I'm not going to
say I don't recommend it or anything
like that that's just my personal
opinion why I don't use it um instead I
use a home remedy and I use corn starch
you can also use baking soda you can use
flour um you can use a scent-free a bar
of scent-free soap which I've never
actually tried but that's what um my uh
it's actually my grandparents my my
husband's grandparents my grandparents
in-law I guess um that's actually what
my grandmother uses so uh she loves it
swears by it um I've heard of a couple
other people that use that too so I use
cornstarch I have used flour or and
baking soda actually um in a in a pinch
when I'm just when I sometimes I clip
the dog's nails and I don't keep
something next to me and I don't
recommend that but um that's happened to
me before so when you're in a pinch it's
kind of whatever is quickest to grab or
whatever is closest to in the kitchen um
but what I should do and what I
recommend all of you do is just get a
little bowl or um a soda bottle cap
works really well if you have an old
soda bottle cap you can fill that cuz
you only need a very very little bit of
the whatever powder you choose to use um
if you buy a stipic pencil that you just
press on the nail um but stipic powder
comes in a little container so you're
going to have to scoop a little bit of
that out um or use it in the container
itself if your dog's PW fit in there I
use this open Bowl cuz it's very open
the dog's paw can fit right in there so
um again use something where either the
Paw can fit in or just the nail the
bottle Cap's really good CU it's so
small that you can put it right on the
nail um and put just a very little bit
of the powder in there cuz you don't
want to waste more you you're only going
to need a pinch so you don't want to
waste a whole bunch of whatever you're
using so um this is cornstarch again you
could use baking soda flour the stipic
powder put it in a little bowl and just
keep it next to you while you're
clipping your dog's nails on the off
chance that you do clip the quick it's
right here and you won't have to go
anywhere um to try and Chase it down
like I said I've done it before that I
didn't have powder and then you're kind
of running and you're hoping that your
dog's staying still and not tracking
blood through your home and so it's it's
a mess so if you just keep it with you
then you're all set um so I will go
around sad up again I'm going to zoom in
a little bit closer so you guys can see
up up close of what to actually do um
and how to stop dog nail
bleeding okay guys so here's an up close
shot of SES paw and I just want to show
you really quick what you would do if
you clipped the quick obviously I'm not
going to do that on purpose and hert S
but I will show you what to do in the
event that it happens um you want to
have either a clean paper towel or a
clean uh cloth of some kind next to you
as well as your powder and your little
dish so I have both of those no we're
not eating cornstarch
no so what you're going to do um you
clip it it hurts your dog they might
yipe a little bit and pull away from you
um I always check after I clip every
nail I just sort of check the end of the
nail um that one actually you can see
poor s's Little Nail is
broken um so I just checked the end to
make sure it's not bleeding but if you
notice that it is you want to take your
clean cloth and just press it on there
for 2 minutes um keep a little very
light pressure on there for 2 minutes
hopefully you can keep keep your dog
still um if there's another person in
your house that can help you you could
holler to them and just have them pet
your dog and keep them
still um so you do that for two minutes
and then um all you have to do is no s l
no thank you um all you have to do is
take a little pinch of your powder and
dip it right on the end of the nail
there and the blood will
whoops the blood will congeal it no
you're not eating quart starch the blood
will sorry the blood will congeal it and
it'll stick there um if it continues to
bleed just a little bit you might want
to take another um pinch again like I
said you just pinch a little bit there
in your fingers and you can stick it
right on the nail right on the bottom of
the nail and it'll stick right to it
obviously it's not sticking to s's right
now because hers isn't bleeding but
trust me if it's bleeding it
will and um it'll stick on there and
then just keep your dog from licking it
so if you need to sit with him for 10 or
15 minutes no STI if you need to sit
with him for 10 or 15 minutes and just
um you know pet him and love him turn
the TV on watch a show relax with him
just keep him still you want to try and
keep him off his feet for at least 30
minutes uh walking around can make it
worse it'll make the blood circulate and
can make it bleed faster so if you can
sit there for 30 minutes or keep him
sitting for 30 minutes that's great um
if it doesn't clot within 20 minutes
that is when you want to go see your
veterinarian um I have never had that
happen and I would say it's probably not
going to happen for you but you never no
so if you are trying to get it to stop
bleeding for more than 20 minutes you
need to go see your veterinarian right
away because there's an issue with that
not clotting um so if you have any
questions about how to stop a dog nail
from bleeding um or dog nail clipping
again you can see my video on that um
and I will link that but if you have any
other questions feel free to email me uh
you can get my contact information on
our website which is Top Dog tips.com
you can find us on YouTube If that's how
you're watching this of course subscribe
to our Channel we are on Facebook
Facebook go+ Twitter in and Instagram so
any way that you send comments or
anything like that they'll get back to
me and if you have any other questions
on anything else dog related I'd be
happy to help out with that as well and
post um a how-to video for you or a
product review uh so let me know reach
out to me don't be shy and I will see
you guys back next time with another
very beneficial how-to video thanks
guys