you
staying hydrated in the summertime is
extremely important and who wants to go
to the water because you end up getting
bloated and feeling icky you want
something with taste right this is my
son tea recipe what is some tea you ask
well simply put its tea that's brewed by
the Sun what I do is I stick a but a
little better than a half a teaspoon of
sugar I just kind of cone a piece of
paper and it just dumps right in tiny
little bit of lemon juice and a tea bag
stick it in one of these and well
basically wait until it gets dark bring
it in and you're done it's really easy
I'll show you and there you have it
fraction of a second later you've got
six bottles of Sun tea now these costs I
don't know fifty cents each to make or
you could go to a gas station and a what
do they charge 40 now like buck 25 about
50 sometimes more than that so those are
your options stay cool stay hydrated and
thanks for watching if you have any some
key ideas please feel free to leave a
comment in the box below normally people
you know they'll take out the big glass
decanters and things like that I
preferred single size so there are
different variations of how to do it
there really is no wrong way anyway
thanks for watching there you go and I
hope I just saved you some money have a
wonderful day
you