I found him he's in the
bathroom president cert can't this wait
I'm sorry we just need a word now you
realize I'm your boss and I am holding
my
penis Sheldon give the man some privacy
I'm sorry this guy's got no respect for
boundaries what do you want will you
tell this wounded chck that Professor
watman office is rightfully mine can't
you take this up with your department
chair
we tried his assistant said he was on
sabatical although we distinctly heard
his office window open and
shut gentlemen there's a task I'm trying
to accomplish here and I'm having
trouble doing it oh my president Sebert
I don't mean to be an alarmist but
difficulty initiating a urine stream
could be a symptom of benign prostatic
hyperplasia if you're interested I can
send you a link to a YouTube video
that'll show you how to perform your own
rectal
exam yeah uh helpful hint trim your
nails
first ignore him president SE I'm sure a
young man such as yourself has a
perfectly healthy prostate oh he's just
trying to butter you up and for the
record butter is an excellent lubricant
for your retile
exam gentlemen I'm going to allow the
two of you to work this out because a
you're both brilliant scientists and B
as far as who gets rothman's office I
couldn't give the furry crack of a rat
behind
hun
well as long as we're here might as well
take a
week kpy yes you're in my
spot