hi everyone I'm narina and welcome to my
kitchen and today I'm going to share
with you how to make a
wonderful gluten-free flour blend yes I
said glutenfree let's go see how we
throw this
[Music]
together we're going to do a gluten-free
flour blend and the reason that we're
doing this is for some of you may know
that I've done some seminars at a local
um store one of the seminars was
gluten-free living the owner of the
store does live a gluten-free lifestyle
and that is prescribed by her doctor in
a couple of years ago she had a stroke
and they found out she had some food
allergies that she never knew she had
now this person um is older and it was
uh something that she made the change
and she feels incredibly better and
she's also a nurse so it's just one of
those things that she tried it she liked
it and she sticks to it and at their
store they're starting to have kind of a
demand where people who are also
deciding to switch over to a gluten-free
style of life um are looking for bread
they don't like what is offered in the
grocery store they want to either make
their own or buy their own so I've
started making bread for her to sell at
her store and this is the gluten-free
bread mix that I use uh well it's
gluten-free flour mix this can be used
for anything you need a gluten-free flow
blend for so I'll stop yaking and we'll
get to it what you're going to need um
this is what I put in mine this is not
the endel be this is just the one that I
find success with um and a lot of these
things you're going to see I do buy in
bulk from her um sweet white sorum flour
and again all of these products you can
get like Bob's Redmill puts them out so
we're going to e three cups each of
sorghum
flour sweet white rice flour you may
also know this as Mochi or
moocho um this is a glutenous rice not
wheat gluten rice gluten this is like
sushi rice I think um but it's a rice a
sweet rice flour so 3 cups sorghum 3
cups sweet rice 3 cups white rice 3 cups
tapioca flour or tapioca starch and 3
tablespoons of zanen gum now this is
just a bulk recipe from which you will
use to
make a uh a recipe with like if you want
to make bread or or pumpkin bread or
biscuits or pancakes you would use this
flour mix to do those things with now if
you are using this to make a yeast risen
uh gluten-free bread yes this has Zan
and gum you would still add Zan and gum
if the recipe called for it so I'm going
to go ahead and I'm going to mix this up
and then I'll come back and I'll show
you what it looks
like okay I got everything in the bowl
so that's three cups of everything and
three tablespoons of zanth and gum now
if you prefer to use gu gum or if that's
the only thing you can find you can use
that instead um I have access to both
but I prefer Zan and gum uh we don't
eat uh gluten-free for any reason in
particular um I make this for the
store but this bread is really delicious
that I make and today I'm going to also
make uh I am to make some pumpkin bread
she has she's having a grand opening for
a new location
so we're doing some samplings I thought
that might be fun um but she's having a
higher and higher demand for gluten-free
products and it's difficult for her to
find a supplier she'd rather have it
local and she'd rather have it homemade
and so we're kind of working out a
situation so you just mix this up you
can store this in um a large jar or a
air tight container or a Ziploc
bag and use it as you would any other
flow just make sure it's mixed up really
well I have a jar that I like to keep
this in and then I'll give it a shake
before I measure it out so that
everything is well distributed so that's
how you make a glutenfree flour blend
that you can use for just about anything
you want to make if you're eating
gluten-free these days I hope you give
this a try and I hope you like it and
until next time I'll see
you thank you for joining me my kitchen
today I hope you like what you watch
today and I hope that you try it and I
hope that you love it um if you like
what you saw please consider hitting the
thumbs up button and giving me a
positive rating and also make sure that
you hit the Subscribe button if you're
already not a subscriber so that you
don't miss out on any of the fun we have
here in our kitchen every single day I
hope that you enjoyed it I'm really glad
that you're here thank you for stopping
by don't forget to come by tomorrow
until next time happy eating
[Music]