we're taking on the deep fryer on
conquer your fear where we're going to
help you master your biggest kitchen
[Music]
anxieties deep frying safety is really
important but it really comes down to
Common Sense so I have a couple
guidelines that you should follow
anytime that you're frying in your
kitchen number one always have a fire
extinguisher close by you never know
what's going to happen be sure never to
overfill your pot it should never be
higher than halfway up and finally have
a thermometer that way you're never
going to go a higher temperature than
you need
to so to conquer your fear of deep
frying I'm going to show you how to make
classic homemade french fries and deep
fried Oreos so in a large pot I filled
it with oil about halfway up and it's
really important to use high smoke point
oil so you want to use a vegetable oil
canola oil or peanut oil and I have my
candy thermometer cuz I don't want it to
go over 350Â° over here I've sliced my
potatoes kind of rustic about half an
inch thick left some of the skin on
there but as you know water does not mix
with oil so you always want to make sure
that whatever vegetable or food product
that you put into the oil that it's
completely dry and I've left this in
water cuz I don't want the potatoes to
oxidize and turn brown so I'm just going
to take these
out and dry them off before I put them
in once these fries are dry I'm going to
drop them into the oil now be very
careful cuz you don't want to Splatter
yourself you really want to fry in small
batches so that every single french fry
is getting nice and
crispy after about 2 to 5 minutes
depending on how thick your potato is
you want to start to check them you want
them to be translucent and golden but
not brown great these look just about
right so I'm going to remove them and
put them into a fine mesh strainer now
you're probably wondering wait a second
those fries don't look done all the way
well that's the secret to making really
crispy homemade fries we're actually
going to double fry them so these fries
have been draining now I'm just going to
spread them out onto a clean baking
sheet nice even layer then we're just
going to pop these into the freezer for
about a half hour now that our fries are
frozen we're going to fry them again and
be sure to look out for those little
icicles because as soon as they hit that
oil they're going to pop and spatter and
you don't want that all right so same
thing I'm going to drop these into the
oil and space B them out cuz you don't
want to overcrowd the
[Music]
oil now this time we're looking for that
nice golden brown color these fries look
just about done they're floating to the
top and I can tell that they're golden
brown now a common mistake that people
make is that they check their fries by
removing them from the oil looking at
them and then dunking them back in that
actually makes them soggy so avoid doing
that then I'm going to let these drain
on a baking sheet lined with a paper
towel
oh these fries look
fantastic M so crispy and delicious once
you conquer your fear of frying you
might want to invest in an actual deep
fryer these can range anywhere from $20
to $200 with one of these you can fry
just about anything and speaking of
anything all the rage right now at food
festivals and food trucks are deep fried
Oreos well I'm going to show you how
easy those are to
make
I made some pancake batter over here and
I'm just going to grab an Oreo with my
tongs and dip the entire Oreo into the
batter so even though deep fryers have a
temperature gauge you still want to
check and make sure that the oil is hot
enough so a good way to test that is
before you drop the Oreo in you want to
just slightly put a little bit in there
and if the batter starts to Bubble Up
you know that it's ready to go so you
can see it's starting to heat up and
sizzle drop the Oreo in now what we're
looking for is a nice golden
color maybe about 15 seconds on each
[Music]
side and it looks just about done nice
and golden brown look at that so it's
going to taste like pancake warm
chocolate and then that creamy Oreo
filling just let it drain on a paper
towel you know I've been to festivals
and I've seen them deep fry Twinkies
Snickers bars you can fry anything you
want make sure to clean your oil in
between batches you know a lot of those
pieces of batter get in there they start
to burn you don't want it to mix with
all the good stuff then you're just
going to dust these Oreos with a little
bit of powdered sugar and check out the
inside look how great that looks now
don't toss out that extra oil and don't
pour it down the drain you can actually
save it just pour it through a fine mesh
strainer and then save it in the fridge
for another time now that you've
conquered your fear of the deep fryer
let me know some other kitchen fears
that you have in the comment box below
and be sure to check out our other
recipes where we're using the deep fryer
I'm Brandy thanks so much for watching
and I'll see you next time on pop
sugar