even better than that was what's up
family welcome back to my channel if you
want to join the family you just gotta
click Subscribe today I'm gonna be
showing you how I make my shrimp Alfredo
I might do chicken I might be shrimp in
chicken butt
but I think I'm finished or I think I'm
feeling good right now if you're more of
a chicken alfredo person you can still
follow this recipe you're just gonna
substitute the shrimp for chicken it's
that simple so for this recipe I'm
actually going to be making the alfredo
from scratch yet from scratch I want to
show you how easy it is to make alfredo
sauce it's really easy anyone can do it
if I can do it you can do it now let me
tell y'all something tonight Trinity is
going to be making her version of the
shrimp Alfredo I'm going to be doing
some things you probably haven't seen
before
okay I'm not gonna make it basic I'm
going to kind of elevate the flavors so
without Fredo sauce you are gonna need
heavy cream oh you're also gonna need
cheese now you want to go to the store
and get you a block of cheese and you
want to grind that up yourself go ahead
it's 2019 we're not stopping you live
your life to live your life or whatever
cheese that you choose make sure that
you are adding Parmesan cheese that's
the cheese that you really want in your
alfredo right here I have off the block
problem John I have sharp cheddar cheese
and I have six cheese Italian which
includes mozzarella provolone Romano
cheese fresh I see I go I see I go you
are going to need butter for y'all Fredo
sauce this is really important as well
all these ingredients for the south
farro sauce is very important you're
also going to need some garlic today I
will be using roasted garlic now regular
garlic roasted garlic I did become both
because I like both but I think that
roasted garlic is going to give it more
flavor also make sure to have a pinch of
flour just by we're going to cook that
with the butter first chicken broth this
is like mine I don't want to call them
that secret ingredient but this is kind
of like my little thing you know I just
splash a little bit of it to give them a
flavor so of course make sure you have a
fettuccine pasta
do not like their alfredo with
fettuccine pasta I understand some
people don't like to kind of like deal
with the long noodles so they use
different pasta but tonight we're going
to keep it classic and do the fettuccine
pasta because traditionally you use
fettuccine pasta for chicken alfredo
have my shrimp right here it is all
ready to veined it's already pretty much
cooked which is great because I try to
be here all night
so grab a saucepan I'm going to be using
this one because I want to use this one
you also want to go ahead and boil your
water go ahead and just get that water
boiling so we can just keep this moving
go ahead put some salt in your water the
end some oil and reason why you want to
put oil in your water is so the noodles
don't stick together half a stick of
butter is going in the pot a little bit
more
let's roll it around and get this going
your girl is hungry today the game over
here y'all I'd be really hungry and
ready to eat when I cook
butter is now melted now you're just
going to take a little bit of flour and
you're going to cook that with the
butter it's just a little bit of flour
it was at this moment he knew he [ __ ]
up wait a minute you're gonna mix that
all together and y'all didn't see that I
added a whole lot of flour I did take
some out and I didn't add more butter so
it's okay oh it is okay now
heavy cream go ahead and pour in your
heavy cream just keep a eye out on it
by adding a little bit of chicken broth
just a little bit and go ahead and stir
that now I'm gonna take the roasted
garlic and just put some in I know it
looks kind of weird
[Music]
a damn black pepper a love love black
pepper some cayenne pepper this is
definitely for the spice you already
know what it is a little bit of salt I'm
gonna add some paprika and as you can
see it's starting to change the color
it's no longer white this is probably
gonna turn a few people off but see when
you add flavors and you're making it
your own it's not going to be white
because this is not a basic alfredo
sauce okay give it a stir and last but
not least we're going to add a blend of
Italian seasoning in this guy's you can
see I'm starting a lot because you just
want to keep on stirring that's that's
all I gotta say just just keep on
stirring this is the seasoning I'm going
to be using
[Music]
just let you know the seasoning has
black pepper red pepper garlic onion sea
salt tomato parsley and rosemary so
those are the seasonings that were in
the Italian seasoning mix well so now
it's time to add in your cheese oh okay
I like to add in the cheese and then add
in some more and heavy cream
so yeah adding your cheese mix it let it
melt for a little bit and add in some
heavy cream and this is kind of going to
be like a eyeball as y'all know I kind
of like eyeball everything but in the
end you want to make sure that it is a
sauce you don't want it to be like this
you see this that's what you don't want
that's why you gotta keep on mixing it
just added some more whipping cream if
your sauce is a little bit more stringy
far as cheese and not much of a sauce
adding an heavy whipping cream is going
to put it back to like you know a sauce
mode all right you see it is a sauce it
is not cheese it is a sauce so now I'm
about to drop my pasta and this is how I
measure it because first of all I'm only
eating for me tonight so I'm not trying
to cook a lot of pasta so this is how I
measure it just so I'm not cooking more
than what I have to and you're gonna go
ahead and drop that in I did not break
my pots don't know why people break they
pasta but I am an adult I don't need
little tiny noodles I know how to eat it
the long way getting back to the sauce
just keep on mixing and go ahead and put
it on low because right now we're
actually going to drop the shrimp in now
fredo sauce like I said the shrimp is
already cooked before you adding a
shrimp or your cooked chicken make sure
that you taste your sauce this is this
is what you're really responsible for
not understand why people cook food and
they want the other person to taste and
be like oh is it good is it good if you
taste your food you don't have to ask
anyone you already know so uh go ahead
and taste this sauce that's good that's
good now I'm gonna go ahead and add the
shrimp I love love shrimp nothing is
better than shrimp in my eyes
the fruit of deceit you can bow the
queue it boil it broil it bake it saute
it just pineapple shrimp lemon shrimp
coconut shrimp shrimp and potatoes
shrimp burger sandwich so the next thing
I'm gonna do it is debatable I have not
done this before it usually I don't do
it but I've tasted it like in a
restaurant before where people add
broccoli into their chicken alfredo or
the shrimp Alfredo this is a pretty
thick meal you gotta admit that that
being said I'm going to add in a handful
of broccoli and put that on top if you
don't like broccoli then don't add it
but I'm okay with vegetables I mean it's
2019 and I know some of y'all trying to
lose some weight so I don't know why
y'all be are switching your nose up at
the Brock but respect the broccoli
there's nothing wrong with vegetables
and I think it adds color I think it
adds more texture even though this is my
first time making it like this at home
I'm pretty sure it's gonna taste good
because it's just gonna taste good okay
but as you can see I did take some of it
out most of it out because I didn't cook
that much pasta I'm probably gonna just
eat the rest on another day so I went
ahead and store that in the fridge but
now I'm gonna go ahead and pour it in my
pasta oh my gosh looks so so good y'all
probably like it doesn't look thick well
don't worry it's gonna get thick
[Music]
now it's time to plate oh my goodness
this is about to be so good
so this is the results mmm
go I am I'm hungry hmm y'all my makeup
and messing up I'm hot I had put the
head pogchamp woo oh my goodness this is
not a little kid meal this is a grown
folk meal right here
can't believe I made this alfredo from
scratch I didn't doubt myself for a
second okay one more bite so if you
enjoyed this video make sure to give me
a thumbs up if you try this recipe make
sure to tag me on Instagram or Twitter
just so I'll know and I'll repost it
these people for being part of the
j-team if you want to show it like then
you just started click subscribe turn on
that notification bill and let me know
below but whatever you do make sure be
bold brain and beautiful and I will
catch y'all in my next video
[Music]