hey guys it's Jessica Wilson tails and
today I'm here with truffles and today
I'm going to be explaining to you guys
why the Carolina storm wheel is quite
possibly the best wheel that you could
buy for your hedgehog so for those of
you who don't know the wheel that I
currently have for my hedgehog is the
Carolina storm wheel I've got this wheel
about four years ago and as you can see
it's like still perfect condition my
engine troubles he uses this wheel every
single night so I'm gonna kind of go
through some of the pros and cons of
this wheel and explain to you guys why
it's the best wheel ever for your
hedgehog so the first probe for this
wheel is that it's exactly what it
advertised if this acquired this wheel
that you will ever get for your hedgehog
and trust me I used to have the comfort
wheel like one of those big ones that
was like it's like blue or purple and
let me tell you there was the loudest
wheel ever like it says silent but it's
not like if your head job just walks on
it it's not sound but if they start
running on the Comfort wheel it is so
loud it kept me up at night like every
single night so much that I actually
took it out of his cage at night and it
was really really bad so I eventually
spent the money and got this wheel and
let me tell you the best thing I've ever
done because he's running on this thing
I'm not really running right now but
he's walking but when he starts running
really fast you don't even hear it
it's super silent the only thing you
hear is a little pitter-patter of the
feet and that's like nothing the second
Pro of this wheel is that it is
completely safe for hedgehogs as you can
see he is running on it right now and
these will it's made from a cake topper
so what's really cool is that it's got a
flat and wide running surface that your
head shop can just easily rub on and you
don't have to worry about them getting
their feeds or the claws or anything
stuck in the little grooves or holes
along the side the third Pro to this
wheel is that it's adjustable when I
give you I'll go ahead and insert like a
close-up right on here but I'll show you
that this wheel you can like lean it
backwards and lean it forwards and you
can adjust the height set like the
height and everything it is really
really cool and that really helps
because like with me
Paige and other people's cages their
cages their different heights so
sometimes they don't mind not fit to the
cage where you need to turn it a special
way or something like that and because
of this really you can definitely do
that without any problems
the fourth Pro to this wheel is that it
is super easy to clean like unlike the
comfort wheel and other wheels with like
bars or whatever things like that which
are really bad by the way
never buy bars with any sort of wheel
for any small animal but this really
super super easy to clean since it's a
flat running service all I do is get
like a really old toothbrush a mould
scrubber or anything like for that and
it just kind of scrub it and it just
comes right off like if anything you
might need a little bit of soap but for
the most part it's super super easy to
clean but v pro to this wheel is that it
there is plenty of space underneath to
put a litter pan now as you can see I do
have a little pan under my hedgehogs
wheel but my Hedgehog isn't exactly
litter trained I have tried some dogs
just take to it some pets do not and
unfortunately mine he never sexual later
training another thing that I really
like about this wheel is that it does
come with a little piece so I actually
do not use the litter pan that came with
my hedgehogs you know and that's really
for one reason now if you guys have seen
in my videos my hedgehog he kind of
looks like a baby hedgehog because he's
really really small and I really
honestly have no idea why but my
Hedgehog is really really small and he's
fully grown he is about four and a half
years old so he's an old guy he's pretty
old and I got him when he was tiny tiny
little baby but he's an old man if I've
seen some hedgehogs they're like huge
but um he's really really small so
unfortunately the litter pan that came
with that wheel it was just a little bit
too high for him it's like he he himself
is this high maybe a little bit bigger
but it was just cute kind of struggling
to get over it so I took it out and I
use it for other things but if your
Hedgehog like most hedgehogs is a normal
sized head of tog this is definitely
going to be something great because it
fits right into the wheel but it's super
super good and I think you guys will
love it so the sixth approach of this
wheel is that it is very sturdy and it's
not going to break on you like I've said
I've had this wheel for about four years
I have the comfort wheel for a few
months so when I first bought my head G
and then after that I immediately just
got this wheel because I'd heard so many
great things about it and trust me I'm
just so glad I did because this thing
after four years it is completely the
same
I haven't had to replace one bolt a zip
tie I've had to replace anything and
that thing still works exactly as I got
it is amazing and now on to the cons of
this wheel and this is probably of
things that you guys really really want
to hear about and I'm gonna be
completely honest with you I haven't
found one con and I would definitely
recommend this wheel as the number one
choice for Hedgehog is by far the best
investment that I've ever made for my
hedging so for my subscribers what I
actually did is I got in contact with
the maker of these wheels and I actually
got a coupon for you guys so you can buy
these wheels in one of two places he
sells them on his website which I will
put right here and then he also has an
Etsy which he sells and I'll put them
right here
and for you guys I actually contacted
him and got you guys a fancy coupon so
we're gonna be active for a few weeks
but if you're watching this video after
a few weeks after I posted it the
coupons no longer gonna be working I
guess but you guys should still
definitely get this wheel because it's
probably the best thing for your
Hedgehog ever that's about it guys I
really hoped you guys enjoyed this video
I'm gonna be making a ton of videos this
is the third video that I have to film
today so I really hope you guys like
this be sure to give a thumbs up and
don't forget to comment and subscribe
bye