what's going on everybody Welcome to
after prison show and in this video we
are going to make some prison Pruno
otherwise known as Hooch or prison wine
you know while locked up there really
isn't a lot that you can do I mean you
could read work out get your ass kicked
maybe read some more or you can become a
crafty individual because You' got so
much time on your hands maybe even
become your own prison bruist is that
even a word what you will need to make
this prison wine is either oranges or
tangerines or something like this we're
going to use these tangerines right here
we've got six of them you're going to
need some sugar some juice and some sort
of yeast whether it be these individual
little yeast packages right here you can
get from the grocery store or some bread
you're also going to need a 1 gon a 1
gallon a 1gallon Ziploc bag do I look
cool the first thing we're going to do
is we're going to peel these
tangerines this is going to take a
little while so we may need to fast
forward this a bit right
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
now okay we've peeled our six tangerines
we are now going to take them and put
them inside of our 1gallon Ziploc bag
and make sure you don't have any holes
inside of your Ziploc
bag tangerines are in the bag next we're
going to mash these up inside of this
bag and this is going to be fun we are
mashing the
fruit mash it up real good
[Music]
now
voila Tangerine
pop my nose is on fire the next thing
we're going to do we're going to add
some sugar to this pop how much sugar do
we add we're going to add a lot of
sugar oh that's a lot of sugar now we're
going to mix this all up with the P
getting that all up in there all up in
them pulp guts you ever got all up
inside some pulp guts sounds like a
prison sex toy I
wonder if I could woo look at that
prison sex toy doesn't that just look
delicious
already it's not the smell it's looking
at
this next we need to add some yeast to
our pulp sugar
disgusting now let's go ahead and mix
all this nastiness up and just think in
a few days we're going to be drinking
this I can't wait to get drunk on some
homemade prison wine wait for the
reaction at the end of this video once
we've mixed all of this nasty stuff
together it's now time to add the juice
juice how much juice do we add we're
going to add all of
this
careful not to spill it I can see this
going bad very easily okay now that
we've got all of that juice in there
we're going to carefully seal this and
we're going to remove the air from
here as we seal it and now we have to
mix it so just real carefully mix all of
that stuff
together
prison sex
toy what mixing it up okay now that
we've mixed this up there's nothing else
we can do except put this in a dark
place and let it cook and this is going
to take a couple of days for this
cooking process to begin so we'll have
to check back then it's day six of our
wine creating process throughout the
entire course of this you are going to
have to be continuously burping this bag
bag of wine and the reason for that is
because it is going to be creating gas
inside of the bag and your bag is going
to be looking something like this when
it's time to be burped now I've been
having to burp this bag at least like
six or seven times a day and if you
forget to burp this bag it's going to
explode and I got to be honest with you
I did have this bag explode one time
already but when you burp it it goes
something like
this woo this stuff smells like straight
alcohol so once we burped it we're going
to then release all of that gas out of
there and then shake her up again and
put her back in a nice dark area where
it can continue to rot and ferment and
turn that sugar into alcohol when this
is done and when you will know it's done
is when the bag is no longer expanding
creating the gas uh that you need to
burp and like I said this is day six and
we're still having to burp this bag so
we know it's not done cooking yet now
when you create this nasty ass prism wi
in prison more than likely you're going
to be making this stuff inside of a
trash bag and when you're doing this
burping it is a huge responsibility
because not only do you have to burp it
to prevent this stuff from exploding and
producing a complete alcohol smell that
will permeate throughout the entire cell
block where seos can actually smell it
and be able to find your wine making
process but even burping this while in
prison is a risky operation because it's
going to give off a pungent smell so you
have to be very mindful of when you're
burping this because you do not want
cos's catching wind I guess that's a
pretty good pun of your alcohol Brewing
operation while
incarcerated
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so after about 8 Days our wine is done
it's no longer cooking it's no longer
expanding inside of the bag it's time to
see what this turned out like and of of
course we have Jessica here who has
never never gosh almighty I hate the
fact that I have to put you through this
to be fair I'm not going to strain this
the way that you would strain this in
prison and you know how you strain it in
prison you know how you get all of this
nasty stuff separated from the uh from
the actual wine you know how you do that
you use a sock you would actually pour
this through the sock into your cup I'm
not going to make you drink prison wine
through a
sock
and for
you I think that's
[Music]
enough we've had a look at what this
looks like and it looks what do you
think it looks like like grapefruit
juice smells like an aged something I
don't know cheese aged cheese well let's
have a toast okay what do you want to
toast let's
toast to homemade prison wine okay
Cheers Cheers see what it tastes
like oh God
Joe no no this is what you drink in
prison when it's time to get drunk oh
no I I can't no what's wrong what does
it taste
like it tastes to me personally this
tastes like some old rotten Mad Dog 2020
it tastes like
fire going down my throat that's the
alcohol and
um and this fire tastes like oranges
oh
God don't die on me okay I'm going to
take a second SI you got to just drink
it it's not for the taste at all oh
mother Lord oh it's got a lot of alcohol
in it
[Laughter]
though and you know I don't
and you know I don't drink
no oh Joe why did you make
this oh Jesus you know
what it's kind of it's kind of Addicting
though I keep wanting to sip on
it you're doing better than me cuz this
stuff about make me [ __ ] throw up I
mean like you just got to you got to you
got to kind of I'm trying to I'm trying
to gulp this [ __ ] kind of all right one
more try one
more look at
SC my
God it tastes like wine does it yeah it
tastes like wine oh my God I just threw
that [ __ ] up it tastes like
tastes like a sweet
wine well that's it I'm not drinking
this
sh
but somebody who has never been to
prison is handling this a lot better
than I am if you can handle throwing up
in something that is just absolutely
wretched well than cheers prison wine is
for you you going to drink the rest of
that yeah cheers oh [ __ ] no
hey look that's it I'm not drinking this
[ __ ] and until next time enjoy life the
Free World never take a moment for
granted and make the most of every
day
[Music]
[Applause]
peace