hey gang Tony here and today I'm
actually here to talk to you about
tepache that's right it's a pochet I
don't know if I'm pronouncing that
correctly but and what are you gonna do
here's the deal you guys may or may not
know that I'm really into like food and
cooking and trying all kinds of
different food projects those who follow
me on instagram are all too familiar
with my homemade sourdough breads
popping up weekly and I used to brew
beer which I haven't had time to do but
fermentation in particular is is just an
interesting thing to me
and I recently discovered a fermented
beverage specifically a fermented
pineapple beverage authentic to Mexico I
believe called spot-check so I whipped
up a batch of that a couple few days ago
I guess well a week ago it was a week if
you want to try this I don't have like a
set recipe or anything but essentially
all you have to do is get a pineapple
this is you should try to get organic
pineapples oh by the way I am going to
pour some and taste it and show you what
it looks like in just a second but to
tell you how to make it you get a big
jar and you cut up a pineapple
they say used organic pineapples because
of the net the natural yeast on the skin
of the pineapple is what ferments the
beverage I didn't use a organic
pineapple and it worked just fine so you
know take that for what you will you cut
it up into chunks with the rind on it
throw it all into the big jar you take
half a cup to a cup of brown sugar
traditionally it is uh pee on seal PPP
on chilo cheeto cheeto Chianti oh I'm oh
my god I'm bad at this but it's a pure
cane sugar you could get it in the like
a Mexican aisle of the grocery store and
I did not use that but if you want to be
purely traditional with this you would
use that or the brown sugar or honey you
could even use half a cup to a cup or so
I put a couple of sticks of cinnamon in
there I put a couple of knobs of ginger
I just kind of crushed up cut up threw
that in there some recipes call for
cloves I did not put cloves some recipes
call for like a habanero chili I did not
do that but you know you could
experiment play around with different
flavors so you do that and then you put
water you want to dissolve the sugar a
little bit with the water before it and
shake it around then fill it up until it
covers the pineapple if the pineapples
floating you could try to weigh it down
with something I just left it and kind
of mixed it every once in a while I was
fine cover it up with cheesecloth and
you'll leave it out and you leave it out
for anywhere from 1 to 5 days and just
keep watching it and for me it took
about two days before fermentation
started so natural yeasts in the skin of
the pineapple and probably the ginger as
well start to eat the sugar and you
start to see bubbles kind of coming up
up put some pictures maybe I had some on
Instagram and you kind of just taste it
and and it gets more and more tangy as
you let it go it will turn into vinegar
if you let it go for too long but I mean
three days is not nearly long enough too
far to turn to vinegar um but after that
you strain it out through some
cheesecloth I did a double strain method
just to get all the solids out mm-hmm
and then you can drink it there you can
chill it and drink it or you could do
like what I did and which was pour it
into gross bottles or the swing top
bottles and you won't be very very
careful with that though because there's
so much sugar and the fermentation
continues these will explode on you if
you're not kept not careful so I just
left him out for a day and then pop them
in the fridge to
[ __ ] the fermentation process sir
doesn't continue and that worked out
perfect for me I've read some things
that suggest that after putting in the
bottle maybe just throw it directly in
the fridge and they'll be okay
I did not try that but you might want to
if you're afraid of explosions uh and if
you want be super careful you just don't
have to put it in the bottle essentially
putting it in a bottle just helps it
carbonate more and becomes more fizzy
that way
I did about three days for fermentation
a day in the bottle add a chilled and
that's what this is the cool thing is
after you filter off the first batch you
could actually just put more water
another half cup of sugar and do it
again and it ferments in like a day
because it's already active and
everything so I've got two batches out
of that pineapple let's taste it alright
so I have opened this a couple times so
the carbonation is not quite as high as
it was but just take a look see what we
get they're not going to pour it all but
you could see I think how fizzy that is
and to get a nice little head
it is not alcoholic it has a trace
amount of alcohol in it barely anything
especially if you let it go for only a
few days it's good for your health you
know you've got health anyway because
probiotics it's about living organisms
the yeast and bacteria and whatnot
that's in there and it is delicious it
is
i-i've had some of it already it is so
good
so good um you get a little bit of
tankiness from the fermentation process
but uh again you could you can kind of
just watch it and you know if you don't
want it to be too tangy let it ferment
less time this is incredibly sweet still
between the pineapple and the brown
sugar that I had in there you know we
didn't let it ferment long enough to eat
all the sugar if you do that it will
become vinegar so this is really sweet a
little bit of a tang you kind of get
hints of the cinnamon and ginger but not
too much
so refreshing it tastes like pineapple
soda it's a all-natural naturally
carbonated pineapple soda the
carbonation - is this like silky a small
bubble effervescent sort of carbonation
not like real crazy you know co2 soda
carbonation not that this isn't co2 but
co2 forced carbonation like in sonís I'm
really good I highly recommend you guys
give this a try if you got a pineapple
around you could even just use the rinds
if you want to eat the pineapple just
use the rinds to make the drink I
imagine will be the less pineapple tea
but it's you know still capable of
fermenting and probably still makes a
pretty tasty turn you could add other
flavors to it just delicious it really
I'm floored by how good this is so give
it a try it's a pot check come back with
a couple of more traditional videos for
you guys Cheers
reliving the night