[Music]
hey everyone so during this past week I
made a pair of pajama pants using a
thrifted flannel sheet that I got for
about a dollar and a quar and so when I
posted a picture on my Whitney so's
Facebook page everyone really seemed to
like it and then my sister-in-law asked
me to make her pair so I decided that
since it had gotten such a good response
with the picture I would just go ahead
and tape making the second pair and do a
a tutorial on it so that is what today's
project is the materials you'll need are
fabric a pajama pant pattern a lastic
thread straight pens a tight measure
scissors and a sewing machine fold your
fabric right sides together and lay out
your pattern pieces it can be any pajama
pant pattern you want to use mine is one
I made by combining a Simplicity pattern
with a pair of exercise pants that I
really like and no matter what pattern
you end up choing choosing or creating
you will need to cut out two front
pieces and two back pieces lay one back
piece and one front piece right sides
together pen along the inseam below the
curve the curves won't line up but the
seam below it should since pajama pants
get more use than regular articles of
clothing I'm going to sew the seam twice
the first time I'm using a zigzag Stitch
right on the edge so that it over loocks
it and won't allow any fraying and the
second time I'm just sewing a straight
Stitch with a 5/8 in seam allowance
repeat with the other front and back
pieces you should now have two pieces
instead of the four you started with
open your pieces up and place right
sides together and line up the center
seams pen them and continue to pin
around the curve
[Music]
area sew the pieces together and like
before I first overlocking the edge with
a zigzag but this time instead of a 5/8
in I'm using a qu inch steam allowance
because you don't want the crotch area
of your pants to be bulky you can turn
the piece right side out and it will
start looking like a pair of
pants then flip it right sides together
and Pen down the
[Music]
sides sew it like you did the previous
seams fold up the bottom of the pant
legs to create a double fold Hemm pen
and
sew cut elastic to the length you need
and securely sew the ends together pin
the elastic to the fabric under side
even with the top
Edge pen in at least four
places sew near the elastic edge with a
zigzag Stitch stretch the elastic as you
sew and to make it easier on my machine
I'm also pulling the elastic from the
the back flip the elastic over and
zigzag still stretching as you sew and
if you want to put a tag on your pants
now is the time to sew it
[Music]
on to keep the elastic from flipping
over you can sew about 2 in down the
front back and side seams with a
straight Stitch so I'm tired of elastic
casings and just how they look and
making them which is why I decided to do
the elastic differently on these pairs
of pants and it just offers a different
option for you so I hope you make a pair
and if you do send me a photo on either
the Whitney so's Facebook page or to my
email if you want and that can be found
on my main Channel page and so yeah I
hope everyone has a comfy and cozy week
and I will be back next week with
another tutorial and this weekend there
will be a little mini tutorial um that
I'm going to be working on and uploading
so I hope you stop by for that as well
and I will see you everyone later
[Music]
bye