hey everybody it's Rosie and in this
video I'm sharing my recipe for my
Southern style black ey peas it's so
good and definitely Sunday dinner worthy
so let's get right into the recipe I'm
going to start off with my ham Hawks you
all know when it comes to beans and rice
and greens I love using ham Hawks
because it adds so much flavor so there
are my black ey peas they are my dry
black ey peas I've already rinsed them
under cool water I'm going to add those
into the pot right with my ham hacks now
I am going to add in some onions that I
sliced up
earlier I'm also going to add in some
seasonings and some spices so I'm going
to add some Smoky
paprika along with some garlic powder
I'm also going to add in some onion
powder as
well last but not least I'm going to use
some black pepper just regular crushed
black pepper so now I'm going to pour in
some water I don't need chicken broth
because the ham Hawks once they start to
cook that it's just going to add its own
flavor so you don't want to overpower
the seasoning from the ham hawks just
use water now I'm going to let this cook
for about 6 hours in my slow cooker and
it will be done and nice and ready to
serve looking just like this and I'm
going to serve it tonight with some fish
some greens and potato salad and check
it out it was so delicious speaking of
delicious make sure you check out my
friend Diane De Mayo's Channel because
she is making so many delicious treats
over there you must check her out so be
sure to do that I want to thank you all
for watching don't forget to comment
rate and
subscribe