[Music]
hi I'm Farm to Table Chef Teek Thompson
at Teek thompson.com and today we're
talking about proper techniques for
trimming your rosemary plant so
basically what you want to do is
stimulate new growth for the rosemary
plant so by trimming the stems here this
will just make tons of new shoots so you
want to come when it's about 4 in tall
and trim all the stems off and this will
encourage New Growth give it body and
enable it to Bush out so if you're ever
trimming something like the Woody stock
of the
Rosemary this could be uh if it was
damaged from cold weather or something
like that you want to trim it off until
it's Wick or until it's green underneath
there so you want to go all the way down
to the healthy and Alive part of the
plant when you're trimming dead parts
off and you'll always want to trim dead
parts off immediately no matter what
kind of year what time of year it is but
as far as the regular pruning goes it's
best to do it in the spring or summer
because in the fall it's too close close
to winter when it could be cold and New
Growth can get killed by the harsher
temperatures so those are pretty much
ways to trim and prune your rosemary
plant it's always good to trim and prune
because this encourages New Growth helps
The Plant Shed deadness and disease and
overall just will give you a more robust
plant I'm Farm totable Chef Teka
Thompson at teeka thompson.com today we
are talking about techniques for
trimming your rosemary plant thank you
for
watching