the final and last ingredient is any
color of food coloring
I chose yellow your one cup of flour in
your mixing bowl and one teaspoon of
salt and then you're gonna get your
water and put it and if you feel like
you need to add more flour you can so
I'm finishing up stirring my ingredients
together and let me feel lighting a
little bit with that set if you see and
then you're gonna stir it in so it looks
something like that now it's time for it
that's enough food coloring I actually
changed my mind instead of yellow I'm
going to use blue doesn't really make a
difference on what color you use make
sure it's edible food coloring so you're
gonna put about three or four drops
depending on your size and you're gonna
stir it up so I'm gonna finish finished
up stirring my bowl and this is what it
should look like now we're ready to put
them on to the pace debate
Hey so this is what Japan to the flag
after you put your parchment paper on
your parchment paper so and do it the
shape you want it I don't like to get
all over my hands because it usually
sticks to my hands and I don't really
like to do that so you're going to do
that until you use up all of your flour
let's tell you to create pre-heat your
oven to 200 some
you
here are the final and complete count
and if you want to know if they're safe
for your hamsters just make a Dada trial
last step is that you're going to want
to put all your hands to treat and a
ziplock baggie then you're gonna place
them in the freezer to join its get old
you