hi everyone this video Jan's going to
take you through it and it's how to have
an underskirt to of a wedding dress
watch and learn if you've got our 50
spell dress and you want to add a nice
book under skirt to it you can buy these
you know ready-made ones off the
internet they're absolutely amazing you
pop them under your dress and you've got
your splash of color or of course if you
just want to make the dress more full
then again you just pop one of these
under your dress if you've got the knife
and I'm fifty style dress I thought I
could put this under a tea-length
wedding dress and it would have the
effect of just giving a flush of color
as wheat world but it didn't work very
well because when you lay it underneath
the wedding dress the satin under scope
pushes it down and you end up with a
disjointed look so I'm going to show you
what I've done to add a splash of color
to the underside of a wedding dress
between the layers of nets and satin I'm
done I fought your Ganser seal on a roll
so it's all ready but it's not the
overlooking it's already done for me so
you buy it on a roll it's about eleven
yards of it I bought two rolls of this
organza laid one on top of the other put
them together with a running stitch you
just pop that on your machine and you
just put don't tie one end make sure
your thread is strong because otherwise
as you put it through it might snap just
too a running stitch all along the edge
one of the edges I hope you know that
here so imagine this is this age and you
just put a running stitch all the way
along the edge as close as you can to
you're overlooking then gently pull it
through just before you put it through
fold it in half and fold it in half
again so you've got a quarter of your
length and then pin it the four points
on the dress on your under skirt so
you've got one long length you folded it
you've sold you get again and then the
halfway mark and the quarter made right
mark you then pin it on with safety pins
then gently gather through all your
gathers until you have an equal just
abusive together all the way around me
on the skirt and in this case I pinned
it to this bottom layer that now has to
be sewn in place obviously then when we
bring this layer down it holds it out
beautifully so you just get much flash
of color
I'm not going below then level I want
this to still be the main part that you
see because then as as you twirl around
on the dance floor you see this bit so
it's not below the level it's got to be
just above the level of that to work
when I drop down the rest of the dress
the green shows through so what I've
done is I bought some lining cheap
lining I've cut it on the circle so I
simply measured this bottom edge
measured this round here and then I've
just cut it on the circle there's videos
out there to show you how to do that I'm
not going into how to do that
pinned it together cut the back out
forward as it will go and now when this
is when this is so mean I'm going to sew
this into place on this here if you come
in here you'll see where I'm going to
sew this into place while we'll pin it
and sew it into place and then this will
cover that green so then you can see
that covers degree and by the time you
bring down the rest of dress the green
doesn't show through I rent mentioned
I'm making a long running stitch and
gathering it and this is how I would do
it
I don't secure the end that be very
careful you don't put it through you
just do a very long stitch and run it
along
so you want a nice long stitch all right
I'm just gonna for now this isn't what
I'm going to do put it out don't secure
the end you need to have very strong
thread of going broadly spread so that
when you pull it it doesn't snap and
then you just take the top or the bottom
doesn't matter which one and you just
gradually put it through and you get
your gather and you can go to the other
end make sure you get the top or the
bottom the same one and can you see I'm
just pulling that through and that's all
I did in order to attach it to the net
on the wedding dress so you just pull it
through as much or as little as you want
and then tie the end off so it doesn't
pull through if of course you pull
through really hard it's open to unravel
so you need to hold the end and then
pull through gently on either the top of
the bottom one but make sure you've got
the other one held and you can gather it
as much or as little as you want so what
I was explaining with attaching this
before you gather your organza fold it
in half and then mark it with a safety
pin safety pins better because it won't
come out then fold it again and Mark it
again all the two bits so now you have
your mark a quarter of the way round and
a half of the way round so you know that
that is going to be the right hand side
of your under skirt that's going to be
the left and then you put this on the
middle seam if you have one and then as
you gather it through you know that that
section there is going to stay within
that first section of the quarter of
your underskirts and now here you can
see we cannot see the green through at
all and if I just homed in on here and
show you we lift this up you've got your
layers there's the fat in the lining I
put over all sewn into place and then
that comes over and that's blocked the
green showing through
by the time you've dropped the rest
little layers down there's no way that
greens gonna show through and there we
have our green under skirt so you just
get that flash of color just coming
through in amongst all the other folds
and as your twirl on the dance floor
that is going to look absolutely amazing
okay that's it thanks very much for
watching don't get all my videos you
know where to go Garrett and 33 tons of
stuff out there for everybody
thanks for watching