hi ask me how students studying in the
Christian within the data center
situated in Death Valley today I'm going
to show you the watching model of cute
in this religious tafoya a CD a DC motor
another jacketed high voltage battery of
nine volt battery holder and two wires
attached with a clip in the end to which
we can attach the DC motor and a
 now I'm taking a CD and that
built all kinds a second and it is using
disk and s you're a sixty picture so
what I think I hope you can see it now I
am making it reach double that stick and
stick it in the center like this now as
channel : it interrupt people
I hope you can see it I am going to
stick it on the double sided tape so
that I can attach the GT what's on it
lower GDP moltov attachment so what is
this so look it now eight beat clips I
adapted to the TV photo
like this and we just attach the battery
to the whole job
like it I hope you can see it now I can
visit it and we will discuss introduce
it and I hope you can be somewhat
white-collar doctoring and the other
colors disappear so slowly now it can be
studied moving faster so now when I am
remove the battery you can see all the
challenge is is where this individual as
a disability for beneficial significant
loss so this is our today's experiment
thank you it will add you treat people
can fight you