hello everyone in this video I'd like to
teach and review MLA style internal
citation and combine that with what
you've been learning recently about
quotations and paraphrases and how to do
that in your inquiry report paper so
let's get started with taking a look at
what needs to be cited the answer is
pretty much everything uh but
specifically direct quotations or even
parts of a direct quotation even if you
just use a phrase from someone else that
needs to be cited par phrases from your
sources and remember that's something
where you use different words or
different sentence structures but it's
the same idea that you got from another
source that needs to be cited
information you did not already know
needs to be cited and information that's
not common knowledge needs to be cited
as well just remember that plagiarism is
when you have seven or more identical
words without citation and I've seen
people intentionally plagiarize and I've
seen people unintentionally plagiarize
any identical words that don't have
citation or quotation marks if it's a
direct quote that's called plagiarism so
you want to avoid that in this
paper so what is internal citation or
intext citation basically it's a
reference in the middle of your text in
your paper this is not the same thing as
the works cited page these are
references in your paper that show where
a very specific quotation or piece of
information came from and it's not the
full Works sited entry it's just enough
information to get the reader to your
Works sited page and then using the
information on Works sited the reader
can then go find the full source so it's
kind of a shortcut of each Works sited
entry and it goes in your paper with
whatever specific information you got
from that specific
source so the question is how do you
create one and there are basically two
ways to do an internal intext citation
one of them is just toer refer to the
author or the source as you're writing
and that author should then be listed in
your full Works sited entry and so that
if your reader wants to know more about
that person who spoke in your paper the
reader can go find that work cited entry
and then find the original source so
you'll need to give the credential
something like this according to the
Center for Disease Control and and I
would then have a source in my work
cited that said the Center for Disease
Control
similarly Dr Bernard Stevens an
accomplished physicist says blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah whatever
physicists say I don't even understand
that but my Works sited page would have
something Stevens comma Bernard and it
would have that Source in the works
sited in my paper I'm just going to
refer to the person and similarly
Carolina Panthers coach Ron Rivera
believes blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah whatever he believes it's that the
Broncos are gonna lose the Super Bowl or
whatever it is but that coach the name
of the coach that I'm citing as I write
would then appear in my work cited page
as well so that's one way of doing an
internal citation the other way is to
create a parenthetical s citation
parentheses with whatever information
appears first in my Works sited entry
usually that's the author sometimes it
will be the title of your uh article or
whatever it is you're working with if
there's a page number available that
will be included in the parentheses and
this is again the short form of a Works
sited entry so let's just see how that
looks out this is my full works cited
entry that goes in my Works sited page
and because there's no author I'm going
to take the first information that's
here shorten it a bit put it in
parentheses here and here blueprint lays
path and this is what I would write in
the text of my paper to show my reader
that you can go to the work sited page
and get the full entry and then find
that particular
piece another one here's the full Works
sited entry begins with the author's
name so for my parenthetical citation
I'm going to put the author's name and
the page number in between parentheses
and that's what will go in my paper then
the reader can say hey I want to find
out more about that Source go to my
Works sited page at the end get the full
information and find it in this journal
American Economic Review
and lastly one more heler Steven and
Karen Pomroy writing this book I'm going
to use the last names of the two people
here in parentheses and the reader who
wants to know more can go to that works
sited page so hopefully that makes sense
but the parenthetical citation is the
one that uses the parentheses with that
first information from the work cited
entry so let's just take a look at how
that works out with punctuation if I do
an internal reference I just refer to
the author in my paper I would use an
introductory phrase or clause and offset
it with a comma like as pton Manning
suggests comma here's my quotation
period inside the quotation I would have
pton Manning in my worksighted page and
then in the text I would just refer to
where I got this quotation with the
author's name similarly according to
Republican presidential candidate Ben
Carson comma R versus wage should be
over turned now there's no quotation
marks that tells the reader this is a
paraphrase of what he said um but I
still need to cite what that the
information is there I would then say
this is Ben Carson would be in my Works
sited page so even if it's paraphrase it
needs to be cited somehow and this is
the internal reference another one I've
got a quotation here quote the opposite
of anger is not calmness it's empathy
according to Dr mment Oz Dr Oz and again
if this this is my reference in my paper
set off with a comma here by the from
the rest of my text I would need to have
Dr Oz in my works cited
page some other examples sometimes as
you learned in session three a quotation
can be announced with a full sentence
followed by a colon and that colon
indicates we've got a quote coming so
I've got Warren Buffett here saying what
true economic value is here is a colon
indicating I've got a quotation coming
quotation blah blah blah blah blah about
buying a company's period and a
quotation so I have cited The Source
here in my paper my work cited contains
an article by Warren Buffett I've
announced that a quotation is coming
with a colon I've given the quotation
and I've punctuated with the end
sentence end punctuation on the
inside another example season television
personality Oprah Winfrey offers
powerful advice again I would expect to
see Oprah Winfrey in my Works sited page
I am announcing the quotation with a
colon there's a full sentence behind
that colon and then I give the quotation
sentence in punctuation and quotation
marks so I've got the proper quotation
punctuation and I've got the proper
intext reference to my source for this
quotation now take a look at how this
all works together with the
parenthetical citations that's putting
something in
parentheses if you use a parenthetical
citation parentheses that contain that
first information from your work cited
entry it goes at the end of the sentence
not in the middle even if you use just
part of a quote and the punctuation with
that goes right after the parentheses so
I have my paraphrase blah blah blah blah
blah whatever Mr Steven said in my own
words I put the parentheses the author
the page number the parentheses and then
I finished my sentence with a period
question mark or quot or exclamation
point similarly if I've got a quotation
got direct quotation here that I took
from this Source I put my quotation no
end sentence punctuation here
parenthesis The Source from my Works
sited page parenthesis and then I put my
quotation my sentence in punctuation at
the end of
it and lastly let's say I've taken just
part of a quotation
and I'm writing my own text here I quote
part of my source I continue writing my
own source here I do not end the
sentence parentheses the author of that
quotation parenthesis and then my period
question mark or quot exclamation point
so all of your sentence in Punctuation
is going to come after the parenthetical
citation there's one exception to that
it's coming but generally speaking all
of that sentence end Punctuation is
after
parenthesis so let's put that together
with a few different kinds of examples
remember you are to carefully blend your
quotations into your paper not just
throw them in there like pepper but use
part of a quotation for example so I
here's my reference to my Works sited
page I'm going to reference the book
Walden by Henry David tho and this would
then be in my Works sited here's my
reference to it I've got little pieces
of quotations I'm using is words Shams
and delusions soundest truths fabulous
reality is fabulous and I've got that
part of quotations sentence in
there the New York Times reports however
that screening for Cystic Fibrosis is
here's the part that I'm quoting from
this Source it's in parenthe it's in
quotation marks I don't end the sentence
I put a parenthesis the author page 66
parenthesis and period to end the
sentence so most of the this is mine I'm
describing the source here I've got the
author here I've actually doubly uh
doubly cited this but I've got part of a
quotation and the sentence end after the
parenthe parenthetical
citation another example remember when
you blend quotation you may not need to
use the whole thing so you can take part
of it out with three little dots called
the ellipses and put those where the
words you took out are it's kind of like
a an apostrophe you take an apostrophe
that maybe represents letters that are
missing do not becomes don't you take
out that o same kind of thing with
ellipses so you've got this full
quotation here and this is my source
parenthetical citation with a period
after it but I don't want the whole
thing I it's just just too darn long so
I'm going to take out the words not
because of the state Eugenics committee
but and I'm just going to say human
Improvement is a fact of life because of
consumer demand quotation ends
parenthesis author who said this quote
page 75 parenthesis and sentence and
punctuation couple other different ways
this may work out sometimes when you're
quoting and blending you need to change
the original wording the capitalization
something like that and you use brackets
for that so the quarterback Joe nameth
told the reporter comma quote it's quite
simple they play the better games scored
more points and that's why we lost well
maybe Joe namoth didn't actually say the
other team but you want to clarify what
they means for your reader so you add
these words um the other team and you
put them in Brackets and the brackets
show the reader hey this was my this was
my phrase these were my words Joe namoth
never said the other team so that's just
telling the reader that you have worked
with the quotation to blend it and in
terms of citation I would then expect to
see Joe nameth uh in my work
cited similarly here's my citation
information at the end parenthesis with
a period at the end but here's my
quotation and it says it imposes a heavy
procedural workload what is it that can
be very confusing in conversation and
sometimes in writing so I'm going to
clarify what it is driving imposes a
heavy procedural workload on cognition
so this is probably talking about
distracted driving right so you have
brackets here to show that I as the
writer am clarifying what the quotation
really means what that it is about again
got your quotations ends with your
parenthetical citation page number
author period at the
end another one another situation you
might encounter block quotations if you
have a very long quote four lines or
longer you're going to use special
formatting for that and this is the one
case where Punctuation is a little bit
different
you'll introduce your quotation and end
with a colon this is much like the other
ways of blending we've talked about a
full sentence introduction got a
quotation coming here's my colon but
then because it's a long quotation I
want to set it off from the rest of my
paper so this part is a quotation so I'm
going to indent here and only in this
case will I use a period at the end of
the block quotation and then my citation
so then my parenthetical Cit citation
then I go back finishing off the rest of
my writing here and I change the margins
back you'd use a hanging indent for that
so ask if you're not quite sure how to
do that so just remember if you got a
block quotation a colon to introduce it
you indent one inch you don't use
quotation marks on your quote because
the fact that it's indented is telling
the reader there's a quotation and then
you use a period and then your
parenthetical citation so block
quotations are a little bit different
they really do make a difference in
showing where your sources
are one more type situation you might
hit quoting somebody who's quoted in
your article and this is really
important if you're doing inquiry you're
using sources that quote people but the
people that are quoted in the article
aren't the ones who wrote it so what do
you do and you use the word the answer
is you use the words qtd mean quoted in
your source so let's say I've got Adams
here talking about her book Chicken
Little the article was written by J
Smith here but in that article there's a
quote J Smith has written Adam asserts
her book Chicken Little up without a
doubt chicken came before the egg so you
got the same kind of quotation marks
here with the periods after your
parenthetical citation but you're saying
that Adams was quoted in the article
that's in your work cited by John Smith
or J Smith whoever he is J Smith is in
your work cited Adams is not in your
work cited page but J Smith is and in
that article by J Smith Adams was quoted
little bit confusing but you're going to
hit this a lot so let's look at another
example in a May 1800 letter to wat
kraton wrote the excellent Satanism
reflects the immortal Honor on the club
you can only guess what this was about
right the article ATT in my Works sited
page is hunt and Jacob and this is the
page number where that article came from
kraton was not in my work cited kraton
is the one who is quoted in the article
by hunt and Jacob so since the reader's
not going to look for kraton in my work
cited you got to say kraton was quoted
in qdn Hunt and Jacob and same thing as
before quotation marks parenthesis qtd n
your author your page number parenthesis
and period it's getting complicated
isn't it one more example John Murray
calls Tim Smith interesting but
egotistical and the author that's in my
work cited Pages this just Ronnie guy
page 34 the person who said this is John
Murray he was quoted in the article by
Jess Ronnie so the reader is not going
to find Murray in my work cited page the
reader will find Jess Ronnie in my Works
sited page but this article had a great
quote by this guy so I indicate that
with qtd in the
author and one more same same deal here
this person here shelene trouble often
follows quote quoted in the article by
Robinson ask yourself Robinson who who's
the who's the author of my article it's
Robinson who's the person who has
written about in the article it's this
guy here whose PR name I'm not going to
attempt to
pronounce and and lastly one other
situation you might hit quotation within
your quotation you're going to use
single quotation marks within a
quotation that has double quotation
marks so the teacher is talking here and
I'm quoting the teacher let us explore
what is meant by the quote do un to
others as you would have them do unto
you comma well this is a famous quote
I'm referring to that with a single
quotation mark here and a single
quotation mark here but the whole thing
was said by the teacher so I've got
quotation marks double on either side to
show that the quotation that I'm taking
contained another quotation gets a
little complicated here's another one
this one was actually from a recent
article on the refugee crisis in Europe
This was the article right here it's
about how turkey is responding to the
refugees differently the article is by
Miss Olivia Ward and so that's my
citation at the end again followed by a
period but in this artic article there's
a quotation by this guy again Turkish
name I'm not going to pronounce it and
make a fool out of myself so this he's
the guy who's quoted as I look back at
my source here right in here he's the
guy who's being quoted Miss Ward is not
saying this he is saying it I am quoting
a quotation from him as I quote this
particular article so it all comes
together this is my writing turkey's
approach to the refugee crisis is the
most
humanitarian colon to announce that I've
got a quotation from a source
then I begin my quotation from my
research by Miss Ward quotation instead
of dishing out meals to Camp dwellers
gager said turkey is quote giving them
electronic debit cards so they can do
their own shopping it's good for the
dignity and they can eat the food they
like end of quotation from this guy end
of quotation from the article by Ward
parenthesis period again gets kind of
complicated so don't hesitate to ask for
help if you need some assistance with
this uh getting this down takes a while
takes a number of different experiences
with MLA and papers and research but
know that you may hit this kind of
situation where you've got a quote
within a quote um and this is how you do
it so take it slowly pay attention to
where those quotation marks are going so
just to remind you practice makes
perfect the way you're going to learn by
the these rules is by writing your paper
and encountering different situations so
go ahead and refer back to this that
will help you learn the rules and again
don't hesitate to ask for help