no this one's too
dark this one's empty
[Music]
this is the
one all right this one's
empty
what maybe these could
work hey guys it's Julia and this video
is five ways to make makeup out of
sidewalk chalk I decided to do this
video because you guys really liked my
video on five ways to make makeup out of
crayons and since Crayola also makes
non-toxic sidewalk chalk I decided why
not try talk too if you're not already
subscribed to my channel make sure you
subscribe right here and hit the little
bell for notifications whenever I upload
and if you can get this video to 40,000
likes for DIY makeup products that' be
amazing I'm also bringing back Snapchat
shoutouts where I just shout out people
in the comments so leave a comment down
below and you might potentially get
shouted out on Snapchat you can just
screenshot little icon right here to add
me here are the winners for my 2 million
subscriber giveaway I'm so sorry for the
delay but I hope you guys enjoy your
prize and don't worry if you didn't win
cuz I will have another giveaway very
soon now let's go ahead and get into the
video DIY number one the gel eyeliner so
here's what you're going to need to
start with so we're going to take out
the black or charcoal colored chalk and
then we're going to put in a bag isn't
this chalk kind of shaped like a crayon
and now we crush the chalk
can't touch
[Music]
this so once your chalk is smashed into
Dusty little pieces we're going to take
these here items and we're going to pour
it in a bowl pour in some rubbing
alcohol and some water and mix it all
together then add some coconut oil and
then put it over a candle to melt it all
down
together bring drops drop tops cooking
up chalking a hot pot what once I had it
melted down to its perfect consistency I
bow out the candle and poured it into an
empty eyeliner jar and that's it just
put it in the fridge for about 30
minutes and then let it cool outside the
fridge for another 30
minutes all right now let's try this out
so I'm going to just Swatch it it's very
pigmented now I'm going to apply it to
my
eyes so this eyeliner wasn't the best I
think the crayon eyeliner was much
better but it's still good for smudging
underneath your waterline while the
crayon eyeliner is really good for your
actual waterline here's the finished
product like I said it looks good on the
waterline but I'd rather use it as a
smudging
liner DIY number two the lipstick so
here's what you're first going to need
we're going to take this pink crayon put
it in a bag and just hammer it till it's
dusty pieces now we're going to take
these items the same thing as before and
pour the dusty pieces into this little
bowl take some petroleum jelly or
Vaseline a little bit of alcohol a
little bit of coconut oil and then we're
going to melt it down over a
candle W pink just got like 50% more
pigmented once I added heat just keep
mixing over the
candle so you can use water rubbing
alcohol to add some liquid to the
mixture just be really careful if you
use rubbing alcohol and then you put it
over your flame because that stuff is
flamable and now we're going to go ahead
and pour it into our lipstick container
which got a little bit messy but that's
okay and then we're going to put it in
the fridge for 30 minutes and then let
it sit outside the fridge for another 30
minutes and that's
it now let's try the lipstick out so I'm
just going to Swatch on my arm turned
out very pigmented just wiping my
lipstick off to try it on and ended up
being super pigmented on lips but it
turned out okay I decided I don't think
I like this color though number three
our Contour so here's what you're going
to need for this so we're going to take
the chalk and break it down into the
right color consistency for the Contour
whatever is best for your skin tone and
then hammer it up now we're going to
take the same items that we used before
to create the right consistency except I
use shea butter this time stick to
coconut oil shea butter does not work
very well so for some reason the oil
decid to separate from liquids so I'm
going to be adding some this HD
foundation powder and see that brings it
together luckily the powder helped to
bind the oils together so I was able to
salvage the product and then I put it in
this little container and then we put it
in the fridge for 30 minutes and then
let it sit outside the fridge for
another 30 minutes minutes and that's
[Music]
it okay now let's try the Contour out I
know it doesn't look as Prett in the pan
as the others but it did work pretty
well sorry I had a little bit of Contour
already on there it goes on pretty well
it's not the best for blending out but
if you're in a pinch and you have
nothing else I think it's pretty good
number four our concealer so we're going
to take these items right here and pick
out the right chalk colors for your skin
tone and then crush them up in a
bag if you have a lot of pent up
aggression this DIY is perfect cuz you
can just hammer it all
out working
now just keep hammering till you get a
dust-like consistency and then we're
going to take these items again and pour
it into a bowl take some alcohol some
water some binding powder and some
coconut oil and then we're going to heat
it up over a candle like the other three
till it reaches the perfect consistency
and then we'll pour it in its container
and let it sit in the fridge for 30
minutes and then outside the fridge the
fridge for another 30 minutes sorry I'm
sick
guys okay let's try this concealer out
it ended up being really good coverage
and completely covered my pimple it
actually covered the pimple pretty well
but the consistency of this is a little
bit more chunky and liquidy than I hoped
it would be so I feel like if I were to
do it again I would definitely blend out
the chalk more and put a little less
[Music]
liquid our last and final one the
eyeshadow pick out whatever colors of
chalk you want I decided I wanted a
rainbow eyeshadow palette so I'm just
going to take them each into individual
bags and then we're going to hammer them
until they reach a choc like
consistency sorry my voice sounds so
weird I have like a cold right now but I
hope you guys
understand
[Music]
stop H
Che okay so we're going to take these
items we're doing things a little bit
differently with the eyeshadows so we're
going to pour in the first color into
the bowl and then a little bit of
alcohol a little bit of water and then
some castor oil and some binding powder
and we're going to mix it together with
no fire and then we're going to place it
into the pan and we're going to do that
for each
color it looks like mustard and then
we're going to do that for for each and
every
color so again we're going to take it
and put it in the fridge for 30 minutes
and then let it sit outside the fridge
for another 30 minutes so it can dry
completely and that's
it all right let's try the ey Shadow out
it actually ended up being my favorite
so we're going to test the pigmentation
each on my hand I know they don't look
super pigmented with the first swipe but
they're extremely extremely
buildable now that I have another
rainbow arm here are the finished
eyeshadows and overall I think they
turned out really really well for DIY
pressed eyeshadows I've never like seen
anyone successfully make DIY pressed
eyeshadows yes they're a little chunky
and there's going to be quite a bit of
Fallout but they are very buildable and
blendable and I think that's pretty
important so what did you think of the
video did you enjoy it well if you did
make sure you subscribe to my channel
for more and hit the bell for the
notifications let me know in the
comments if you're going to try any of
these and if you do definitely send me a
picture on like Twitter or Instagram
thank you guys so much for watching if
you missed my previous video you can
click here on the screen to watch it or
like in my description of all my social
media so I'll either see you in that
video or my next video I'll talk to you
guys later heart
bye