hi guys Merry Christmas and happy
holidays in this video I'm going to
teach you how to make the Hexafish
Rainboom bracelet this is a more
advanced bracelet and it does require a
lot of patience a lot of bands a lot of
time so if you guys are not up for that
then don't try to make this but I do
want to say that if you have not tried
to make the fishtail bracelet do that
first because this is basically a bunch
of little fishtails put together I do
have a video on how to make a fishtail
bracelet and I have a bunch of other
Rainbow Loom bracelet tutorials so check
them all out I'll have a little linky
guy right here you can click on and I'll
also have the link in the description
box below if you do not have a loom this
is a 99 cent piece you can buy from joam
fabrics and it's the easy looper it
comes with two six pin um looms and um
two little hooks in there so again this
was 9 you can make little tin
bracelets on this guy and it's
definitely a cheaper alternative to
getting a $16 $17 Rainbow Loom which I
do have and I'm going to show you how to
make it on this but you're going to need
six pins for this bracelet of course and
yeah the light changes on me that's fun
not really remember to please click the
Thumbs Up Button if you like Rudolph and
if you like my video of course and if
you're not subscribed already and you
enjoy crafty videos and the occasional
Rainbow Loom tutorial then please
subscribe to my channel especially you
guys who have just gotten a rainbow loom
for Christmas now without further Ado
let's Loom it up start by setting up
your loom like this grab six rubber
bands of a color that you do not want on
the rest of your bracelet because you're
going to cut these off at the end start
at the top right Peg and you're going to
take one band and just put it from that
Peg to the next and you're going to Loop
it into a figure8 or Infinity shape
while you do this so you're going to do
the same thing for the bottom right to
the middle and then take another band
from the middle to the lower left go
from the lower left to the top left with
another band and for the fifth band go
from the top left to the middle and then
you're going to go from the middle to
the top right with your Sixth and final
band if you're using a little Loom like
this you set it up exactly the same way
once you've pushed down all the figure
eight bands you're going to add a single
band around all six pins then you're
going to add another one the exact same
way on top of that you always always
want three layers of bands on the loom
unless I tell you otherwise now for
hooking you're going to start at that
bottom right Peg and you want to pull
both layers of the black band over the
peg you're going to do this for each Peg
so you should see what looks like two
black bands and you're just going to
pull those over the peg each time so I'm
doing the middle the bottom corner
Corner the top Corner the top middle and
then that top right corner I'm doing the
same thing every time just pulling all
those black bands over the peg make sure
you just get your hook and grab both of
the black bands and pull it over then
push everything down and it's time to
add another band on top because you
always want three bands on the loom at a
time now you're going to pull the bottom
band over each each peg in my case it's
a fuchsia color and I'm always going to
start at that bottom right Peg and move
in a clockwise motion so I don't forget
to hook
[Music]
any you're just grabbing the bottom
fuchsia band every single time with your
hook and pulling it over the peg
and once that's done push all the bands
down and add another band around all six
pegs I'm going to be doing the same step
this entire bracelet until we get to the
very
end so you can see I'm pulling that
bottom band which is fusion and I'm just
taking that and pulling it over the peg
each time so you can see I'm just
hooking the bottom band and pulling it
over the peg hooking the bottom band and
pulling it over the peg then I'm going
to push all the bands down and add
another color now I added a green band
and I'm going to pull all the bottom
orange bands over that start at the
bottom right Peg and work your way
around in a clockwise fashion I'm just
going to show you this a couple more
times but it's going to be sped up a
little so I'm adding a green band and
just repeating these same exact steps by
pulling that bottom orange band over
every single Peg once that's done I push
it down I add a blue band around all six
pegs start at the bottom right Peg and
I'm just going to pull the bottom green
band over every single Peg push it all
down add my next blue band around all
six pegs and just do the same step over
and over and over again seriously this
is going to take you at least an hour I
would say to get about 90 to 100 Bands
on depending on your wrist size now I've
gone through my pattern a few times and
I probably have around 30 bands on I
didn't count so yours is probably
bunched up in the middle or maybe
starting to come out the bottom so
you're just going to pull those black
bands that you started with and pull the
bracelet out and pull it tight so you
can see what length you have and you can
see your bracelet come into shape but
you definitely need to repeat the same
step over and over and over and over
until the bracelet is long enough for
you and then I'll show you how to finish
it once my bracelet is finally long
enough I'm going to repeat the same
exact step as I've been saying so
there's three bands on here I'm going to
pull that bottom orange one from each
Peg and then there will be two bands
left on each Peg and you're not going to
add one on top so I have two green bands
on each Peg and I'm just going to pull
the bottom green band over each
[Music]
Peg
once you're at this point you're going
to move that green band from the top
right Peg to the top middle
Peg then move the band from the top left
Peg to the bottom left Peg and move the
band from the bottom middle Peg to the
bottom right Peg now you're going to
take your next color of band and you're
going to put it over four pegs to form a
triangle
you can actually move both green bands
on top at the same time if you want
to now I'm going to move all of my blue
bands to the top Peg so I'm just going
to take the right side and move it to
the middle and then take the left side
and move it to the middle now grab a c
clip and you're going to make sure all
of those blue bands on that top Peg are
in the C clip securely then you can
remove your bracelet from the
loom carefully now on the other side of
the bracelet you can see that there are
six sets of fuchsia bands around those
black bands so what you're going to do
is you're going to stick the bracelet
back into the loom you're just going to
slide it in and you are going to
reattach these fuchsia bands to all of
the six pegs each set of fuchsia bands
is going to go around a separate Peg
[Music]
once your bands are placed on all six
pegs then you're going to cut the black
bands yes that's all right you're going
to cut them they're not needed
anymore
now just as always you're going to start
at the bottom right Peg and you're going
to bring the bottom band up over the peg
on all six pegs just like we have done
for every single step and exactly the
way we ended the other side we're going
to move the bands to three pegs instead
of six so the top right goes to the top
middle the top left goes to the bottom
left left the bottom middle goes to the
bottom right then add your final band to
the Four Pegs that form a triangle now
take the two fuchsia bands from each Peg
and pull them over finally you're going
to move the two blue bands from the
bottom row on either side and just take
those up to the top middle Peg that's it
now you have a beautiful rainbowloom
hexa fish bracelet and you can show it
off to all your friends and be like hey
look at what I made I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you end up making
your own hexa fish bracelet then please
use # SoCraftastic to show me on
Instagram and this is the last official
lomness day um because it's the last
Wednesday in December so I am taking
next Wednesday off I'm just taking a
little break but let me know in the
comments section if you do want to see
more Rainbow Loom videos and yeah we'll
take it from there I will still be doing
Rainbow Loom on this channel but just
not every single week um I might have a
set day or I might do it like twice a
month or something just to tone it down
for people who don't have Rainbow Loom
so yeah that's pretty much it please
click like if you enjoy this video and
let me know what you got for Christmas
in the description box as well I'm like
telling you guys to leave a bunch of
comments but just do it because it's fun
to read through all right well I hope
you guys have a great rest of the day
happy Holidays happy New Year merry
Christmas and I will see you guys very
soon I'll see you on Friday for Crafty
Friday bye um why did the light just go
away now I have to wait for you to to
come back come on random Rudolph yes but
his nose lights up I'll show you Rudolph
with your nose so bright he has a very
shiny nose oh this is ridiculous now I
have to wait for the heat to turn off
bam