[Music]
today I'm feeling ready to make some
chicken spaghetti this is a recipe that
I know how that I this is how I make my
chicken spaghetti I may not make it like
everyone else
but this is how I make my chicken
spaghetti okay right here as y'all can
see I have put some what I'm using today
I like to use the dark pieces of chicken
for my chicken spaghetti I never use
uses unless it's a whole chicken yes I
would do it then but if it's a a if its
parts I only use like legs and thighs my
chicken legs or balling I got chicken
legs today okay I'm getting ready to put
a little salt in it and some onion
powder trying to hold it back
okay steam y'all steam is getting it
okay well onion powder some garlic
powder
okay some black pepper
in some cayenne pepper that's a little
bit okay as y'all can see here I have
some my green peppers chopped up my bell
peppers and my onions and I also have my
Velveeta cheese and some Rotel tomatoes
okay if you don't like the Rotel
tomatoes you can use your regular petite
tomatoes y'all can see there I'm getting
ready to cook my spaghetti in that pot
back there I'm waiting on a 2 ball so I
can cook my spaghetti and I also have
some cream of chicken I may use that and
I mean ah I think I may use that little
small okay I don't use it since I am
boiling my my you know my chicken so I'm
gonna use that broth I'm gonna use that
broth to make my chicken spaghetti so
you always save the broth and you also
save the water that the pasta goes in
the pasta goes in like if I wasn't ball
in this this chicken I would and I was
baking it and you know I wouldn't had no
broth I was used that water that I use
my pasta that ball my pasta okay y'all
don't put all this stuff away these
seasonings I'm gonna be right back okay
y'all here I where I help um edit my
chopped vegetables my onions and my bell
peppers and my skillet
I'm almost saute these
let these get really tender use all
teeth and butter our chicken broth I
prefer the margarine instead of the
butter but if I got butter on hand which
I have some but I really prefer the
Marjorie
now see my water is getting ready to
ball I'm getting ready to up when it
starts to ball I'm gonna put my pasta
hey y'all I decided to come back this is
what I'm doing I'm turret turning my
heat down on these sauteing I'm also
adding me oh okay
make sure you able to get that I kept it
to definite get tender okay let me check
my chicken yes okay I'm getting ready to
add my pasta right back okay y'all I'm
getting ready to add my pasta to the
boiling water what I did
I added maybe a couple of teaspoons of
salt and probably about a couple of
tablespoons of vegetable oil in my water
these so that the pasta won't stick okay
I'm getting ready to cook my pasta okay
it was boiling it don't stop I don't add
in my pasta and I put like one whole
package 16 ounce package and and I'm
half of a 16 ounce package okay and I'm
gonna let y'all see that my vegetables
are getting tender there - I'm making
turn them off now
chicken is it's about ready like I say
it is
Oh any kind of all any kind of all in
here
a new all y'all beneath hey okay
like I say these are getting ready to
boil as y'all can see and I'm getting
ready to turn off my vegetables because
they are ready
there are tender that ready so I'm gonna
turn this off and I'm gonna bawl my
pasta I spaghetti and I'm gonna drain
them and I'm gonna be right back
okay y'all I'm back I'm gettin ready to
mix all my ingredients together I'm
still debating about the cream of
chicken I'm not sure if I'm gonna add
that okay this is my broth from my
chicken I'm gonna add some to my
spaghetti what I did I um I got my my of
spaghetti is not to stick what I did why
I was waiting on me to shred up my
chicken I said it in my strainer
I got a large side straight let me show
you okay this is really big it's y'all
can see this is a big is big enough to
go in this bowl and I got a bowl right
here what I do I put my spaghetti in
there I rinse them off and I put them in
there and I let them sit in cool water
okay y'all see I just let it sit in cool
water until I'm ready okay when you
remove your spaghetti from the stove you
know they will continue to cook so what
I was doing I'm trying to keep them from
continuing to cook so I just set them in
some cool water and that'll stop the
cooking process okay
that's why I say I may not need that I'm
probably gonna put it in anyway the
Kremlin chicken okay I'm adding my
chicken I think I'm gonna put this cream
of chicken I usually do I almost didn't
I usually put it in there and sometime I
don't get all the pins
I think I'm go ahead and put it in I'm
gonna show y'all I don't like to show
y'all a shortcut sometimes I do it in
some time I know i'ma show y'all the
exactly I do it okay this is what I
purchase from Walmart it's a great bag
you Brin can use Campbell on the store
brand I'm also gonna add my tomatoes
like I said Rotel tomatoes those you can
use them I'll can you don't have to use
the the the hot kind of the original if
you don't like it hot do not use it and
I use you can all make may have a mild
brand of Rotel tomatoes you can use I
hardly ever use the hot ones
like I say y'all can y'all can bake your
chicken put it in the oven see I prefer
to do mine like this so that try to
shred some train it up some more some of
the pieces I didn't get to yo you can
use chicken breast chicken size I like
to use the legs the dark pieces but if
you don't like the dark pieces don't use
it do not use the door pieces if you
don't prefer those tomatoes make sure
y'all get the small can you know they
have the Rotel if there are us they have
them in petite sizes okay like I said
this is my belVita cheese that I had cut
into cubes
okay at that yeah I know I got to wash
my okay I'm getting ready to add my
vegetables onions and bell peppers see
how they're cooked
see they don't change to a lighter
pigment lighter texture and they are
done okay
I can you can put it in there with your
chicken but I prefer not to because I
want all the flavor that I can for my
chicken spaghetti I'll mix that up okay
y'all mix all this together
because I don't like my spaghetti if you
want you can add more cream of chicken
now give me some more cheese let me find
some more cheese here no I wouldn't even
try to make all this oh I always end up
making the whole lot like I'm just
really only like babbles here yeah my
husband and my three kids three children
so you're gonna add I think this
Monterrey let me see what it says
whatever cheese you like you prefer this
is cheddar and Jack cheese I got some
more I'm gonna add awesome
see this Velveeta cheese where they
gonna do when you put it in a cone melt
and go melt all in those spaghetti and
it's really really good yeah
I went ahead and pass that cream of
chicken in there because I usually use a
can or two in my chicken spaghetti okay
y'all I'm going for cheese
so we purchased this at Sam's and this
is frozen but it doesn't matter you can
buy the pick you know what I'm talking
big bags they have it Sam's you can
always freeze see that's what I do I
freezes it I'm adding it to my mixture
doesn't matter you're gonna get you're
gonna melt it will melt so don't worry
about that
hey yo I'm telling you I wouldn't
intended on making all of this
I'm have to call up somebody I hope so
Mikey sometimes he'll come back but your
chat and they'll come out somebody's
gonna come and see you about mother and
daddy don't leave him
I know he's in there he hear me you made
me sleep
okay we do just mix this up like I say
with all that cheese and I bet neither
cheese you're gonna end up creamy and
good
okay the rest of this cheese that I have
I'm gonna up put it on top we find me
opinion
no I'm being lazy I'm gonna try what
he's for bands put it in get all down at
the bottom of this pan all the way oh oh
see the Velveeta cheese have started
mail too
I would make probably two pairs of these
and I was not even trying to that's what
I'm used to making a whole life for our
family
okay I'm just gonna put this set this
way and I'll show your hobby at this I'm
not gonna need a secondhand
okay
somebody about the bell pepper and
onions it smells so good it makes a
whole kitchen smell so good okay that's
it and I'm getting ready to set this in
a 350 degree oven or maybe 15 minutes 15
minutes 15 to 20 minutes should do it
okay and so I have taken my spaghetti
and I'm gonna show y'all how it turned
out
very more cream
[Music]
now know how those beginning
[Music]
really creamy
y'all I had so much spaghetti my
daughter just happened to come back like
I told y'all hit Miami made a lot she
came back
pin home things like first-come
first-serve
she won first one maybe here in left
okay y'all ready to close one now we
need to close
see my spaghetti chicken spaghetti got
here to die they turn it out
that's real creamy cause that Velveeta
cheese y'all it melts and um and it
becomes really really good unveils and
is very delicious
okay y'all I'm getting ready to close
this out we can see
okay and I want y'all to have a great
day rispa tonight and you will see you
in another video
okay bye bye for now
[Music]
you