[Music]
hi my name is Andy Nukem and I'm a
Hallmark photo stylist and today we're
going to talk about Mac what I'd like to
do is show you the four basic knots that
you need to understand to do your own
Mac project so let's begin first thing
that we'll need to do is take our
strings that we want to use
and put both ends of the string together
of one strand that you've cut and then
take your hands down to the middle of
that and when you get to the end that's
your halfway point and so when you get
to the halfway point you'll have a
natural hoop right there you take that
Loop and just lay it over the mounting
rod and let that come all the way down
below and the middle strings go through
it and then you just pull it
tight all right we're ready to start the
probably most important knot the square
knot the square knot is basically the
found
of what you'll be doing with mac and for
that you'll need four strands so I'm
going to isolate these four and when you
work on the square knot your two middle
strands always stay together so just
think of them as one then you can start
on either the right or the left I'm
going to start on the left and I'm going
to make what looks like a number four so
you can see the shape of the number four
right there then I'm going to get this
strand on the right and I'm going to go
over the tail of the four underneath the
two strands that are held together and
up through the hole of the
four and that will create
1/2 of the square knot and now I'm just
going to reverse that so this time the
four will be on this side and then this
strand on the left now will go over the
tail underneath everything else and up
through the hole of the four and we'll
pull that tight so there you have a
finished square knot what we'll do is
we'll just keep alternating back and
forth with our four design that we make
and your should look something like this
when you're done the next thing that
we're going to do is a spiral and it's
very easy you already know how to do
this we'll start with our four go over
the tail of the four up through the hole
that's created by the four pull it
tight and this time instead of reversing
and going to the other side we're going
to keep doing that for
on the same side and what will start to
happen as we do this is you're going to
get a
[Music]
twisting we finished the spiral knot
which is just 1/2 of the square knot and
that's looking good so now we're ready
for our third and final knot which is
the half hitch all right now with the
half hitch what you'll need to do is
decide which strand or which string you
want to use as the one that the knots
are going to go around all right we'll
start today I decided with the far left
string and instead of I could go
completely horizontal but I think to
make it a little more interesting I'm
going to do a diagonal so I need to kind
of keep this held in place as my guide
then I'm going to take the next string
and on the left hand side and that's
what I'll be nodding with and I'm going
to create a u that goes over this
diagonal string and then when it goes
over I'm going to reach through the
opening of the U and pull that strand
through and then up and I'm going to
pull it tight like that and then I just
repeat create the U
again so you can see that and then I'm
going to pull this through the opening
and pull it tight then I simply go to
the next one and I do the same thing
keep in the diagonal the whole time as
you learn these knots there are again
hundreds of variations you can do I
think for our purposes I'm going to come
back this way so you can see how you can
not coming the other way what we'll do
is we'll just reverse what we did on the
other side and do the U this way with
the string coming through the hole like
that and pulling it tight and then I
just repeat that the second time
remember each string we not two
times all right so congratulations you
now have the three basic knots down the
square knot the spiral which is just
half the square knot done over and over
and then the half hitch and that really
is the foundation for any Mac project
that you want to do in the future so
congratulations and have fun as your
[Music]
Mac