[Music]
bread sauce is traditionally eaten with
chicken or game birds such as pheasant
and of course with turkey at Christmas
time now to start with I've got a large
white onion that I need to cut in half
and press four cloves into each
half Place into a saucepan with a bay
leaf eight pepper corns and a pinch of
Mace add 600 mL of whole milk and bring
to the boil then remove from the heat
cover and leave to infuse for one to two
hours then strain the milk into a bowl
and return to your
saucepan I've got 150 g of white sliced
bread here which is about six slices and
I've cut the crusts off and one day old
Bread's going to work even better it'll
give a great texture tear into small
pieces and add to your food processor
and Blitz until you have fine
breadcrumbs and add to the milk with 25
G of butter heat over a very low heat
stirring regularly until the sauce is
thickened this should take about 5 to 10
minutes now at this stage you could
allow it to cool and put it in the
freezer for up to a month so that's
great if you're trying to get ahead and
when you're ready to serve simply reheat
or what I'm going to do is add the
remaining 25 G of butter and 50 Ms of
double cream and then season with salt
and a generous grating of fresh nutmeg
stir well then
serve
[Music]
a delicious and simple accompaniment
bread sauuce
[Music]