hi I'm Rebecca and I'm in my red studio
and I'm with one of my buds Ritzer
Michelle though and we wanted to talk to
you about red color perfect what you get
is a bottle of red dye in one of seven
colors already pre-mixed ready to go
right from the bottle and then we
included three applicator tops that you
can interchange on your die bottle one
is a sprayer
and is a drip top and the bird is a
dollar I worked on some kids tennis
shoes and basically took the passion
pink taped up the bottom of my shoe and
then use the dauber to paint it sprayed
it with our color stayed a fixative let
it sit for 20 minutes and there you go I
was ready to go to the Masters if only
someone would invite me so I did this
great little canvas purse
I took a stencil laid it over sprayed it
the enamel blue and our lemon twist
yellow and then like teal evil yeah
exactly it mixed a little bit right and
then you peel off the stencil and you
get this great detail left behind it
wonderful but not worried about your
flowers those weren't made from campus
no these are paper flowers you spray
them with the sprayer and you get that
nice saturation of color and then you
can use the dauber which you love so
much and get the edges you get some nice
detail yeah and you have great control
like you can see about your sneakers to
it mean obviously having tape around the
rubber hops but you get great control
over where you have to die it was so
easy it took me like five minutes right
I also have found that I've enjoyed
using it on wood we bought a bunch of
wood letters of course I did my initials
and I actually dog use the dauber to do
the wood
and then I had some paper flowers
somewhere else would be in fact that I
sprayed these and then added them into
my initials this great little onesie is
a little baby gift I use our citrus
orange and my little my favorite hazel
in Ruby stencil mask so it sticks right
to the fabric then you spray the dye
over it and you use our color stay so
that you retain all of the color and
then you remove the stencil and you get
the great edges that you see here that's
how you're getting the detail exactly
yeah exactly
no it's also nice to know that when
we're working with Rit dye it's
non-toxic earth and family friendly
especially when you're doing baby as
we're not sure what to wear in the mouth
it's absolutely safe and we feel real
good about that I had fun playing with
my t-shirt I was trying to get Anna
marble kind of porcelain look yeah and
so I took an Allen blue with our drip
cap and I wet my t-shirt laid it down
and
literally just drizzled and now we'll
glue wherever I felt like yep then I
spread it with color state I fix it let
it set for 20 minutes and voila
and that's perfect now how did you get
those great details you know I took
Elmer's blue gel school glue and added a
little bit of detail before I didn't get
it dry and use it as a resist so great
and that was how I got the pops of white
so it's been a lot of fun climbing with
color perfect we hope you have fun
playing with red dye color perfect and
happy done
you