all right so today my window stop
working power windows on you can hear it
moving a little bit but nothing so I'm
gonna have to fix my power windows
okay first things first we're gonna get
the door panel off so go take that screw
out let screw up and screw there screw
there and screw there everything around
here are just plastic bill fillers that
snap on so you just pull them out
okay now that I got all the door screws
out the door panel and then just pop on
you got a watch for here we got a lift
up and then away from the handle so I
got now there's the later you have to
disconnect and then you can turn it
sideways so you can get out the door
okay after inspecting the door looks
like the twine that brings the door up
and down has came off so uh if you can
see right in there it looks like it kind
of yeah right there damn all the focus
it looks like there's a little bit of a
line there so if something happened and
spline came out okay after taking it
apart it seems to be the the wire cable
that pulls the window up and down
snapped usually under my experiences
it's always been the washers inside the
motor which is a Torx bit and then you
take it out and then there's three
plastic nylon washers or nylon washers I
don't think the plastic yeah that has to
come completely out because the cable
goes into there and you can't manage to
pop it out
no damaging the cable so luckily I have
a extra door that I can steal from okay
here's the door the extra door that I
have it's got the piece right here so
it's two bolts right here one there one
there and these were pop rivets so this
was done once already the one on my car
with pop rivets I had to drill them out
and then put bolts so damn auto-focus
but yeah so I gotta undo these two bolts
and then I gotta hunt under these two
bolts and then fish the arm out
okay so there's the one that I just
pulled out
as you can see cable goes around like
that
I'm sure you could just replace the
cable but I don't know where to get that
out so I'm just gonna steal the one from
another car yeah so there's the part
there's the old one then they're just
gonna get her back in the only thing was
that there's a couple spots that you
have to drill pop rivets out at the
bottom and then at the window
we're window flash goes yeah I'd pulled
out the one on the passenger side on
accident so now I got the driver side
one the right one time to put it in okay
it's in place so he's gonna put the two
screws here put two bolts at the bottom
here slide the glass back in and then
reattach it there with two bolts and
then reinstall the window motor
yeah I gotta go back together in time to
see if it works
[Music]
all right so now that I got it working
again
I just button it back up and then test
it again okay so now it's all about and
got a cupping on
nice
and that's how you fix
the arm on your window your table ever
breaks
now you know how to fix them
you