hi my name is Christian with pace
appliance out of 3/2 Ohio welcome back
to another in-home diagnostic video
brought to you by appliance video calm
so today we're working on a top-load
Maytag washing machine the customer's
complaint is that it stops mid-cycle
already by diagnose it as it needs a new
control board
I've tested several components last time
it came back to the main control board
had the air in it so we're replacing the
main control board today what you
wouldn't you for this repair is it a
quarter-inch nut driver first thing we
want to do is there are a few
quarter-inch screws that hold on a panel
on the back here I'm gonna go in I'll
move them there's three that hold on the
panel and there's two that hold the top
from sliding so altogether you're gonna
remove five screws right up on the back
okay so once you remove the five screws
you want to go ahead and open the little
little bit put your get a grasp of the
front here at the front the whole front
panel here pull them toward you lift up
push back and it will unlatch there next
thing we want to do you can use a
flathead blade screwdriver or a putty
knife
there's mushroom plants here that hold
the front console placed you want to go
ahead and push those in so the top
console will come off once you've done
so of course you want to start off by
unplugging the unit here some once
you've done that this whole panel will
lift right toward you alright so this is
the board that we're gonna be replacing
first thing we want to do is take up all
these connections they are keyed they
only fit one way so it doesn't matter
when you take them off from be careful
though when you take them off you can
bend wires break them you don't want to
do that so go ahead and throw taking off
the connections they can be a little
difficult to do
once you have all the connections off
don't forget the pressure tube goes off
once you're all off there are a two
quarter inch screws that hold the actual
control board to the console here go
ahead and remove both of them you can
pull the knob straight off there's
nothing that holds the knob or the panel
the control board on the panel on the
front you can just go and remove the
knob pull it straight off its keeds go
on one way only see them that lift the
control board up tilts at an angle pull
out it's that easy now to reinstall the
new panel if you want to go ahead and
make sure everything lines up here's the
LEDs they line up to the little holders
here and then here's the button the push
button so of course make sure it's
slotted in push down and make a wiggle
it's now wind too much
once you have please go ahead and ring
install the two quarter inch screws that
hold it in place plastic so don't don't
turn too hard or over-tighten you can
break the little clips that mount the
control board onto the panel
so what's the new Control board's
mounted in place we can go ahead and
start reinserting the wire connectors
like I said they're key to go only one
way so there's no way you can get them
confused
once all the wires are in the correct
positions you want to go ahead and
reinstall it tabs going first okay once
the tabs run you can go ahead and push
down on the mushroom clips on the front
snap in place so once you have the front
on there you want to go ahead and
reinstall the top lid assembly here
panel what's going to pull all the way
towards you push down and slide back
you're all set the knob this kid's
goalie this key to go on only one way go
ahead and line it up correctly go ahead
and push down it's that easy next thing
is the five screws that hold the top
from moving and the control panel cover
on once everything is reinstalled we'll
go ahead and plug it in the new control
board will come with an instruction
sheet on how to put it through
diagnostics so you can recalibrate the
machine something that has to be done
when you replace the main control board
on this specific model and so we're
going to put in Diagnostics right now
once you've entered Diagnostics every
LED except the lid lock will flash to
let you know you've successfully entered
Diagnostics once you've done so to
recalibrate the unit you want the rinse
led to be illuminated only once so go
ahead and push the start button the
recalibration takes between three and
five minutes so we have successfully
replaced the main control board for the
unit recalibrated and the leak test
everything checks out fine so that's how
you successfully replace the main
control board on this Maytag Centennial
front or a top load washer thank you for
watching another quality video brought
to you by appliance video comm