hi my name is kaylee i'm going to show
you a makeup tutorial today based on a
teenager everyday look so the first
thing i want to show you guys today is
my smashbox full exposure set what it is
is it's just a bunch of eyeshadows that
i will be using to date on myself my
eyebrow kit another piece of eye shadow
some mascara and primer some concealer
and then lip gloss and lip balm brushes
and the 24 I shadow primer so first
thing you want to do is you want to grab
the primer and you want to put it all
over your hand on your finger just
enough so it covers the eyelid so I only
put that much on and I'm just going to
wipe it all over the I just to keep the
eyeshadows stays on good next thing I'm
going to do is when I got my full
Smashbox expose your set I'm going to
grab the brush out of it and I'm going
to use the little side what I'm going to
do is I'm going to grab the second
lightest from the white which would be
this color right here and I'm just going
to wipe it all over my lid
the next thing I'm going to do is I'm
going to grab the white I'm going to put
it right in the crease the next color i
will use is this brown right here and
i'm going to put that right over top of
my eye the next thing I will do is grab
that same brown and then I'm going to
grab this dark brown over here and I'm
going to put it right down I need to do
this just like that I'm just gonna blend
those in really nice together so the
next thing I'm going to group is I'm
going to grab my kit brush I'm going to
grab this eyeshadow it's just this more
sparkly 1 i'm going to put it inside my
eyes i'm going to swipe around the lid
just like that so i did my eyeliner on
that I and I'm just gonna do it on my
right eye but it isn't the girl
just like that so my eyeliner is done so
now I'm just going to put some of my
mascara primer on my eyes just like that
and then I'm going to take my mascara
I'm just going to put it right on to the
eyelashes just like the perfect just
like that no making fun of my face for
the mascara but I thing I want to do is
gonna grab my concealer I'm just gonna
put a little bit on my fourth finger and
there's gonna cover some of my zits just
like this so far and I'm not gonna
really rub them in yet and then I'm just
gonna kind of wipe them just so they
don't look as like city I usually do not
use concealer because it does wreck your
skin if i do not have primer which I ran
out of so just like that next thing I'm
going to do is I'm going to grab my
eyebrow kit I'm going to just sweetly
fill them in I'm not doing anything else
but filling my eyebrows and some going
on my natural course of my eyebrow I'm
just going to fill them in just like
this
just like that oops perfect the next
thing I'm going to do is I'm going to
grab my baby lips lip ball and it's
going to wipe it all over my lips and
then I'm going to grab my lip gloss and
put it right over top and I'm finished
thanks for watching and please do not
forget to wipe off your makeup after
because it may cause wrinkles and it
definitely will cause acne thanks guys