[Music]
premier equestrian has developed a new
line of groomers to be used with textile
arena surfaces with decades of
experience including design and
maintenance premier designed its new
groomers to be flexible effective and
durable the mini Pro comes in two sizes
either five or six feet wide it has a
single point toe behind hitch the
programmer comes in six seven and eight
foot wide model and has a three point we
added a swivel so the groomer tracks
behind the tow vehicle both models the
pro and mini Pro feature s teens and
coil toggles the front and back roller
and a smoothing bar the two rollers
assure a consistent time down in
grooming all of the tines are adjustable
either up and down or back and forth
this makes for incredible brooding
flexibility the smoothing bar can also
be raised and lowered and can be tilted
justed with various results lift and mix
the surface by setting the tines forward
and down rotate the tines back to fourth
or level
raise all of the times to compact the
surface with the rollers grooming and
maintenance are necessary to achieve
high quality arena footing there is more
information about premier groomers and
premier equestrian comm / groomers and
at our YouTube channels call us at