[Music]
my name is Ariel I'm a musician and a
fashion designer I'm going to be showing
you how to make projects that you can
use every
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
day I love Roman Shades because they're
so versatile you can use almost any
Fabric and you can make them to fit any
size window in your home you'll need a
pair of scissors a yard stick or
measuring tape a fabric marker a sewing
machine thread pins
an iron ribbon and enough upholstery
fabric to cover the entire window with
some extra fabric on all sides first I'm
going to cut the fabric I've measured my
window and it's 32 in by 63 in I'm going
to add 4 in to the sides for the ham
allowance and then a foot for the top
and bottom for the Hem allowance as well
as the curtain rod Loop I've got my
fabric all cut and the pretty side is
facing down and now it's time for me to
start creating my double turn hem this
is going to create a really beautiful
finish hem and make sure that my edges
don't Fray I'm going to get out my yard
stick or a measuring tape and just fold
over the fabric on the long side here 2
in just like that I'm going to begin
ironing this crease so it's nice and
sharp going to open it up and just fold
it in half now I have two 1in folds here
and just like before I'm going to use my
iron and get this crease nice and sharp
and I'll repeat this on the other side
and then it's time for me to
sew this is going to be a really nice
easy easy straight line nothing
complicated and now I'm going to stitch
forward about a half an inch Stitch back
and then keep going which is called a
back stitch and it's going to secure my
Fabric and I can actually line up the
edge of my presser foot with the edge of
this folded hem
here all right now I've almost reach the
end of my fabric so I'm just going to
want to make sure to back stitch here
and really secure everything in place
see what a nice finished Edge this
is now I'll just flip it over and sew up
the other
side
now it's time for me to do the bottom of
my shade and I want the bottom to have a
little extra weight to it so my curtain
hangs nice and straight so I'm going to
repeat the steps I did on the long sides
but I'm going to increase the
measurements so I want to fold this up
from the bottom 8 in and then I'll take
my iron and crease it down just fold it
in half like I did previously and now I
have two 4in
folds now it's time to flip it over and
do the top and I need to create a hollow
pocket so I can insert my curtain rod so
I don't need to do it quite as wide as
the bottom though I'm going to actually
fold it in 4 in then fold it in half and
do 2 in press this all down just like
before now it's time to sew my top and
bottom hands and I'll just use the same
technique I did on the sides one
straight line all the way down back
stitching at the beginning and end of my
Stitch and using my presser foot as the
guide and that's it now it's time for me
to add my ribbon tie guys I've got this
beautiful decorative ribbon that matches
my Fabric and this is what's going to
really create that beautiful Roman shade
finish that I'm looking for I want it to
be about twice as long as my panel I
need one half of my ribbon to be in the
front and the other half to be in the
back and I want two of these you want it
about 25% of the way in so right about
here for me I'm going to put the other
one right about here so I'm just going
to slide it over this top part of the
panel where the curtain rod goes and pin
it into place and I'm going to repeat
this with the other ribbon on the other
side and now I'm just going to sew along
this seam you can use your sewing
machine for this but it's really just as
fast to hand
sew and just like that it's ready to
hang
up roman shades are such a great
addition to any window you can leave the
ants hanging or tuck them in make these
beautiful little bows and you'll dress
up any
room