hi everybody I'm Kimberly Edwards with
cookingwith kimberly. comom and tonight
I'm going to show you how to make one of
the most popular recipes on my website I
don't understand it because I don't
really like eating it but other people
are crazy about it and and that's what's
going on so what I'm making you tonight
is down south smothered liver and onions
and hm I I maybe I don't like it because
when I was young my parents used to tell
me that liver when my mom used to serve
liver she would tell me it was beaver
tail and they thought it was like a big
joke and it totally like freaked me out
completely freaked me out and I never
never really wanted to eat it now I know
it's not but still it's it's the smell
it's the whole idea of it just not cool
don't tell your kids that it's beaver
tail you'll scare them they won't want
to eat
it anyways so here we are this is a
different way than my mom used to
prepare it um this is a southern way and
I quite like it a lot better I try
little bits and pieces of it just to
make sure that it tastes right and it's
okay it's just I can't get over it in my
brain so it's just me all right so what
we have right now is um my recipe on the
site says four liver steaks but I'm
doing half half a batch because I'm only
cooking it for my mom so I have a batch
for two stakes going on this is calf's
liver it's the only kind she'll eat they
have all kinds of livers they have
chicken livers and turkey livers and
pork livers and beef livers and whatever
whatever anyway this is beef liver from
a calf okay so that's the only kind she
really really likes and now I need to
wipe my hands okay so in this plate next
to it I have a about 3/4 of a cup of
flour okay double the recipe up if
you're doing four steaks so I'm just
going to season the flour a little bit
with some pepper mostly what I'm going
to season are these steaks okay I want
them to taste very flavorful I'm not
going to put any salt on them right now
because um the rest of my seasonings on
the outside side are going to do that
but uh I don't want to leech any excess
liquid from the LI liver that's going to
if I use salt that's what will happen so
I'm just going to sprinkle with some
pepper okay little bit of garlic
powder onion powder if you like it or
have it you can do that too I'm doing a
little bit of cayenne pepper just a
little tiny tiny should to say qua kick
and a little bit of paprika
okay
beautiful and then I'm going to flip
them over and I'm going to do the exact
same thing on the other side I'd rather
season right on the steak instead of all
through the flour cuz most of the flour
ends up getting thrown out anyway and it
doesn't get used so half of your
seasonings are in there and for no for
no reason right let's crack some pepper
on here okay these liver steaks also
they have been washed under cold cold
water and patted dry very gently liver
is very um fres it seems very delicate
very
fragile so you have to be very careful
when you're when you're handling it
because it'll just poke holes in and
it'll fall apart and then you'll have
little tiny pieces of liver okay so
here's my dredging flour and here's just
a plain old plate to put my my liver
Stakes on here we
go beautiful make sure it's completely
coated okay you probably don't even need
this much flour but you're going to use
a little bit of this flour later for the
rest of the recipe so reserve it to the
side okay so I just make sure it's nice
and coated on all sides and then I do a
little shake off okay to make sure you
don't have all kinds of extra stuff that
you don't need and in goes the other
steak all right do the best you can to
coat it all up
nicely flip it over coat it up nicely
now on my stove on medium low heat I've
had a large Frying Pan um getting
preheated
and it has about 2 tablespoons of olive
oil in it now you can use canola oil use
what you have at home canola oil you can
use safflower oil sunflower oil canola
oil whatever I just have olive oil and
that's what I'm using tonight and there
goes my other steak see how gentle you
have to be with them okay so this is
going to go over here my
flour and this goes in the sink hold on
I'm wash my hands now I don't know if
you guys have ever had liver I think
liver is kind of I don't know it seems
to be a recipe of the past not a lot of
people are like ooh liver these days but
um I think liver is going to make a
comeback um liver is very high in iron
and uh very helpful for a lot of
different things in your health to get
protein and whatever okay so I'm going
to take you over to my stove top I
believe yeah I'm going to take you there
now here goes my liver
and here you come with
me hope you guys are well today all
right here are two frying pans one
frying pan has half olive oil and half
butter that's going to fry up my onions
and this large frying pan this is for my
liver so let me move you close there we
go there can see me a little better okay
in go into my pan is going to go liver
now I have I have olive oil in here it's
dancing around it's ready to go and I'm
just going to test the temperature I
have a little bit of water if you flick
it in there and it sizzles you're ready
to go okay in goes your liver staks it
doesn't take long to cook liver at all
you want a nice golden brown crust from
your um
flour on both sides and then you're
going to take the liver out of the pan
and you're going to reserve it to the
side
okay while that is going I'm going to
cover it up with one of these handy
dandy
things this is a screen that goes on top
of your frying pans that keep you from
getting splattered with the grease it's
awesome you need to buy one I don't know
where where you buy them but there you
go maybe I'll find a link for you guys
on the bottom of the site okay so that's
going to take a couple of minutes and I
have have that on medium low heat okay
actually it's kind of medium right now
and into my other pan I have usually I
would just slice onions I like when I
make the liver and onions I like the
slices the long skinny pieces but I
already diced a whole big onion for
something else the other day and I'm
going to use the diced onions and that's
okay because we're smothering it and
it's just going to go into the gravy Etc
and it'll be okay sorry I keep adjusting
this so into my nice warm pan again this
is on medium Heat and and half of it
butter half of it is is um olive
oil so we're going to sizzle these
onions up this might take a little while
guys
sorry you're witnessing dinner okay so
stir these around I'm going to season my
onions my onions need to be seasoned
with salt and pepper at least okay so
here's some salt yes I like to grind my
salt it makes it nice and fresh just
like you do your pepper okay in goes the
pepper
there's nothing like saut√©ing onions
with butter now you can use olive oil
you can use whatever other kind of oil
you want but add a little bit of butter
just for that nice flavor you'll be
happy you did okay if you can hear my
liver going that's great Sizzle now it
should only take probably three minutes
aside is I would say I'm
guesstimating and I'm going to let these
go low and slow these onions go low and
slow because you want them nice and
caramelized that means you don't want
them white you don't want them yellowy
you don't want them burnt you want them
golden brown and caramelly beautiful
okay so they take a little while and you
want to do those on low lowish heat if
you go too fast with onions they'll
surely
burn okay that's definitely not what you
want again I'm using about half of the
ingredients as the full recipe I have on
the website
okay let me just check this
beautiful now these are fast fry it'll
I'll probably say that on the package
that you buy for your liver let me grab
my tea so it'll probably say that on the
package that you buy it's fast fry again
it takes like literally under 5 minutes
probably to cook it but I'm doing the
rest of this stuff to make it smothered
and gravy and the whole n so that's why
this recipe is taking a little bit
longer so we're still going with our
onions onions
onions okay I'm going to flip this over
at this
point they look nice see how that looks
it's nice and golden brown and you just
flip it over on the side same
thing okay so I don't know what else to
tell you guys for a minute why don't I
let you
guys sit tight I'm going to skip you
forward a little bit with my recipe and
you'll see time lapsed in a hot second
how about that the onions should be nice
and done and caramelly and beautiful and
the liver will be setting
aside and then I'll catch you up from
there okay my onions they are on their
way to being they're probably
translucent I would say they're on their
way there hold on let me move
this that's
a
awesome okay so these guys are
translucent and they have to keep so I
would say they're probably halfway
through their cooking
okay and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to add probably about
[Music]
a maybe an eighth of a cup not
even tablespoon a big tablespoon of the
flour the dredging flour and I'm mixing
it in with my onions this is going to
help Brown them slightly just like how
you do with your liver okay you dredge
it so here you go these are coming right
out they're beautifully browned and
ready to
go all
right I'm going to tell you leave this
pan leave it going so I'm stirring in
this
flour making sure it's all worked
through these
onions and I'm going to let these onions
keep going again still on some somewhat
of a low temperature and I want them to
Brown slowly slowly
beautifully all right so that's going
now my liver is going to sit here on the
side for 2 seconds okay out of my way I
am going to make a r and what a rue is
is it's a thickener it's a sauce
thickener and the whole point of my Rue
today is because I'm going to be making
a um a gravy with this like I'm
smothering it right so I'm going to put
this is pro I still have fat in here
okay I have oil in here that looks like
a whole lot I'm going to pour a little
bit out I don't need that
much
sit tight hold
on
okay all right I have probably a
tablespoon and a half of oil okay I'm
also going to add a slight little bit of
butter to that just cuz I like the
flavor it's better with butter okay fix
that light is probably blinding you okay
so I still have this dredging flour
awesome we're not wasting too much stuff
and mix that butter in okay I'm going to
put equal amount of flour into this Ro
okay into the
oil okay and I'm going to mix it all up
this is what thickens your sauces this
is what thickens your gravy and this is
going to be my gravy base so the trick
of doing a root is doing them pretty
slow so I have it on low heat you're
mixing equal parts your oil or your fat
and flour okay and what happens is you
want to mix it thoroughly so that you
have no lumps and you're just going to
move it around the pan and darken it to
your desired color okay so a blonde R
when you make Rus they they range in a
variety from like a blonde to a dark
chocolate so a blonde means it's less
cooked and the dark chocolate means that
Rue has been going and going and going
so this is not going to be a blonde R
this is going to be like a peanut butter
colored R okay so somewhere in the
middle we're going a little bit further
now cooking it like this with the fat
gets that flowy nasty taste out of the
flour okay
and it's
uh This Way doing it this way low and
slow you have to babysit it okay you
have to watch it the whole time allow it
to thicken I think I'm going to add a
little bit more flour but you don't want
to get lumps lumps in a roo are like the
biggest Taboo it's not cool you're
better off going lower and slower making
sure that you have no lumps now
gradually to this once you've achieved
the desired color which was in this case
is a peanut butter color okay once I
achieve that desired color I'm going to
start adding liquid to thicken it okay
so think of this as a base oh these are
Browning up nicely now I'm checking on
my onions see how you have that little
bit of brown inside there now I don't
you can see you guess you can't okay so
I'm still on low and I'm going to allow
these to keep on going cuz they're
looking
beautiful
okay so my R is looking good a little
bit
further I have some chicken stock
sitting here on the side now if you
don't have chicken stock you can use
beef stock you don't have beef stock
don't stress you can use water um or you
can use tea I usually have a pot of tea
going all day long if you need extra
liquid you can use that even if it's
lukewarm okay so this is going going
going cook that flour taste out it's a
nice color I'm going to show you the
color here that's about the color we're
looking for about a peanut butter
color tiny bit longer sorry to talk
about this R so long guys but the Rue is
a very important part this is what makes
the smothering so
delicious
okay don't walk away from your R you'll
be surely mad you're going to burn the
bottom of it or you're going to get all
kinds of crazy lumps that you don't
want okay I also got all those little
tiny bits off the bottom of the frying
pan that were so beautiful and crispy
when I fried up my liver okay so if yeah
you can also use water you can use tea
okay so slowly but surely I have my R
ready I'm going to add a tiny tiny bit
of liquid maybe a tablespoon and a half
what you do is you work that into the r
you mix it all throughout it
thickening up that paste okay you want
to make sure it's evenly distributed the
whole way okay before you add any more
liquid this keeps you from getting all
kinds of crazy yucky lumps that you do
not want okay so that looks beautiful
this what happened after my first batch
of liquid now it's a little bit thicker
okay but it's all even there's no lumps
so in some
more now as you keep adding you can add
gradually a tiny bit more and a tiny bit
more so this time I probably added 2 and
1/2 tablespoons of liquid and I'm
working it in making sure it gets all
soaked up before I add any more
again now you're just going to keep
going I'm guesstimating it's going to be
about I don't know a cup and a halfish
but again you don't know exactly how
much flour you use that day and
atmospheric conditions change see how
that's thickened up now that's the next
step
okay still no lump
and in we go maybe 3 and 1/2 4
tablespoons and I'm going to work that
in too okay let it heat back
through now Rus are the bases of all
kinds of stuff stews um
gumbos uh like things like alfredo sauce
cheese sauce bashal
sauces um and gravies as well
okay I make a lot I use a lot of ruse um
as I live down south in Texas and
Louisiana they use ruse for a lot of
different things
okay now that's got a little bit more
now it's starting to look somewhat like
a gravy yes yes beautiful and we're just
going to keep going until you get about
the desire just maybe a little bit
runnier than what you would want your
gravy to look like on your meal Okay
because I'm going to put everything in
here in a hot second so you're going to
have your liver back in here you're
going to have your new onions that are
all like beautifully caramelized and
whatnot thrown in there in a sec too and
you're going to let it go and let
everything heat through that gravy
that's what makes it all smothered and
awesome okay so I'm working that in
still no lumps and that's a beautiful
thing we're going to taste test
shortly and we have some other
ingredients to add to this gravy just to
make it that extra little bit awesome
more awesome okay and if you see that
you put everything in here and then
you're smothering everything and you're
letting it just go and bubble and boil
and be beautiful and you see that you're
losing a whole lot of water or your
gravy is like way too thick add some
more again some liquid add some tea some
water some stock red wine whatever you
got going on so that you can thin that
out again okay in goes the rest of that
and that looks pretty good actually so
it was a good estimate it was about 1
and 1/2 cup one and 3/4 cups of liquid
and that's looking pretty good now with
a rue here's another trick with a
rue when you're you are cooking it out
and you've added all your liquid and
it's going to come you want to bring it
to a boil um you want to activate that
flour now once it hits that simmer that
nice boil in the PT in the pan that's
the maximum thickening power you're
going to get out of that amount of flour
that you put in if it's not thick enough
you might want to do another uh and you
have to do another little tiny frying
pan make some more Rue and add it as you
go got me and that way you can thicken
it up a little more because right now
you wouldn't be able to just dump a
whole bunch more flour in it's not going
to cook out and it's going to be lumpy
and disgusting
okay so that looks beautiful I'm just
going to do a quick taste test of course
I don't have
a before I add some other little things
okay
that's
delicious wow delicious okay my onions
are still going don't forget about them
they're sitting next to your other pan
give them a nice little swirl make sure
they're not burning and they're just
Browning okay let those go even longer
they look awesome too okay so now
my my gravy this is now a gravy has
boiled and it's coming to its full
thickening power okay
that looks beautiful I'm going to speed
these onions up a tiny
bit okay into this is going to be I know
it might sound funny but trust me one
teaspoon of honey I'm eyeballing it stir
that through mix it through
beautifully and about a tablespoon of
red wine now I want the alcohol to kind
of dissipate and it won't take long
mix that in doesn't take a lot just a
tiny smidgen alcohol carries flavor when
you are cooking with it okay so whether
you're adding beer or wine or vodka or
whatever it really intensifies flavor if
you don't want to drink the alcohol then
just allow it to heat
up and all the alcohol will dissipate
out leaving you with the flavor of the
of the liquor that you've used okay so
this still looks beautiful wow my onions
are speeding up which is
awesome
okay one more taste test in this gravy I
think I'm going to add a little bit more
pepper I don't need any more salt
because my chicken stock had salt in it
already and I don't want to overs salt
this puppies that's enough you can hear
my dogs in the back running
around okay here's cayenne
pepper okay
and a tiny bit more paprika just for
good measure and
color onions come on onions hurry up
Darlings okay that's being all stirred
through then you want to do a final
taste test okay before you add your meat
back oh yeah that's exactly what I
want
beautiful okay stirring my onions one
more time and I'm going to put my steaks
in and then the onions are going to be
following
here okay back come my liver steaks that
have already been browned into the gravy
on low heat
okay let those get get ooey gooey
good now flip them over in here make
sure they're completely coated nicely
okay oh
yeah that's how you do smothered stuff
guys okay my onions are looking good now
when you take them from this pan and put
them into this frying pan they are not
going to Brown anymore so make sure that
they're as brown as you want them to be
before you add them to this pan make
sure they're cooked make sure they're
nice and sweet or whatever you're
looking for okay Sometimes some people
just like L onions that are more close
to Raw like they are just translucent or
something like that but I like that
caramelized flavor that little bit of
sweetness that little bit of kick such
an extra nice little profile to the
flavor okay these are looking lovely I'm
going show you the pan before I put them
in you can let them go even longer but
they're all good there they're nice and
browned up okay
now in they go to my frying pan mix them
thoroughly make sure those liver steaks
are sitting nicely and having a nice
bath with everything
here stir these all in you want that
gravy to take on that onion flavor and
this is liver and onion smothered
baby now you can serve this with rice or
potatoes or whatever it is you want but
I'll guarantee you this my mom's
probably just going to eat it like this
by itself just liver and onions with no
side dish this is one of her favorite
things she in fact maybe that's why I
don't like it she said that when she was
pregnant with me she ate all she wanted
was livering onions she just craved it
right Mom yes yeah she said she craved
it like crazy when she was every her
lunch hour she have going have Li onions
every lunch hour when she was at work
still my friend was she had it too she
said her friend was pregnant at the same
time they worked at the same place and
they both craved this liver and onions
now my gravy this is exactly what I was
telling you earlier my gravy is looking
a little thick little too much going on
here so I'm going to add tiny bit of tea
I just have it sitting here it's better
than water it has a little more flavor
right all right so just stir that
in th out that gravy because you're
going to let this just heat through
that's it you just want the flavors to
to marinate now to to marry I'm sorry so
you can cover this up 5 minutes 10
minutes whatever you feel like on very
low heat you don't want that liver to be
like cooked to all heck okay so I'm
going to cover this up what am I going
to covered with I'm not covering it
right now cuz that's it I'm not going to
show you the final on a plate I'll show
you a picture in the blog post okay so
that's pretty much it I'm going to show
you one more time in the pen this is
what you're looking at here let me line
you up there you go go that's how to
make liver and onions guys smothered
liver and onions now again I like using
the big stringy onions I don't like
doing them with a little dice but this
just happened to be what I had today and
that's what we're doing so go on to the
website this is my 100th video on
YouTube by the way y this is my 100th
cooking show okay so I wanted to cover
something that was you know something
that's popular on the website it the
liver and onions wcip is one of the very
first recipes I put on the website way
back in 2006 now and uh it's still going
strong every day people are still
looking up that recipe like crazy so
that's great guys eat your liver and
onions so I hope you go on and check me
out on Twitter at cooking with Kim e
with a capital E go on and follow me uh
go to the Facebook fan page it's
facebook.com/ cookingwithkimberly check
out the uh show on YouTube
youtube.com/ cooking with Kimberly and
the website is cookingwith kimberly.
comom I hope you guys eat deliciously
and I'll show you a picture of this
delicious liver dish when we're done and
uh that's it ciao guys
bye