[Music]
Cape
cast so Mac the lobster dinner is
probably the trophy dinner of a Cape Cod
vacation but it can be intimidating
that's a a red bug on your plate if you
don't know what you're getting into
there's uh there could be trouble there
could be trouble there is a psychology
to it there is an approach and um you
know you have to be ready to to go back
to that sort of Primal Instinct take
that thing and just rip right into it
and don't be afraid but essentially the
first step is to take the claws and the
tails off of the main part of the body
the major splatter tends to occur when
they're taking the body and the tail and
they're trying to rip it apart because
you've got the tamale which you know
about tamale it can just go flying it's
not for the timid but it it can be
broken down into a simple process uh you
know step by step and the reward of
course is what the sucking meat you know
you just can't beat it first thing I
like to do is I like to take my claws
off and when I take my claws off I don't
like to break it up here I like to break
it right out of the body because there's
there's meat there's meat in every
little nook and cranny of this uh lovely
lady all right so here we go this is a
big move this is where most of the
lobster tamale flying will occur people
tend to just take it and bend and you
can see if if you bend too fast it's
going to snap you ready for it no no all
right I'm going to go slow I'm going to
go slow right you know let's do it right
all right
so see how look at that see how it just
breaks apart this is this is a very
important very important critical step
take the palm of your hand take the the
wrap it around and you're going to
listen for this
crunch oh we had a little juice fly in
there all right that crunch just broke
cracked the shell and separated the meat
now I'm going to flip it over
and if you can see how I'm sort of
holding it like
this now I'm going to I'm going to rip
I'm going to rip it right
apart okay you hear
it so let me do that
again look at that okay now what we've
done we separated the meat from the
shell I'm going to reach in with my
fingers and now I'm just going to gently
pull it out and voila don't throw your
tail away yet because
and the little flippers here is meat and
you can you know this is actually where
where I like to start on my Lobster you
know you ask where where where the best
meat is this is some of the best meat
right there my next step is to take uh
the shells uh the claws apart and what I
do you can see how it this is how it was
on the lobster um I flip it over and
I reverse break it and you'll you'll
feel when you have a lobster you'll know
it goes one way or the other it won't
break that way but it it really snaps
easily that way and then I I do the same
thing with the claw uh and I'll tell you
these lobsters that we get they're
they're local lobsters from provin down
to Wellfleet on the backshore these are
some of the hardest lobsters that you're
going to find they're packed full of
meat which is beautiful so this shell
this shell is actually a little bit
intimidating and what normally you'd
have at a table is this but since this
is this is not going to cut it what we
do on a lobster like this is we'll
actually crack this for the customer
before we serve it the way we do that is
there's a a point if you hit it just
right and then you bend the knife you
can actually serve it so it's still
intact oh wow and when it gets to the
table they'll pick it up and they'll go
oh all I got to do is just you know
break break it off like that and it it
basically comes right out and this this
right
here that's my favorite part but right
here look at that meat are are is your
mouth not watering it is watering man I
don't know I feel like some cave dude
who's got to get some of that you do you
you just you just got to eat a piece
yeah I mean that doesn't even have any
butter on it no you don't need butter
isn't that just
fantastic oh it's just it's
Indescribable it's Rich it's salty but
it's sweet it's creamy but it's soft
when Lobster's good it's great yeah
right this meat right here from they
call it the knuckle meat this is some of
the best meat and again you need to find
the way that you it bends backwards on
itself and I like to I like to break
that apart and basically then I take the
small the small end like you can just
get your your pinky in there usually and
you'll feel you can if you push it sort
of from all sides it'll come out in one
piece see just sort of Falls right out
and that's that's great meat right there
too that's great meat right there I'm
just I think I'm going to have to eat
that piece so we've gotten we've gotten
the bulk of the meat out Claws and the
tail the knuckle meat you know that
those are the sort of the easier things
to get at now we're going to start
breaking down the rest of the body first
thing to do grab the grab the uh the
body on the bottom and the and the top
and just gently lift and it'll peel
it'll peel right off see that sort of
peels right upart now all of that right
there is edible it looks kind of funky
man looks kind of funky but you know we
did our tamale uh exploration and and
people some people love tamale
absolutely love it um I think it's a
it's a little Rich for my taste but um
you know like I said to each his own the
lobster has a center line going down it
and we're going to take our fingers on
either side and we're just going to
split it right in half okay and what
we've done is we've really made it easy
to get at those little morsels so so now
what I have is I have half of the body
and you know this is this is Magic right
here Eric watch this watch this this is
all meat all of
this is
succulent morsels of meat and you know
there's meat all the way down into the
bottom you know you can actually suck
the legs right like a lot of people
they'll they really getting down too
right they'll go like this
they'll take that that first section off
and you just break it off and start put
your teeth at the bottom
yeah it looks sort of disorganized but
hopefully if you followed it step by
step you can really understand that it's
a process of breaking it down from
larger parts to smaller parts and and in
between um you know don't forget to eat
it Cape
[Music]
cast