guys right since this morning and I've
planed today I'm now layin pavements
dead simple you just because it's so
perfectly flat with the cement well mix
of cement and concrete cause you do
you've got a level ground to go off
that's solid source you've got to do is
basically seal the pavers to it you can
get a universal join paving sealant you
don't really need cement in fact I'd say
it's better because it makes them
perfectly level and then just lay one
one by one when this is finished with a
light in the corner it will look
absolutely fantastic there you go oh the
tools are used and I've got a drill we
have a drill bit on for making holes for
electrics and stuff that's a sand and
tool just Suns the edges if there's any
sharp bits or anything at the bottom and
then the sealant it's a universal all
weatherproof grout you just put it down
put your pavers on job done dead easy