hi hiken Jim here and welcome to another
episode of Adventures and
stoving uh what you're seeing here this
is an alcohol
stove this is the isoc clean stove from
Flat cat gear and this is a very
interesting stove because uh as the name
might suggest it'll burn isopropanol in
other words rubbing alcohol it this
Burns isopropyl alcohol which is
normally a yellow Smoky mess uh it burns
it cleanly I don't know if you can see
it clearly or not in this uh video but
that's a blue flame I'm getting there's
no uh none of the yellow Sy flame that
you normally get with uh isopropyl
alcohol so I'm actually pretty excited
by this
uh this is what I'm burning right now is
isopropyl alcohol 91% I just went down
to CVS Pharmacy a minute ago and picked
up a bottle there we
go that's my fuel
tonight
and I'm burning it in the isoclean stove
here now I've got the wind screen open
so we may get a little flare up if we
get a gust of wind but it's pretty
steady anyway that's a real nice blue
flame underneath my
pot so I think this is pretty
interesting uh for variety of reasons
one is if you're a traveler let's
say and uh you you know have to get on a
plane you can't carry uh fuel on a plane
so what you can do though is carry this
stove and the first uh this will not
only burn isopropyl alcohol it'll also
burn methyl or ethyl alcohol so if you
come after you get off your plane
whatever you come to first if you come
to a a gas station you could probably
get methyl alcohol that's sold as
gasoline antifreeze a heat brand
typically and then uh if you get uh to a
hardware store you can get denatured
alcohol which is typically a blend of
ethyl and methyl alcohol at least to the
United States or if you come across a
pharmacy you can burn isopropyl I.E
rubbing alcohol and I'm burning like I
say 91% isopropyl alcohol here I'm
getting a nice steady blue flame zoom in
a little bit here and uh it's working
really
well