hello everyone thanks for coming to my
channel and today I'm going to show you
how to propagate a snake plant and the
plant is also sometimes called the
mother-in-law's tongue it's a very
nice-looking plant it's it's very
low-maintenance easy to keep around the
house and it looks it looks really nice
in the living room or next to TV or even
in your bedroom you just give it enough
light and it will grow quiet very little
water little maintenance so today we're
going to grow this from a cutting and
before I do any how-to video I test the
method out and they work and so when
they work I'm going to show you guys how
I did mine so the this is the the clone
that I've done and initially it's one
leaf and I cut this into three parts
just one two and three and these are the
new growth so the this may take a little
longer than you know cloning vegetables
like basil so it it it requires some
patience and so this is my clone here
and let me show you what the original
plane looks like here it is right here a
huge plant so this is the the leaf that
I took the cutting off and to make that
so this is a very tall plant with many
many leaves on it so the items you will
need in order to to clone or propagate
from my cutting is you will need a pair
of scissors or any sharp knife make sure
they clean and then you will also need a
container with soil and make sure they
are well a nice well-drained soil and
when I use is what I use for the most of
my vegetable growth growing and it's the
organic organic potting mix it's because
the I have it available so that's the
only not used and it worked for me so
that's why I'm gonna show you how I do
this
so again so you all you need is a pair
of scissors a plant that you have and
then some soil make sure that moist
because once you put this in here you're
not gonna water for maybe a few weeks
unless they're dry so what you will do
is you will take your plant and then
select the leaf you want to cut off and
I don't want to today I'm just gonna
make AC a few clones I don't want to
take these tall one cuz with that tall
ones you can make a bunch of little tiny
ones so I would just take this one looks
nice here so I'm just gonna take that
one there and make about two cuttings
that two clones out of that so use a
nice clean shear or scissors or
something like that and you're just
gonna cut that off just like that and
then what you would do is you can either
just stick this right into the soil or R
or you can cut this more and make two
cuttings like I did that there I have
three so two of the new plants come come
out of that so I'm just gonna make take
this nice leave here then remember to
always which side is up because once you
cut it you might get a little confusing
switch which side is up so I know that
this side is up I'm gonna cut it right
about in half yeah and make sure you lay
it down as this is up and this is the
bottom so if you
backward it's not going to work then
I'm just gonna leave that one like this
but if you want three you can also cut
it like that so I'll just do two today
leave it like that so you get your pots
and then you just sort of like force it
down into the soil give it like about an
inch into the soil so that it can it can
root down there and I don't have any
utensil a tool to help me do this I'm
just gonna do like that then you can
also do this this one as well I
compacted the soil a little bit too much
so which is gonna use my finger to
create a space like about an inch into
the soil then push it down a little bit
just like that so you you want to make
sure that you there's your soil is sorry
that are easily drained so they're well
drained and you want to keep the soil
moist and not soaking wet because if you
have it soaking wet it's gonna rot and
they won't grow so that's that's how I
did my other one right there and it
works so what you do here is that's it
that's pretty much it you keep it like
this keep it out of the light for for a
few days and these cut cutting part at
the top right here will start to heal
and it's gonna look like like that sort
of like a brownish color and keep an eye
on it make sure your soil is always
moist and not again not wet and it
usually take much longer than cloning
vegetables so this one probably took me
like two months before I start seeing
these shoots coming out but you can tell
that these that if you've done it
successfully is the plant it doesn't dry
out it stays green and it looks alive so
that's how you you sort of like tell
that it's a it's still there and and in
a few months if you make sure that it
doesn't dry out completely keep it moist
you will have new shoots come out like
just like that and then once you get
these you can repot them into a bigger
pot and then that that's basically how
you clone it is very very simple and
it's not doing nothing more to it that's
how I did it I mean I've done it and
this is the result of it and it worked
so the same method is there so that
that's all so um
I hope you give it a try and if you do
let me know if it works for you alright
so that's all for today thanks for
watching