what can you do that's exciting in 15
minutes with your clothes on make salmon
patties here is all you need to make my
quick and easy salmon patties a can of
salmon a slice of whole wheat bread
some onion red pepper parsley and an egg
and that's how simple it is okay here's
how I do it
first of all I'm using a seven and a
half ounce can of red salmon this is 213
grams and I have a can already opened
and drain so drain it really really well
because you don't want too much moisture
in there so we're gonna put that into a
bowl okay there's the salmon and now you
know can salmon has bones so take a look
at this has bones and skin in there I
always remove the skin because well
first I don't like the way it looks and
also because if there's any toxins in
the in the fish its concentrated in the
skin so it's just I just don't like it
so I'm going to take it off you have to
kind of break it apart to find the the
skin and so I try to find most of it
there's a little bit there okay and
there's also a bones in here you know
the bones are soft and they're cooked so
try to leave the man you can mash them
up let's see see right here there's oh
let me find some there's bone see
there's bones right there you leave them
in there really really soft and it'll
give you a lot more calcium in these in
these patties so leave the bones in and
then mash up the salmon a little bit
with a fork and then we're going to
start to add the ingredients okay now
we're gonna add a quarter cup each of
onion you can use red onion if you want
because the the Salmons red quarter cup
of finely chopped onion and pepper and
about a tablespoon of parsley and this
all goes in to the salmon right here and
then the only two more things which is
the egg which I'll put in right now one
egg extra protein from the egg too I'll
mix this up just a little look at that
oh it's beautiful all these colors
everything in here is just so healthy
alright now we can eat we need about a
half cup of fresh breadcrumbs not dry
and I usually make that with a slice of
whole wheat bread I'm using
the store-bought Rudy's is the brand
that has a like a nice soft whole-wheat
so try to find a soft whole-wheat bread
they'll give you extra fiber for the
patties I take the crust off to keep it
nice and soft and I'm gonna make fresh
breadcrumbs in a little mini food
processor if you don't have one you can
just chop the bread up really really
fine with a knife so now this is going
to be noisy so hold on here there's your
fresh breadcrumbs one big slice about a
half a cup goes in and that's all the
ingredients now we're gonna mix this up
and shape some patties okay okay there
it's all mixed now we're gonna make four
patties it's a little bit messy just
kind of don't
I wouldn't press it down too much keeps
them nice and light just kind of shape
them and then I try to give them a
little edge like that I like them a
little bit tall with kind of a flat edge
like that there there's one second one
coming you know I actually caught some
salmon once we're on vacation in Alaska
and we ate it but we had to clean it
first that's why I like canned salmon no
eyeballs there's another one okay that's
two two more coming okay here's the last
one this whole process even with with
chopping the onion and the parsley and
everything is barely 15 minutes so
there's my four patties now what we do
is we're gonna cook them on a the
biggest frying pan you have and I have
my big pan here you preheat it to
somewhere between medium and medium-high
preheat it for about a minute and then
we'll cook the patties now we just need
about a teaspoon of olive oil just a
little bit whoops
we go kind of swish it around a little
bit and then the best way to put the
patties in is to use a spatula can I
just kind of quickly get under it watch
this quickly is better like that there's
one see quickly under because otherwise
you can kind of mess up with the shape a
little bit mess to shape up a little bit
okay quickly and with your hand put it
in there and one more okay that's it now
these are gonna cook for about five
minutes so like two when it happened its
precise so I'll turn them over in a
couple minutes and that's it
okay it's been a couple minutes you can
kind of just I would just be it's hard
to kind of look under them just flip one
over and see if it's ready because you
can keep turning them that's not too bad
I think I'll give it another you know
thirty seconds or so just a little bit
browner alright I waited a little bit
let's try the next one
and again the faster you can move
through this the better fast underneath
oh there it is look at that it comes the
next one oh the next one beautiful so
that's it I don't even know it's
probably not even five minutes I would
start checking them in about a minute
and a half two minutes turn them over
and then eat them look at these they're
gorgeous and they're all done now you
just take them onto a your serving plate
there's 1 & 2 & 3 & 4
look at these I'm telling you everything
in these patties is so healthy they got
protein they've got omega-3 fatty acids
good for the heart to give you great
skin shiny hair so I hope you'll try my
quick and easy salmon patties hey you
know if you had friends if you knew a
couple named Patty and Sam you might
wind up having this conversation yeah
we're going for dinner salmon patties
no no not fish we're having chicken
we're salmon patties no chicken salmon
patties no listen to me
we're having chicken with salmon patty
no we're not having boat is this thing
on hello
I believe in taking risks in life that's
why I'm wearing white to make spaghetti
and meatballs
now you could spend all day making sauce
or you could do it my quick and easy way
and make the sauce and the spaghetti and
the meatballs all in 35 minutes and
here's how this is how easy this recipe
is everything goes into one bowl mix it
up bacon all right so here we go