it's all the buzz in one neighborhood as
Nicole Grigg shows us the invasion of
ground hornets has people going to
extreme and unorthodox
measures kids would usually be out
playing on a summer day like today in
this West Carolton neighborhood but a
new nuisance swarming around or we can
call them the cicada killers have kept
these kids indoors Mike Morgan has a
giant problem on his hands I've killed
225 as of 3 days ago he spent more than
8 hours the past 3 days killing ground
hornets also called cic Killers with a
tennis racket sounds gross but it's fun
it gives it improves my back swing and I
don't even play tennis and it's getting
rid of his problem one swat at a time
nasty giant huge ginormous bees Barbara
Turner says she won't even let her kids
go outside because of the hundreds of
hornets flying around the girls you know
they can't come outside and play at all
I mean they have to stay away from our
yard to play and I want them in our yard
to play experts say cic Killers prefer
to burow in sand and dry soil like dead
grass and even near baking areas like
where this gorill is the insects will
make a hole where they will take cicas
in to eat exterminators say while they
do have chemical treatments it's hard
for them to treat every hole the Hornets
make because if they M even one the bugs
will stick around experts say cic killer
should disappear in about 3 to 4 weeks
reporting in West Carolton Nicole grig
Fox 45 News