hi good afternoon
everybody I am here with
Rael and we just wanted to give you a
quick update of her uh one day after
surgery
um her surgery she had the fho because
her pelvis was uh broken on the left
side along with the
um bone as well so she had the fho which
basically means the bone looks like this
they cut this part off of the bone well
when the surgeon got in there yesterday
he um said that it was not a new injury
it was definitely I know I know I know
Mommy you're okay it was definitely an
old injury um that she had probably been
sitting there suffering like that for
months um so that being said
the injury had started to kind of heal
and callous and it was a little bit more
of an intense surgery
than he was expecting when he went in so
it was harder on her than a normal just
fho on a dog that was just recently hurt
so um she is on a fentanyl pain patch
that's what that bandage around her
waist is she has been on it for days um
she
also received uh
Hydro when she came out of surgery um
she is on uh Roa
she is on as as many pain pills and pain
medicines as we can give her safely to
help ease the pain and the discomfort um
yesterday was not a good day after
surgery for her she was very very
uncomfortable and very anxious um and uh
to top that off she also was not eating
um today is day four of her not eating
on her own I know Mommy I know I know
lay down
okay so we had to start yesterday with
syringe feedings of her with uh food
it's called ad uh we mashed it up really
well and due to her anxiety levels uh
the doctor also crushed up some
trazodone which is a calming um medicine
and we syringe fed her last night the
trazodone to try and make her calm and
then we also gave her an additional
injection of um a
pain uh medicine slash kind of sedative
so that she could sleep and give her
body a chance to rest and
recuperate um this is the next morning
she still would would not eat for us so
this morning uh she received her laser
treatment on the
area um where she had the surgery she
got her massage from the doctor they did
the range of motion on her leg um and
she still would not eat so we again
crushed up the trazadone the calming
agent in the syringe of ID or ad food
and we force fed it to her because she
has to keep her strength up um if she's
going to be able to to get better so um
we did that this morning she was very
very antsy in her run so we got her up
and walking which is where we are now we
are outside in our little side yard area
uh Andre the um wonderful vetch who's
been working with her for two days laid
out the yoga mats that we bought one by
one we bought two so the whole way from
the ICU
all the way out to the side yard so that
we could have her walk out here get a
little bit of change of scenery some
fresh air and also to get her up and
moving on that leg so it is going to be
a very long road for Rael it's going to
be a tough road because like I said it's
a
painful surgery for her because she had
been sitting like that um for months the
doctor said months somebody just watched
[Music]
so we just wanted to give you guys a
quick update and to also say if you
please can spare a couple dollars it is
going to be a long road there is going
to be lots of medications there is going
to be Physical Therapy um and it's going
to be costly but we are committed to her
we told her when We rescued her and
we're going to keep going until we get
this girl up on her feet again okay okay
Mommy okay it's okay it's okay 100 plus
abandoned dog ever Glades Florida with
roel and also please keep this girl in
your
prayers