[Music]
this is a video on checking and adding
oil in your vehicle for beginners if
you've never checked the oil on your car
and you leave it up to somebody else or
you let the garage do it this will show
you how to do it yourself it's real
simple straight forward it's not
complicated uh hopefully you'll get
something out of this I hope so now the
most most important thing you can do is
look for your operator's manual or your
owner's handbook it all depends on what
you want to call it this is your most
important resource on checking your oil
or your other fluids in your vehicle
believe it or not now if you open up
your manual and you go all the way to
the end of your manual in the back of
the book you will see an index like this
this will show you how to check your
engine oil level and of course you want
to turn that page and you want to look
at it it's real simple now when you go
to the proper page in your manual as you
can see here this will tell you how to
check your oil if you look at your blue
arrow it will tell you to basically how
to it'll tell you to remove your yellow
dipstick and clean it with a paper towel
push it back in all the way remove it
again and keep the tip lower and check
the E level uh it doesn't show a good
picture of the dipstick uh and basically
it doesn't go over where the fill level
is where it's not that's why I don't
like some manuals now if you look at the
red arrow it tells you if it's 4.76 mm
or 316 above below the full level yada
yada yada this is why a lot of people
don't check their oil because they try
to make it over complicated in these
manuals and I'm going to try to simplify
this as much as I possibly can for you
now this is the other page this happens
to be a Saturn manual it doesn't get too
descriptive it doesn't show you the
dipstick or what the level should be it
over complicates things unfortunately it
tells you when to add oil and it tells
you if the oil is at or below the adline
then you'll need to add oil and it tells
you you need to add one quart or 0.95
lers at the oil filler cap but you must
use the right kind okay this this makes
it all complicated then it tells you you
need to basically jump to the capacities
and specifications in the index a lot of
people are like well the heck will this
is this isn't worth it it's too
complicated I'm going to try to simplify
this as much as possible it doesn't
matter what year vehicle you have all
vehicles have a owner's manual hopefully
you have one and all of them have an
index in the back as you can see this is
my 73 chevel Chevy owners manual like I
said all of them have indexes and all of
them will tell you how to check your oil
and your other fluids but this one we're
just going to be concentrating on oil
now this manual happens to be a 1990
Dodge Dakota owner manual they like to
complicate things good example if you
look at the red arrow it tells you
basically to assure the proper
formulated engine oils it's recommended
that Mopar oils or equivalent uh be used
they're trying to get you to use a
basically go to the dealership and use
their oils not needed you can go to an
art store and use a regular motor oil it
will not hurt anything the other thing
is by the blue arrow you're seeing where
it's talking about engine viscosity it's
talking about SA grades and all of this
don't let this overwhelm you don't let
this confuse you basically you need to
worry about getting engine oil in this
vehicle because if you don't take care
of the vehicle it's basically going to
go kaput on you and you're talking about
an expensive repair bill you do not
again you do not need to go to the
dealership to get motor oil motor oil is
motor oil believe it or not now this
happens to be the same owner's manual if
you look it's talking about energy cons
serving oils it likes to really get into
some complicated complicated stuff
anything to confuse you when it comes to
motor oil if you're not used to adding
oil to your vehicle or you never have
basically like I said this is going to
simplify if you look at your owner's
manual it's good that you read this and
you learn a little bit if you don't want
to learn about oils and get all
complicated about it and get confused
about it then this video is basically
going to make it easier for you this
happens to be the other page of the
owner's manual if you look it basically
shows you what is going to be on an oil
cap like it tells you to use SAE 10 we
30 a lot of people are like okay what's
a SAE what's uh 10W-30
don't let all of this confuse you don't
let it confuse you at all I will make it
easier on you and basically uh make it
simple real simple into the point so you
can check the oil yourself keep in mind
that oil can be purchased from anywhere
if you go into the store and you want to
worry about SAE whether or not it's
energy efficient and all of this stuff
that's fine do that take your owner's
manual with you go into Walmart go into
the auto part store and if you compare
the two you not you're going to notice
that basically anything that's on the
bottles and the Shelf is going to match
what's in your owner's manual if you're
starting to worry about all this API and
SAE stuff and S and all these other
funky terminologies now you're probably
asking why should I put oil in my
vehicle or why should I check it I'll
let my boyfriend my girlfriend my
husband my wife my mistress my dog my
cat check my oil for me or I'll wait
until a low oil light comes on and then
I'll add oil to it this is the attitude
that I get from my two teenagers as well
as my wife uh if the low oil light comes
on they come screaming at me and say Hey
low oil lights on and uh basically I end
up having to check the oil or they wait
until it wraps or starts making a weird
noise and they say you know what I think
it's time to start adding oil so they
add oil you don't want to do that you
want to take care of your vehicle if you
don't take care of your vehicle it's not
going to take care of you bottom line
this is very important to take care of
your car engine if you don't it's going
to be an extremely extremely expensive
repair after all if you don't take care
of your vehicle something like this
could happen I'm just kidding relx this
will not happen if you do not check the
oil in your vehicle I couldn't resist in
all actuality something like this will
happen bottom line is if you go and
spend $5 or less for a stupid quart of
oil you can prevent something like this
from happening and being very costly but
then again if you're loaded and you got
plenty of money and you don't worry
about the engine being bad or you want
to take it to somebody else and let them
do it then so be it go ahead if you got
plenty of money don't put oil in let the
engine blow mean IC need the money too
such as myself now we're going to go
over dipsticks and what a dipstick is
even though you may call a child or of
yours a dipstick or somebody you uh get
aggravated with uh I've used the
terminology a lot we're going to go over
dipsticks what they are the different
types of them and what to look for now
the first Turtle you're going to come
across if you want to check your oil is
getting the hood open if you can't get
the hood open you can't check your oil
look in your owner's manual that can't
hurt anything uh and you shouldn't be
able to misinterpret anything on how to
get your hood open if you notice most
Vehicles will have clearly marked where
you can check your oil if you notice see
that yellow handle right there that
yellow handle right there that's your
oil not all vehicles are like this but
this happens to be a Chevy Blazer now
this happens to be a Saturn S Series if
you noticed the yellow handle again you
should be seeing a pattern here it's
yellow stands out like a sore thumb this
happens to be be a Dodge Stratus again
yellow stands out like a sore thumb but
there's two of them but if you read them
one says transmission fluid and the
other one says engine oil like I said
real easy to spot and this vehicle
happens to be a Toyota pickup truck
again the yellow
dipstick if you notice you'll see a
pattern between all these vehicles not
all vehicles will have a yellow color
coded dipstick keep this in mind some
might be black some might not have color
at all so you need to look at your
owner's manual to determine where your
dipstick is going to be now if you pull
on the handle the yellow handle we were
talking about uh at the end you're going
to pull it all the way out and you're
going to have a rag and you're going to
wipe it all the way off and you're going
to see something on the end of it that
looks like this basically this is where
you're going to look it tells you what
your oil level is your normal is pretty
much your oil level will be in the
middle and of course there's your ad all
the way at the bottom and your overfill
at the top you want to keep your oil
level in the middle of these basically
these little crisscross things in the
middle and I'm going to show you some
other pictures as well now like I said
not all dipsticks are colorcoded some
are Chrome plated some are black this
happens to be an example of another
dipstick now this is what the end of the
dipstick looks like this is what I was
talking about if you look at the two
arrows the one at the bottom where it's
next to the fold this is the highest
level the oil should be the one the red
arrow at the bottom or at the top rather
where it says add this is the lowest it
should be what you're shooting for is
those two little dots in the middle as
long as it's between the ADD and the
fold you're okay you don't want to go
over the full Mark if you write up to
the full Mark you're fine again this is
a different style of dipstick if you
look at the red arrow on the right this
is the maximum oil level that you should
have and the red arrow on the left
hopefully you know your difference
between your left and your right is your
minimum level you want to try to be
between these two you can get it all the
way up to that little dot on the right
hand side where the Arrows by the max
that's your maximum you don't want to go
over that but if you're all the way up
to that that's fine you're safe at least
you have oil in your vehicle like I said
before if you're in doubt look at your
owner's manual now here's a video that
shows you how to do it get yourself a
paper towel like you see on the right
here and see the yellow handle that's
what you're going to be going for you're
going to be going for that yellow handle
you're going to pull that yellow handle
out that I'm pointing to right here real
simple wipe it off real simple now I
know you're not going to be able to see
what it looks like on the end of the
dipstick then you're going to put it
back in your vehicle after you wipe it
off it doesn't have to be perfectly
clean then you're going to let it sit
for oh shoot I'd say about 3 to 5
seconds then you're going to pull it
back out with your paper towel and
you're going to going to look at where
the oil level is this happens to be my
son's vehicle so it has no oil in it
whatsoever it's supposed to be at the
full Mark where my finger is I know you
can't see it that well and I apologize
for that so obviously this is going to
need some oil and I'm going to show you
how to do that it's real easy to do
believe it or not so what you're going
to do is you're going to add oil so now
you're ready to add oil to your car
because you know it's low what kind of
oil do you go with well if you look at
this it says engine oil and it says
5W-30 that's 5830 that tells you what
kind of oil you're going to be needing
to add now some of these unscrew other
ones just pop straight off you're going
to have to play with it again look at
your owner's manual and this will tell
you what kind of oil you should use or
you can use the filler cap as a
reference to go by now we've got our cap
removed real simple now we're going to
add our engine oil I'm not using a
funnel because I've done this I don't
know how many many times so I'm not
saying I'm a pro but it's really easy to
do you remove your cap and you get as
close as possible I only had a little
bit of spill there and you add your oil
this vehicle had basically no oil in it
at all if you're worried about adding
too much uh don't add as much as you see
me doing here but if the dipstick is
completely empty like it was here I'm
adding an entire quart and then what I'm
going to end up doing after I do that
I'm going to check my oil again again to
make sure it's on a level again what you
want to do after you add your oil is
you're going to let this sit just for a
little bit enough so it can sit in the
bottom of your engine and you're going
to end up checking your oil again it's a
rather simple easy process here you can
see I'm adding another quart to it not
happy that it was two quarts low again
this is my son's vehicle and he doesn't
know how to change oil that's the whole
primary purpose behind these veh uh
videos believe it or not is I'm getting
tired of being the only one in the
family that knows how to do this it gets
a little old after a while it really
does now that you have added oil to your
vehicle you're going to put your
dipstick back in after you've wiped it
off of
course and you're going to let it sit
just for 3 to 5 Seconds like I had said
use a paper towel again and you're going
to look at your level this happens to be
perfect it happens to be right where
it's supposed to be I got lucky however
if you do this and it's not at a little
bit more put the dipstick in again let
it sit 3 to 5 Seconds pull it back out
check it again you may have to do this
multiple times in order to get the
proper level again you do not want to
overfill this you want to get it right
as you can see here I'm double-checking
it and triple checking it because I want
to be safe about it and I don't want to
screw it up now if you check your
dipstick and the gauge says it's not
correct and it's low obviously you're
going to need to add more oil again you
do not not want to go over the full line
if you can help it this is real simple
to do it's not that complicated it
really isn't now if your oil level is
fine you want to go ahead and put your
cap back on tighten it down make sure
that it's not loose and you've checked
your oil it's that simple and another
little trick you can do is if you look
at the top of your oil cap it will tell
you what kind of oil you should be using
as you can see indicated by the red
arrow it says 5 w -30 pretty simple
isn't it now not all oil caps will tell
you what kind of oil you need to be
using most of them do other ones will
refer you to your owner's manual as you
can see here highlighted by the red
arrow here is another oil fill cap if
you notice this one tells you to use
5W-30 as well that's 5830 just write
this number down go to the auto part
store get yourself some 5W-30 and that's
the kind of oil that you want to put in
your car real simple now hopefully
you've learned something from this video
and hopefully you've learned how to
check your oil and how to add engine oil
if you have any difficulties in doing
this send me a message I'd be more than
happy to walk you through it it may take
a while depending on the kind of vehicle
that you have but it shouldn't be that
hard it's real easy to do the bottom
line is look at your owner's manual it's
not that hard to do it really isn't
you're going to save yourself a lot of
time if you actually check your engine
oil and uh you're going to save yourself
a big repair bill I look forward to any
comments or any suggestions and thanks
for
watching