hello I'm chef Johnny if you're a Texas
style cuisine appreciate you dropping by
today I'm going to be making up some
fresh kielbasa sausage for you it's a
very good recipe it's one I think you'll
enjoy and it's got a lot of traditional
ingredients of a kielbasa or Polish
sausage now I'll tell you what if you
like making sausage if you like grilling
up this sausage see and cook it on the
grill do you like barbecuing you're at
the right channel if you like to see a
little camp cook and maybe some Dutch
oven work you're still at the right
channel so go down there and hit that
subscribe button and hit the
notifications but also if you like a
little cooking by a chef if the kitchen
sold you some techniques that chefs use
you're still at the right channel so hit
that subscribe button thank y'all
stopping by you're ready and we're going
to show you how to make fresh kielbasa
sausage
[Music]
to get started on this kielbasa sausage
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna set up our KitchenAid mixer if you
have one of these they're great they
have a mini attachment you can put on
one of them is a grinding attack I have
this sitting then on ice bad and the
reason for that is is we want everything
nice and cold when you're making sausage
your fat as soon as it warms up your
hands warm it that must fear warms it
they start rendering out so we're gonna
take our a grinder put the attachment
all the way on tighten it up now that
grinder is ready to go so all I have to
do now is is I've cut my meat as you can
see in the small slivers now all these
little small slivers and chunks will go
through very fine and this is 5 pounds
of Boston button pork so it's it's a
solid pork sausage now we're going to
get this going I'm going to turn on by
my blender about three or four is a good
speed on these you don't want to
overload them they are really not made
for us
heavy body but we're doing five pounds
here so this KitchenAid will work just
fine and remember don't push down real
hard it's just you're just getting the
meat in there enough that the one beer
can grab it and push it through we are
finishing up the last bit of this pork
and if you'll notice I have my bowl in a
bowl and the bowl below it says that I
specify some water in there to keep this
bowl nice and cool I gots telling you we
want our meat to stay cool then
in the freezer for a little while if
it's almost frozen that's not a bad
thing so here's the last of our pork
going through to our bar way to add our
spices instruct me now to mix this up
I'm just going to dump this five pounds
of pork onto a sheet pan like I said I I
have they meet pictures that we could
actually use but I'm not going to do
that today I'm just five pounds I'll do
this by hand
what kind of flatten out my meat and
what I'm gonna do is take my ingredients
I have two tablespoons of black pepper
and I'm gonna just kind of spread them
through it if I start off with them
spread it makes it a little easier so
there goes my two teaspoons of black
pepper 2 tablespoons of kosher salt I
have a teaspoon of coriander okay
all that out of there tablespoon brown
mustard
and our last ingredient is more trouble
and I've got about 2 tablespoons of that
but it was actually it's 4 teaspoons of
market and our last ingredient is a
fresh garlic we ran this through a
garlic press and it's 4 tablespoons of
fresh garlic now if you were going to
make this a smoked sausage this is when
you would add your pink your pink salt
or your preserving agent whatever it may
be so I'm gonna take all my ingredients
and I'm just going to cut start folding
this over all of my 5 pounds of pork and
then just work it in real well with your
fingers and just mix it real good
fingers get a little tired we've mixed
literally hundreds of pounds of sausage
in a day back when we were kids all the
men we get together have some fog they
had killed deer and we would make six
seven eight hundred pounds of sausage
we'd have a few grinders going a few
stuffers going and they always had this
boys mix but there we go with our key
Abbas it looks like it's mixed well and
if you will look at it it's nice and
tacky you always want to tacky if it's
not real tacky you can take it and add a
little water to it
because you want to have a little tacky
and then we'll pass fast through your
grinder a little bit better but there we
go that looks good so what I'm gonna do
now is I'm gonna take a little patty
take it into the kitchen and fry it up
and make sure that the spices are right
if they are we'll come back and stuff it
if not we'll adjust in how we need to
but this recipe is pretty good pretty
much know how it turns out so it should
be fine but we'll test it and then we'll
get back in here to get it stuff for you
now we're gonna load up our stuff
and how we do that is just it just tilts
back and then I can take my forcemeat
and this is our mixture we call that a
force meters and naming what you call it
and we're just going to stuff it down in
there trying to push out all the air we
can and this is a five-pound stuffer so
all my beats should fit in one pack
stuffers ready to go just set it up
straight and you just turn the handle
down and I kind of turn it right now
just to where it gets the meat we're
seeing we're gonna do now is we're gonna
slip on our off casing on them is what
we call the Horn of the stuffer we're
gonna slide that on and these are in a
saltwater brine so when you get them you
just rinse them off run water on the
outside end do the inside also so we've
got our casing just about on alright
it's ready to go before I uh before I
tie my knot I'm going to crank it down
just a little bit and kind of get meat
to the end of the horn right there I'm
gonna stop so I've got meat ready to go
I'm gonna tie a loop in the end and then
what I do is I take that tag in and push
it back through the loop that way by not
doesn't slip out I'm going to put that
off and I'm gonna just take my little
pricker and I'm gonna prick the end of
this so that that first ear can get out
now almost start stuffing and it's about
ready to go
see that face right there so we're gonna
use my right hand to kind of regulate
the pressure of how fast the gut comes
off of the horn and my left hand just to
kind of support and move the sausages
off if you want to just have kind of a
slow steady pace not too fast if you go
too fast you'll end up busting your
intestine and also you don't want it too
full because if you get it too full
you cannot twist your your sausages go
faster
now you have all of our sausage through
in the course you lose a little bit
what's in the tube but you take that in
and fry it up real quick and I'm just
going to break my break my gut this
one's ready to go and I'm just going to
tie a loop here at the end carefully
right there do it one more time right
there
now our sausage is done you can make it
into whatever size links you want I'm
gonna make these into about a six inch
link so what I'm gonna do is I'll figure
that's about six inches I'm a penchant
right there
so now all my sausages will be that
length I can fold it over grab my next
one I'm going to just twist it forward
then we measure it that what's measured
that was measured and this time instead
of twisting forward we twist backwards
up a little blowout that one already had
a tear in it and then finish tearing so
we'll have that for lunch okay
measure off my six inches again just
twist it forward
and we're just going to go six inches
fold it six inches this was going to be
backwards and our last one squeeze it
off with the six inch side and a little
Scooby Snack left over at the end for
later thanks for stopping by Texas style
cuisine I sure do hope you enjoyed our
kielbasa sausage demonstration today
this is an excellent recipe and test it
up well so we know it's going to taste
great now if you want to do a smoked
sausage when you add your spices that's
when you had to curing agents and just
add those in according to the
manufacturers recommendations on how
much you use on those but this is a
great recipe if you like polish sausage
eh kielbasa specifically this is a good
recipe I want to thank you for stopping
by
I appreciate that very much remember to
give me the thumbs up if you join the
video tell your friends about us share
us on your social media subscribe our
channel hit that subscribe button and
also hit that notification bill so
you'll know every time we put up a new
video thanks for stopping by we
appreciate it
and we're gonna see you down the road on
the Texas town cuisine sitting by the
wagon when Sun come up this morning
bacon eggs and coffee biscuits and bean
cookie strikes the bell and he rings the
world warning how the most put food away
beats all I've ever seen
[Music]