hi I'm Stan defus Mr Green Thumb so you
want to grow some hydroponic tomatoes
remember Hydroponics Hydro water that
you're going to be growing them in some
type of container and indoors of course
you can grow them on a porch or patio do
remember that you need about 6 hours of
bright Sun a day or you need an area
where you're getting a high artificial
light either a grow light or even a
fluorescent tube or even a canescent
bulb but you've got to be within about a
foot or so of your plant typically when
you're growing in high Hydroponics
you're going to pump the solution
through at least once a day or it'll
have some type of reservoir where it'll
hold the water and nutrients in the base
of the plant you can see this container
we've got some Reservoir in the bottom
and it'll simply kind of drain back
through if we had a little tube in a
pump we could actually pump it back
through this container two or three
times a day many people like that idea
because they think they're giving their
plant that constant nutrient on a
constant basis the idea originally was
developed during the war times when
people couldn't have fresh fruit when
the guys were fighting in Far Away
places today many people like the idea
of having it just in their own backyard
or in their house cuz it makes for a
convenient way to add to your vegetable
production for ask Mr Green thumb.com
I'm Stan defus