[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys welcome back to my channel so
in this week's video it's going to be a
super quick but a like I don't even know
how to explain it it's like the most
Monumental thing that I have discovered
in a very long time and I am so excited
to share it with you I feel like this
must be known to everybody but me but I
mean I've talked to a couple people and
they didn't know about it so I'm sharing
this with you it will change your life
forever but yeah I am really excited to
share this video with you I hope you
like
it oh my
God this flower wall may be
like may be going away I'm not sure yet
but it's possible because that keeps
happening and I thought I replaced all
of the ones with the sticky Dicky Tech
but apparently not anyway we're going to
ignore that and uh pretend it never
happened but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and let me show you
this amazing thing do you guys ever
suffer from this magical phenomenon of
your couch
cushions sliding off the
couch because no matter what I did I
would shove them as far back as I could
and they would always move whenever you
sat down in it so I have discovered
the most amazing thing to use to keep
them from moving and all you need is a
pair of
scissors and these amazing shelf liners
they're a dollar at the dollar store and
they're 5 ft long so for my couch I did
two strips on the long Chase and then
one strip for each cushion so pretty
incredible I think so all you do is you
unroll
it put it down put the second one down
and and then just trim off the
excess then just simply Glide down the
cushion slowly onto the base and put
your pillows back then repeat the same
process for the other two cushions or
however many cushions you
[Music]
have I have to mention again that this
project to like save your sanity cost $4
can you tell I am like amazed at this
like really
[Music]
can now in order to give this the true
test I had two very willing helpers to
test out the durability of this
[Music]
I
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I really hope you liked it I hope
you were enlightened like I was it was
like how did I not know about this I
have been suffering
with couch cushions moving for the
longest time like you just sit in it and
it's so comfortable and then your butt
slowly starts to sink into a crack and
it's is not comfortable sitting in a
crack let me tell you but really um I
thought I would give you the final test
with pixel and res because they are the
professional couch cushion movers by
jumping on and off the couch mostly
pixel res does it a little bit but
mostly it's pixel cuz she just has the
legs to launch herself everywhere and I
just spat lovely I hope you guys have
amazing weeks and I'll see you guys next
Saturday bye
guys
I can hear
the feel the