I got a request for a video so I had a
request for a video asking for me to
show how I take care of my per plant and
I've done a couple videos my hand does
whoa very close I've had a few comments
from you guys on my prayer plant and it
is probably the favorite plants in my
collection that I have so I understand
you know well you wanted a little bit
more about it I'm happy to tell you guys
how I take care of my prayer plants and
I'm going to actually show you a where
in my room I have it so you can kind of
see the sunlight exposure that it is
actually getting because I I don't know
I feel like maybe that has a lot to do
with how well the plant is do me so
let's go take a look at my prayer plan
[Music]
[Music]
this is my Miranda prayer plant and let
me show you where it is in relation to
the window so here is the window in my
bedroom and this is where the prayer
plant is so can kind of see the light
that it's getting blue the window that
makes sense but the Sun kind of comes
down around this direction and doesn't
really come directly at the plant and it
kind of comes more this way so the plant
doesn't really get direct sunlight it
just gets kind of bright ish indirect
sunlight I think that makes sense so
that is where the lives now as far as
caring for the plant I found this really
easy to take care of I don't really do a
whole lot I just kind of leave it where
it is I've only repotted it once from
when I got it and I think I actually put
it in maybe a little bit bigger of a pot
than it should have been in but maybe I
don't know maybe that was the tree I
kind of took a little while to start
growing but once I did it just hasn't
really stopped since it started I let
the soil dry out I would say maybe the
top inch or so try it out to let it dry
out too much more than that I don't
really let it go more than a day or two
the soil actually being dry and then I
water it pretty well I don't you know
completely soaked it all the way through
I just give it a nice good watering and
then wait until it dries out again and
that's pretty much it I have given it a
little bit of plant food I think twice
oh I don't know I don't have it in any
kind of special soil and I do complement
it quite a bit so that could be helping
yeah so that is how I take care of my
maritza prayer plant that I love very
much and it's my favorite plant probably
maybe I don't know actually I don't know
anyway if you guys have any more
questions about my plants or if you have
any more requests for any other videos
or if
any comments or feedback or questions as
always you can leave that in the
comments below follow me on instagram at
simple care steps if you would like I
post a lot more kind of food-related
things on there and can also check out
my website simple care products com4
plate these skin care products and check
out my blog for food tips and wellness
tips and lots of interesting wonderful
things that you should read so on that
note please remember to like this video
if you liked it and subscribe for
updates when it post new videos because
I do a lot of plant videos and know
maybe requests if you would like to see
something else and that's it thank you
guys for watching and have a wonderful
rest of your day and happy happy
planting