[Music]
[Music]
like a million million no what about my
mom
it's your boy here and today we're back
with another video man so let's check
this out
so there's something different man on I
might cook for you guys
basically I'm cooking for unique right
here and their own and the crew a night
and I felt like I should bring back you
know cooking videos you know except for
you the people who don't know you're
going to talk profile and scroll down
over to the bottle time cooking channel
man me
you know I said let's cook it together
and couldn't create the banks together
right I need now with me right now round
because we people her and everybody else
no Sam play today y'all ready that's
Heidi that's net donor for the cook on
strength
Shrimant chicken fatty team you know
Samsung Bobby I don't know what it is
buddy I might know what a deal so so
down with the I agreed with each other
when we got you know we'll be cooking
this know right now we gotta get you
possible your Fantini in us and if any
team or one that I breast Tinder's the
chicken tenders because I'm a Fridays
you know I'm saying answerest rate is
changing I'm saying then I got my own or
do sauce and stuff like that you don't
say the classy Alfredo I got 300
I got my shrimp one night you know said
people don't usually eat shrimp in the
house without no I'm gonna tweak it a
whit night and I got my cooking all
which is own yeah my cooking all in that
puffle minute front my cheek
[Applause]
so not any air cider go ahead and like
new video subscribe to these trying to
prints that get if you new to this
channel press that they'll answer scraps
a little bit you know you want work you
can field as well going to them
confidence be little right now it's kind
of common one more clone cooking videos
and I'll leave it for you guys you know
me and me this today we can't sit this
flower so what I'm gonna do right now is
gonna season my chicken I'm gonna season
my stump and I'm gonna get straight back
to young so basically what I did was you
know understanding i season my chicken
up and i season my shrimp on that so
basically what you want to do it but you
season their stuff that they which is
chicken and shrimp you know if you put
it as in you put the season that you
want to put in I'm sine Omega to start
gonna make it to see two spicy meat eyes
this is our American using like Cajun
food like for spicing and good and I'm
saying season up not stuff like that so
basically gonna put their own noodles
into a ball
so basically what I'm going to do is get
the own butter cuz you need butter get a
stick of butter a little bit of butter
cut the butter
you get your butter which of this point
didn't think of whatever you deep water
[Music]
[Music]
okay once you get you all your path with
the water you know so you open up a
little faded tnews will win that you
have you normally do how people normally
do it you know I was raised and I used
to see my mama doing that stuff like
that you know some anomaly like one
spaghetti she's losing their home
break them and you know I'm saying and
put them in there I guess you make more
about you to finding breaking them and
so one pack pilot the field oh you know
sanneh be a good little money to be you
see what I'm saying
[Applause]
I'm gonna coordinate with your buddy
enough so they don't speak together
putting your nose away they're battling
each other whenever you put it on the
stove into the ball stuff like it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so now since we gotta hop on on noodles
Paulding right now put it in your phone
the time behind yous we do it will only
take four lose to get you know I'm
saying then usually what I do is I don't
know I see people doing it on this like
I go in a different way
I get the noodle this might sound
professional you know show you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
alfredo sauce in my own mi noodle one
night so right now what I'm doing is
stirring up the stirring it up and let
be please I'm no Sun no let me get a
little milk tried to put milk in my nice
and creamy and stuff like one more
creamy add your milk keeping more loose
and not too deep I'm not gonna say
there's cheese I didn't they put them in
so what else I want to do is get my
season
[Applause]
highlight cenotes always frozen but once
you put your seasoning on that the
seasoning will be a no people kick
there's different something put their
difference I'll keep it down
[Applause]
now what I'm gonna do is now well scan
it up so why I got the chicken alfredo
you know it's chicken extra afraid oh
I'm cooking on wind nice and basically
do it I'm gonna go ahead and put all
that all that grief they're cooking
Bruce you know yeah you did put that in
there so I'll go ahead Friday
yeah go ahead fried that chicken a
winner it's old man
good cheap chicken is good food let's
get straight to it
nice bikini we almost finish the I'm
only doing so I've got to own about the
I want a kebab me I got shrimp
fettuccine looking I didn't look like
this that's one thing about me I get
straight to it so look man
[Music]
after I eat did that mean half of this
is ours don't you understand I'm going
to Exeter fight it's the play test hey
cheese test it I will win me and stuff
like that history like that scene
antennas are done team
getting the rip-off
ball-ball
see the drip off
this email send just be the last touch
to me season over the chicken so it's
good good let me go ahead and set this
camera up you know same taste taste this
when we can be good to go that's giddy
so be fly in this video you know and I
have to give my little test tester
because you know taste testers will win
not because she just returned on
American get back does the winscp
edition was time to come downstairs so
needle with us all right to this charity
of destitution Arango subscribe to
Chiarella channel also the deep enough
cinnamon
some Mills gets tricky little pop me I
just read today who can meals a good
quick fast oh yeah ah yeah ah yeah
processor I had deal with
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]