eill JP your toes look like they went 12
rounds with Muhammad Ali like what are
those I'm doing this for you YouTube can
you do tips on this or no uh put the
tips yeah like french tips and welcome
back to another episode of JB Cooks
weird stuff while Julia's at work Julia
is at work but here in spirit or here in
apron she doesn't even know I'm using
this she's probably going to get pissed
we've gotten request to make flaming hot
Cheeto mozzarella sticks because things
are just better when they're flaming hot
very simple recipe guys all you're going
to need is what's in front of
you this is the five ingredient recipe
for this recipe you're going to need
string
cheese lots of string cheese oh no there
will be
eggs and
milk and
flour Dave's about to embark on the
hardest part here this is actually
really hard to do guys put the lid on
the blender yeah the food processor yep
all right and did I get it no well I
mean you have it on but you have to um
you have to make it click into that slot
right there is it is it on properly
almost there I want to I don't want to
break it oh okay I got it I got now yep
it's on got it no what you got to do is
you have to make this thing clicking on
that
slot you got this oh
yeah look at that dos right you know
what they should change this word to
though they should change it to bump
bump and grind exactly get it all in
there shake it all out careful with the
blade you might want to pop the blade
out pop it out I have no idea how to
remove it this is like a little snap
action oh okay gotcha just tap it in a
little tappy tap tap tap are you too
good for your home name that movie
comment below we have some extra Cheetos
and I've actually never seen flaming hot
pops before they look a little different
try one sure let's let's have a nice
little taste here wow this is hot you
know those to up yeah so if we want
to make these flaming hot we got to make
them flaming hot you know I mean like
flaming hot so we got chili powder
cayenne pepper and paprika all going in
this and then coming close for this
one this has been like quarantine in the
back of our cupboards for like probably
6 months now but these are dried
Carolina Reaper Peppers the hottest
pepper in the world and I'm sick of
looking at this so guess where it's
going boom all of
them the best part is Dave gets the all
this it's getting hot in here just
thinking about
it I hate
this Julia knows I'm making the flaming
hot mozzarella sticks but she doesn't
know what's going in it I'm just going
to add some Franks Red Hot to the egg
wash cuz it's already wet you got to get
the Poo po IO string cheese the tape
worked really well by the way so I'm
going to do a whole stick I was thinking
about cutting this but dude big ass
mozzarella stick right we are going to
uh coat it in the flour and it looks
like it's not really sticking too much
to the flour so I'm going to go right
into the egg and then I'm just going to
go right back into the flour so flour
we're doing like a triple coat here guys
back into the egg and now into the
Cheeto oh yeah that's working so much
better and you don't really want to
handle these things so we're just going
to do this
clean this floor before Julia gets home
last step David please join me over here
we're going to put these in the freezer
because I truly believe that freezing is
a necessary step in getting the perfect
crispy outer shell on a mozzarella stick
let's do this these are for later we'll
see you in like 30 minutes after our
pedicures I'm Sorry by the way my feet
are really gross she says she doesn't
have to work and then she's like oh wait
they just call M right that's so typical
of girls you know always prioritizing
work what's about my time what about me
you have emotions you're I do have
emotions all right looks good now right
can I wear these out yeah I can that's
kind of cool yeah I like free sandals
this is kind of awkward I'm not going to
lie I'm taking
these sure I'll take it I'll be back
that was had a good time all right guys
let's go make some flaming hot
mozzarella sticks cuz this completely
applies to getting a Pedic
here all right guys it's been like 30
minutes should be cold see what happens
oh yeah so I'm going to do one cuz I'm
like freaking
out I'll do like 3 minutes you got to
really baby this thing though because
you don't want that cheese to explode
out of it I love how it's holding its
color still oh yeah oh yeah look at this
guys I think it's perfect right now
oh hey hey guys can you see me
[Music]
still
[Music]
my mouth is like on fire I just chugged
about half this bottle of water yeah you
probably got one of the Carolina Reapers
dude you're really in pain aren't you oh
my God it's so hot oh I put Carolina
Reapers in the pup D it it was a prank
for Julia oh my God that is so
delicious I'm like so happy right
now I'm pretty sure JP cooked something
while I was at work because it reeks of
deep rer oil in a good way though
Julia's back say hi hi guys this is the
fun part we wanted to give you a fresh
mozzarella stick so you got to go in the
freezer and do it yourself how long does
it fry for 2 minutes it's down looks
like a
turd just go over there and talk to
Julia make it entertaining otherwise I'm
not going to put any of this in here
Julia gouia Dave weberg back in the
kitchen that's so true so what are we
going to do now deep fry one of these
Cheeto Cheeto uh string she already did
it oh you want to stir it over no one
bite for the health of it oh my God
that's the
[Music]
thumbnail it's
spicy M this is a really good recipe
it's spicy and it leaves a little bit of
spice on the tongue but it's not
overwhelming oh my God it's so hot it's
spicy guys make this at home do it make
sure to subscribe and click the Bell
icon to see every single time we post
and if you guys haven't already make
sure to like this video and comment
below what different other weird stuff
that you want Jak to make while I am at
work oh yeah look at
thato hey can we have sushi instead sure
Julia whatever you
want are we really going to get sushi