hi and welcome to ants Scandinavia in
this video you will see how to make your
own white tongue ant nest
let's get started first you need to cut
out a piece of white on the size depends
on your design but also on how large
your ant colony currently is for this I
am actually using a machine sublet
I wouldn't recommend using some
expensive wood so this is because the
saw blade will get blunt first I wanted
- to be a little smaller so I cut it
again this nest is for a new colony so
that's why I wanted a smaller size for
it now for the fun part
the design the first thing I drew was
the openings for the tubes this is so I
won't cut too close to that side the
tubes must be 2 centimeters or so into
the nest so they won't easily come off I
went for an open design still with the
some corners the next step is to start
carving the soft white foam makes it
easy to carve it
I use a flat screwdriver to call all of
my nests
remember to design the nest with
watering hopes I chose to have a rough
bottom because I wanted to simulate a
natural uneven floor these are the two
watering holes now it's time to drill
make sure to be very careful with this
step so you don't break the white hole
these are the drill I will be using the
middle one being for the watering holes
and the two larger ones being for the
tubes let's start with the watering
holes all set now I am just measuring to
make sure I don't drill through the
entire nest be careful with it it is
easy to get carried away and
accidentally drew forth
[Music]
watering holes done now let's drill the
holes for the tubes I'm using two drills
because the white gum may break when
drilling with drills too big that's why
I drill twice the first time being with
a smaller drill make sure the final
larger drill corresponds with the tube
sites you are going to use as mentioned
earlier be very careful when drilling in
white on it is a soft material and
breaks easily all looking good now it's
time for the larger drill on the exact
same spot so you only make the holes a
bit wider for the tubes to fit drilling
done and the tube fits perfectly now for
some los touches the next step is to
sand everything down to smooth soft
surface for this I am using a metal
piece and taped sandpaper P 122 one side
of it it is important to use a flat and
hard surface to sandwich because
otherwise the pressure may not be even
and you may end up with an on flat
surface it is important that the top
part of the nest is flat for the
Plexiglas to fit and so that no ants can
climb up and out of the watering holes
when it is sanded down it's time for
cleaning I'm using an air compressor for
this but showering it in water should do
just be sure that it is really rinsed
and all dust particles are gone cleaning
done now it's time to cut off the
plexiglass keep the safety plastic on to
avoid scratches
[Music]
place the glass on top of the nest and
draw a line where the edges should be
perfect
I used a jigsaw to cut it out but you
can use other source as well first cut
them all cut out and done very nice now
it's time to glue the glass to the nest
I'm using this transparent clear but I'm
sure you can use any type of clear
silicone sign for the satisfying sound
of safety plastic being taken away who
I'd love to do that now
place the glass upside down ready to be
put onto the nest and start silicone on
the sides
[Music]
when that is done put on the glass and
push so it is really speaking to the
white oh I'm using stick to collect the
leftover silicone you don't want to get
this on your hands it is really hard to
clean off suddenly it started pouring
rain so I had to get inside when you
have put the glass onto the white on it
is time for it to dry to be on the safe
side of it really sticking to the white
one I like to cover it with a cloth put
some rocks on each side and put a heavy
object onto it this focuses the weight
of the object onto the edges where you
have used the silicone wait about 14
hours and it should have cured the next
day take off the weight the rocks and
the blanket looks good make sure there
are no gaps for the ants to escape from
now it's time to drill the watering
holes use a small drill wide enough for
your syringe or pipette to fit but first
let's take away the safety plastic oh
why is that so satisfying Oh what let's
start drilling
[Music]
nice the next step is to glue the tubes
for this you will need tubes a scissor a
stick and silicone you will also need
hot water first put the end of the tube
into the hot water
this makes the tube soft and it will be
easier to put it in place then push it
into one of the holes first you done now
cut the tube to your desired length
repeat the same to the other tube
[Music]
perfect now it's time to use the
silicone use rather too much silicone
than too little
brother safe than sorry you don't want
the tube to come off on your van from it
[Music]
then use the stick to smoothen it out
[Music]
done just let it dry and you have your
own for me carry for your ads using this
method I showed you you can make many
different variations of knife like this
one which has cavities both on the top
and the side thank you
[Music]