[Music]
[Music]
okay so welcome to we bam thank you Ma
where I'm going to take you into wemy
bar acrobatics it's going to be wemy bar
circus and I'm going to show you ways of
using the wemy bar and guitar to have
some really cool sound pounds and and
get and get um beyond the typical crazy
up and down um all over the place maybe
it's in key maybe it's not whammy bar
use that that everybody everybody does
when we pick up a guitar and then it's
very cool to do if you want to do that
too it's just different ways of applying
Whi bar um to get different sounds from
your guitar and use this as
well okay so as you can see for these
examples I'm using a Floyd Rose uh
system and the real key for for this uh
for my examples is that your whammy bar
the arm has to be able to stay in place
meaning it could still be loose it
doesn't have to be screwed in so much
that it doesn't that cannot move but it
has to be able to stay in place because
a lot of the things we're going to be
doing will allow you to uh flutter the
[Music]
arm and the the whammy bar has to come
back in Pitch okay it's got to be very
slinky
so see how your Guitar Works and for
some reason your guitar is not set up
like that uh find somebody who can help
you to get your guitar set up ultimately
a perfect working Floyd Rose will have
the ability to do those things um but as
we get new guitars and we play through
them Parts get wore out and and
sometimes we don't even realize how out
of whack our systems are till we need to
really do something that um is is asking
guitar to work properly to make him
happen Okay so let's check it
[Music]
out okay so um for this example I'm I'm
still holding on to the pick exactly how
I would play regularly um and I flutter
the bar with these three fingers okay
this is what's getting the the hit and
I'm I'm not really hitting the bar
anywhere here it's sort of at the end to
get the most spring out of it okay and
and the whammy bar acts basically as a
pick you know no notes on this example
are picked um it's all whammy
bar pick for the for lack of better word
okay so what's happening is is that I
hammer on fairly hard on the first note
in order to basically sound the note but
as soon as the note sounds I flut with
the the with the bar and I'm sort of
moving back in a pull of action using
the sustain to to to make the other
notes sound and I flutter each note with
the
[Music]
[Applause]
bar so as I move from string to string
that initial note on the next string has
to be Fred pretty hard with with uh with
a hammer on okay so you really have to
put some pressure on the first note in
the
[Music]
grouping the ending is basically just a
harmonic off of third fret on the low
string as the bottom string is ringing I
just basically lightly touch the
harmonic on the third fret to ring it
out
out