okay what I'm going to show you today is
how to make your V cuts on the ends of
your hair bows or ribbons and also how
to fill it so it does not fray because
the ribbon looks to fray okay so the way
that I do it and I found the bed is to
take it and fold it in half meet both
ends and then just kind of hold that
really tight and then I take my scissors
and I cut a plant in word now I have
tried to cut it the other way but it
makes it frae worse and it makes the
line lot as straight so make sure you
cut inward towards towards the middle
and then you just kind of make sure you
miss your finger and cut towards it that
way and then the sharper your students
are of course the better this is going
to cut and then when you pull it out you
know you got your V now in order to fill
this what I normally do is to take a
lighter and I just go over it really
quick and just kind of keep going over
it really quick until it looks on us how
I want it and then now it's sealed now
if that's not perfect enough for you
what you can do is you can take a wood
burner and you can straighten this up or
you could have even used a wood burner
from the very beginning the reason why I
don't like using a wood burning on all
of them is if you've got a lot of bows
to make your wood burner starts getting
black on it and then it starts putting
black on the ribbon and you have to kind
of sit around and wait but if you take
your wood burner I mean all of this gets
hot so you can use the tip or you can
even use that depend
sighs ribbon i'm using will depend like
if I'm using really wide ribbon I'll try
to use that long barrel but for me is
always just kind of use the end and
struck go through and straighten that up
side just kind of make it more perfect
and at first when you first start doing
this it's a little difficult but as you
get practice it gets a little easier now
the other options you have a sill and
rhythm is some people use a candle I
never had any luck with a candle it's
like not very predictable for me a lot
of people like the lighters that are
really long but I make so many bows that
that gets a little expensive and the
other option you have if you don't want
to deal with burning anything its phrase
like liquid fray check or phrase block
now there is one that comes in the
notion supply at the like of the hobby
stores or so in stores it's in a clear
bottle it's got clear liquid in it I
don't like it it's very runny it's messy
it kind of actually asked me dry as you
can see it on the ribbon and I just had
no luck with that I found this and
handcuffs before they went out of
business but they also sell it at some I
think probably Joanne sells it and I
think I've seen it at hobby lobby it's
more for quilters and it actually to me
works better and it's easier to deal
with and it didn't do it but you know
bad about staining but you might still
want to check it and what you do is is
you would just kind of like put it where
you're going to cut at and you would let
that dry and then you would cut it and
it kind of forms a seal you know or you
I have also cut before and then put this
on afterwards you know you just kind of
have to play around with it and see what
works for you but really to form the
most secure and you know you need to
burn that some way and I'm just going to
put this disclaimer out there and yeah
you can burn yourself doing this so you
want to use extreme caution and if you
are a minor please get the help of a
parent or guardian and so that's how I
make my V cuts on my ribbon and that's
how I do it for every size ribbon