hey guys welcome back to my channel and
if you're new here make sure that you do
subscribe because that way you'll be
updated with all my latest videos I do
upload two times a week um if you're a
returning subscriber then you guys might
have noticed uh the background changed a
little bit um I might be filming here
sometimes and then my old like white
background too sometimes so it will
change let me know what you guys like
best but today's video is all about the
whites of our eyes and how to enhance it
naturally so the whites of our eyes is
something that we never really think
about and it is one of the things that
age on our body first so um that's
probably something that you guys have
never even thought about it's something
that I never even thought about but one
day I was looking at my eyes and it
looked very dull and then I see some
people that have really sparkly like
whites of their eyes and I was wondering
if there was a way to do that naturally
and I did find five ways for you guys
and I tried these out and they work and
they're very easy to do and I'm going to
share it with you guys today so a lot of
the factors that have to do with the
dulling of the whites of our eyes which
is called the scera I think that's how
you pronounce it um is your diet the
stuff that you eat can dull it a lot of
um times it is with age it kind of dulls
and turns into a little bit of a
yellowish color and so I'm going to show
you guys five ways that you guys can
enhance uh the whites of your eyes
naturally so let's get started so tip
number one is to eat a lot of fruits and
vegetables that are high in vitamin C
now one of my favorite things to drink
every single day lately has been carrot
juice so I like the odwell brand carrot
juice you can get this at the grocery
store and I will finish probably like
two of these a day not everybody is
going to like carrot juice but I happen
to really like the flavor and I also
noticed that overnight I see a
difference when I drink carrot juice the
next day I see a difference in my face
my eyes U my skin I really love carrot
juice just because in my experience I've
seen such a difference like overnight um
and it is jam-packed with vitamin C so
it's super good for the wipes of your
eyes now if you don't like carrots or
carrot juice you can also opt for like
papayas mangoes strawberries these are
other fruits that are really really high
in vitamin C tip number two is a hard
one for me which is to avoid a lot of
caffeine and sugars and fats eating and
drinking too much of these things can
cause dulling of the eyes or yellowing
of the eyes just because um the liver
can't really function proper L when
you're feeding it way too much caffeine
and way too much sugar and fat and it
turns into toxins that can dull your
eyes now tip number three is to use a
warm towel on your eyes so what I like
to do is take a small towel now you can
get these at the dollar store and then
soak it into warm water and then you
just want to put it onto your eyes like
that and just rest for like 15 20
minutes and what this does is reduces a
lot of eye strain and this is really
good especially if you're on your phone
or your computer computer your tablet a
lot you're looking at a computer screen
for hours and hours a day which is I
know most of us do that um it causes a
lot of eye strain one of the reasons
that this works so well is because it
relaxes the muscles of the eyes which
brings them back to being whiter and
sparkly tip number four is to get more
sleep now this is an obvious one because
in order for your eyes to be at their
best state you should be getting the
rest that you need and your eyes should
be resting uh instead of constantly
looking at the TV screen computer screen
um reading or watching something so you
should give your eyes a little bit of a
rest tip number five and the last one I
have for you guys is to drink a lot of
water so it's hard for me to drink water
so I like to get a nice fun glass or
like tumbler thingy so that I can kind
of just get motivated to drink more
water and I also like to add lemon and
cucumbers into my water just to make it
a little bit flavor ful cuz I don't know
just drinking water for me is so hard
because I don't know why but what I like
to do I have a bunch of these Tumbl
glasses that I got from Ross they were
like three bucks and so I got a bunch of
them because I think it's so cute and
it's so fun and it subconsciously
because it's fun um I kind of
manipulated my brain to thinking okay
drinking water equals fun because it's
fun glass and drinking water goes
together so I reach for this even more
just because it's something that I like
um which helps me to drink water more so
if you guys are like me and you don't
like to drink water try getting a fun
cup something that will make you grab it
and drink it you know something that
will motivate you to drink the water
this is something that is really
important because bright white eyes need
proper hydration so make sure that you
are getting the proper water intake and
you will see a difference in your eyes
so that concludes my five natural ways
to enhance the whites of your eyes I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you guys so much for watching subscribe
if you haven't um that way you're
updated with all my latest videos cuz I
upload two times a week and that way you
will never miss another video I hope you
guys enjoyed thank you guys for watching
and I'll talk to you guys in my next
video bye