[Music]
it is a beautiful fall day out here 70
degrees leaves are changing kids are
playing I'm wearing shorts but the other
night we got a gift gift from the North
a gift of 20 degree air now for those of
you using the Celsius scale that's like
super warmth but for those of us using
Fahrenheit like I am that's like 12
degrees below zero and it took a toll on
my gardener killed my tomatoes killed my
peppers cut everything that are left
down but I didn't let mother nature win
I'll go show you the carnage and then
I'll tell you what we're gonna do about
it
[Music]
so here's the cherry tomato plant the
frost got it or the rather the freezing
temperatures got it unless you judge me
for leaving all these cherry tomatoes on
here no there are 400 billion cherry
tomatoes on here
I ate 400 billion of them and there are
400 billion left but I didn't want to
just leave the tomatoes to die so I took
a few cuttings I rooted them and I'm
gonna plant them in my hydroponics
container in my basement tomato plants
produce fruit after reaching a certain
maturity and by cloning it and rooting
the cutting you preserve that age so you
can get fruit off a plant more quickly
than you could if you were to grow from
seed
[Music]
now to put everything together I have
chosen to use a deep water culture
system for this particular project it's
a single tomato plant in a single
container of water which I think cool
doc so I think will work best for the
purposes that I have I need I want to
keep a kind of a small plant in my
basement just to get a few tomatoes off
over the winter I don't need a giant
plant like I had in the garden so with
that in mind here are the pieces I'm
gonna use and I have 1/3 gallon
container add 1/2 inch net cup three
gallons is about 12 liters for those of
you that are not imperialists I have one
aquarium pump with two outlets because
everything to do basil a little bit
later I have an air tube I have an
airstone my candy bar I'm using the
three-part fertilizer flora bloom for
micro and flora grow grow my tomato I'm
doing this for multiple reasons one I
have it too it has clear instructions on
the back on how to transition a plant
from vegetative growth to bloom growth
to ripening things like that so here are
the tomato plants that I cut I cut a
piece off that had a blossom on it which
I do not intend to leave I cut a rather
regular branch off and a smaller branch
which sort of looked like it might be
sucker but I couldn't really tell which
ones are suckers so I just cut a bunch
off and I stuck them all the water see
what happened and as you can see they
all rooted ever seen one of them great
roots
I'm not sure if it matters very much
which kind of petting you have and
there's my basil back there which I'll
plant once it grows roots when I give
this downstairs I'll top it off but for
now I'm just gonna leave it with this
much water in it so I can still carry it
I'll bring it up to I'll bring it up to
nearly the top of the water top of the
bucket about the time I go downstairs
you can see on the back of these bottles
they have cutting the seedlings
general-purpose mild vegetative
aggressive vegetative growth transition
to bloom blooming and ripening and they
have different proportions of the
different parts so for this one I have a
cutting so I'm gonna go with super light
fertilizer of all three parts for the
first little while so this pump came
with two air stones which will probably
do just fine but since I don't know that
this one looks like it would be better
to me because it would provide more air
throughout more of the water
all right we're just gonna put
everything in here
test it out then I'll take it back apart
take it downstairs put it together
looks real good some people will drill
holes here but I'm just gonna not quite
close the lid all the way that'd be just
fine all right so here's my guy I'm
gonna pinch off these blossoms because I
don't think it's necessary at this point
to have blossoms nor do i wanted to
expend its energy creating fruit at this
point we're gonna take this guy put him
down like this such that the roots will
be in the water this Cup will be in the
water up to about here so that will be
fine
hydrogen in to hold him up
and we have tomato plant crooked tomato
plant
so there it is and it's not really this
crooked tables crooked that's better but
my cutting that I cut off my tomato
plant before the plant froze to death
rooted in tap water in my kitchen and
then transplanted into my hydroponics
container we'll check back in a month or
two see how this guy is doing I expect
them to have blossoms maybe even a
little fruits by then when you clone or
cut a tomato plant you don't have to
wait as long to get fruit as if I had
transplanted the seedlings of about the
same size it kind of preserves the age
of the tomato plant and this being an
indeterminate plant it will just keep
growing can't really clone a determinant
plant because once they have their fruit
on it they die and they don't really
keep going but a cherry tomato plant
being indeterminate is an ideal
candidate for cloning and transplanting
so I'm excited about this I'll check
back in a month or two and do a
follow-up video in the meantime I'll
post pictures on my Instagram account
there's a link somewhere in YouTube to
that same name and thanks for watching
see you the next one bye bye