foreign hi my name is John Holloway a
senior building surveyor with domestic
surveys on the following video you will
see us undertaking a sample of some
artex in a property because we know it
was applied pre-2000.
um obviously whenever anyone mentions
the a word asbestos people tend to panic
we'd like to just say that there's three
different sorts mainly that people refer
to you probably heard it called blue
brown and white before the blue and the
brown are amphi Bowl fibers so they're
nasty little harpoons those are the most
dangerous and those got banned in 1985
for use then you've got the white
asbestos Chrysler tile that was banned
from using to 1999 but we've said 2000
in the video because sometimes it was
still used at around this time please
enjoy the following video which actually
shows us doing the scrape samples and
the certificate issued at the end
okay so we can see here there's been
quite a serious water penetration issue
along the far party wall of the property
this is a pretty poorly done Loft
conversion we've got here we've got two
different sorts of artex which is can
sometimes be an asbestos containing
material if put up pre-2000 we've got
quite a light stipple here
and a much heavier stipple down here so
we will actually be looking to test both
of these substrates as a result
and we'll be looking to take composite
samples where we'll be taking scrapings
from more than one area
okay so first of all we moisten the
surface where we're going to be taking
our sample from we can use a spray can
for this and do sometimes and we're
going to do it in two separate areas you
know it's a small area of ceiling it
makes sense to do this so once we've
dampened the areas down slightly
we will then proceed to clean our tools
so with a separate web right we'll be
cleaning the Chisel which is a sharp
chisel with a plastic handle so we've
got no cross-contamination we've got a
new mask that we'll be using for this
one and we pre-label our bags as so as
you can see we've now taken the scraping
from three separate places of this small
three square meter ceiling we're now
going to look to seal up the holes that
we've made to ensure that no fibers are
actually being released we are wearing a
mask but you just can't see us obviously
and to do this we're using a paint
test the pot with a sponge tip on it so
we can actually seal it off properly and
ensure that no one else is going to be
damaged as a result of our testing when
we are actually potentially releasing
friable materials as a result so these
are the various holes that we've made
and we're just sitting them back up now
just to ensure
that nobody else is going to cause any
problems