[Music]
welcome to Tool Time at Kitchen
Conservatory I'm an Corey with a tip on
cheesecake cheesecake is just another
form of custard which means custards do
best when they're baked in a hot water
bath in the oven about 300Â° in in a
larger pan surrounded with water but if
you do that with a spring form pan
sometimes it can leak and then your
cheesecake batter is ruined and you or
if you do it without the hot water bath
in a spring form pan you don't get the
advantage of cooking in this low Gentle
Way with the hot water bath so this is a
10-in parish magic line cake pan that I
have baked my cheesecake in it doesn't
have a loose bottom it's just a solid
bottom cake pan but how do I get my
beautiful cheesecake out of it so here's
the trick I take the the cake and and
put it right on the burner on the on the
stove what happens is is that at the
bottom of the pan I have graham cracker
crumbs mixed with butter and this
cheesecake is cold and what by putting
it on the heat I'm going to melt the
butter uh thus being able to to um
loosen it from the bottom of it so once
my My Pan gets all warm from the melted
butter I take it over here and I take
one a cardboard cake round which is so
helpful take the cardboard cake round
and flip it
over look at that the cheesecake comes
out I take another cardboard cake round
flip it over again and my cheesecake is
ready to serve perfectly out of the pan
we made cooking fun at Kitchen
[Music]
Conservatory