hi everyone today we're going to learn a
new little tip hopefully it works this
is an experiment um I did some painting
the other day and I've got some acrylic
paint on one of my favorite hoodies um
and when I washed it didn't come off so
it's all dry now so I found out a way to
remove it hopefully so let's try this
and see if it works cross your fingers
okay so here's my paint so what it says
you do is get some
hairspray or any alcohol based thing
like um nail varnish remover you have to
spray it on the
area get a dry
cloth and rub Oh that's come
off see it
[Music]
moving
[Music]
try on these bits
[Music]
here it's a bit stubborn but you can see
it moving
slowly TR on this big bit in
[Music]
there
obviously you won't be doing this next
to a a naked Flame or anything like
[Music]
that I will be washing after this cuz it
has got dog a and bloody rubbish on it
while it's been lying
around right I'm going to come back to
this so I shall show you you in a minute
okay so I've kept going on it and I've
got a bit from there bit from there bit
from over there bit off the sleeve a bit
off the
pocket I've just got to work on this bit
and then that bit and I'll be happy so
let's keep going at
[Music]
it well well after about 5 minutes the
paint has
gone I'm so impressed with that this
will go back to normal once I've washed
it it's just cuz it's got the hairspray
there there and a bit there but once
I've washed it it'll be fine um that bit
the white it did take a bit more
scrubbing in the words of Bob Ross I had
to beat the devil out of it all it was
was just a spray and a
scrub it's a little bit sticky from the
air spray but yeah I'll give that a wash
now um but yeah very impressed so
there's a little tip for you any dried
acrylic put some hairspray on it or any
alcohol based liquid like nail varnish
remover um so yeah so I hope this tip
helped you first time I've used it very
very impressed um if you like the video
give us a thumbs up please subscribe if
you would um we will be doing more
videos in the upcoming weeks I have got
one trying to
upload but my laptop's not playing games
today so I think me and Ne are actually
cursed with laptops I really do um but
yeah I'll get that sorted if it if I
have to use a hammer yeah so I should
let you go thanks for watching bye