hey everyone this is Casey Duff of CEO
the house and today we're going to be
making slow cooker caramelized onions
it's best to cut all of your onions in
about an eighth of an inch thick it's
also a good idea to have a garbage bag
on hand that will make for very easy
cleanup later place all of your onion
rings at the bottom of your slow cooker
and toss with the olive oil it is a good
idea to make sure that all of the onions
are well coated before cooking before
putting that lid on I'd like you to add
another two or three tablespoons of
butter to the top as if the olive oil
wasn't enough place the top on and
you're going to set the slow cooker on
low for about ten hours this will allow
for a nice slow cook of the onions at
about five hours in I would like you to
take the lid off and stir the onions
this will allow for you to see where the
hot spots are in your slow cooker and
allow for a more even cooking of the
onions put the lid back on and cook for
another five hours when the cooking time
is done
I'd like you to drain the onions and
place in an airtight container you can
also take the juice of the onions and
make fabulous frozen ice cubes with
these onions that will be great for
future recipes for a list of all my
recipe ideas with these caramelized
onions and the ice cubes please go to
WWE
thanks for watching and the happy
cooking