hi I'm anupa and I welcome you to sanjie
kapor kazana today I'm going to show you
a recipe which is a very old recipe or
rather a very classical recipe it's
called chicken
[Music]
alak of course while you were studying
in college there were certain recipes
which were always taught like chicken
alak chicken stroganov so these are
perfected recipes which you have to just
blindly follow so I'm going to be
showing that recipe to you so um come on
and let's quickly run through the
ingredients we need chicken breast
butter assorted herbs I'm using Thyme
oregano and parsley garlic refined flour
eggs salt pepper breadcrumbs and oil to
deep fry so that's about it simple
ingredients but the most important thing
here is to make the butter and in this
case we have to make herb butter so for
which I have some softened butter here
with me now to this butter I'm going to
add some fresh
parsley some fresh
thyme some
oregano and my twist to the recipe would
be adding a little bit of garlic to this
butter so here I'm adding a little bit
of garlic okay so now that we've made
the butter we need to put this in the
chicken so how do you do that so we'll
use one chicken breast just leave it
like this and just slit it open do not
cut it through just slit it like
this so here we have the chicken breast
which is
slit now what I have here is a Piping
Bag so I just need to put all of the
butter into this Piping
Bag and here my bag is ready so you
first get the chicken breast back onto
the chopping board and open it up like
this yeah take some
salt sprinkle some salt over it and a
little bit of
pepper now take your Piping Bag and do a
generous piping of butter in the center
of the chicken
only like this let's make this one as
well
that's it
now cover it up like this and just tuck
this in and roll it
up yeah you see this lovely rad so just
take this part of the chicken cover the
butter like this tuck it in just tuck
this in nicely so that the butter
doesn't come out at all and just
roll and you have your
chicken there but now what you have to
do is we need to put this in the fridge
because the butter is
soft I'll leave it in the fridge for 5
minutes in the meanwhile we'll do our
crumbing ingredients
ready so now we need to crumb the
chicken for which I have a platter full
of refined flour I have breadcrumbs and
I need
eggs
so now that all our three things are
ready let's get the chicken out of the
fridge so what we'll do is we'll lift up
the chicken dust it with
flour after you dust it with flour dip
it in the
egg in the meanwhile take the other one
also dust it with
flour lift this up from the egg make
sure that the egg has coated the chicken
completely and at no stage would you
have any part of the chicken which does
not have the coating of egg because only
after It Coats well will the breadcrumbs
stick to the
chicken
and that's not
it coat it nicely keep it on the
side then take the egg once again and
the first piece goes back into the egg
and this time we'll do a double coating
of breadcrumbs because I have to be very
sure that the entire thing has coated
well or else in the oil if the butter is
exposed without any coating it is sure
to come out so now after you place it
use both your hands and give it a very
thick
coating especially at the folds where we
have joined the entire thing together
needs to be coated really
well so let's take another one so you
have the chicken is done it's well coat
I'm going to keep it in the fridge for
at least half an hour and after that
we'll fry this and I'll show you the
magic inside okay so the chicken has
been resting in the fridge for long the
oil here that I have is also quite hot
so just before I put it in I need to
check if the oil is really hot or no but
yes I can see because the chicken is
quite cold so when you put a cold piece
of chicken in hot oil the temperature
sure to go down so what I suggest is we
fry one piece at a time and not too many
so in this pan of hot oil I'm going to
just slowly slide in the chicken
alak and the other piece I'm going to
put back in the fridge you can also do
this with the help of fresh bread crumbs
where you can actually coat the chicken
with freshly made crumbs with white
bread so the color will be even lighter
in case of dried breadcrumbs which I
have used the color goes dark but I like
it that way like I said with any recipe
you can have your own um variations so
this option is what I have shared with
you the rest I leave it to you so the
chicken is
done let's remove this out and Fry the
other one as well so this was the
simplest method of making chicken ala so
the butter inside has melted and it is
perfectly cooked just cut it and serve
immediately this is chicken alak
espcially for
[Music]
you
I'm sure you all love our recipes so to
stay connected please don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel sanjie Kapur
kazana