hello guys this is from mrs. ivy
today I'm gonna be bringing you plant
whole number two and I've been shopping
for houseplants to decorate my home for
the fall so this is a Christmas house
plant collections of this plant here and
this plant here is called or northward a
long time it comes in a variety of sizes
and it's more like a tree than it is a
plant because it grows very large and I
bought three two of the same size and I
bought them from Lowe's and the smaller
size I paid five dollars in 98 cents for
that small one there and I paid five
dollars and 98 cents for that particular
small one deal there is a medium sized
one that I bought and I paid $10 for it
nine thousand ninety eight cents
they are beautiful plants and they can
be used just like a live Christmas tree
you can use them for that as you notice
they're already decorated with some
Ottomans even the small one was bought
with a few small ornaments on them and
I'm going to place some more condiments
on these trees right here
the Norfolk Island pine
so you want to keep this plant or tree
beautiful through the Christmas season
then you need to know how to care for it
during this period so I'm going to give
you a few tips and so how I'm going to
care for this plant and keep it
beautiful all the way to the end of the
year and then I'm going to come back at
the end of the year or probably the
first of the year and I'm gonna do
another video and show you I'll tell you
how you can keep this patent beautiful
year-round and it'll be available for
next Christmas in order for you to
decorate your home with our one of the
tips I want to give you about the love
for Allen pine is that it do it does not
like cold temperature if your
temperature is below 50 degrees in your
home then this plant will not thrive you
want to keep the temperature in the home
above 50 degrees for this particular
plant
also this plant enjoys bright light home
and that's one of the reason why I'm
going to place it in my living room
because in my living room I have this
large window and it gets not so light
but you do not want to place it in
direct sunlight you do not need to
fertilize this plant doing the month of
doing the winter months just wait until
it yes to be screened or summer to
fertilize this particular plant a
particular tree now one of the things
that helps this pack to thrive is high
humidity if you're living in a home that
has low humidity then this plant will
not thrive so to help out with the
humidity in your home there's two things
you can do and you probably already know
these things here one of the things you
can do is you can take a spray bottle
play some water in it and just miss the
plan it's missed it just spray all over
it but if you're going to be duffel
you're going to decorate this plant then
you might not want to miss this plant
you might want to use another
alternative to are missing it what I'm
going to do is I'm going to take a tray
and notice it's a tray right here and
it's tray is filled with these little
stones that I bought from Dollar Tree
but it's best to use rocks or either
pebbles I just don't have any right now
so I'm just showing you this is not what
I'm going to use I'm going to use
pebbles
I'm gonna buy some on tomorrow and then
place it in a tray and then you take
some water and it's water already in it
and you do not want to place it the
water do not need to come above the
pebbles and then you want to take the
plant and you want to take this
decorative wrapper off the pant and you
want to place it the pot on the pebbles
and that's going to help out with the
low humidity in your home and he wants
to keep it there are several hours
during the day and then you can remove
it and you want to do this every day
or you can just leave him there as long
as so it's not sitting in the direct
water sitting on the pebbles with the
water the plant should do well and as
far as watering this plant you want to
water it when this all feels dry or when
this plant seems to be a little light
weight and you can just pick it up the
town hour whether it's night or not or
you want to place your fingers down into
the soil and you want to test it and
right now that's all is fine it's not
dry so it does not need to be worried so
you don't want to place too much water
on this plant because you do not want it
to be soggy but a little moist well
basically that's the simple tips as to
how to take care of the northward a lone
pine up until Christmas time to keep it
beautiful and I hope you enjoyed
watching this video and I hope that
these tips help you keep your particular
house
and this particular house plant
beautiful throughout the holiday season
so if you would would you please
subscribe to my channel comment and
share this video and remember that god
is good all the time see in the next
video bye