[Music]
hi everybody not done a t-shirt video
for a while it's probably been about 3
months I've been very very busy on other
channels but um I've had a lot of
request though in that time for people
wanting me to show them how to use the
cameo silhouette cutter for
vinyls now my tutorials as you know is
predominantly for t-shirt printing uh
transfer printing but I don't go into
the vinyl print and although this is
very very capable of cutting vinyls out
and actually does a very very good job
of it as well so if you want to go into
the vinyl cutting Market I'm going to
show you a little demonstration now this
is a pile of t-shirts which we've got
here uh which we've just taken stock of
all many different types and we can
actually personalize quite a lot of
these for individual things just to put
them out cuz it's coming up to Christmas
and uh sell on Facebook and stuff like
that so the sort of thing I'm talking
about we just add
these basic plain kidy t-shirts again
we've just got all different colors
various sizes as well and rather than do
a whole batch of them and uh advertise
them we're just going to basically
personalize some of these with some the
easiest thing to do is to popularize
them uh populate them with slogans so
I'm going to show you one that's as we
get them the basic blue t-shirt there
that is a heavyweight child Ultra cotton
t-shirt that is a youth
small and what we've done just a simple
slogan again done with vinal and as you
can see there when I want something give
it to me that's just something we made
out off the top of our heads if you want
to put different quotes on there or
stuff like that have a search on the
internet for famous quotes and stuff
like that just to give you some ideas or
comedy quotes if you type that into
Google for example you'll find loads and
loads of quotes and stuff like that and
make some T-shirts with your slogans on
let's go over to the Cameo cutter and
let show you how we can actually cut
these out and make them right so here we
are over at the uh
Cameo uh cutter and the computer so if I
just turn you around basically this is
all you need you can need either a
laptop or a normal PC and your cameo
cutter we don't need the printer for
when we're doing cutting vinyls this
doesn't print onto the vinyl this is
purely a cutter for those of you who
know about the Cameo cutter it's uh it
can print it can cut up to A3 size I've
got my roller on the A4 size cuz we use
our transfer papers which are A4 so
we're not even going to alter them so
obviously we go to turn the unit
on by pressing the on
button we're not going to be using a
cutter
mat for cutting uh our vinyl out we're
going to be putting the vinyl straight
into the actual rollers cuz this has got
the facility to actually accept it so
we're just going to leave The Cutting M
underneath there and we'll go over to
the PC now and we'll just fire
up our cameo silhouette software we're
not using any photo shop or anything
like that we're purely using the
software that has come with this cutter
which is the silhouette studio now this
is version 3 which you're going to see
loading now at the time of me making
this video but they do change the layout
now and again uh I wouldn't worry too
much about that so initially first of
all we're going to go to the little tab
up here which has sort a sheet of paper
on it with two arrows when you hover the
mouse over it that says open the page
settings window so that is that
basically there that opens up the page
settings tab here so what we're going to
do
here is we've put our paper in the
portrait
position not landscape we're leaving it
onto portrait like that and we've chose
normally if you've got the uh cutting
mat you would choose like the 12 by 12
cutting mat window there which I'm sure
those of you with a cameo cutter would
Rec recognize the cutter there or you
can use the A4 one which is the one down
there which is what I'm set up for which
is that one there I've got that cutting
mat which as you can see is the A4
cutting mat there for when we're
sticking our transfer papers on so
that's what it basically looks like next
to the screen but as I said to you we're
not using the cutter mat so the cutting
mat we're going to set to
none and that's what I've just done
there and all you're left with is just a
blank page
now all I'm going to do now is to click
on the text tool which is basically over
here as you can probably see there it's
a it's a capital A and if you just click
on that that brings up the text style
window now this is where you can
actually choose your font for example
for uh your text so for example if I
just scroll down there I'm going to use
a font called it's a nice font actually
it's called hobo standard where is it a
b CDE e FG hobo standard which is there
and once you've selected your font I'm
just going to click the uh cent of the
text so I'm going to click that and
somewhere on the page just put the mouse
on the page and click anywhere and then
you will get the flashing cursor now
don't worry about the size or anything
for the moment because we're going to
adjust that in a minute I'm just showing
you how simple it is to get going to cut
vinyl on this cutter so I'm just going
to type onto the keyboard what I want
written and the way I want written so
we'll stick with the T-shirt one which
we've uh just worked out which was when
I want
something and I'm going to afterward
when I want I'm going to just drop it
down a line by pressing the enter button
and
something
and then I'm going to have us go down to
another line put a little Dash in there
and then go down to another line and
then type in the rest of
it when I want something give it to
me I suppose I could put a capital w in
there and the capital
I just if I'm being picky and the F I'm
just capitalizing all the first letters
there we go when I want something give
it to me so basically all I've done
there is typed on the page the text I
haven't done anything else and all I'm
going to do now once you CL once you've
typed it in right so basically what we
need to do now is to reverse this image
so if we just click it and that then
brings up the size of the image as you
can see it is 6 just over 6 in in width
and just above 4 in in height now what I
want to do I want to find out what size
I want this text so if I go over to our
t-shirt as you know all the t-shirts are
different sizes this is a youth small
size there so I'm just going to get a
tape measure I've just laid that t-shirt
out and I'm just roughly looking at what
size I think would be best in the middle
of that t-shirt now this one for example
I'd
say maybe a width there of say 7 in so
my main criteria is that I want this
whole text to read uh 7 in wide and
that's will cover me from there to there
but I'm quite happy with that so if we
go over to our
image you can see see there that this
text at the moment is 6 in wide so all
you do on these windows these little
square boxes around the edge as you can
see if you hover the mouse over it the
ones in the corner will actually when
you drag them out when you hold the left
Mouse button down and drag them out they
will actually make the size in scale and
make them bigger if you actually just
drag the ones in the middle one there
and one in the side they will just
stretch so they would stretch the
letters so you don't want to really be
using the stretch ones you want to
really drag it out to keep the the
letters looking as they should do so I'm
going to grab all of one of the
corners I hover the mouse as you can see
this just me left Mouse button I'm going
to be using take it over one of the dots
in the corner the little squares and it
turns to a little pair of arrows put
your left Mouse button down and drag and
as you can see the figure which we're
interested in is the width we want that
to go to 7 in so I'm just going to
continue to
drag 6 and 1/2 in 7 in in near enough 7
in there we go I'm just over 7 in there
which is perfect and that has gone to
about 4 4 and 1 half Ines in depth so
I'm quite happy with that 7 in was my
main concern and that's basically what
I've got so once I've done that I need
to go up to the object window at the top
there because this needs to be mirrored
and what you do is press object
mirror flip horizontally and you'll see
that go and actually change around it's
now in in the reverse so basically that
is just where we want it so I you can
move this on the page anywhere you want
I'm just going to put it uh just drag it
up to the top corner of the page
there and I'm quite happy with that uh
procedure there so basically that is the
text the right way around and the right
size with the cut lines so I'm going to
go over now to the cut settings which is
the little second one in at the top
there and it comes up cut settings so
I'm going to click on
that and now this shows us the setting
up window now down here you've got a
load of different material types again
depending on what you're um what you're
going to be cutting I'm going to be
cutting standard white vinyl so I'm just
going to scroll down there the one I've
chosen is heat transfer
material which is smooth they do two one
for flocked and one for smooth so I'm
just going to click on the smooth and
that opens up this window here and it
gives you the speed which is already
already already set it and it's giv you
the thickness and it's also giving you
an
indicator there on what depth to have
the blade now that is on number two as
you can probably see there so what you
do you come over to your cameo
silhouette cutter you open the door and
your blade is situated in this little
cutter housing you half a turn that pull
the blade out and as you can see this is
the actual blade here now with a load of
numbers around there and there's a
little red dot on there I don't if you
can see that and to adjust it it's on
number two there's a little pointer in
this little thing there so it will only
go in one way and as you can see once
it's sited in there you can turn that
around and actually click on different
settings so it's telling this number two
cutter we've set it on number two and
make sure that you drop the cutter back
in and make sure it's fully home and
fully down and then lock it in place
half a cut so that is the cutter at set
up
now everything else is set all we
basically need to do is to choose our
vinyl as I said to you we've chosen uh
just a white standard vinyl I buy this
on the roll but you can cut this to
whatever size you want and you can
basically feed in um up to any sort of
size up to where the rollers are so I'm
just going to basically cut a square
out I know roughly what I want again you
could you could all all all have all
these actually preut or you can buy them
in sheets as well now I'm feeding it in
this
way and what you have to you've got two
sides one is the shiny side and one is
the sort of D matte side the D matte
side is the glue side and that goes up
facing up in the cutter so I'm just
going to put it under the rollers there
as you can
see and once we've got that under the
Cutters all you basically do then is to
press the enter button there's a little
dot on there which says load cutting
metal or load media if you press the
down
arrow it goes to load media and then
just press
enter and the media actually goes in all
we do then is come over and click Send
to
silhouette that will now cut
out exactly what we was
um
[Music]
printing
[Music]
right okay right so that is now just cut
that out and very faint you probably
can't see it but I'm just going to start
we in that out by taking out the little
bits of the
letters as you can probably see there
and this is your weeding out now as you
can probably
see again don't go mad when you're
pulling this
off but you start separating the
outer
vinyl
from in fact I'll cut that off
there otherwise we be wasting too much
so if I just chop that off
there here we go that's a bit better is
it so now we can start to pull this off
again and so just be careful don't go
mad when pulling
it and we're looking for the outer stuff
to come off first like that so that's
the outer stuff
off and all we've basically got to do
then is to go around and just take the
middles out where the middles have been
left and to do that you have one of
these little pick tools and literally
just hook in and pull
away on all the O's and stuff like that
and it's best not to have letters that
are too small I've seen people make
really small uh
letters mostly when they're doing breast
logos and stuff like that for pockets on
polo shirts and stuff like that and
really you can have a big trouble so you
know although you can um cut quite small
on this it's the weeding out that's the
problem afterwards for the little in
between of the letters
so as you can see here it's a pretty
straightforward procedure and quite
simple but you really need one of these
little pick tools you can get these on
eBay they're called a weeding
tool and there we go I think I've got
them all out so that's what we've
actually cut out and when you turn it
around
there's our phrase now this paper is
nice and sticky to attach to our t-shirt
so let's go over to the heat press and
put this on a t-shirt right so here we
are over at the heat press now here's
our t-shirt as you know now I'm just
going to place this on the T-shirt
press and I'm going to press it just for
a few seconds I normally do a 5sec blast
and that just removes all the moisture
out of the T-shirt so there we go as you
can see there's loads of moisture on
there and and that don't help when
you're trying to apply labels or any any
sort of sticker onto your uh t-shirt the
moisture can actually play Havoc with
them and stop them from sticking so
again I tend to go around all the
Garment and not only that it also
presses them as well cuz a lot of these
have been in storage so it just helps
with the um presentation of it all as
well so and then just flip it over a lot
of people don't bother doing this but I
do it's just part and parcel of what do
so that's only a little quick 5c five or
sixc
blast and then we know basically that
we've got a nice flat t-shirt to work
with to put our label on so if I bring
our t-shirt back onto the workbench you
can do this on the Press but it's just
that I'm showing you here and it just
makes her life a lot easier cuz we got a
nice open space so here's our slogan and
I'm just going to position it for by
eye where I think it looks like it's
going to be okay and then just stick it
on now again you could always safeguard
that by just double checking the way I
double check is I look at the seams on
the sleeve and providing I've got an
even gap between like the letters at the
top from the sleeve to the the end of
the first letter from the sleeve to the
end of the first letter that's near
enough correct and uh maybe three or
four fingers down to the top of the
right in I'm quite happy with that so
I'm happy with that location on there
that's stuck down
we take it back over to the heat press
lay it back on there I always push the
collar over the back so that we're not
actually pressing on the actual collar
as well I take the Teflon sheet and I
cover the whole lot
up so that we don't get any Scorch marks
on the t-shirt and this vinyl is a cold
pel product and it is uh
150° for 15 seconds but I do an extra 5
seconds so 20 seconds
so pull it down it's on high pressure
number eight we got 17 16 15 seconds to
go whatever this is an auto clam uh heat
press where automatically pops up but I
just put my hand over the top there the
manual ones after it bleeps you normally
have to pull up yourself but uh this one
is an auto open one but I'm just holding
my hand over there cuz it will pop up as
you can see up she comes I just take
that
off and now all you basically got to do
some of these are hot pill these are
cold pill the reason why I use cold pill
ones is because you can actually layer
over another cold pel transfer with a
different color for example if you like
but that's what that is let's cool down
a little bit
now so I'm just going to use that back
now pulling it
off and there we go another perfect
garment printed with vinyl and as you
can see nice attractive one that one so
we've got that one there just done and
we've also got that one there two lovely
printed garments there don't cost a lot
of money at all and you've now turned
them into a nice little product with a
little slogan on and anyone can do this
if You' got a cameo cut or even a cross
Robo let's go back over to our cutter
again back to the cut cutter software
once you go to close the page down in
the top left hand corner top right hand
corner click close do you want to save
changes to this own title document we
say
yes and we're going to call it when I
want something give it to me t-shirt so
we'll type that in so basically when we
shut the program
down and if you want to print one of
them t-shirts off again you just go to
your silhouette Studio software you go
to the second icon there which is you
open up your file for your
folders and you find it when I want say
give it to
me click okay and it automatically comes
back up again with all the settings
saved so all you have to do basically is
to load your media into there it could
be a different colored vinyl for example
and basically all you have to do is to
press centor silhouette cutter and cut
and that will then cut out another
t-shirt vinyl on this now again this
isn't a in-depth tutorial on how to do
this I've given you some basic
information there on how to start
printing these fantastic Graphics onto
t-shirts you can do exactly the same
with images as well that I'll point out
to in another tutorial but you can have
so much with slogans for example like
that put comedy slogans on there back or
front or whatever and sell them into
either Facebook or whatever or even on
on eBay but you know you'll have a lot
of fun with Christmas coming up with
different there's so many different
phrases different comedy phrases
different catch phrases for example
people love things like that nice and
simple so durable as you can see lovely
lovely let's try and get you quite near
don't you can see them properly lovely
lovely uh quality on that and don't
forget you have to do it in white you
can get black vinyls you can get glitter
vinyls you can get puff vinyls just
change the settings in your cutter
experiment with him it don't cut first
time then try a different setting or try
a little depth uh change on your actual
uh cutter itself and you will find the
right one it's just though this is just
a standard clothing vinyl the standard
settings work from the supply which I
get my vinyl from so I mean it's not
worth leaving a message to me say no
I've tried it at that cutter and it
won't work just thought it yourself play
about yourself I've just shown you how
simple it is to do you can can have a
lot of fun and make a lot of money doing
this sort of stuff anyway hope you
enjoyed this little tutorial thanks very
much don't forget to rate comment and
subscribe to my channel if you want some
more of these sort of videos give us a
shout and I'll do a few more cuz I'm
sure that I've covered transfer paper
Printing very well uh as much as I can
really this is a new Venture for anyone
in the transfer printing Market where
you can actually take these
professional looking garments to Market
with your own personal slogans on or any
other famous quote or say
okay thanks very much see you in the
next video bye for
[Music]
now