[Music]
welcome to everyday health tips one beer
wash one pour a glass of beer in a bowl
and keep it overnight let the beer
become flat 2 firstly wash your hairs
with your regular shampoo and then apply
beard on your scalp and hair strands 3
massage for 5 minutes and rinse your
hairs with water avoid conditioner if
you have oily scalp 2 essential oils in
beer 1 the ill effects of alcohol
present in beer can be minimized by
adding some drops of essential oil to it
to add few drops of lemon oil to
eliminate smell of beer and dandruff
from the scalp 3 adding jojoba oil in
beer nourishes and moisturizes hairs 3
ICV in beer one I see V impaired helps
in maintaining hair health and provides
deep cleansing of hairs to add 4 to 5
tablespoons of apple cider vinegar 2
flat beer wash your hairs with regular
shampoo and then pour this mixture from
the scalp to hair ends 3 leave for 10
minutes and rinse it with water
skip conditioner if you have oily hairs
thank you for watching subscribe to
everyday health tips and stay healthy
[Music]