hey guys it's Jeff from pressure luck
and if you thought my gumbo episode was
a little controversial wait until you
see this one guys we are making it this
today in the instant pot that typically
takes hours to do and it's a whole
process and it's no surprise it's an
incredible incredible Vietnamese dish
and it's called [ __ ] not pho it looks
like the word pho believe me I used to
call that all the time but I've been
corrected and it is now [ __ ] kind of
like that Cee Lo song [ __ ] you this soup
mr. soup that's made by masters chefs
who make an amazing pho I have my
highest respect in fact anybody who
attempts to make one has my highest
respect but in this situation guys we're
gonna do it in the instant pot and it's
totally gonna be a recipe that if you
are really authentic and a stickler for
[ __ ] you're gonna just not want to watch
us anymore because this is a recipe that
it's gonna give you a result that tastes
like an incredibly deep rich [ __ ] but
doing it in a far far less conventional
way in the instant pot and it's super
quick to the point of it actually being
a joke and you're gonna have a foie that
will in my opinion rival any other fight
you've ever had in terms of the broth
and the richness and the flavor and
dissin credible so guys I can't wait to
see how YouTube translates this video
with the automated Google captions by me
saying feh so much so let's go to the
instant pot and make some amazing ba now
the first thing you have to do before
you begin anything else is to cook the
noodles it's these [ __ ] noodles you see
it looks like pho but it's [ __ ] believe
it or not bon [ __ ] and you'll find in
your supermarket under rice sticks or
even pad thai noodles now these types of
noodles have many different sizes
there's small medium and for medium
large extra-large you want to go with
either medium or small size noodle so
the larger the size the wider the noodle
medium is more comparable to a
fettuccine a small is more comparable to
a linguine
but anything larger than that you're
gonna get like a pappardelle or
something like that do you hear how I
just did that with my voice that's like
my mother when she tries to say month
mozzarella she says what's a tail I'm
like who are you kidding you're a Jew
from Brooklyn so you don't actually ever
boil these noodles in water like we do
typical like egg based pastas we don't
do that what we do with this is we
actually just take the boiling water and
pour it over this so you can boil water
separately and then we could serve it
individually so bring some water to a
boil
and then get a pot deep enough like a
soup pot like this a nice decent sized
one and we're gonna put our foot noodles
inside the pot and because it's just the
two of us and this is a 16-ounce attack
I'm just gonna add about half of it in
there it's like about 8 ounces of
noodles worth and again this is exactly
why I'm not adding it to the soup right
away because I don't want them to cook
in there if I added the entire bag in
there it would just sit in there and
they knew it would stop up if there any
leftovers we don't want that to happen
and then take that boiling water and
pour it over the noodles or you can just
drop the noodles in the pot with this
boil the water and just turn the heat
off and make sure the pots no longer
boiling and after a few moments in the
middles being in there to start to give
them a little bit of a stir around like
that and you're gonna see it's already
gonna start to move around these are
very very delicate noodles guys that's
why we have to cook them like this and
we don't boil them in water because
they'll become mush but you simply take
the boiling water and bring it to the
noodles and you see that cloudiness
coming off the noodles into the water
that's a good thing okay so now we want
to do is we want to let our noodles just
sit in the water the entire time we are
making the [ __ ] let's let them sit there
that's what's gonna cook them the waters
eventually gonna get cool but again
we'll leave them fully submerge in that
water the entire time so now that we
have our noodles taken care of let's
start with a medium yellow onion and
let's slice it up nice and thinly now do
you see how thin I have this slice
that's exactly how I want it to be and
we can just you know separate it if we
want to as well but definitely make it
nice and thinly slice just like this
okay now I'm using some chicken
tenderloins or you could use some
chicken thighs if you want to but these
are boneless and skinless tenderloins
that I'm using for this again not
traditional for a really or Foe because
you usually put the whole chicken with
all the skin on there in there but like
I said this is my version it's a quicker
version and I'm telling you it's gonna
taste wonderful but again but it's gonna
be using about a pound and a half a
pound and a quarter or so of some of
these great chicken tenders or thighs
and I'm gonna cut it up into pieces
about this size just like that all right
and to those who like more precise
instructions other than just finger
snaps since not everybody can seem to do
that I'm going to give you a little
quick little demo how I'm cutting the
chicken I'm taking each tenderloin I'm
taking a good knife I'm slicing it right
down the center just like so and there
we go my chicken tenderloin is now
halved and I just gonna go here and I'm
just gonna slice each half up again
the center like this see that and then
just cut it again so there we go there's
the size pieces that I want just like
this got that alright guys so now
because we're making this faux super
unconventionally and super quickly much
more quickly than the traditional
methods we need to not sacrifice our
spices these are super key and they're
totally necessary to having a proper
deliciously tasting pho now these three
things are cinnamon sticks which are
easily found anywhere whole cloves which
are also easily found anywhere and then
some a nice star or star a nice or far
release or niece and nephew or whatever
you want to call it again it's a nice
star or star anis they're our little
star looking things and they smell like
black licorice but don't let that fool
you or freak you out I hate black
licorice myself but they're gonna make
everything taste amazing this is
different from a nice seed if you can't
find this in your supermarket because
some places might be a little more
tricky to find this you can totally
order it online and I'll link in the
recipe but make sure we use all three of
these spices there are no substitutes
hearing some cinnamon sticks some whole
cloves and some stallin ease so now
let's go to our instant pot and we're
gonna add our spices in there and then
give them a little bit of heat and toast
them up in there okay we're gonna begin
with our cinnamon sticks I'm gonna take
two of them and I'm gonna break them in
half and then I'm just going to add them
inside of the instant pot now I want to
take some whole cloves I'm gonna use
five of them and I'm gonna throw those
into the instant pot and then I'm gonna
take three a nice star or star anise or
shanise I like your smile whatever these
things look like burnt charred little
starfish and again this is different
from having a nice seed you want the
full star anis by the way so try to get
that and I'll link it in the recipe
throw that in there too so I'm gonna
come down to my control panel here and
hit this saute button and I'm gonna
adjust so we're on the more or the high
setting now let's let that pocket nice
and heat it up we want to toast this up
for five minutes so halfway through the
five minutes just stir everything around
in there whip everything over make sure
everything gets you know nice and
toasted on all sides and then we'll come
back here in a moment and we'll remove
it from the pot all right and after five
minutes of this toasting loose in the
pot let's just remove it and now we're
going to crush it in a bowl just take it
all of it out of there make sure all the
little remnants are out of the pot all
the cloves all the star anis all the
cinnamon sticks so now if you have a
mortar and pestle type Scituate
here that's gonna come in really handy
if you don't you can just totally do it
in another method you know you can you
put it in a bag with some napkins over
it or some paper towels and use a mallet
and bang it up but I have a mortar and
pestle so I'm going to use it and just
crush everything up it completely
pulverized but small enough so we should
look like this and we're done nice and
coarsely crushed up just like that
perfect now what I want to do is I want
to transfer all of our crushed spices
here into a metal tea ball or a little
spice bag to put inside of your instant
pot what I want to do now this is really
kind of come in very handy there's also
super super cheap online just a few
bucks and I'll link to it in the recipe
and you're just going to open these up
now and I'm just gonna take everything
that we've put in here all the large
substantial pieces and put it inside of
the little tea bowl or get a spice bag
if you have one of those or you can see
my little tea bag method hack if you
don't have these things and don't feel
like buying one just put it in there
okay and there we go perfect now I'm
just gonna take my little metal tea bowl
here and I'm just gonna securely close
it up by doing the latch just like that
and there we go guys all of our spice
right in this little metal tea ball it's
gonna be so easy to just remove from the
pot when it's done no worrying about
fishing anything out that might have
came out of there but this is also a
super key and critical element to making
this foe taste like out well now I'm
gonna come back to my instant pot and
it's surgery already be heated self when
we cook the spices in there we toasted
them up I'm gonna add in one tablespoon
of an extra virgin olive oil and let
that heat up in the pot for about a
minute and after we've had a couple of
minutes for an oil to heat up now we're
gonna take our onions and we're gonna
add those into the pot and then just
stir them around get everything nice and
coated with the oil we're just gonna let
it sit here until it gets a nicely
slightly you know browned and a little
bit maybe even charge so this would take
a couple of minutes just tend to it and
watch it give it a little bit of a stir
because their onions are so thinly
sliced they're gonna cook very quickly
again this is a super unconventional way
to make this dish but again my spin on
it and it's gonna be done in the instant
pot and we're gonna have some really
really tasty results here I promise and
once our onion is starting to look like
this in terms of color like the brown
this you see that's going on down here
we are done let's remove
in the pot with some tongs and set them
aside great all right now let's focus on
our chicken loose through the bottom of
the pots a little bit Brown now from the
oil and that's totally fine let's just
add our chicken now to the mix and dump
it in there and then just mix it around
in the pot now while the chicken is
cooking in the pot I'm going to take
some toasted sesame oil or regular
sesame oil I'm going to add over the
chicken a tablespoon of sesame oil what
we going to do this for about two
minutes stir that all up in there and
then this deglaze and scrape the bottom
of the pan make sure that all of the
chicken has a white color some pink
showing is still okay by the way now
let's add in a tablespoon of crushed
garlic as well as a tablespoon of some
crushed ginger I'm using the spice
bullet squeezed ginger you can get it at
Costco I love this stuff so easy I'm
gonna dump that in there too and give it
all a good stir together in the pot the
garlic and the ginger with the chicken
and after about another minute of
stirring with the garlic and the ginger
in there our chicken is starting to look
absolutely perfect it's a white
throughout I'm gonna add in 3 cups of
chicken broth and 3 cups of beef broth
and then stir all that together and make
sure you de Glace the bottom of the pot
and that means just use like a wooden
mixing spoon or whatever makes them
spoon you're using it to scrape the
bottom of the pot with the liquid in
there now now we're gonna add in 2
tablespoons of fish sauce now this stuff
smells really pungent by the way you can
find this in most supermarkets it's
really very simple to find in the Asian
section or wherever they sell that kind
of stuff but um it's really gonna smell
very pungent but trust me it's necessary
for this and don't be grossed out by the
name again totally necessary and totally
amazing so 2 tablespoons of that as well
as 2 tablespoons of a hoisin sauce this
is like a plum sauce the kind of stuff
you typically get with moo shu pork if
you can't find this in you supermarket
not all have it an Asian market will
certainly have it or you can absolutely
buy it online the link in the recipe and
the last thing we want to do is just
drop that metal tea ball in there and
then stir all that together now secure
our lid make sure that we're in sealing
position so now let's come back down to
the control panel and hit keep warm
cancel and then I'm going to hit
manual or the pressure cook button
depending on your model hit that I'm
gonna adjust the time so we're just
going for seven minutes on high pressure
and that's it guys
super simple so while the broth is
cooking let's prepare our toppings for
the fluff I'm gonna start with one
jalapeno pepper by slicing it up and
just like so it's a little disks like
this and then take a lime or two and
then cut them up into wedges I'm gonna
take one 14 ounce can of bean sprouts or
however you want to do your bean sprouts
drain these are in liquid obviously so
drain these and then just set them aside
there we go and that completes the
toppings I'm gonna be using for my fun
that includes the lime wedges the sliced
jalapeno the bean sprouts and some
people's favorite ingredients of
all-time some cilantro leaves that I
just ripped off with some fresh cilantro
stalks and now we can do whatever we
want if you want mint on there too some
people like that put mint in there if
you hate bean sprouts of cilantro don't
add it if you don't want any jalapenos
don't add it I mean if you want jelly
beans in there put jelly beans in there
for all I care just enjoy it however you
want it have it your way but the crown
garnish you're all gonna want in there
for sure are these delicious browned
onions don't forget about those alright
and now that we're done we're gonna do a
quick release so the pin just drops and
let's take the lid off and there is our
footba looking amazing alright guys now
let's go fishing let's take a slotted
spoon and get that middle tea bowl out
look at that on the first try it's gotta
be some good luck huh take this and
let's just gonna simply discard this
okay well don't discard the ball to
score my things that's in the ball rinse
the ball and then save it for another
time we want to make more fun you know
what I mean okay one final step in terms
of seasoning now people are gonna call
me crazy for this and we're gonna rip me
up and whatever don't care my [ __ ] my
rules we're gonna add in now one
teaspoon of seasoned salt and stir that
up and now it's time to tend to our
noodles and that you see how crowded the
water is after putting the noodles
inside there after submerging the
noodles in there for so long and letting
them cook it's going to release that
cloudy color which is perfect you'll
also notice that the pot is nowhere near
as hot as it was when the water once
went into it at first and the noodles of
course just taste them and make sure
they're just right bye-bye now after
they've been sitting for all this time
they should be perfectly ready to put
into that stew so great these noodles
are done the perfect and taste in a
perfect
texture and color and so now we are
ready to prepare our bowls of so we're
gonna start by adding some noodles to
the bowl not a ton just about that much
that's perfect right there
and now we're going to add in our broth
make sure you get plenty of broth and
plenty of chicken but the broth is more
important to make make sure everything
is covered in that broth all right now
put in some jalapeno peppers in there I
could do this in quadrants by the way
some bean sprouts over here some
cilantro over here and a lovely lime
wedge right over here we have to put
some of that delicious onion right on
top I'm using my hands because this is
my bowl of pho if you're handling
someone else's fault
wash your hands and of course a
finishing touch of some chopsticks over
here and a nice big spoon over here and
it is time to serve this baby up I've
never been more excited in my life I am
so [ __ ] excited for this pho there's
a deep rich broth the flavor it's
exactly like a foie except it took so
much less time than the typical fuzz
take to make it now not detracting from
those at all those were obviously some
serious serious fuzz but if you want to
make one that's really very simple with
it really easy to get ingredients that
you could do super quick in the instant
pocket pair to the other process this is
the one to use guys I'm telling you
you're gonna love this recipe oh wow oh
the onions are special they are special
it's use two onions if you want honestly
in the beginning because the onions are
incredible the bean sprouts give it a
nice consistency the noodles are cooked
to perfection having them just soak the
entire time is perfect and I love
cilantro so I'm very happy with the
cilantro I mean I would normally never
say go [ __ ] yourself but I didn't clean
this situation you should really go [ __ ]
yourself wah not the other word okay
the chicken is similar to what kind of
chicken you would get in like a chicken
soup it's so good and how about some of
these noodles huh hmm I love noodles
oh boy you can recreate some lady in the
[ __ ] right here if you have a loved one
you're eating this with mmm chopsticks
down one of the best and tastiest foes
I've ever had
but an absolutely no time at all and
it's so easy to do again this is
definitely not your typical fun that you
would spend for hours and I mean no
disrespect to those fine chefs who
create them but
again this is such an easy and quick
alternative and it is completely full of
rich and deep flavor and that broth and
you can use any topping you want
whatever you want to put on there do
whatever you want to do and guys if
you've been watching my videos you know
that I'm obsessed with Asian foods
obsessed with them and this is no
exception this is one of the most
satisfying and hardy noodle soups you
can ever have ever the onions are just
amazing guys if you enjoyed these
recipes that are easy to follow and
really really really delicious go to
pressure low cooking comm check out all
the recipes I have over 100 more even
coming every single week
hover over any photo and you can see a
little Save icon up here in the top left
corner then you can pin the recipe to
any Pinterest board that you want go to
facebook.com slash pressure cooking and
like the page tons of updates coming out
for you when new recipes drop some great
tips great sales on items you don't want
to miss those either and of course at
pressure lock subscribe to me on youtube
Instagram Twitter I got it all guys
thank you so much again and I am so
[ __ ] excited about how glitches
tastes
[Music]