so this is my latest baby latest as in
that I just have a ton of them all the
time this is Gemma and Jemma's never had
this puree we are today making banana
raspberry puree super easy delicious and
this is going to be her fourth food
she's already had banana she's never had
raspberry so this is the first time so
to start the recipe you're going to take
a whole banana I like to use an or
organic banana always important to use
organic foods for babies right
right and then we're going to use some
fresh raspberries just place them into a
mini pre food processor and whiz them up
until they're nice and smooth and when
you're finished this is what you're
going to have this beautiful puree
that's naturally sweet you don't need to
add anything to it and it's bright in
color nice and pretty and pink for my
little girl Jemma you want to try this
what do you
think what do you
think well I mean she's eating it it's
got to be pretty good going in for more
that's always success for more fast
fresh and easy recipes especially baby
food recipes like this and more check
out elias. don't forget to subscribe and
leave a comment below telling me what
your 7mon old old would like to be
eating right about now what do you think