[Music]
my name is sandy I can welcome to public
up simulates her hair and roguelikes
when your boyish should we know the gum
blow in the biggest bubbles the world
has ever seen guys before just race
through it
I won't know in the comment section
right now what is the biggest bubble
that you have blown in this game
this games been a few days I've only
just got the chance to play it so
hopefully I can blow like a ridiculously
huge one and see what happens but it's
me going fun let me know in the comment
section what the biggest one you've
blown is dboys currently a beginner I'm
blowing all the bubbles right now all
the bubbles you see it's right my mouth
it's getting its getting bigger on my
mouth look at this we're blowing the
bubbles we're blowing the bubbles my
bubble size is now full so that's the
biggest I can geillis I gotta go try and
sell it overnight where'd you sell where
do you sell the bubbles over here boom I
mean I'd 50 cash money bonus I'm just
got a reward for doing that boy claiming
that reward yes boy so can i buy
anything straight away right now like
some new flavors so once mu5 increase
the capacity I've got 25 capacity I got
yet so the gum flavours no the gum is
the like I'm like a backpack what are
the flavors do haha they give you like
ah they give me like double bubbles and
stuff right sweet
no no she could buy pets as well at pegs
you know you boys doing today guys you
legit know what your boys doing today
so we best get on that bubble hype we
best get on that bubble hype right now
damn boy my clicker nevermind click
these coins collecting
how dare you steal the coins your damn
phone right we're going to sell this one
twice we're on fire where did you time
fire blowing even more bubbles right now
at some point we thought like these
pools don't we that's what we need to do
at some point but I should have enough
money very soon to go and sell damn Sun
run fire let's quickly claim his rewards
I got the rewards let's get a new gun
she given at stretchy gum it's a 45
capacity
huh you boy we're buying it all right so
did you change the color of it now no
it's still pink I suppose you're gonna
get a new flavor for that to change
every way I suppose we do right so how
do I get to these areas then so we got
to discover the floating island port on
like this disk of all the other ones so
where is it any port I can actually
physically go through what's up there
can I jump up on that stuff hold on boy
hold on I'm in the wrong area sell today
sell yeah I just sold rewards as well
click in the wall it's collecting
collecting collecting and do not jump on
the trampoline
well obviously I'm gonna jump on the
trampoline right now even more rewards
your boys on fire these rewards oh okay
okay where do I go next how do I get up
there I found I'm right okay right we
could do this twing dying but no I don't
answer that one how do I do that one
then right whoo
am I in it I feel like him in the cloud
oh I kind of go to that one am I stuck
how I do we need to go I can't you
answer that one damn game
damn so we jump in though but doing it
is so fun I grabbed that then let's trim
that down so you got more rewards to
clip and we got 500 cash money moon lies
in the bank what can I say guys what
legit can I say so how do I get this
then so help of Googlers over here disc
white discover how do I get to these
areas I have a thousand taking all the
coins in for like that now we kill me we
actually doing pretty good but actually
I'm pretty good so let's go for a new
gun and I'll spend 900 and getting 100 a
semi capacity just so we've got more now
can I get more with the flavours 175 for
blueberry who is he blue boo air blue or
purplish it actually does right so why
does that then we're gonna what I'm
gonna kick some more coins to the more
coins your boy collects the richer we
become like this I'm fire right now
damn boy why you got two more rewards to
collect get him get him get evil six
point eight six seven oh my good god
that dude he's collected a big bubble
right now he's on fire with the bubbles
here's the jump fire man I can't wait to
get to that size whoa baby
see the bigger the but we get the
quickie at the biggie jump is that how
it works I have no idea even more
rewards to collect collecting gadem 830
we've now got flavors so good we could
get the pizza one which now it does four
per click might create like a pizza
bubble I think so let's run and collect
all the monies
damn two more rewards just done like
that guys we're on fire right now I'm
watching these rewards I'm watching them
we're getting all of them don't even
care anymore
create a painter sure what as weird as
it sounds
does pizza bubblegum exist like the
flavor of it is that a thing I don't
even know I bet you it is somewhere in
the world it sounds weird but also it
sounds like a thing that should exist
Pizza flavored bubblegum is that even
right is that literature even right I
don't even know if anyone's had pizza
flavor bubble-gum let me know in the
comment section down below right anyways
click these rewards Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
okay the only ones that we've got 1800
so you can be upgrade the the capacity
so we could possibly go to this one or
if I save it a bit more on your fridge
it for that it won't take me long to get
that so we're good for that instead it
seems more reasonable your boys on fire
taking all the bubble gums
all the bubbles and all the guns right -
more awards completed damn son we are
killing it I think it is this one - more
over here I'm just clicking for days
don't you be carried aboard don't even
care right claim the reward let's get
back over here so gun this one by we can
outdo 300 bubbles in one go damn boy
damn and we clicked all this at the same
time yes please let me complete all
those quests
by your 30 coins of Thor God bow from
done again why the other ones by the way
click free gems we don't have any of
that stuff just yet do we
does your boys trying to create the
world's biggest painter bubblegum right
now this is delicious it is delicious
right we're very close now to kind of
completing this right sell it for 1500
we need to go bigger and better than
ever and at some point we need to open
up one of these eggs oh I can afford to
do one right let's we put up an egg
what's he gonna give us Oh No discover
the body okay
I'm livin over can we get anything other
than a pet a bunny
oh we're gonna dougie nice nice nice
next please please be a different please
be a different one it's a kitty we have
three different ones in a row no way
well what do we do these hold on let me
claim pets
so did I have stats so the best one is
the bunny we quit we can equip free at
once okay and what do they do differ all
getting +8 right now oh dear God GG
zinyak gg gg everybody well this has
made things a lot more interesting a lot
more interesting mm-hmm rewards claim
I'm just gonna go in to sell this right
25,000 right now gum gave me something
good
so for five thousand Oracle was the
biggest capacity do I spend a mother
capacity on that I mean on my money
yeah I'm gonna do that just because we
should about to get the money back even
quicker this is crazy
we also have increased jump speed too so
when if we can make any higher now on
the other stuff but I came that reward
but how high we jump it holy moly right
can I go any any further
this one's higher yeah well he's trying
again
blowing where are we what can be jump
Heights you now oh so close let's try
this one here champagne oh we made it
right where we going next
there's one right there jumping through
the clouds oh we're going places guy I
should really clicking the bubbles -
we're going places guys we are so high
right now it is crazy right jump jump
jump where to next boy where to next
gotta get to that one have a knife are
you ready Wow
can I make it of course they can make I
am a jumping champion wasn't it oh yes
look at some of these pools next oh I
just got the floating island xemina but
not the pool
I don't know I'm gonna jump back down
and never look yes I have your boy look
at all this blue this blue this bubble
is blowing up we're nearly a thousand
nearly a thousand terms of its size
right now yeah by killing it okay nice a
thousand champion
alright can we go for the pool where
you're taking us what are we going to
see is it that finger yes that finger I
was just um wasn't it right sky chest
regal it gives a 9k holy moly right we
can jump pretty high but can I use this
oh my goodness me we are going so high
right now let me try that again
I gotta discover with a book whether
yeah trampolines are right is there one
there no I give the jump on this one
well it's whatever here though oh and
you would even higher oh my good god
don't even that's how high we were
jumping
I jump again come on that one yes I just
made that one where we going next
o city AK you're falling you're falling
down boom right let's go again nice no
trampoline here doing baby
guys we're so high so are you right now
dere what is that I see the ones have a
bead on this game I need to know gun
this jump even higher where we land in
oh this is all clouds and stuff guys
we're so high I hit something no I'm
falling back down no done chenkov ow oh
we've ranked guys we've wrecked them big
time and now we're at the map and I was
falling to our death
well that's actually pretty cool we
actually got really really high there
right let's claim all that let's
actually sell this and get some money
back right there we go got 16,000 what
flavors can be by that's 16,000 the
watermelon does 22 bubbles so what's
that in so now 26 plus the pets let's
spend some money let's buy a spide egg
and what do we get back for this it is a
new pet it's a mouse nice no coop little
mouse mm-hmm
so I wonder a buy-sell yeah I got enough
now to bind of one of those spiders
let's see if I get these these pets
should be better than the previous ones
we got a wolf look kind of dope doesn't
it right let me get these click-click
pets then so a mouse who is pretty good
unequip the dog unequipped the key
because I feel like you had the wolf and
the mouse are so much better
so now we're doing 28 babbles a time
yeah boy getting even more rewards but I
need to get up to the the Space Wing
don't I so I try my best to kind of get
up there let's just click these got it
it's all mine it's all mine oh why
should you move trampolines you got a
bigger boost you ready
buying my god
got it got it jumping again but we had
to take it easy this time we're gonna
take it easy we got this any trampoline
ones I can land on what there's one
there I can't even see it goes up the
things in the way like don't click now
Sendak there's no need to click right
uh-oh the same things happening again
let me just jump on this one no it's an
it again why I gotta find a way to get
around that
no let's hit that finger lever it's like
the I think that's the next thing I
gotta get to isn't it where we get to
this and I've got trying ways I've got
to try and dodge it so the best way to
go over this way ah we just come in
space okay we got to space so whatever
happens now it doesn't really matter but
can I land on space yes you boys lending
on space by boom rupiah we're in space
right now there is a always like space
eggs and stuff and there's a space door
can I set up here I need to sell what
can you buy from here gum
oh it's space flavored gum guys okay
right right right right right right
there's eggs how much of these eggs oh
you buy these are they little Chris we
haven't even seen any of those you have
we we kind of haven't well if I was to
go be doing in the oh it's on these
rocks okay how much you get for each one
got a 9 there how much in this one
number 9 there but how much of the eggs
worth oh thank you for the eggs the
cheapest one is mm Wow
it's expensive it's expensive but let's
click let's go back anyway cuz I need to
sell this big-ass bubble that I have
right in front of my face how many one
locked it no way where we got ten
thousand them ten thousand right okay
let me go back to the space when you see
the actual physical prices because I
feel like we should be buying these and
nothing else so gum the cheapest ones
fifty thousand flavours the cheapest one
sixty five thousand yeah the grind
begins again we gotta get as many of
these gems as part I can't get any high
right now is then we're just going to
sell this stuff that's not the poor
right let me tell you sell this stuff
right now then so let's get rid of this
we've got twenty thousand in the bank
right I got some gems as well so let's
try and buy some pets it's buy some pets
first I can afford to buy true these
pets please magma eggs oh it's a fire
deer that looks actually pretty dope
isn't it you know this one's gonna be
pretty dope I grabbed this one which
this next one gonna be it is a inferno
dragon holy moly these are pretty beasty
alright let's take these rewards pets
okay so we're gonna an equipped the weak
ones
so goodbye Mouse and replace it with the
fire deer
I let the inferno dragon oh my god it's
so good which one I have these two don't
get rid of no the bunny of this one that
one's got eyes free cash this one
doesn't I'm gonna get rid of the bunny
and then equipped the inferno dragon
which means
I'm doing 143 bubbles a time right
rewards claim the reward I need to
upgrade my gun so I've got 120 thousand
mythical gum 130 thousand that's what I
need that's the JIT what I need some ink
as big as that by itself so I need a
hundred and thirty thousand what's my
rank I'm a gum specialist where does
that put me still quite weak down okay
fair enough all right let's get ready to
sell this so poppin and now I'm gonna
buy the gum it's over 20 it's 25,000
capacity I have them let's find out yes
so we've got that now oh no III
unencrypted it what am i doing equipped
so then this is this gone forever
meaning I could do some big jumps or you
do some big boy jumps holy moly
try land on the planet oh no we falling
back down to earth guys right we'll take
the trampoline are we gonna fall back
down again really you'd do that to me
[Music]
we're gonna hit the planet we've hit the
planet guys right what we were to now
then 15,000 can we land on Mars try to
land on Mars guys right jump again easy
mate easy
then they'll create their one point
freak a oh no I hit the planet Oh Landon
mud this land on this one is fine oh it
should be sideways no it should be
sideways I can't see I can't see Makka
give you high dam now right damn it why
is it so difficult why does he get so
difficult guys all right come on look at
this there's nothing to land on now this
is terrible right boom I'm trying to
dodge the planet that you hit right
number one point free cake boom one land
on this yes no Derek we go we've fallen
my dad's a - oh no I bet same we for my
dad to the floor again but we're okay
right gonna land on that no this area is
so much harder right keep going alright
we got this now where we going next boy
trying to dodge this slightly is it dude
in a bubble right we have to land on
this jump in can't go into this bit yep
should be able to I was so close I felt
like I wasn't gonna do it then right up
we go again come on to this rock now I'm
gonna miss this one as well uh how we
falling back down to the ground right
fine fair enough I'm reaching my limits
now I'm seeing where my limits are we
need to get bigger and better
whoo okay so is there any way there's no
way to set up here is there
which is kind of annoying but we'll go
back we'll salvus that should give us a
pretty pretty penny again BAM
a hundred and sixty-five thousand what
what's going on a good backpack size
next then for the gum oh yeah we did
into the millions about them
we need into the millions so the grind
has literally just gotten real and I
think this is where we ended eyes we see
me progress cream affirmative make sure
you smash that like button down below
and until next time I see you all soon
so good
[Music]