[Music]
how realistic did that slime look and
hey everyone welcome back to awesomer
kids I bet you guys thought I was
sticking my hand in some real Nutella I
tricked you but don't worry you can play
the same trick once I show you how to
make it you just need a few ingredients
that you probably already have lying
around the house we're going to need an
empty Nutella jar brown paint white glue
a bowl and some laundry
detergent all right let's get started
let's pour an entire bottle of glue into
the bowl
[Music]
now I'm going to pour in a little brown
paint and mix
it
[Music]
you can keep adding as much paint as you
want until it reaches your desired
Nutella color I'll add in a little
more
[Music]
and that color looks pretty
good now I'm going to pour in some
laundry detergent that's what's going to
turn it into
slime I don't have an exact measurement
for this but basically I just keep
pouring in detergent until the Slime
isn't sticky
[Music]
anymore
once it starts sliming up like this I'm
going to go in with my hands and knead
it all together I'm wearing gloves so my
hands stay clean but feel free to get
messy
[Music]
after a while it should look like
this it doesn't stick to my hands
anymore which means it's ready to play
with doesn't this really look like
Nutella I love Nutella it's a delicious
hazelnut spread it's basically an excuse
to put chocolate on your bread if you
haven't tried it I would Al recommend
[Music]
it let's go put it in the container this
container is going to keep the Slime
nice and fresh for when you're not
playing with
it
let's dig
[Music]
in oh man if this was real Nutella this
would be a complete mess but a tasty
mess
[Music]
when you're done playing with it just
put it back in the container and store
it somewhere safe preferably somewhere
that's not near food you wouldn't want
someone mistaking this for real Nutella
or would you Mah they'll go in with a
big spoon and dip in and be like what is
this sorcery who ate all my Nutella with
how realistic this looks you could
definitely trick
someone if you like this realistic food
video make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and let me know in the
comments what I should make next well
this was a lot of fun and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe to see more
[Music]
thanks
[Music]
oh