we've spotted an easy all-in-one system
to replace the basic chore chart it's
called family do dots and it's the
ultimate Family Tracker Kate Basset is a
mom and former special education teacher
you and your husband came up with this
idea from what I understand which I have
to say it's genius but uh an effort to
calm the chaos in your own home right
that's right yeah we were at a point in
our lives where things were very chaotic
and it felt like our house was always
messy like a tornado had rolled through
the house day after day and we were
exhausted our kidss were fighting they
were not motivated to do anything and my
husband and I looked at each other one
day and said there has to be an easier
way to parent so we put our brains
together and we work to create this new
family system and it was a huge
Lifesaver I think as you were describing
that I think all the moms out there were
nodding uh-huh uh-huh now help so how
does this work exactly so a few things
that are important to know about it with
its success is that it works for all
ages so kids from 3 to 15 or 16 17 can
all use this same system by using these
white magnets they um can be manipulated
and moved around to customize to each
child and um it also has all of your
chores in it but it also has um behavior
um your practice time goals any kind of
chart you might make for your family is
in this one system so that's why we call
it an all-in-one family system and you
say it basically runs itself it does
yeah that's the great part about it
after you get it going it runs itself
and one of the responses we've had from
parents that we didn't expect is that
they say they love that the board tells
the kids what to do instead of mom or
dad constantly telling the kids you need
to you know clean your bedroom you need
to do this this this now the kids just
go to the board they can see what they
need to do and it lightens the load for
parents right they're not the only
person reinforcing that this needs to be
done the board speaks to and the family
I understand you put a lot of research
not just into the system itself but into
what motivates kids to actually get
things done what did you find yeah so my
husband's back and our background are
both in young childhood you know
education as well as psychology and so
we looked into a leveling system and we
tried lots of different ones and came
down that kids really just needed two
levels and the first level is basic um
where they start each day and that is no
privileges so there's no playing no um
Electronics friends anything like that
so level one consists of the dailies
like cleaning your bedroom doing your
homework putting in your practice time
those are just expected yes yep and so
when they do a level one and they
accomplish all those things that's when
they get the color dots it starts black
first and then it flips over to colored
when they finish those and then they
move down to level two and now now they
get their Privileges and now they can go
play and have fun and do the things that
they enjoy so that's the reward
component yes well that's the kind of
the Natural Rewards and that's the thing
we wanted to do with this was have
Natural Rewards as part of it not just
always giving our kids items and things
and toys and things that cost money yes
so but we also did include the extras
because all kids are different for
different personalities and so they can
earn tickets on this row right here and
um we they just stack their magnets each
time they earn a ticket for good
behavior or for cleaning their bedroom
without complaining anything like that
and as they earn the tickets then those
tickets go towards purchasing items in a
family store way to go I always say the
best family ideas come from moms who see
a needs so way to go for jumping on it
where can we get one of these or get
more information about go online family
dots.com and right now we're having a
studio 5 special for 10% off for anybody
that would like to purchase it fantastic
Kate thank you you