hey folks it's josh tony rich farmer
welcome to the farm vlog today today's
gonna be a pretty fun day we're going to
install metal edging around our
flowerbeds here at the house so I'm
finally getting caught up on some of the
big projects like over here where we
planted grass seed and stuff if you
haven't seen those vlogs I'll post links
to them at the end of the video I've got
things around the house that need to be
caught up so we're gonna get busy on
that we're gonna show you how to install
this metal edging for your flowerbeds
and it's pretty cool then make it in
brown they make it in green so come
along today well have some fun and make
this place pretty alright
[Music]
Kal ranch baby so guys before we get
started with today's vlog I want to show
you something I'm really proud of I
don't know if you guys follow every vlog
but I bought some seat covers for this
Dodge Ram Pickup and the seat covers
were in horrible shape we paid $3,000
for this big old 2500 Dodge Ram truck
and we're slowly but surely working on
it and getting it to the way I want it
check out the inside man this thing
looks great
check that out this is a $99 am truck
and we put the dash cover on here and
you can see there's some cardboard on
here I was fixing up the windshield
wipers but man the carpet came out nice
this is the new seat cover that we put
on still got a tear right here in the in
the driver's side seat but man what a
great truck now something that's really
funny about this truck I hadn't cleaned
it since we bought it we've probably had
it about no know 2 or 3 months and guess
what I found a bonus in the truck
underneath the seat Goonies gremlins and
gremlins to read so folks I don't know
if you're like me but I've walked by
this stuff I don't know 200 times and
this is what it is it's just like a four
or five inch metal heavy-duty landscape
barrier that you could weed eat up
against you can bump with your lawnmower
it's not going to hurt it and it's
basically held in place by little stakes
that go in through here and each piece
comes with two stakes on each end so it
comes with four stakes what you need to
do is break the stakes off with the pair
pliers just a big old pair of pliers
basically they just pop off hopefully
they pop off there we go so they just
pop off and then we hammer those in to
the little slots now you got to be
careful
they say wear gloves and the wear eye
protection while you're doing this but
basically these little pieces just lock
together and then these little stakes go
into the slots pretty cool pretty simple
now we'll take you over here and we'll
show you the flower bed all right cow
rant so folks you can see this flower
beds just kind of all over the place
right now I've got lots of weeds I've
got some lilies coming up and I've got
some pretty as aliens coming up too but
everything's kind of
just not looking so good so this is
going to be the start of making it
pretty and basically we're going to take
it back now I know a lot of you people
may have just bought a house or
something like that and you want to
dress up your flowerbeds and make them
look nice and I really think this stuff
looks nice so to start our end we're
actually going to leave these are the
two little stakes here we're actually
going to leave those stakes in and we're
gonna start our end right down here and
we'll put this side to the inside okay
so the side where the stake goes is
going to go toward the flowerbed and the
smooth side which you can see here see
there's a smooth side and then there's a
raised side so this side right here will
go outward toward the lawnmower and the
weed eater so we can weed eat up next to
it pretty cool let's get started so
sometimes the most intimidating part of
a good project is just getting started
so I've been meaning to do this for at
least two years when we first put our
home here on the farm I wanted to do
this the tools you're gonna need our
nice big pair of pliers I'm using a
rubber mallet and maybe we can use the
rubber mallet it may have to get a metal
mallet I'm not sure and you can use I
have a sawzall to walk sawzall or
reciprocating saw but you can just use a
hacksaw you need I protect you and
protection for your hands you need some
gloves I'm probably not gonna wear
gloves for most of this but I may use
gloves if I see fit
well let's set our tools over here out
of the dirt and we'll get a start we'll
get our first piece here and basically I
want to line this up with my flowerbed
edge okay it would probably help to have
mrs. Stoney Ridge here to help me but
it's okay we'll get it done I want to
match it up with my sidewalk right here
and I know that I'm going to be
extending my flowerbed out this way a
little bit which leaves me a little bit
more room for planting flowers and stuff
like that all right so we've got our
first little section lined up right here
I'll bring the camera in closer so you
can see so here's our first little
section and we're basically just going
to line it up with a sidewalk and we're
going to knock this little stake in
pretty simple then we're going to go
ahead and we're going to knock the
second stake in and we want to make sure
that it's nice and straight and level up
and down
would kind of give her a little twist
and make sure she's good and then we'll
move on down this way folks this stuff
couldn't be more simple okay so we're
just gonna drive our stakes in and
basically we want to make sure that
we're in a good spot here okay a good
level spot we don't want it to go up and
down up and down up and down like that
so you may want to take a little shovel
with you in order to straighten out your
flowerbed to that'll kind of help or you
can just take your hands and rake rake
back a little bit that'll be fine too
okay we'll take our stake drop it in and
tap our stake down pretty simple stuff
pretty cool at this point we're going to
go ahead and we're going to get all of
our pieces and we're going to lay them
out throughout the yard here and get
started rock and roll with this thing
get moving
now ladies you might be watching this
thinking hmm that stuff seems too heavy
it's really not all that heavy I'd say
each piece probably weighs somewhere in
our neighborhood of I don't know eight
to ten pounds so it's really not all
that heavy for folks who can't lift
really heavy stuff you can handle it
don't worry
[Music]
so we're to our next section right here
and basically we're going to take and
break loose our little stakes that come
with this package and just bend them
back yeah pretty simple this is the only
thing that requires a little bit of
strength you have to have a little
strength in your hands I know you break
them off and then we'll lay them up here
where they go
this little piece goes underneath it
kind of locks into place here
let's get you a close-up so this is the
first piece we laid down and here is the
second piece and basically they just
ride right on top of each other and then
you take your stake and you put this
little ridge to the inside drive him in
there all right there then we lock them
in place just like so make sure this
piece right here fits nice and flush and
even and then we'll take our mallet and
we'll tap it down make sure we're in the
place that we want to be take our mallet
and tap it down tap it into place just
tap it in very light tap rubber mallet
works just fine now from this point
forward will basically just continue on
around the flowerbed continue knocking
stakes in supporting them and basically
will support them at each joint and then
we'll go back in and we bought some
extra stakes we bought I think 40 extra
stakes to stake the center areas and
make sure everything looks straight it
looks nice pretty simple I'm gonna get
busy just in the nick of time my
neighbor Tony shows up so he's gonna
help me up and we're gonna help him out
here in just a little bit - we're gonna
put some new lights on this golf cart so
that'll probably be the next vlog pretty
nice we're gonna go ahead and run this
thing we're gonna get busy with it
alright guys so we're matching it up
right here sometimes you gotta dig a
little bit in the flowerbed match it up
you can just basically drop one of these
stakes in and be sure the rib on the
stake is facing the flowerbed drop it in
then get the next one and drop it in
take your rubber mallet tap it into
place now we're going to be working
around a turn right here this stuff is
really really flexible so it makes it
really easy to make beautiful round
flowerbeds I feel like we're gonna be
using a lot more of this stuff
throughout the farm it just makes things
simple easier to mow up - easier to weed
eat and easier to weed the garden or
weed the flowerbed so if you get a spot
that's not quite level you can just tap
take your rubber mallet and just tap it
right down into the ground I'm learning
as I go just like you there's a dog turd
down here I've got to be really careful
not to get in that dog turd okay guys I
don't know about you but I just love to
work outside I just love to build things
and look back at what I did and be proud
of it or be ashamed of it and fix it
later really fun weather is beautiful
today it's nice to do something to take
a little pride pretty awesome so folks
we were getting it done here it looks
nice we've got a few more to put up and
we're gonna go ahead and get busy I just
thought I'd show you how this stuff goes
up how it installs and what it looks
like so we'll take and fill in our
flowerbeds right here with some good
garden soil and put some more flowers in
it'll be beautiful thanks a lot guys
we'll see you next time on Stoney Ridge
farmer please subscribe to the channel
click that like button take the time
right now
pound that like button if any of you
guys have any experience with this stuff
or have any advice please post me a
comment down below alright thanks a lot
we'll see you next time
bring-bring
[Music]
Pierce we had some ways opposed to me
stone Tyrion
hey Tony
smile can I please have the son back any
chance I could get the son back
sometimes the biggest part is having
your camera aimed properly Cal ranch
baby