good morning pepsy Doodles I did this
video yesterday and there was no sound
so we're going to try this again um
today I'm actually going to do a DIY
video holy crap I haven't done one in
like forever I feel like and we are
going to be making mason jar candle
holders now I cannot take responsibility
or credit for that's what I meant I
can't take credit for this idea because
it is all over Pinterest it's all over
Facebook um my sister-in-law actually
showed it to me and I made a few and I
absolutely love them but we are going to
be able to put a little bit of a magical
Twist on these which is always wonderful
so let me get you guys a couple of
things that you're going to need so
obviously mason jar candle you're going
to need a mason jar um you can either
get you know you can literally do any
size you want the two that I made were
the larger
size and I don't remember if these are
quart I think these are quart and pint
but um you know you can get larger you
can get a little bit
smaller you can do like super teeny and
do like a little
tealight I mean even if you want to go
off of not having a maze dry you can
even get like glass bowls like you can
do the sky is the limit for the
container that you
use we are using hot glue so
glass is your best bet here um speaking
of hot glue get yourself a hot glue gun
now this little guy it's literally a
mini hot glue gun it was
$2.50 actually I think this was $2.99 my
bad at Joan Fabrics um and the little
glue there's there was a package of 10
um glue sticks and these were 250 and
these were actually 4 % off when I went
so like five bucks little over five
bucks gets you a glue gun and glue
sticks and you really don't need for
this project you don't need any bigger
than the mini this is just a low temp
mini glue
gun um next you're going to need the
decorations for your mason jar so I got
some of these um Little Gems and I don't
know what they're called they're like
these colored stones
that you can get at craft stores I got I
found the cheapest to be Walmart um you
know I've already made two of the large
mason jar candle holders and I still
have half over half of both of the bags
left um so I got like an
aqua uh teal color and then purple so um
you know they come in big bags you can
also get smaller bags for like $250 um
these were $5 a piece so you obviously
don't have to get two you can just get
one and it will work for two of your
candle holders I guess depending on how
many how many bedazzles you decide to
put on
them um you can also get some other
goodies if you want like these are I got
these from Joann's um they attach to the
lip of your um mason jar so that you can
hang them there's ones for wide mouth
and then ones for the small mouth or
regular size um so you can either get
both of these if you want to turn them
into hanging candle
holders
um I think that's all I got there so
what you're going to want to do is if
you're going to turn this into a
magical hanging candle holder or regular
candle holder or if you're going to use
it for Magical purposes um you're going
to want to grab your candle and you can
use you know whatever is going to fit in
here um if you want to use an actual
candle you know your tea light or um the
little votives you can do that if you
want to use an
LED tealight or a votive um they have
[Music]
LEDs apparently something scared the
crap out of patches outside um but if
you want to get the LED lights um you
can get those as well and those are kind
of nice just because if you want to fill
the bottom
of your candle holder with herbs or that
type of thing you're not running the
risk of catching anything on fire um but
I personally like the look and the feel
of an actual flame candle so that's what
I used in
mine um so you're going to want to you
know open Sacred
Space um you know you're going to want
to really put intention into everything
that you do so starting by the candle
even if you want to make your own candle
to put in that's even better um but you
know I just have a
uh get my little guy I just
have a little guy that was used Uh Kevin
used these on our engagement and so I
still have a bunch of them um these last
a little bit longer than the tea lights
the tea lights and normally get you
about 2 2 and 1 half hours um so you
really want to go to put all the
intention of what you want to use your
candle for or just overall protection
overall love um overall magical energy
into your candle into your jar into the
pieces that you're using um and you know
once you start putting your pieces on
you know you can um you can put it into
each individual piece you can put it
into the bag you can put raiki onto it
you can wait till you're all finish and
then put energy into the whole thing um
you know you can actually
put uh symbols using these onto here um
and you know as long as you're using
glass you can really use other things
you can hot glue
um herbs onto the outside along with
these you can use Stones you can use
crystals you can really really do a lot
with these um I you got mine for um
outside use so I just used these and I
started at the bottom I just put a
little dollop of hot glue started at the
bottom worked my way all the way around
um and I will show you what my look like
I made two here is my purple one
and once they're lit at night oh my God
they are beautiful and they really do
project that purple and I have some of
the little white pieces um you know they
project those colors outside of the
Mason jar and they're absolutely
gorgeous so here's my purple
one and here is my Aqua T1 so these are
going to be ones that hang outside for
me um but I am going to be making other
ones I'm going to go back and I'm going
to get different colors for the elements
and I'm going to make an elemental
candle set for tealights um for my
witchy room and I may even get some to
put on Etsy just with like either these
smaller little mason jar or some of the
bubs so I mean like I said these are
absolutely endless you can do so much
with these and I am so excited to see
what you guys come up with so I hope
that you guys have have a lot of fun
crafting and I will see you all later
don't forget to follow me on Instagram
um because I did make a new Instagram
account for all my witchy goodnesses
it's Pipers Hollow so it's instagram.com
Pipers Hollow um and I post a lot of my
witchy daily goodnesses on there that I
don't always get on to Facebook so
anyway I hope you guys have a great day
and I will see you later bye