[Music]
with all the fun accessories out there
don't be afraid to embellish your little
black dress with belts beads trim
anything like
that hello this is Angela wolf fashion
designer and online instructor and we
are back to the little black dress
another technique for the neckline I'm
going to show you how to add lining a
lot of times we had lining and it's
attached to the facing the facing like
we did in the last lesson but what about
if you have a really light fat Fabric or
you don't want that facing to show
through just take a look at this dress
here I attached the lining right to the
fabric there's no facing here you're
probably thinking how does that work
especially with the curve of the
neckline because here this is the same
cut of that dress the curve of the
neckline stretches cuz that's bias so
there's a trick you have to do here but
this is so easy so if you get really
frustrated with facings or you have a
lighter fabric this is a great way if if
you need to add lining just cut the
lining the same exact way as your
pattern just trim 1/8 of an inch along
the neckline and the arm holes and
you're good to go so here I have my
lining and my dress just like this and
I'm going to go to the sewing machine
and I'm going to stitch it doesn't
matter which one's on top which one's on
bottom but I'm going to stitch with the
blue side up or this purple so you can
see I'm going to stitch with a 1/4 in
seam allowance in case you've missed the
last few lessons I trim all of my curved
necklines to 1/4 of an inch because it's
easier to stitch
around and then you don't have to trim
or put Little Snips inside to make it
turn just Stitch all the way around
here I'm just using a basic 2.5 Stitch
you can use whatever you need for your
fabric it's just it's just a basic
Stitch
now your pattern might call for what
they call stay stitching and that would
be just stitching which helps to which
helps to stabilize your neckline but
it's not enough for this lining
technique so I've attached the lining
now I'm going to take remember from
before twill
tape start if this is the center back so
this would be where your zipper is right
here you don't need to start that close
just start about right halfway maybe
like 2 inch away from that back I'm
using a mini neckline here so I can get
to this whole lesson for
you attach the Twill tape again the
technique is not so much about pinning
it but to hold that twill tape like this
and allow the fabric to feed
through got a little messy there go all
the way
[Music]
around
again stopping about 2 in from the
end so now I have twill tape and I have
lining I've already finished that with
this sample here I'm going to show you
this one was one that was enclosed all
the way which I wanted to show you that
as well all I did was take the light
this twill tape all the way
around there's the lining
like
this and flip this in flip your lining
inside now if you're going to line the
arm holes as well you're going to do the
neckline first because you can't just
Stitch the neckline and then Stitch the
arm holes because you can't turn it back
inside out so here we go I'm going to go
press this see how it kind of puckers a
little bit we want all of that lining
and the seam to fold to the back I'm
pressing from the front because I just
want to make sure that I can't see it
you don't want the lining popping out
again pushing it to the back just
slightly all the way
around but we're not quite finished yet
we have to do one more step
here that looks pretty good that just
gives it a little push to the back for
when you start stitching
again
whoops we're going back to the sewing
machine I'm going to slide this under
and here I have the lining and if you
watch the v-neck neckline this is very
similar all of the facing underneath
here is pushed towards the lining
side I'm just going to do a little
segment here so you can see this I'm
going to stitch 1/8 of an inch from the
edge of the
seam okay we're going to stitch all the
way around or if you're doing just like
a back zipper like that last sample I
showed you let me get this out of the
way so you can
see let's go a little bit further on
here so this is what you end up with
you've got this stitching along the
lining and when this folds to the back
I'm going to press this again but look
at how nice this L you can't see it the
whole key is that the lining pushes to
the back and that stay tape makes that
happen just like along this Edge the
lining is this far from The Edge so that
is how easy it is to add lining to any
dress that you have even if it doesn't
have a pattern for it