I'm Donna Emory from Glover Nursery in
West Jordan Utah and today we're going
to learn how to grow Gerber Daisies this
is a gerber daisy it's native to South
Africa I believe so it's not hearty in
cold climates but it makes a great
summer annual or container plant it will
grow in most soils and in most locations
I think filtered shade is best if you're
in a hot climate like ours the one thing
you have to watch on Gerber Daisies is
watering don't let them wilt if you go
too long between waterings it can be
very difficult to revive the plant so
watch it carefully the first couple of
weeks that's in the ground and make sure
you water regularly any garden
fertilizer is fine and they will keep
blooming all summer long until the first
Frost I'm Donna Emery from Glover
Nursery in West Jordan Utah and we've
been talking about growing Gerber
daisies