hey everybody it's Abby with the bead
place and today I'm going to show you
guys how to make these really cool
memory wire wine glass charms or wine
glass markers so you can give these as a
gift um a set of six is really nice um
what's really cool about these is you
can put different charms or different
beads on them and the purpose is so that
when you're at dinner or at a party set
your wine glass or whatever glass down
somewhere you can remember what charm
was on your glass and you'll know who
glasses
who's you will need some rings siiz
memory
wire we are going to use memory wire
cutters to cut six pieces of memory wire
that are a loop and a half so what that
means is you've got one solid Loop and
then half a
loop so you can see like
this I'm using 3 mm fire polish be
beads they're just little oval-shaped
beads and I'm also using these really
fun tiar cast charms they have a loop
like this at the top so we can string
them directly onto the wine glass
charms like
this if you're using a charm that has a
loop that goes this way we'll use a
small jump
ring
so that it sits straight on the
glass so the first thing that I'm going
to do is take a round nose pliers and
I'm going to very
carefully separate
my my sides of the or the memory wire
I'm going to grab one side with the very
tip I'm going to grab one end of the tip
of the memory wire with my round nose
pliers and just very carefully and very
securely bend it into a
loop so I'm bending this in towards the
circle rather than
out and it might take a couple of bends
and regrip Bend and regrip you see how
I'm just kind of bending in regrip Bend
IN
regrip and almost there so this memory
wire is tough stuff seems like the
smaller the diameter the harder it is to
bend it inwards but you can see how I
have a closed
loop facing inside so now what I'm going
to do is string four or five or six
whatever you want beads onto the memory
wire and then my charm and then I'm
going to do that same curl on the
opposite
side so the memory wire is kind of a a
tough material to work with you want to
make sure you're using your memory wire
cutter you don't want to use your
regular wire cutter because it will
damage your
cutter so make sure you have the right
tools I think I'm going to go for five
we'll do five beads on this one then I'm
going to string my
charm just like that
and then five more
beads so now our
goal is to get our second Loop the same
size as the first
Loop so what you want to do is push all
your beads so that they're out of the
way they won't fall off while you're
working with
it and just really grip it tight and
bend it
inwards so hold
it
separate it if you can like this with
your
fingers and bend it
inward I try to hold it right
here so that you can kind of brace
it seems to work a little bit easier for
me that way but to each their own the
other thing to keep in mind is keep
those beads out of the way so you don't
accidentally pop a bead and if you pop a
bead the easiest thing to do is just
just start over with a new piece of
memory wire just cut your piece in half
um don't try to unbend the memory wire
or anything silly like that don't try to
cut that end off and then keep going
because you want all of your um you want
all of your wine charms to be the same
size and we don't want one that's a
little bit closer so you can see how
these are just going to dangle around if
you want to you can fill the entire
thing with beads I like the look of just
a few beads in the
front now if we were using a charm like
this like I said we'd use a jump ring so
I want to show you guys the proper way
to open and close a jump ring so that we
can close it
securely and easily without anything
slipping out so what we're going to do
is hold the jump ring so that the break
is right here at 12 o'clock I have one
of my chain noose pliers straight up and
down one of my chain nose pliers
sideways and I'm just going to open it
in that direction you always want to
make sure you're opening and closing
your jump ring like this and never like
this if you pull it open this way what's
going to happen when you go to try to
close it is you're not going to get it
closed in that exact position it's not
going to be round or oval it's going to
kind of misshapen and go together like
this if it even goes together at all so
when you open it this way you're using
one pivot point and you you can then use
that same Pivot Point to close it and
it'll close perfectly so I'll show you
you're going to string your charm
on and then set your pliers up in the
same
way and then you can just easily close
it just like that so once you have your
jump ring closed you always want to
check from a different angle so we've
looked at it like this we're going to
then look at it like this and make sure
it's closed that way too and then we can
go ahead and make more little wine glass
charms so I hope you guys enjoy making
this project the memory wire is a really
really fun option um for bracelets rings
and of course other projects like memory
or like um wine glass charms you can
find all the materials that we used
including the tools the charms memory
wire all of that on our website at
beplace doet um and you can find these
in kit form as well if you liked
watching this video please give us a
thumbs up um comment if you have any
questions or if you just want to say hey
we have a Facebook we have an Instagram
so come say hi to us over there too and
like I said all the links are going to
be in the description thanks as always
for watching