[Music]
so a few years ago I made a video of
myself as I propagated this plant it's a
rubber plant or rubber tree ficus
whatever you'd like to call it but I
never ended up posting the video
anywhere so I wanted to show how I did
that as well as what the plant looks
like today and this is what it looks
like in 2018 so I'll just show you guys
my process for propagating it now this
is what my rubber plant looked like
before I started propagating it it was
just one tall stock okay I'm going to
cut my plant and start by taking off up
to about right here so that that I can
propagate down some more this is a
really nice long section it's supposed
to just be about six inches or something
but this one's gonna be really nice and
long I'm gonna cut right above this node
and then take off these two bottom
leaves and get it into some fresh soil
okay so I took one clipping I stopped
the SAP that's coming out with some
paper towels
now just continue to make those same
cuttings and remember to cut off the
bottom two leaves before you plant it
into the soil you can choose to use a
rooting hormone here and just sort of
put it against the branch or against the
stem that you'll be putting into the
soil to help promote that root growth
but I didn't do that
I just took clippings cut off the bottom
two leaves and then went ahead and
planted it directly into the soil for
the second part of this you are going to
need a plastic drop cloth and what we're
going to do is just create an enclosure
for your plant so while those roots are
starting to grow we just want to have a
plant nicely covered up so I used some
plant stakes as you see here to hold the
plastic away from the leaves so that
they're not really touching it very much
and just make that enclosure and then
tape it up along the bottom sides of the
pot once that's done leave your plant
like this for three weeks and then
you'll start to see those little signs
of growth where the leaves are coming
out at the various nodes so just watch
for that and be a little patient with it
so this is just one way that you can
propagate a rubber plant there are other
ways of doing it but this is what I
chose to do with my plant and it has
worked so if you give it a shot I hope
it works for you as well