hi there this is Galas food again and we
are here for another video on guitar
setup and this one is an amazing one
because it's about adjusting the
American Standards try toast a tro the
two pivots one but I promise I will do
that for a 6q version as well later on
for floating tremol performance so this
one is dedicated to all of us that now
has a fixed bridge on the cast because I
don't want you know to approach the
bridge but I fear to do that and want to
have you know floating performance we
will learn everything about this let's
go there are basically three ways of
adjusting the trol of traster and using
it one is that the bridge is totally
fixed on the guitar top and you know you
can't use you use just as a fixed bridge
the second one is that the tremolo is
laid on the GU top but you can move it
you know downward this way so you cannot
move it upward but you can move it
downward and the third one is that TR is
floating just like as you see here so
today we will cover a very simple and
easy and effective way to set up the
Stratocaster two pivots bridge in a
floating way with a correct notes
interval that you should achieve while
pulling the arm that way what we want to
achieve here is that we have one step
and a half on the
G
uh One Step full step on the
B and half step on the
E because this will allow you to
replicate some of most the most famous
you know phrases and leaks of the some
of the most important guitar players so
to do this we will use um a very quick
method that I invented you know that
makes everything easy and effective
because remember that the goal of this
video as like the other video I made is
to give you a total knowledge of how
your guitar uh works for you to be sure
that when you put your hand on the
guitar you always know where you are and
what we will come up with first of all
take a caliper just like this one and
make a note of how high are your uh High
e and low E string here so if by
adjusting the bridge the action will
rise a bit you can always easily return
to your actual um action remove the rear
spring plate the plastic one this one by
using a screwdriver remember every time
you use a screwdriver check that the the
screwdriver perfectly fits the screw so
you won't damage this one now when you
have removed the rear springs plate take
the another correct screwdriver for the
bols that hold the springs and tighten
them at least you
know 10 11
times this way now what we want achieve
at at this very moment is that the rear
part of the bridge plate as you see
here let me show this one to you touches
the guitar top this way you see here if
bolting the screws on the back wasn't
enough to touch the the the guitar top
you can release some tension here from
the tunes you know this way you untune
the guitars till you see that you know
the bridge plate is touching the the
guitar top in this portion with the rear
uh of the tremol plate now as we are
working at home you know and we want you
know to make things relax and very easy
for everyone so everyone can understand
and perform his own set up in total
relax and knowledge so I choose for you
these two pieces of you know paper sheet
we call it potit in Italy and I think
they you know you can find them almost
everywhere in the world you know I just
you know they come in a very high layer
just some multicolored layer just like
this one but I choose one with this is a
piece of about 4 mm and this one is a
piece of about I think 6 mm you know and
we will use this for the whole operation
now take the tremol arm put it into the
bridge plate and then take a piece of
this you know small uh paper sheets and
you know choose an amount of layer
thickness that allows when you put it
under the bridge plate here like this
that allows the bridge plate let me show
you this this way to be perfectly
parallel for the whole length to the
guitar top just like you know for
example this way if your Bridge plate is
already parallel to the top or maybe
touching for the whole length you just
keep this pass
okay with the guitar this way all you
have to do now you know I know it's
crazy simple for something that normally
usually takes one wall afternoon we will
do that in second you know you know you
you you just have to tune the G string
to
[Music]
pitch this way you you don't care about
the othera strings how they are tune or
not you don't care in this you know very
moment just tune the G Str to pitch this
way you know then remove this posted
papers here and all you have to do is
lower the arm till you see that this g
string that we tuned a few moments ago
is a knee this way and you take another
piece you know of uh uh posted papers
and you choose you know an amount of
layers that allow you to keep you know
the E unit so this is sharp you put some
more here let's see
okay this is a KN you can check it there
you don't care about if this is you know
absolutely perfect or not but it's okay
it's a knee you know let's remove one
for example and see if gets
better okay this way now tune the whole
[Music]
guitar
you need to pitch perfectly to
[Music]
pitch check it one more
time okay that's
fine all you have to do is now
remove this piece of you know postit
papers the guitar will totally be Out Of
Tune and you tune it using
the springs on the back
here this one you release them till you
see that the tuner is the tuning is
perfect let me show this one this thing
to you take away the tremol arm from its
place take the correct
screwdriver and you know if you remember
how many turns you made do it that on
the other side parallel this bolt with
this bolt a turn each one so let's try
for example something like this all we
have to do is release the spring tension
till we see that the guitar is back in
tune without you know uh without
touching the tuners
anymore let's try now for example put
the guitar this way and check the the
the G the G is a bit flat so we release
them a bit too much so we do some kind
of two strikes let's call them
strikes uh
clockwise check them
again just a little bit one Strike
[Music]
Back
let's see
now okay but you tun let's check the
other
ones the E is tuned the a is tuned the D
is tuned the G is still tuned the B is
tuned and the E is tuned what will
happen now is that if we put the tremol
arm back in its position and we you know
let me show you this with the
camera and we rise the tremolo arm this
way we will have the perfect intervals
that we uh looked for so on the G we
will
have one step and a
half on the B we will have one full
step and on the E we will have one uh
half of a
step and this is it you now have you
know in a few second perfectly set up
petrolo for floating performance on your
Strat if you have experienced that after
the setup the action has rised supposed
that you are you started with the you
know the with a tremol that was laying
on the guitar or parallel to the guitar
and you know by having this kind of you
know uh range amount you actually rise
the action a bit you just take um Philip
screwdriver you put it in here inside be
sure that you use one that perfectly
fits the the cut on the screw and the
post and then you simply turn it
clockwise this way half of a turn till
you get to original uh action head that
you had thanks a lot for staying with me
again for this new video about setting
up a tremola for best floating
performance hope you like this one of
course if you have any comment if you
have any you know message you want any
question you want to send to me you have
several emails you can PM me to the
YouTube you know message email and yeah
hope you like this one enjoy playing the
stter it's a fantastic guitar ciao
bye