hello I'm Janelle sha in this video I'm
discussing what is arguably the most
popular Crystal especially with Crystal
healers I'm not talking about you
collectors because you'll probably be
thinking this is a fairly common mineral
but really lovely mineral a lot of
people are attracted to it when they
first start in getting involved with
crystals that's
amethyst
amethyst is a lovely purple
quartz it is specifically purple I know
recently we've had a lot of things
coming out called green amethyst and red
amethyst Etc actually the purple color
is what defines it as
amethyst notice that the crystal forms
with you've got the point of it but
underneath it because it forms in a bed
which I will show you in a moment it
doesn't have straight sides like a
normal quart if you have a clear quartz
crystal or citrine you'll have straight
sides and the break will be somewhere
down
there amethyst is lovely it is really
really calming and soothing and will
help with sleep so it's one of the
things that we use for Sleep problems we
usually associate it with the third eye
chakra here although I am well aware
that some of you will associate it with
the crown and that's okay we all have
different ways of working and that's
fine but but if you go with the third
eye behind the third eye we have the
pineal gland and the pineal gland
regulates your sleep pattern so that's
where that's coming from it will help
with sleep you can keep a little piece
under your pillow you can put a little
grid by putting one by each leg of the
bed just to help you
sleep going to show you a mega piece now
this is still a point it still has all
the same uh qualities that you just saw
in the smaller piece but look at the
size of it this is really unusual we
don't get them this size very often
anymore it used to be more common but
very hard to get a hold of now both of
these lovely Pieces come from
Brazil and the Brazilian amethyst will
be quite different from other amethysts
so some of the amethysts um paler larger
crystals that's usually Brazilian when
you get the deeper colors it comes from
Uruguay usually you also get Amethyst
from turkey and various other places but
most of what's on the market is Brazil
or
Uruguay going to show you a cluster of
it now this is a Brazilian one and you
can see fairly typically it's rather
pale a lot of people like this and this
particular piece um it would be referred
to as tobacco amethyst because you've
got some little black inclusions inside
the crystals which somebody decided
looks like tobacco for some reason I
don't quite get it myself but that's
what it's known as now the Clusters do
something completely different the
Clusters can help with um uh clearing
space you know clearing the room if
there's um unnecessary unwanted energy
also very good for electromagnetic
radiation so you can use one by the TV
or the
computer I'll show you a typical piece
from Uruguay
now you notice the depth of color but
whatever is creating the color has um
made the crystal slightly smaller at
least I believe that's what's going on
here it has inclusions of probably iron
and manganese but it does vary with the
amethyst but notice how deep the color
is and how sparkly the crystals are this
makes it a higher grade Crystal so you
will pay more for something like this
than you will will for the other one I
just showed
you doesn't make the other one poor it
just means that they are different and
have a different quality different
grading
system another thing that amethyst does
is uh because it ties into the third eye
it also helps to develop our psychic
gifts so a lot of people use it for that
that's um it's very gentle in that way
so it won't kind of blast your head open
it will just open you up very slowly and
gently and also help to connect you with
your spiritual self this piece is
another one of the Uruguayan ones but
this one is it's got larger crystals
this makes it rarer more unusual so
something like this is going to be a bit
more expensive than the one I just
showed you slowly going up in grade from
what I've been showing you
here now all of these things make
amethyst really lovely I um I'm going to
show you it's very popular mineral for
carving and I'm going to show you a
couple of examples of palm stones but
but you can get all sorts of things in
amethyst now first of all I'm going to
show you a clear fairly pale amethyst
Palm
Stone Palm Stones were originally
devised to do massage Crystal massage uh
Crystal massage the crystals the energy
of the crystals helps to break up energy
blocks so you don't have to rub as hard
or you don't have to push in as hard I
know a lot of massage therapists who are
starting to use it now because they're
getting arthritis in their thumbs you
don't have have to dig in with your
thumbs like you do with normal massage
beautiful piece and a lot of people just
hold these or I even know a gentleman
who collects them he thinks they're
beautiful so he has a bowl full of them
on his coffee table um adds to it
whenever he
can and finally the last piece I'm going
to show you is another palmstone now
this is a Chevron amethyst which is a
different sort of amethyst it's usually
considered gem grade because of the
depth of color but you don't get the
sort of clarity that you do with other
amethysts it forms with layers of white
Jasper or white quartz and you get these
wonderful Chevron shapes with it you can
see very clearly on this particular
example it's also quite dense it doesn't
have the clarity as I said it doesn't
have the clarity that you get with the
other types of quartz but it does um it
just has this incredible depth of color
really lovely now this type of amethyst
is considered to be a strong spiritual
connection helping you to connect with
your spiritual self your higher self
with your guides and with
spirit so there you go enjoy your
amethyst