hey there guys my name is Joe and I run
a YouTube channel called Homestead
onomics where I do a variety of
different do-it-yourself projects around
my Homestead today's project is a
chicken Coupe that I'm going to be
Roofing in uro Roofing panels so I'm
going to take you along for the process
show you some of the prep work the tools
that we'll need and then we'll get on to
the
install before we can begin installing
the roof panels we first need to make
sure we have an appropriate roof
structure in place first this can either
be in the form of horizontally spaced
peins or a solid decking surface like
OSB or plywood just so long as it's half
an inch in thickness once you have that
down then you'll want to weatherproof
your roof with a combination of tar
paper or other underlayment and a
flashing at the end I'll show you some
other options if you don't want to use
flashing the tools you need for this
project will include a tape measure and
something to mark your panels with like
a marker or a pencil a hammer and 3-in
washered nails or you can also use 3-in
washer screws as well and then you'll
need a utility knife or a circular saw
to cut the panels with the panels you'll
also need to pick up Ridge caps as well
as foam ventilated closure strips this
will allow air flow underneath the
panels but keep any Critters
out the first step in the ins
installation will be to measure and Mark
your panels and then cut them to length
you can cut them with a utility knife or
a
[Music]
saw before you set your panels in place
you're going to want to make sure you
have the ventilated foam closure strips
on the underside of the panel they can
also be tucked in at the end but I like
to hold them when I'm placing the
panels on your side panels you'll want
to make sure that you fix them to the
edge keeping the edge nice and flush as
well as having an inch and 3/4 overhang
over the
eaves one quick thing to remember when
you overlap panels is that you want to
overlap them in the direction of your
predominant winds for instance if my
predominant winds come from this
direction I want to make sure that the
windward panel always overlaps on top of
the leeward
panel once your panels have been lined
up and fastened at the edges you can now
begin to mark your nail holes over the
rest of the panel I like to use a
straight edge when doing
so Nails in intermediate courses will be
placed every other corrugation while
Edge courses will receive nails at every
corrugation it's important to note that
Nails should be fastened only through
the tops or the crowns of each coration
and not so tightly as to crush the
[Music]
corrugation
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
of the ridge cap and don't crush or
deform any of the
corrugations and once your ridge cap is
completely fastened you can then cut it
down the middle and complete your trim
detail and this can further be dressed
up by cutting the excess material so as
to follow the profile of your existing
flashing something that may be useful to
you if you were in the planning phases
of building your roof or trying to
figure out how many panels you need to
purchase is to remember that these
corations on these panels are spaced
exactly 4 in apart so that means if you
have a roof that is divisible by 4 in
like say 68 in wide or 64 in wide you
will end up with the panels exactly
meeting the edges of your roof perfectly
however if your roof happens to be a
little bit off by an inch or two one way
or another it's also important to note
that these panels have a bit of
flexibility in them in an accordion
fashion so say if your panels come out
to be slightly Too Short you can simply
just elongate them fasten them down with
your nails or screws and you can have a
proper flush Edge and the same is true
if they are just a bit too long you can
simply compress them fasten them down
until you get the reveal that you're
looking
for if you're not going to be using a
tradition additional flashing in which
to protect the edge of your roof it's
important to remember there's a couple
other options from which to choose from
the first and probably the cheapest is
to Simply cut an extra corrugation off
of one of your main roof panels and use
this in the form of a flashing it'll
simply tuck underneath the final
corrugation and act in the same way that
a traditional flashing whe it'll be as
fixed with that final corrugation and
then you'll also fasten it along the
side another option is to use extra
ridge cap or purchase extra ridge cap to
use in a total wrapping fashion along
the edge of your roof this will probably
be a more expensive option but if you
are in a high weather area with lots of
moisture this will serve to give you
some extra protection in that it's
wrapping over more of the corrugations
and more of the edge of the
roof and the final option and something
that is more popular in Europe that will
eliminate the need for flashing is to
Simply extend this fascia board up past
the roof deck and into the final
corrugation here's a model that I built
to show you how this is going to look if
you can imagine this is the roof deck
and this is the faip board your Roofing
panel will simply sit with the final
corrugation over that facia board and
that's where it will be fastened this
will give you an appropriate overhang as
well as the appropriate weather
proofing one quick tip that may be
helpful to you when you're getting ready
to finish off your Ridge caps with the
folded ends is to make sure you have a
warm enough outside air temperature if
it's too cool these ends may not fold
over nicely and they could have some
splitting in the paint one trick that I
found helpful is to use a standard hair
dryer I stole this one from My Wife and
simply warm the areas that you're
planning on folding and it's going to
give you a nice clean fold and you won't
have any splitting of the
paint another tip that may be helpful in
dealing with the foam closure strips is
to preset your nails and simply asix the
closure strip to the back side of the
panel before placing it upon the
roof well guys the Project's all
finished I think it turned out great um
I hope this was a helpful and
informative video for you if you do have
any further questions check out the uro
website or pick up one of these
installation guides at your local Lowe's
and uh good luck on your
project