[Music]
hey everybody Paul here you got any
scratches on your car you're not sure
how to fix well I kind of found this
over at uh the hardware store so I'm
going to give it a shot so touchup pin
[Music]
time
that's a good
scratch that's going to be our baby
that's what we're
testing what I have is a dupli color
scratch and fix all it's a little pen I
got down at the hardware store uh you
can color match this based off the VIN
number on your vehicle uh this this
truck as you've seen any of my other
videos 97 Chevy S10 it belongs to my son
and uh we're doing a lot of work on it
and uh there's a lot of little dinks and
scratches and stuff and we're just
trying to figure out a way to kind of
clean that up and not have such an
obvious uh paint problem but uh we've
tried some different things and uh this
is one of them and so if I can get this
thing out of here see if it's going to
come up there it goes okay so there's
what it looks like uh when I color
matched this I color matched it based
off of the code that was on it and uh I
ended up having to go back I couldn't
just take a color Cod off the truck cuz
it's from 97 and I actually looked it up
on the internet um the color description
kind of varied over several years there
so this is pretty much the right color
which is called a victory red uh for 97
Chevy S10 uh a couple years earlier I
think they were calling it apple red um
but you know you can look up the color
code on on the internet there's plenty
of sites out there that give that to you
and then you just go down to the
hardware store you can get one of these
color pens uh it's kind of cool it's got
a little scraper um really not sure what
the purpose of that is outside of just
to level out an area where there's a
scratch uh then you got you can do it as
a
pin or should be able to unscrew the
thing somewhere along line here what's
this okay now that's the that's not
P
oops trying to figure it out it won't do
it theoretically there supposed to be a
paintbrush down in the B bottom of this
thing and you see here it says says
right there twist for a paintbrush twist
for finish yet I twist and I can't get
can't get the dang thing
open stunt double I need a stunt double
has a little tab right there it says
open
here so let's see what that
means cool
instructions oh oh and they won't come
off where's the fun in
that all right so my stunt doubles off
today so I want to see if I can open
this
thing oh God all
right doesn't say which way to turn
it okay so we're not using the
paintbrush because this one won't open
go figure huh oh well um but uh and then
you have obviously you can unscrew this
and that's your clear coat finish that
you use at the end to cover it up like I
said I I've tried this a couple times uh
not the most successful thing does take
a little bit of practice but I'm going
to show you how it works and the other
thing I've kind of noticed is whenever
they do this stuff on TV they always use
white you ever notice that uh these
white and they try and make that work so
we're going to give this a shot and see
if it
works this is my scratch right right
here and it's got kind of a raised Edge
I really still haven't figured out what
the purpose of this is this tip I've
watched a few videos on it but not a lot
of luck I think I'm just going to even
out the the lip The
Edge so it's it doesn't have any kind of
raised areas I'm not going to get crazy
with it I tried this once before I got a
little wild with it and it just created
a mess and then this pen became useless
so once I do that kind of cleaned out
the spot should be able just take the
pen
and uh aain
it nice and
even
now you want to be careful not to push
it around too
much you want to fill it
in push down it'll release the the paint
just kind of fill it in and lift up try
not to get too crazy with it once it
starts to dry you're going to start to
see the ENT still you'll see the little
spot where where it was things that you
didn't get exactly 100%
right
o see there I go I kind of made a
mess so it's always good if you got some
way to balance your
hand cuz if you're not careful the paint
will gum
up and like I said you just make you
start making a
mess and best thing to do is not to play
with it too much let it get in there let
it dry you want to come back for another
coat come back for another coat and then
I like
to I like to wipe the tip of the pen off
on my finger just before I close it
otherwise
um it's going to make it's going to kind
of clog up
the the application tip
now I don't know if you can see this or
not you probably can but you can still
see the scratch all I've done is fill in
the the scratch with some with some
paint so um you know you let it dry
maybe come back do another application
but the trick and I I've got a couple
more scratches here is is just kind of
Hold Your Hand you can see this scratch
right here Little D so I'm just going to
support my hand here put it up against
the side of the vehicle and I'm going to
support this and I'm just you got to
push this pin in and it releases a
little bit of paint
and that's all you got to do I a little
bit of
practice and this thing
is good as
gold now those are going to be high and
you can come back and you can kind of
soften it up touch it
up this stuff dries really fast so once
again once you get up once you get
this when you're done with the pin kind
of wipe off that tip so it doesn't you
know that way you can use it again
all right it's sat for a few minutes
it's it's dried I did such a good job I
don't even know if you can see it on
camera what I'm going to do I'm just
going to kind of level it out a little
bit and I'm going to put another
application on once again make sure the
pin is clean the tip the tip of the
pin's got it let's see if you can you
see that that
tip so so here we go I'm going to just
fill that spot in
again as easy as I
can there we
go
okay I'm just gonna fill that in best I
can o there we go
just do everything I'm telling you not
to
do and then clean off that
tip get all that paint off
there let that sit for a couple minutes
see what it
does should be filled up enough once it
does maybe just kind of scrape it off a
little bit put some clear coat on it
which
is this little guy
here and
uh go from
there okay so you can see
it trying to flatten it out a little
bit kind of get it to be at least at the
same
level
then take this
guy just touch it
up I'm trying to do is put a little
protective coat on
it
voila so there you have it a dupli color
uh paint pin it's really not that bad
it's not that hard to use these things
but
uh you know it's
uh takes a few times to get it down if
you sit there and you dabble into the
the scratch and you you can make a mess
up real quick I trust me I've done that
a few times uh it's not a bad tool but
uh you know just if you got a few
scratches it's okay it you know when
they they show it with the white paint
it makes it look real easy uh just take
a steady hand um obviously I couldn't
get the uh the top off to to get to the
paintbrush but uh supposedly there's a
paint brush in there so uh not bad
worked on my kids truck don't think I'll
be using it on the vet anytime soon but
you know hope this helps if you like
this video I appreciate all your support
uh you know you can subscribe up at the
top probably probably going to be over
here right now and uh you know there a
lot of other videos to watch appreciate
that and uh your comments are really
appreciated it helps us put together
better videos now that the holidays are
kind of coming to an end uh we're
looking to get back to work on all these
vehicles that we have I've been on the
road for a few weeks so that's made it
bit a bit difficult to keep the videos
cranking uh but we're going to be back
on that soon so uh we'll talk to you
soon and uh
enjoy