hey everybody it's me for groly here and
today we are going to continue our one
pound Clos loop system demo series from
best value of x with some solvent
distillation after posting pictures of
the new 1B clothes loop system on
Instagram which definitely go follow me
at froli uh as well as a picture of the
R6 butane I bought from Best Value Vex
several folks uh recommended I distill
my butane to clean it up as I mentioned
in previous videos in this series
playlist distillation is required to
remove the mystery oils such as machine
lubricants from your solvent before you
flood your materials column with it
since we are running this closed loop
system passively we are already relying
on the nature of the solvent to chase
the colder temperatures so really this
distillation process is not much
different from doing an actual run the
major difference is we will not be using
the materials column but other than that
all of our equipment is basically the
same well I not done this process before
I've strictly been blasting directly
into my smaller 140 G close pressurized
column with cans of butane like purane
and Newport however now that I will be
recovering the solvent back into my
system using a new brand and of course
following the guidance of those much
farther down this path than I I will be
dis distilling all of the solvent before
it ever enters my recovery
tank you can see here I am assembling
the collection chamber of the system
including the splatter platter base
after cleaning the entire thing with
isopropyl alcohol watch part two of this
series to see the breakdown and cleaning
of the equipment itself let's go ahead
and speed it up since we've already done
this before as with most of the passive
Clos loop system process dry ice is a
necessity in recovering your solvent
efficiently I recommend finding one
cooler just big enough for your CLS and
then another one big enough for your
recovery tank the smaller cooler will
allow you to use just the right amount
of dry ice instead of maybe not having
enough to properly cover your equipment
because your cooler is too huge while I
purchased my coolers from Amazon I
noticed they were a couple bucks cheaper
at Home Depot so definitely shop around
before just assuming something like
Prime is worth it like I
did now that we've got the closed loop
system cleaned and assembled we're going
to pull a vacuum on the recovery tank
please note that I am only doing this
because this is a brand new recovery
tank directly from Best Value vs while
they ship it filled with nitrogen to
keep it clean and dry until use which
I've already released there has never
ever been any solvent added to this tank
using a basic vacuum pump like this on
equipment with solvent is a big no no
that is a quick way to start a fire or
even create an explosion please only do
the step if you are using a brand new
tank it will take about a minute or or
two to pull a full VAC on the recovery
tank but once complete just set it aside
until you are ready for the final
recovery step we are going to keep the
flood line that connects the solvent
storage tank to the blast column
connected and the valves on the blast
column open but the solvent storage tank
will remain closed remember never blast
indoors the butane storage tank here is
closed and will remain closed until it
is outside and ready to be distilled
this little bit of extra vac in the
flood line might not be much but every
little bit does help solvents like
butane remain a liquid Under Pressure
but rapidly boil and evaporate off in
most open air environments in fact the
boiling point of butane is about 32째 F
the same temperature which water freezes
at alternatively the melting point is
about -210째 F on top of that it is
classified as extremely flammable so
again take extra care when handling it
now that we understand when it will
convert from a liquid to a gas in back
we can use our equipment as a functional
cold treap to distill the butane and
remove any mystery oils we finally got
our distillation chamber chilled on dry
ice and our system Ved so it's time to
run the distillation process you'll
notice the top injection point is
different than previously in this series
but that's just the top to the closed
pressurized column I ran this process
several times in making this video
series and in this instance decide to
double check the gauges together at this
point by my estimation I have let about
6 to 8 pounds of butane Chase from the
quote unquote room temperature solvent
storage tank to the collection chamber
on dry ice this is plenty for me to get
started on extracting so I will cut it
off there after closing the valve on
your solvent storage tank you can remove
your cold trap Chamber from the dry ice
and prepare to recover your distilled
butane into your recovery tank the
recovery tank should be chilled in dry
ice prior to recovery this is where that
second cooler comes into play it's
always good to give your connections an
extra bit of tightening to ensure no
solvent leaks just make sure you don't
overdo it and strip them I actually have
a third cooler here I'm using but you
can use one of your first two if you get
the timing down right or have an extra
pair of hands this cooler has been
filled with 90째 water I would recommend
using anywhere from 80 to 90째 any lower
and your recovery efficiency will become
a problem but any higher and you're more
likely to boil off these mystery oils
directly into your recovery tank
coincident finally this is also about
the same temperature you will use in the
actual extraction
process after opening the valves on both
the recovery tank and the distillation
chamber you can add the chamber to the
warm water and then go enjoy the process
of recovery and by that I mean grab a
drink make yourself some popcorn and
wait the recovery process could take
anywhere from 30 minutes to several
hours this will ultimately depend on the
equipment you are using the amount of
solvent you are recovering and the
temperatures you are working at using
the extra gauge I purchased and
explained in previous videos I can check
the pressure of both my recovery tank
and my distillation chamber while mostly
unnecessary I get curious and would
rather be safe than sorry another tip I
picked up from fellow extractors is to
periodically shake your cooler that
contains the recovery tank and dry ice
this will help condense the solvent into
a liquid quicker and keep the tank cold
you should also know that air is dry ice
as Kryptonite store in airtight coolers
and use towels and Lids to keep air out
a sight glass on your collection base
will allow you to know exactly when
recovery is done and when to close the
valves unfortunately my system does not
yet have one so I had to guess and
basically just wait by hand the Sun is
setting and darkness approaches so let's
wrap up this video I'll leave you with a
close-up shot of the Mystery Oil itself
if you are not distilling your solvent
it is very likely substances like this
will be showing up in your oil it's
disgusting unhealthy and it's far from
medical or connoisseur grade
hopefully this is as eye opening for you
as it was for me leave a comment below
and let me know about your distillation
experiences and don't forget to
subscribe for more and thumbs up the
video as well check out the last two
videos of this playlist and click on the
link in the description below for the
entire playlist until next time good
luck and grow
big