hello I just want to show you this is
[Music]
got this beautiful beautiful ribbon
they're absolutely gorgeous this is
it's like cream like there's a page it's
a short one it's not a full name but
look at that look how beautiful that is
we cut out the same material the satin
so that it like the ribbon and you've
got material 95% all I mean 5% satin
which is this and the lining is a
hundred percent certain so underneath
you got this beautiful tall netting the
really do stand out when you know when
you wear into a dress if you go one of
those certain 1950 style dresses wear
them they wanted to stand out them and
just anything really there you want to
push out Rab and you cling to you this
beautiful method underneath if you got
one of those swishy skirts this
underneath would just make you look
beautiful
I loved her like I think it's the nicest
thing you can wear they just gives you
that extra I don't know the extra umph I
guess and there's a few layers
well they just see how lovely that is
I'm not even sure how many lasers got
there I don't like the center there you
go two three
it looks like it's four layers there and
then you've got a satin on the top
beautiful beautiful and is good there's
the weights very well made very nice
rock up your daddy's stitches impeccable
excellent excellent little notice good
day so if you wanted to go out and enjoy
yourself grab like a slushy scared
nothing almost covers all the time but
not quite
there's a little bit left which is meant
the ER that's why supposed to be doing
you've got the plank I mean sometimes
you get a little lumps good the kind of
safety Bay and then you can see a little
bit of satin and more of a dull
sometimes love is good where the Saturn
it ends and then you just see this
underneath so I mean they actually make
them now they make things that they got
the tall sticking out because it looks
so good
I think there's there's nothing like one
see in earth if I was just scared then
you've got this sticking up into me
how nice is that that's really pretty
so there you go lovely underskirt very
well made very happy with it so thank
you for watching I know