hey guys welcome back to my channel
happy Sunday I'm back with a with our
usual sowing tutorial today I'm going to
be showing you guys how to make this
lovely top my friend is wearing this top
is super easy and it's fast it literally
took me 20 minutes if you want to see
how I uh so this Stu definitely keep
watching make sure to like And subscribe
if you haven't thank you guys so so much
and I will see you guys in my next video
bye guys so what you're going to need
for this tutorial is a denim fabric I
would advise you use a light uh color
denim cuz it's going to look better with
this
style cuz you don't know the spring is
already here so you don't want to be
wearing like dark denim but if that's
what you like you can definitely use a
dark denim you're going to need at least
a yard to a yard and a half if you
really want to have that volume uh
Fuller Gathering and of course you're
going to need some elastic you're going
to need some mashing thread and scissors
and of course you're going to need your
sewing machine
I already went ahead and cut out my
piece obviously it's wider but you
cannot see it right now so what I did is
I measured my U chest and that
measurement I times uh I double it so my
entire uh circumference of my chest was
70 and then I times that times 2 and if
you have the fabric you can do that but
if you don't have the fabric you can
just measure your entire circumference
of the chest and then add at least 30 cm
so you can like gather your fabric so
this is the fabric and I had to call two
pieces cuz I didn't have a long uh long
enough fabric so I've cut it twice so
now I'm going to
sew this right size together you're
going to go sew it all the way down on
one side and then on the other side sew
it all the way down as well and you're
also going to repeat the same step for
the sleeves so you're going to measure
around your arms and then you're going
to times that um measurement with two
like I said as well if you don't have
enough fabric all you need to do is add
30 cm to your ashual measurement so
we're going to do the same thing for the
sleeves as well I already cut out two
pieces you're going to fold it like
this fold it in
half no you guys see what I'm doing so
fold it in half and then you're going to
sew it here and then obviously we're
going to gather it like this and then
you're going to have like a nice food
sleeves like this so going to do the
same for the other sets of sleeve as
well fold it in half and sew it on the
side so I'm going to go do that and I'll
come back to show you guys The Next
[Music]
Step went ahead and sew the sides and
also sew the other side so now we're
going to create a tunnel for the elastic
so the the tunnel of your elastic should
be the width of the should be the width
of your elastic so okay guys so I
decided to do a road hem instead cuz I
feel like a road hem looks way better
than just folding it once so if you want
to have the nice clean finished look
from inside just fold it twice but make
sure that there is space in the middle
so your elastic can go through so right
now I'm just going to go and sew it all
the way around sorry not all the way
around so it's leaving an opening here
so as you can see I already have one
open
[Music]
here so now I already went ahead and sew
it just like this now and then now we
just going to insert the elastic cuz I
told you guys they opening so you're
going to take a safety p
going
to put it pin it on
your elastic like
so close it and then you're going to
start pting it through like this
whatever like works for you best I'm
going to just go this
way go left so you just start putting it
through you know it's denim so it's
going to take a while but just take your
time
[Music]
and then it's out and you just want to
take this
out like so like just pull it and it's
super super
tight and this the weight of your
arms
so you see I already gaed it up to the
width of my arm so now I'm going to put
a pin here CU I really need it to be
really tight cuz first of all I'm not
making this for myself I'm making it for
a friend so and she's smaller than me so
so I'm going to like pain the elastic
here like this and then you just going
to go ahead and sew it closed with a
zigzag Stitch and
yeah so after you finish do with a
zigzag stit you want to cut it put it
inside and then you're going to close
this
[Music]
opening so as you can see I already
attach the elastic on the sleeves and
also on the top itself so now the final
step is we're going to attach the
sleeves to the top so you're going to
this is the the opening where we stitch
them together so you're going to March
this side stitch to the side stitch of
the top and this one is wait I have to
look for
it it's here so you can see the side
stitch and you're going to match this
side stitch to that one so everything
aligns
properly like
this and then you going going to pin it
like you really need just a small Stitch
to attach this uh sleeves to the top you
don't need to sew it all the way around
it's just like at least 3 cm wide Stitch
here and then it's attached that's all
you need right on top of here you're
going to stitch it together after
attaching it you're going to have
something like this so I'm going to go
so it and for the bottom hem I'm going
to use um um just where is it my um Sim
Ripper to pick out the Treads cuz I want
that rough Edge so I'm not going to hem
it it's going to take a while but I
think it's going to work it's going to
look nice but yeah after attaching the
sleeves if you don't need a raw Edge you
just want to go ahead and fold the
bottom of your top twice and sew it all
the way around and you are done started
um like picking down fraying down my
edges oh you can see purly so I'm
already like distressing the bottom part
of the dress the top sorry it's really
easy I just started doing this for the
last 15 minutes so it's really going
fast with
this can
samea there you
go take your time cuz the effect you get
afterwards is really really nice so I
really don't mind spending an hour doing
this and I just go through it pick the
white right out and then you go it's
really easy with a Sim
rep later when I'm done so you're only
going to be seeing like the blue Treads
so I'm going to go ahead and do do the
entire top then I'll come back to show
you guys the finished
[Music]
look
[Music]
miror wall tell me who's the sadest one
of them all
mirror don't love