Julie from silversmiths calm today I'd
like to show you how to make some
sterling silver earring you have two
pieces of sterling silver wire 20 gauge
and I'm going to mark both of them at
the same length
and I'm marking them because I'm gonna
heat the ends of the wire and ball up
the wire all the way up to that mark
hopefully I'll be able to see
that's the challenging part is to make
to pretty much identically sized and you
just stick them into my pickle solution
here use this little brush here yeah
high protection pieces this ball ended
up with a little rough piece on it
pickin up this - it's time to order more
they come in blue black red and green
starting with the coarsest down to the
smoothest so I go through a process of
working my way three days to cover up my
face then I don't like that dust in my
lungs not that anybody does
now this is the smoothest one it just
feels like rubber
open them back up just a little bit hold
them in just the same way slip it on
earrings onto the onto my dowel give it
a good Bend see that's big enough that's
more like it that's what I want to see
okay and I take my pliers and I'm gonna
Bend these out a little bit I want them
to be exact they hang out they have to
hang exactly as far down as each other
on each of here so I'm just gonna pull
one down till I get them just right I
could be kind of a nitpick but I think
that's real important that your earrings
are the same length and then opposite
where the balls are I'm going to I bent
the back just a little bit now I'm going
to trim up the wires to be exactly the
same length
I want the wires to retain the shape
that I just bent into them so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to harden the
wire a little bit with a hammer they'll
retain the shape I like to give that
last little bend at the end of the
tattoo here we go now I'm using the
cup-shaped drill bit in order to smooth
out the end of that ear wire stainless
steel media that really cleans up all
the roughness they're gonna go in the
tumbler they already look like a perfect
little pair of earrings but they're just
gonna be more shiny when they come out
of the tumbler half full with water and
I'm going to squirt it in just a little
bit of dish detergent
you
my god I can't believe I just said that
I'm gonna I saw okay