[Music]
me what I have for you guys today are
chimichangas this is a video dedicated
to Sally Anderson she's been asking for
these for a long time and I was gonna
put him up yesterday but the hubby he
was here at nine o'clock in the morning
from work so yeah that's a no-go
so yeah but it's here today so stay
tuned for the ingredients okay so what I
have is beef stew meat you can use any
meat of your choice ground beef ground
pork shredded beef chicken any meat of
your choice I decided to do mine with
just beef to me I'm using a teaspoon of
minced garlic if you have fresh garlic
use to the three cloves I'm using half
of a medium or small onion sofrito I
have so little because I like my meat
very flavorful if you don't have sofrito
use half of a red pepper half of a green
pepper two garlic cloves and a handful
of cilantro you're good enough with that
the cheese I decided to use is cheddar
and Jack that combination you can use
Mexican fiesta you can use quesadilla
cheese mozzarella provolone the cheese
of your choice of longest with the
melting kinda stretches and then I have
mu√±eca tortillas these are say trust me
they're the huge ones then I have
lettuce and tomato but that's for
garnish and some hold meat starts back
this is the red one if you want to know
how to make my stuff I have the video
and the Red Sox are the green salsa and
something some other stuff for taquitos
so yeah these are these ingredients this
is really simple really easy I'm sorry
salt and pepper and if you have adobo
you can use that instead which that is
what I'll be doing this is gonna be the
adobo I'm gonna use there's red cap
green cap blue cap this color cap I
think there's also yellow and orange I'm
not sure but this one I'm using using
one of your choice okay
first thing you do when they need it
already comes small I can bite sizes but
I want this really small because I want
it to cook fast really small pieces
really small and really thin I just cut
it was like square shape just really
thin slices that's basically all I did
my bowl here because it will run snack
after I'm done cutting them all up just
tiny guys if you prefer like I said you
lose the ground leave ground pork shred
it beat while you gotta do it some cook
it boil it with some I would put up an
onion in there towards a total of garlic
and um yeah boil it softly slowly have
to go to a hard boil cover it up and I
probably boil it for 45 minutes to an
hour to the soft throw out the water let
it cool off and then shred it and then
just do all of this okay
chopped up my meat I cut it all up I
rinsed it really well so before I throw
it in a hot screaming pan I'm gonna put
a blue ball on here if you do not have a
mobile you add salt pepper onion powder
garlic powder and a little bit of two
minutes that's the flavor you like
that's all you need to add more at any
anything else so mixing it really well
because I want this need to have flavor
when I put it in the pan so that's done
that's really well incorporated and now
we're going to the stones okay we're
going to stop gonna put my pan I put
that on high let it get a screaming hot
and put it this on youtube we're just
going to wait for this to heat up okay
now that our pan is hot I don't add any
oil to it because the red meat already
let's
if I try to move big news right now in
their pants is hard out of there
because I just go in there but in a
minute they will release it and I can
move it all along
so that's just gets going we'll be
adding in our agreements remember that
our pan is on our hire study see now I
can come apart too easily separate
whoever have these kind of pans are not
are using the final word well people get
upset with their food sticks just give
it a minute it'll do it on its own okay
so once the liquid starts drying off and
I start to get like that frying action
that's when we're gonna put in our you
know garlic are only in an hour
sofrito so we're just gonna let this
cook until we get frying action I just
want to stop by and show you how much
liquid this meat actually lets out look
at this I haven't added any water to it
I just have it on high and it's doing
it's boiling thing right now so yeah
there's how much water is but this will
start to reduce a little bit you'd start
getting a little bit of frying action if
you don't have enough on fat that the
meat rendered out just add about a
teaspoon of oil of your choice it
doesn't matter it could be canola corn
vegetable or coconut even olive oil
doesn't matter which order you use here
so yeah we're just gonna wait for that
fraction I just want to show you how
much water just meet lit up okay so neat
started a little bit of frying action
already as you can see the one on my pan
it had very little too much fat so I'm
actually gonna add a teaspoon of olive
oil use one of your choice
anytime or
to the fork okay turban on I just need a
little bit of oil to saute our veggies
I already taste it I just I'm sorry I
didn't show you guys that are they will
take half of the onion that I had out
there a small onion or medium onion I
just made with more of a small that's
right okay I use half of it whether you
guys like my audience that much
this amount is perfect for the monomyth
that I have I forgotten so many times
you're getting all this when I step down
here if you call flavor you want a man
that I'm gonna get a little bit more
pissed off
Michael you could have a lot of garlic
so I'm gonna add like half a teaspoon if
you guys don't have to beat that we
shall add me on the whole teaspoon you
don't have any time of any the powder
then add that to it the seating is more
to your liking
I like mainly city flavorful through the
box okay this place is a zoo in a half
and then I like that that people dig the
pan because my pleasure
because it's a journal paper
specifically today
but all of this he's been here I'm going
to let all of this clip off then what
I'm going to do I'm going to add 1/4 cup
of water to this and I'm going to cover
it and let it simmer for 20 minutes so I
use the same container where I had
myself refill about 1/4 cup and now
you're gonna pick up all the bottom that
was on here like this that's all the
flavor that's in here I'm gonna put my
stove on the lowest that it goes and I'm
gonna make this goal for in a twenty
minutes it's gonna tenderize the meat
and pick up all the flavors from the
bottom of your pan it's gonna be
delicious I promise
so close you've already scraped on the
bottom you see there's nothing there
anymore cuz the meat picked it all up
now we're just gonna cover it up and let
it cook numbers on the lowest here we go
timer for 20 minutes ok I'm back to run
off to Lisa's house because they were
getting the internet so I had to put my
turn off my stove but as you can see the
meats already nice and tender has a
little bit of juice you don't want it
too wet because you're gonna deep-fry
these or just fry them if you don't want
to do the deep-frying but you still have
to fry them you cannot bake this it
defeats the purpose of it being a
chimichanga so I'm gonna let this heat
up very little and then we're going to
rabbit okay so I'm gonna show you how to
wrap this now I'm sorry I'm tired I'm
sweaty
what I did now I put my little red pot I
don't know if you guys have seen it
before
and I filled it I have like a cups worth
of oil so I'm having that heat up while
I wrap this I could be ready to fry
won't work done okay so this is the
brand that I buy you have to burrito to
the big burritos i buy this when you
release it and friable if you buy ones
are thicker and you need them to be
pliable you could microwave them for a
few seconds I'm forgiving
 but I don't want to paly that when
we cook like I said they're really thin
and they're like super pliable so yeah
this is what I think one of these I'm
will be making me right now you know you
want it home my counters clean so don't
worry about that I'm gonna dump in my
meet you just like average this guy is
exactly like a burrito but the deep
frying it and all the stuff is on the
outside so what I did is I put on me a
lot of meat in here to one side then you
got to wrap this around here and you're
gonna hold this here you're gonna pull
it back so you pull it back and it gives
you that little game right there tuck in
your ends and then roll and then tuck in
your ends one more time and this is what
it's supposed to look like
so nothing gets in there when it's fine
if you're not sure about your frying
skills and you don't want stuff to spill
out I suggest you put up safety off now
I'll say okay about toothpick I don't do
it because I know I'm gonna fry my down
with the opening down and I'm gonna put
my spatula or whatever I have holding
here let's so they grab this shape
before I can turn it so let's go to the
fun part
frying if you want to know if your oil
is hot enough stick out a wooden spoon
in here and if you see a bubble around
the ends which mine is starting to do
now that means your oil should be good
enough that's a tip if somebody didn't
know it put it in here you see little
bubbles coming up you're ready so like I
said the opening I'm facing it down be
careful pulling it in I'm helping myself
with it I started to open up
okay hold it down with a petal you see
how the oil is nice and hot but not
overheating we're smoking and burning
your stuff so I'm just gonna hold it
here we'll need to hold it anymore now
I'm just gonna let that fry for about a
minute you know when it's time to turn
it is nice and golden-brown
you're only gonna turn it to twice I
mean once the more time you put it in
and then just once for the other side
and you should be done you should be
good to go
but they'll walk away from it guys cuz I
don't know how your stuff works remember
everything varies
you don't have to do this I'm just doing
my studies on a medium-high guys what
you want to do is have your plate
waiting with paper towel to absorb all
the grease from this not time yet
seriously think about a minute or two
that said guess what I forgot to do guys
I'm so so sorry
add about 1/4 cup of the cheese of your
choice
provolone mozzarella Mexican fiesta mix
I'm so sorry I've totally forgot to do
that but yeah add the cheese to it
before you wrap it up it's already
sealed don't know if just question of
Leaning it for a few minutes there and
we'll be ready to go okay here it is
completely ready to go
big achieve each other while this weighs
about two pounds guys make sure you tell
every stove and be a scatter very like
me okay what I wanted to show you was if
you're scatterbrained like I am but you
can do it
here's about 1/4 of a cup of cheese guys
what you do is you put your cheese all
on top of your own chimichanga and then
we're going to microwave this for like
10 to 15 seconds ok ok guys so i melted
mine for a whole minute that's what it
looks like then what you want to do it
pop the hubby's home you can put salad
on top your lettuce tomatoes on top
extra cheese if you want or you can just
eat it like that and then like I said
hold me red salsa you could put it on
the side or you can put it on top this
time you said it's a good that way I can
just dip it so let's break into it and
see what it look like
kicks let's break into it that's the way
looks like it's nice and crunchy
[Music]
that's the hubby just got home from work
just what it looks like it's nice it's
juicy and of course the cheese should
have been on the inside and nice and
melty but I forgot about it so here's
how it came out so what we're gonna do
now we're gonna taste it and see how it
takes it's super hot guys it smells
delicious
and I've dumped a little bit yeah I came
and grabbed it guys put a little bit of
stop sign on here
not much this stuff spicy the red one is
spicier than the green I'm gonna use my
napkin to grab it completely like I was
waiting to see how I'm gonna face mm-hmm
come on now make flavorful tender mmm
really good guys don't forget to give
this recipe a try and I said I have this
so if you guys are new to my channel
thank you so much for subscribing hope
you like this recipe don't forget to
Like share and subscribe I'm being
distracted yeah give this recipe a try
let me know how it comes out and
remember this video is dedicated to sati
understand she's been asking for this
for a long time so it's finally here so
thank you guys for watching take care
and God bless
you