do you think there could be anything
better than to be able to make something
and call it your very own thing you can
impress your family you can Dazzle your
friends even with something as simple as
sweet pickle
[Music]
relish hello everybody I'm the Big Easy
Chef in this episode I'm going to show
you how to make sweet pickle relish this
is relish that goes great on hot dogs
hamburgers it it's wonderful in potato
salad macaroni salad deviled eggs
whatever else you'd use relish for this
is some of the best relish you'll ever
taste I think it'd even be great on ice
cream now I'm also going to show you how
to make that bright green relish that
goes on top of Chicago style hot dogs so
you don't have to worry about trying to
write down the recipe during the video
as it'll be posted at the end along with
a metric conversion chart and complete
instructions so you can kick back enjoy
the video so let's see what's shaking
and get to bacon before you start
handling any food be sure to wash your
hands using plenty of warm water and
soap I cannot tell you enough how
important it is to handle food in a
sanitary and safe manner I'm starting
with 30 long English seedless cucumbers
I think these cucumbers work the best
for pickles and relish as they have more
meat and less seed than the other
cucumbers you can use other cucumbers
however if they have large seeds you
should deseed them start by washing the
cucumbers with plenty of water now I
have eight sweet red bell peppers you'll
need to wash them also now you can start
chopping the Cucumbers you could do this
by hand using a sharp knife chop chop
chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop
however you need to chop these pretty
fine and me being The Big Easy Chef I'm
getting out the food processor and it
can spin spin spin you can see how fine
the Cucumbers need to be cut if you use
a food processor be sure not to make
this into puree just use the pulse mode
and stop when they're chopped pretty
small now now get the yellow sweet
onions ready peel the onions and cut
them into large chunks and get them
ready to take their RI in the
processor it's time to get the red bell
peppers ready start with removing the
seeds and ribs from the peppers and cut
them into large chunks get them ready to
spin spin spin in the processor place
the Cucumbers into a container using
glass plastic or stainless steel
container container don't use any other
metal as you add the cucumbers to The
Container sprinkle some canning salt on
the Cucumbers you're not seasoning the
Cucumbers you are going to use the salt
to draw out the moisture from the
Cucumbers make sure to use canning salt
as other salts could discolor your
cucumbers and you don't want discolored
pickle relish I was able to fit 10
cucumbers into one container so I added
two of the bell peppers and one onion in
the container also once the container is
full add some ice on top of the mixture
you can place the containers in the
fridge or let them sit in a cool spot
they need to set for 18 to 24
[Music]
hours now it's been 24 hours the salt
has done its job so it's time to drain
and rinse the mixture I use a strainer
with a fine mesh I line it with
cheesecloth as I don't want to lose any
of this mixture down the drain as this
is precious stuff once all the mixture
has been rinsed place it back into the
Container to make the sweet pickle
relish syrup in a large pot add 10 cups
of sugar 6 cups of apple flavored cider
vinegar 2 tpoon of ground cinnamon 2
teaspoon of ground
ginger 2 tpoon of celery seed 1 and 1/2
half tablespoon of mustard seed 1
tblspoon of ground turmac 1 teaspoon of
ground clove Heat this mixture on medium
heat just enough to dissolve the sugar
making a nice syrup once the sugar is
dissolve turn down the heat to keep the
syrup warm now pour some of the syrup
into another pot add green food color to
the syrup try a few drops at a time
until you get the green color you like
this is what's going to give the relish
as nice bright color for the Chicago
style hot dogs if you're not planning on
making any bright green relish skip this
step now it's time to get your jars
ready you need to sanitize these jars
you can place the jars in a pot of water
and bring them to a boil hold the boil
for 10 minutes after 10 minutes keep the
jars warm however me being The Big Easy
Chef I'm going to use the dishwasher for
this task I can do all of the jars at
the same time I'm also going to throw in
the Rings my dishwasher has a sanitized
setting you can find more safe food
handling at
usda.gov
place the lids in a pot of water heat
them to
180Â° not any hotter than 180 as you
could ruin the seal once they have
reached 180 turn the heat down to keep
them warm until you're ready to to use
them I have my cucumbers Peppers onion
mixture in two separate containers one
is for regular relish and the other is
for the green relish pour some of the
regular syrup into the mixture not a lot
you don't want the mixture to be soupy
or too wet you want it to be the same as
the relish you buy in the store now I'm
doing the same with the green mixture
for the bright green relish it's time to
start filling the jars I'm using 12 oz
jars and 8 oz jars this funnel works
well for filling the jars fill the jars
leaving about 1/2 in head space wipe the
jar off a clean paper towel works fine
for this job now place a lid on the jar
I'm using a magnet tool it works fine
and it helps to keep the lid from
becoming contaminated with anything
tighten the lid using a ring just hand
tighten to a snug fit you don't want to
overtighten the lid as it could cause it
to seal before it should now it's time
to start processing the Relish in your
canning pot start filling it with
jars you can see this rack I have is a
little touchy you have to stagger the
jars to make the loading easy Once the
rack is full lower the jars down into
the water make sure the water covers the
tops by at least 1 in cover the pot and
bring to a boil once once the water is
boiling maintain the boil for 10 minutes
now raise the rack and allow the jars to
set for 10 minutes before removing the
jars place the jars on a towel or a rack
make sure the jars are not touching each
other allow the jars to cool for 24
hours in a draft free area the lids need
to seal when a lid isn't sealed it is
raised and when it seals it will make a
loud snapping sound after 24 hours if
you have a jar that hasn't sealed
replace the lid with a new lid do not
use the old lid then process the jar for
10 minutes or you could just open the
jar and enjoy the relish it will taste
good but the relish gets better in about
4 weeks this relish came out just fine
nice color Great Taste and it'll look
good on top of a hot dog it will taste
great in some tuna fish and all the
other things that you used relish for
now we know where this relish is going
on top of a Chicago style hot dog
someone told me that Chicago got its
nickname from the hot dog oh no not the
Chicago hot dog but from the chili dog
okay now you've watched the video you
can see how easy it is to make sweet
pickle relish I hope you'll try and make
some soon remember what they say you are
what you eat so eat healthy until next
time I'm The Big Easy
[Music]
chef
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
m
[Music]
m