all right today's little shop project
was we were going to do some two antique
chairs that we got from Ray and these
are for one of Karen's friends that's
kind of needy and needing some chairs
she had no kitchen
chairs and basically uh I thought
getting these from Ray would be a good
project for the shop now what happened
this morning it rained all morning so I
got all the the light sanding done I
just ran over everything with some 320 p
Pap just try to scuff everything up get
it if you don't scuff it up there's a
good chance the paint's not going to
stick now and again we're we're trying
to keep this to a budget
job what I have here and I tried this
this is the first time I tried this
product the guy at the paint store told
me this is one of the better things to
use on old furniture finishing and after
you do a little light sanding and and of
course it says on the can you don't have
to sand yeah I don't think so anyway but
once you do sand this definitely does
give the paint a better bite especially
on something like a chair where you're
going to bump up on it and kids are
going to jump up on it and
whatever now what i notic is after I did
a very light sanding I mean the finish
underneath this is probably uh
relatively old chair I don't know how
old but because it's such a nice quality
chair and we got these from Frank
straubs estate through Ray and they are
really a nice heavy heavy duty kind of
chair they're worth putting a day of
Labor into and this whole project ran
less than a
day now usually on Tuesday we do
motorcycle work go some painting or
whatever but but the way it turned out
this turned out to be a perfect project
for today now what I did they tell you
to put the stuff on with a rag I like to
put it on with a brush even better and
of course with rubber glove I don't know
if this stuff is cuz this is the first
time I've used it it kind of stinks but
if you do it outside I guess that makes
it a little bit better anyway so anyway
one chair got prepped
up in the time it took to do one I
figured because then the sun had come
out and it was a bright sunny day the
rest of the day so I thought this stuff
would dry real nice now what's real good
about this is and you can see it gets in
all the little crevices all the little
spots on uh would be very hard to get in
with a
sandpaper and I guess to a certain
degree uh you know and I don't know
we're going to have to see once this is
all dry just how it uh how it plays out
but I will get to because this is going
to one of Karen's friends I will get to
see these chairs maybe for the rest of
my life I don't know and if the paint
comes off the full Kawasaki warranty
applies so anyway I I really started out
thinking this was going to only take an
hour or so but you know what I don't do
a lot of painting with spray cans and
the problem with doing spray cans it
takes forever to paint something when
you having you know a compressor you
could do these in a very short time when
you're doing them by hand and all this
hand sanding and getting the around the
dowels and everything so it just it
wasn't a big deal to do it and I know
the work is going to be appreciated now
what happened is I I underestimated the
amount of paint we need I
one can per chair and we'll have a can
for a touchup it was really like two
cans for a chair so Karen graciously got
us another can while I was still working
out
there but I was happy to report and the
thing that I wanted to pass on is this
liquid de glosser really looks like it
does work but I still would recommend
anybody doing anything similar to this
just lightly roughen everything up with
some 320
paper now another thing thing and this
is always something I remember from many
years of using spray cans years ago if
you don't shake it you got to shake it
at least a minute and it when they say
shake it a minute it's probably better
to shake it 3 minutes and what I did I
try to let the paint sit out in the sun
and let the chairs sit out in the sun
the reason for that is I'd like the
paint to get tacky as soon as possible
and this way it avoids runs if it's a
cold day cloudy and a paint is ice cold
it almost guarantees you're going to get
some runs in the
paint so once I started using this paint
the only downside again I'm used to
painting with a compressor where you can
put a lot more paint on in one p
but it really doesn't matter it just
it's just a matter of time and little by
little as I saw the color come to life
now the woman that's going to take these
has a very eclectic house and she has a
Shabby Chic table that these are going
to go on and I think the girls really
like the picked out this color together
so if they don't like it I don't know
about that Kawasaki warranty I have to
have to figure it out maybe we'll make
these KTM chairs see if she doesn't like
this color you know I can make these KTM
chairs just make the bottom black and a
white stripe and some zigzags on them
but well stories for another
day anyway once I got one chair done and
cooking out in the sun and this paint in
20 minutes is kind of dry to the touch
then I felt comfortable going on to the
other
one and once I got the second one done
and I kind of looked at uh you know how
this was drying up I said wow this is
going to be pretty nice it dried
relatively nice
now again what I'm what I'm going to
find out from this job is the clear
coats that we use to do motorcycles the
urethane clear coats the
two-part what I want to see is how it's
going to look when this is is all
done and I wanted to get at least one
picture from far away so you could kind
of see how that color was going to look
from far away course it is an
overwhelming color again it's probably
KTM or Harley orange I don't know what
it
is make some KTM chairs
here but even using spray cans you can
really get a job like this relatively
nice
and the cans are about five bucks a
piece you need two a chair so what I'm
what I'm thinking is like for around 20
bucks you got a nice set of kitchen
chairs now what I'm going to do is wait
until the next day to I want this to dry
overnight and then I'm going to be doing
some painting tomorrow with clear and
I'll just use up the clear that's in the
gun to give this a a coat of clear make
it a little more durable and then I have
to put some clear coat on her table but
other than not this this was a pretty
productive day and I know a lot of
people out there you know have old
chairs maybe they want to refinish and
you can do this this kind of a deal for
about 20
bucks