welcome to the how- to go
[Music]
to this
curve all right YouTubers uh today we're
going to be installing Black Diamond
eding this stuff is a vinyl edging and
it's the highest quality that I know of
of vinyl edging that you can get it's
not quite as nice as the uh steel edging
or the aluminum edging but it's entry
levels up it looks real nice and it's
very high quality all right so you're
going to want to go and get your mulch
and your edging from a garden supply
store now I'm not sure if Home Depot
carries this edging I'm pretty sure they
don't care have mulch by the yart it's
usually by the back you save a lot of
time ordering your mulch by the yard you
know and it's a lot easier on you
because you're not lifting those heavy
bags you know you get yourself a
wheelbarrow and and you just you know
you get a shovel pickup if you don't
have a pickup the beauty is you can just
have this stuff delivered even if you do
have a pickup it's probably better to
get you know if you have any more than
three four yards just get this stuff
delivered you know my truck with the
toolbox I can hold like two yards but I
can only go on side streets cuz it's a
mountain on the back of my truck you
know right here I'm only getting one
yard and I'm going to have to come back
and get two more uh so walking back car
into the back of this uh Garden Supply
you know they do a ton of work they do
snow pling and whatever that's beside
the point but what I'm going to show you
is the edging you know I'm helping the
guy carry it right now and this stuff is
like I don't know 15 ft long or
something like that
and it's all continuous one piece you
know so you get a long stretch of edging
all in one piece where you don't have to
worry about a lot of seams or anything
cor now in this video I'm going to be
covering how to conjoin two of these
pieces together and
uh create basically a seamless
appearance that won't come apart I see a
lot of professionals install this stuff
and it starts to spread apart and it's
because they didn't install it right and
I'm going to be showing you some
techniques that they don't use in and
even if you hire this out if you have
someone come out and do it you should
come out there and watch them and say
hey uh I want to make sure you guys
install these themes right because I
don't want this stuff coming apart you
know I cut lawns and so many and 90% of
my Lawns that have black diamond edging
the edging is really high quality but
the
installation has like a few little flaws
where it's coming apart or like you know
uh in my video I'm using I'm always
using the Sala but on this job I'm I'm
actually using the salaw to cut the
roots you know anytime there Roots I'll
cut um I'll cut them and install my
eding now if you got a live tree you're
not going to want to cut the roots in Al
live tree you know if you're trying to
keep the tree alive so if you are
putting this edging around a live tree
you're going to trim the edging like
you're going to take that long piece and
you'll cut the black out of you'll cut
the black part that goes down the ground
you'll cut it off in that part where
there's roots on the live tree that you
want to keep cut the cut the plastic
instead of the roots and have the
plastic go around the roots
that way you're not going to damage the
tree you know you don't want to cut the
roots of a live tree you know uh but uh
anything like thing when I had my saw
just there a second ago I was cutting
you know dead Roots out of the way
um so you'll see me pulling like this
plastic out of the ground and that
brings up a topic of should you use a uh
weed barrier so first and foremost never
use plastic it's terrible it uh
it doesn't
work well it it's bad for the ground
because air doesn't flow then it still
tears up and gets rocks or gets holes in
it and uh your rocks or whatever you put
on top of it end up going through and
mixing with the dirt and you can't ever
get the rocks out of dirt whatever
whatever so don't use plastic don't use
garbage bags and stuff like that they
get
brittle and then they just they get
brittle but then they never break down
while they just get holes and gets torn
up and it becomes part of the soil and
it's not good for the environment so
what you want to do is use the proper
weed barrier okay YouTubers this is how
you make a good
Circle so this is not going to be a
perfect
circle but I'm laying it out now getting
it set how I want it nice and round not
all oval shaped or
whatever
just draw line in the dirt and uh traced
around it with the shovel draw an
outline in the dirt now this worked for
me because I didn't have grass here I
just had dirt so you know I just drew my
line moved my uh piece out the way and
then I just dug my
hole so anyway back to what I was saying
about the weed
barriers
um uh if you do use a weed barrier
you're going to want to use the proper
weed
barrier um you don't want to use plastic
or garbage bags and
okay
uh now me personally for this project I
did not use a weed berrier because with
mulch I don't think it's really
necessary the soil breeds better without
it and mulch can mix with dirt and
eventually mulch will just break down
and become part of the soil and actually
nourish the soil whereas rocks on the
other hand they don't nourish soil they
just take up space and once uh ton of
rocks gets mixed into your soil you
cannot get it out and it just becomes
Rocky dirt that it's just it's just a
mess so if you use rocks I would recom
been using like double a weed barrier
and that way nothing's going to pop up
and your Rocks Won't mix with your dirt
and when you do get ready to change out
the rocks or if you ever have to get rid
of the Rocks the wheat barrier will
actually roll up you'll be able scoop
the Rocks off of the weat barrier and
you'll be able to roll up whatever rocks
are left now wheat barriers are great
and they last 30 years and all this
craziness
but what do you think is going to happen
in 30 years to a weed barrier dirt's
going to form on top of it and weeds are
going to just grow on top of it so the
weed barrier even though it says 30
years it's not perfect perfect and it
doesn't really last 30 years you may get
10 years out of it and then after that
it has to come out now I'm going to show
you guys the most important part of this
video and that is joining two pieces of
Black Diamond
together what you do is you trim it a
certain way as you see the
piece uh laying in the trench here
uh with the cut on it I cut the top part
of that piece
off uh I'm cutting this piece here and
I'm leaving a little bit that plastic
I'm leaving it a little longer there for
a
reason uh that way when I drive a steak
through it'll have something to
catch now I'm just trimming off
everything so it can slide together
close and not have a gap now this piece
used to be attached there now what I'm
doing is I'm trimming the inside of it
off so that I can fold this piece up and
slide it inside of that hole on the
other end and I'll slide both of these
together and it will join them because
sliding this inside of it and it make a
seamless uh connection now they give you
a piece that you can do this with you
slide it in but it is not that
great give you this here this is not as
nice as usually
this put the same away I just showed you
the piece that they give you a pie down
so it's out of now you slide this
in right you slide that in there and uh
now you take this piece the other piece
now you're sliding them together you're
putting one hole in the
other okay and I'll trim that little
bottom part off too just so they don't
interfere there you see the emblem of
what you're looking for when you buy
this stuff it's called Black Diamond
ding or equipment I don't know what's uh
I don't know what you find around the
country here but uh what you're going to
do is you want to drive your steak
through right
here and right here and that's going to
make these two pieces become married
together
forever okay that's the proper way to do
it I see so many professional companies
that don't go through the training or
whatever and tell the uh people they
have working for them what to do how to
do it properly now right here you'll see
me uh mulching into the night you know
uh got to get it
done so I ended up going to the Garden
Supply get another two yards total of
three yards for this area and here's how
the final project product
looks
uh you know it turned out real good it
got I got my seating you know in front
of the uh uh edging there with some bare
spots where I'm trying to get grass to
grow you know um got of all everything
installed worked out real good turned
out nice um and there you have it thanks
for watching like comment subscribe I
really appreciate it