[Music]
hello food tubers I'm Hugh this is Zara
and I'm kitchen day now earlier this
week I did a video a quick one minute
video which uh was how to make bread
sauce now judging by all the comments
which have come in the video should have
been what is bread sauce so I thought
with my backup here we would uh would
tell you what bread sauce is uh
basically bread sauce is a classic
British um sauce so you traditionally
have it with game so or feathered game
so grous pheasant uh Partridge hello D
yeah grass pheasant Partridge those kind
of dishes um absolute classic for that
but we also have it for uh for Christmas
dinner so for Christmas dinner in the UK
we have turkey um and we also have a
kind of Trilogy of sauces so we' have um
bread sauce gravy cranberry sauce those
three absolutely right
now the unique thing thing the unique
thing about bread sauce is because you
have the clothes you have the black
pepper the uh the bay leaf and the onion
it really gives it a lovely Savory
flavor which is absolutely delicious now
I know it might sound a bit confusing
and in fact you know I've grown up
eating bread sauce so I didn't think
anything uh was odd about it but after
reading all the awesome comments you do
kind of think yeah it does sound a bit
weird weird um so uh anyway guys some of
you may try it some of you might
not give it a go it is absolutely
delicious once you try it you're hooked
forever um it will be her first year of
trying bread sauce this year won't it La
princess and um I can't wait to uh can't
wait to make it anyway look thank you
ever so much for all the comments uh
some of them have been hilarious um and
uh yeah give it a go I hope that clears
it up if you got any more questions let
me know cheers guys take care
byebye say
byebye you
wait yeah
byebye