hello and welcome to red bud we're
taking care of five foster care puppies
from the local animal shelter uh Mother
wasn't taking care of them so we're
taking care of them feeding them taking
them out at night taking care of their
basic needs and
um the shelter was kind enough to give
us that uh cage back there to kind of
pin them in uh the puppies are growing
too big for that pen so what I'm going
to do today is I'm going to use some 2x4
in galvanized fencing and just put up a
temporary fence around uh this area of
our yard I'm going to make use of some
um some stands and some wood that I've
got laying around you got Farm it's all
about making do with what you got so
let's get
[Music]
started all right for this project we're
going to be using these decking screws
which I absolutely love they don't have
the Philips head but they do have the
Torx head uh once you use these types of
screws you won't go back to Phillips you
won't go back to Flathead uh nothing
else will do these are great they're
weather resistant already coated only a
couple pennies more than a regular uh
screw uh they're great for putting in a
screw especially on something that
you're going to disassemble later like
we are for for this temporary fence um
because these things rarely strip out
they're awesome I'm still going to pre-
drill my hole
so you'll notice I don't like using uh
cordless drills I like or cordless
anything actually I like the corded kind
uh battery never runs out on me so here
we go pilot
hole pil hole on this Cross Beam support
as well
Cross Beam right now just use an
overlapping uh joint there fit it
together put a screw through nice and
secure going to get it so just come
through the board right
there line it
[Applause]
[Music]
up
going to cut some blocking uh to support
that post uh this 2x3 is just a little
bit too tall for my miter sled so we're
just going to cut this freehand uh kind
of turning the board back and forth to
get the proper angles I've already
tilted my blade to 45Â° let's make the
[Music]
cuts
[Music]
[Music]
all right so we're got the blocks cut
and we're going to screw them onto the
board we're going to be careful to avoid
uh the nails are still in the um
palletwood board uh now our wire is
going to come in we're going to tack
that onto this face here so what we're
going to do is we're going to position
these side
blocks to the
face and so what I may do is this one's
a little bit longer so I think I'm going
to put that one on this side and then
position the blocks like so so and we're
not going to glue them we're just going
to screw them in and uh that's good
enough uh because we'll want to take
this apart in a future
[Music]
date
[Applause]
there we
go we have our
stand plus a little
dust it's about perfect uh what I'm
going to do
is I'm going to uh staple on the uh
fencing onto this side and kind of let
that overhang uh so it comes in over
through the brick uh through a little
bit of serendipity the 2x4 fits right
underneath that brick ledge right there
um so that's going to hold that in real
nice if I snug that in as much as I can
uh and have the fence come out to by
here no puppy going to be able to go
through that nobody's nobody's going to
be able to move that except for us so
uh we uh that's going to work out
nicely all right so here here's our two
2x4 in uh galvanized fencing wire as you
can see on the ends uh last time I
clipped this off and clipped it real
close to the other bar um don't want to
leave these don't want puppies getting
hurt so I'm just going to take my tin
snips here and cut these
off just like
that once you know it's um I'm working
on the project and I'll say it started
raining so can't let that stop us we're
going to keep
going I'm going to use this stapler and
we're going to line up the uh wire with
our stand put in a couple
staples and uh this side will be good to
go all right we're back after a brief
rain delay uh one thing I didn't think
through very clearly is with the stand
and the fencing tacked onto the top of
this 2x4 I'm going to have a little Gap
right here and I don't want any puppies
getting their nose underneath uh so I'm
going to take that board bring that
along from the other side tack that in
and uh that that should snug it up right
against the ground at least until it
gets out in the yard and uh can kind of
match the terrain there so that's what
we're going to do tack it in with some
more
Staples
all right so now we're going to roll out
some of that wire see how it goes if any
place is loose or leaning over too much
or I think that one of the puppies could
kind of sneak under or get hurt we'll
Shore that up we're just playing it by
here all right so so I've kind of
stretched it out uh into the yard a
little bit kind of curved it around that
far tent there because it's going to
rain uh it's going to rain more tonight
uh bring it through and we're going to
wrap around this support pole here kind
of head back into the garage uh tuck it
in right by the garage door we're not
going to cut this uh fencing this is
temporary as I said uh we're going to
use this for another project uh chicken
cou or or something I'm sure um so I'm
just going to tuck in this roll uh it'll
be curled in so there won't be sharp
points to it and Tuck that in right by
uh the
house all right so there you have it
instant temporary fence uh looks pretty
good really uh this should last us for
the another 2 and 1/2 weeks that we have
the puppies until they're uh eight8 and
1/2 weeks old and uh they'll be up for
adoption so take care everybody
come on
puppies come
on
don't