hi everyone I'm Mandy with sugar be
crafts and today we're going to talk
about heat transfer vinyl it's one of my
favorite things to craft with I use my
Silhouette Cameo to cut the vinyl and
then I use it mostly for t-shirts that's
my favorite thing to use it on but I've
also used it on um pillows and bags and
other projects that involve fabric I
love it because you're able to customize
whatever you're making and really give
it that Personal Touch so I'm going to
show you quickly how to do a heat
transfer vinyl project in case you've
ever been um scared or hesitant to use
heat transfer vinyl it's so easy and you
can do it at home with your home iron
that's all you're going to need so we're
going to do a zipper pouch and we're
going to take it from this with the
vinyl we out our vinyl and then turn it
into a really cute bag that you can put
stuff in that's what we're going to talk
about today
[Music]
okay so we're going to go ahead and get
started on how to use heat transfer
vinyl I've already cut the vinyl that
we're going to use um with my Silhouette
when you cut it this is the piece of
vinyl you are going to want to cut it on
the back side so that's really important
there's two sides to your vinyl one is
shiny
and one is Dole the Dole is the back and
so if you are doing an image that has
words on it or something that's
directional you're going to need to
mirror your image because we're cutting
out of the back um for example this
one's already been
weeded you can see and it says crafty
but we actually cut it This Way
backwards from the back and so that's
why it needs to be mirrored you got to
cut from the back okay when you cut you
are going to want to set your settings
to where you cut through the vinyl which
is the color but not the carrier sheet
which is this clear kind of sticky sheet
that's holding the vinyl to it okay so
those are your settings so I'm going to
show you how we we out the vinyl which
is basically taking the background out
and leaving your image then how we're
going to put that image on a fun um
zipper tote like this one you can use a
tool
like a vinyl removing tool or you can
just use a straight pin which is kind of
my favorite thing to use you're going to
peel up a
corner and you're going to take weed out
the
excess vinyl just slowly peel it
away and it should release from the
carrier sheet and you're going to leave
behind what you want your image to
be
after you have the exterior weeded out
you're going to want to use those
reading tools to pick out the insides of
your
letters okay so we weeded from the back
which meant we were looking at it
backwards but when you flip it over you
can see that it says stuff we are going
to put that right onto the bag there are
heat presses out there but a lot of
people at home can just use an iron and
it's totally doable so we're going to
iron it on some things to remember is
that you need it's more of a pressing
and less of an ironing so let's go ahead
and get the iron out and we'll go ahead
and jump into that part of the
project okay so we're ready with our
image that we've already weeded and our
project that we're going to put it on
this fabric zipper bag um my bag has
plastic inside of it
and so I have this pressing pillow which
is going to help the insides not melt
together if that makes sense we're going
to put it in there and then the insides
won't melt okay so I will go ahead and
put my pressing pillow into my
bag that way it won't stick
together next you're going to take your
vinyl you're going to put it on the
project where you would like it to go
now you're going to get your iron
out you're going to want it to be set
between cotton and wool just not on the
highest setting but kind of high I guess
you can do some trial and error this um
clear carrier sheet is made to be able
to just iron directly on to you can just
press right onto it if that makes you
nervous about using your iron directly
onto that carrier
sheet you can also just use a scrap
piece of fabric in between the carrier
sheet and your iron I have my iron
plugged into the
left okay so you can either do it that
way or you can do it this
way you'll know your iron's too hot if
your carrier sheet starts to kind of
crunch
so um this is the biggest part about
ironing heat transfer vinyl it's less of
ironing and more of pressing so you're
going to get your project and you're
just going to press and you're going to
want to press for a good 15 seconds
it'll start to adhere and stick to your
project at about 8 seconds but you're
going to want to keep pressing really
get the vinyl to melt into the fibers of
your
project and it's just a good pressure um
you don't want it to stick and then you
wash it and it come up you want it to be
able to really adhere and attach to your
project so you're going to push it for
15 seconds and then if you're doing a
large project you'll push one area for
15 seconds move to the next area for 15
seconds okay after you do that you will
be able okay so this is pushed and ready
and you will be able to peel off the
carrier
sheet and it will leave behind your disc
design okay we take that pillow out you
can see how it turned out really awesome
says stuff and that is all there is to
heat transfer vinyl it's easier than you
think you're just going to cut it weed
it and press it onto your project um
some things to remember some vinyl is
hot peel and some vinyl is cool peel and
that's just when you can pull your
carrier sheet
off um
you another thing to remember is
layering there's lots of different types
of heat transfer vinyl including glitter
and flocked vinyl which is like fuzzy
and you can layer regular vinyl on top
of regular vinyl but you can't layer on
top of glitter or flocked so if you
think in your mind that glitter and
flocked both have things on top it's not
a smooth surface so it would be hard to
stick something to it so you you can't
layer on top of glitter or flocked but
you can take glitter and flocked and
layer it on top of smooth and that would
work great some examples of things that
you can make with heat transfer vinyl
like t-shirts and pillows and
blankets anything that you can imagine
that goes on fabric can take heat
transfer
vinyl zipper pouches thanks for joining
me today for the quick tutorial on how
to adhere heat transfer vinyl to a
project so to recap you're going to cut
your vinyl weed it put it on your
project press for 15 seconds and peel
back the carrier sheet that's all there
is to
[Music]
it