hi guys in today's tutorial we're going
to be making Agnes from Despicable Me
because she's a 3D cake we're going to
need a little bit of support inside
which you can make your own or you can
pre- buy one so I've bought this one
here and I'll put links to everything
I've used below we're going to make it P
in cake and part in Rice Krispy Treats
so I've melted some marshmallows and
we're going to just add some rice
krispies again I'll just put the recipe
to this in the description box below the
video keep adding marshmallows until
it's as thick as you like now I forgot
to just add a bit of marshmallow to the
underside of my support structure so if
you add your marshmallow before you've
added Rice Crispies this helps and then
once you've done that you can pack in
your rice krispy mix nice and tight
around this uh I've got this upside down
so this is the top half of my stand so
it's 6 in it's the 6-in disc that we're
using and we're putting underneath there
like that that's going to become the
underside of her head now they're quite
messy are the Rice Krispies treats and
you might even want to put it in the
fridge for 10 minutes to harden so while
that's setting we're going to make us
some feet again we're going to use rice
krispy treats for the feet but you can
use cake if you prefer so we're going to
go with bit of a teardrop kind of shape
we want to flatten it so it's flat the
soles and nice and rounded at the top
narrower at the ankle so once that's had
time to firm up I'm going to put a
chocolate ganache over the surface just
to try and even it off a little bit so
I've used a white chocolate ganache and
I'm covering the bottom of the face or
what will become the face and also I'm
going to cover the entire shoe so I've
put the shoes on greased with paper just
so they don't stick once they're set
we're we're going to cover these in
white fondant and I'm going to cut all
the way around the edge of that taking
off the extra so that's the top of our
shoe covered so let's put some
decoration on the top of her foot we're
going to cut a couple of little strips
one for each foot like the little velcro
tab bit that goes across the top going
to stick that in place then we're just
going to put a little marking on there a
little of semicircle underneath that a
couple little lines above you're not
going to see a lot of the top of the
foot when we stick it on and I'm going
to place this on another piece of white
fondant that we've rolled out reasonably
thin which will become the sole of the
shoe and you don't want to press too
hard when you doing this bit because you
don't need fingers to imprint into the
front just using a bowling tool to
create a bit of patterning on the sole
of her foot so we're going to put a
couple of circles in draw a ring around
them and then we're going to put some
lines in I've just got a cake Dow's hand
so I'm just going to use this for
putting the lines in so we want a long
strip now a fondant so could it so it's
nice and even and it has to be long
enough it's going to wrap around the
footage itself or the shoe so we're
going to wrap that all the way around
the bottom seal it at the back and I'm
actually just going to leave them upside
down to dry but we're just going to add
some light blue stripes I've got my
fondant ready colored you can dye it if
you prefer and we're just going to roll
out some strips and put coup pull down
each side on the shoes do the same for
both shoes we'll put these to one side
while we go back to work on the cake
itself so you can use whatever flavor
cake you want I've baked a ginger cake
for this one and I've baked them 6 in
wide and I'm going to push those onto my
cake frame so this is the base of my
cake frame just so I know whereabouts I
need to put the holes and then I'm just
got a cake out to push in holes so they
slop nicely onto my plastic frame so can
you see the holes are closer to the
front than they are to the back I'm
going to put some buttercream in between
slot on our next tier or our next layer
so I've added another layer of
buttercream and then what I'm going to
do is push the top of my cake frame into
that bottom bit so can you see the fit
together there and then we'll put the
rest of the cake on with this belt
together now the next layer of cake I
want to slot either side and put the
holes in as you would before now I've
added a little bit of chocolate ganache
in the middle just to try and keep
everything nice and firm in the middle
and I'm just going to keep wedging cake
in until I can't get any more under the
head and now I've got another 6in cake
that we've cut in half and then we're
going to cut these halves into quarters
these are going to become the tops of
our legs then off each quarter I've just
cut a small Slither where they're going
to push against the cake so this will be
the tops of the legs against the body
then we want to carve this out a little
bit more so that we start to give us
some shape we're going to carve the body
it comes from the neck down a curve the
front I want to remove like a long thin
triangle which will be the part in
between her arms and then I'm just
widening this triangle now I've put it
in careful you don't L too much cake CU
my Cake's quite soft is wanting to drop
to Pieces a little bit so we'll make
make sure we stick that back in place in
a minute just going to take a little bit
off the ends of each of her legs so
that's my basic shape and I'm going to
cover this now in a white chocolate
ganache now you can use buttercream but
because the Cake's quite heavy it will
sink a little bit so I'm going to use
ganache cuz it's got a lot more strength
on it so I'm going to fully cover all
that bottom section she looks a little
bit like a frog at the moment then once
we've covered the bottom section we're
going to add cake now for the rest of
our head so again I've got another 6in
cake you could do a 7in cake for the
head as I actually have to bulk it out a
little bit more shortly and on top of
that we've got a D shaped cake so I've
got a 6-in dome and we've cut the 6in D
and we're just sticking that on with a
bit of buttercream and what I'm going to
do is where I want the face to be a
little bit bigger I'm going to add like
a cake pop mix so I've got my leftover
cake crumbs from earlier that we've cut
off the cakes and I've just mixed them
with a little bit of buttercream so we
get like almost like a dough and we're
pressing these on the face around the
middle area where I want it to be a
little bit wider for her cheeks and then
what I'm going to do is Again cover it
in a layer of ganache so I'm going to do
it quite thin at first then I'll let it
set and I'll go over it again once it's
set I want to Mark in where her facial
features go so I've put a line across
where the bottom of the eyes are going
to go and then I've put a line down the
middle of the face just so I know where
the center is and we're going to cut out
a bit of a curve for each eye so just
make sure you got them the same distance
AP apart from that
centerpiece and then I'm just going to
put a little bit more chocolate ganache
in those eye sockets don't put so much
in that they go back to the shape they
were before you've cut out the
cake I've just dyed a pale skin tone
color in fondant and we've put a little
semicircle just under her chin against
the top part of her body now I've put a
tiny bit of water onto the chocolate
ganache to stick this and now near the
bottom of her face we're cutting out a
little hole which will become her moue
I've got more of my pale skin tone and
we've rolled a much larger piece of
fondant now that we're going to push
onto the face and you can see where I
haven't smoothed the ganache out quite
enough there around the cheeks to spend
a little bit longer than I have done
getting the surface underneath nice and
smooth just give it a gentle rub with
the palm of your hands going to cut
about halfway around the head cuz this
is where a hairline is going to come to
I'm going to before it has time to start
drying we're going to work on that mouth
a little bit just trying to smooth out
the icing inside or the fondant and pull
it down a little bit so she looks like
she's got a bottom lip and we want an
oval shape for the nose so we're going
to push that on I've just flattened it
slightly at the bottom when I've pushed
it on and then using my dresen tour
we're just poking a little hole under
each side for the
nostrils now for the eyes it's not quite
a circle we want a big eye hole or big
Mark where the ey is going to go which
I'm just dting in with my modeling tool
and then we're going to put put eyes in
so the eyes are just white fondant I've
used a circle cutter that's about the
same size as those marks I've made on
the face and then I'm going to trim a
small amount off the bottom just to
change the shape of that Circle just
round off the edges a little bit with
your finger and then we're going to push
that into that eye socket that you've
made put a little bit of water or edible
glue just to stick it in place now we've
got a yellow fondant I've cut a little
bit of a curve in it I haven't worked
too much on getting an exact shape it's
just a strip cuz I'm going to cut a lot
of this off just going to cover the
front part of where her t-shirt will be
so I'm going to trim this just above
where the arms will go cuz the dungarees
are going to come and cover all the
seams of this t-shirt I just put a
little line around the collar so it
looks more like a neckline and another
strip around the back in yellow don't
worry if it doesn't meet at the front
with the yellow cuz her sleeves and
dungarees are going to cover it this
time we've got blue and we're putting a
piece in between her arms and I've tried
to fold it as I've put it in so if it
crinkles it's probably a good thing cuz
it's going to look like it's fabcy and
it's got a bit more movement to it and
then we'll use a stitching tool around
the top and down the middle just to put
some little lines in you don't have to
do this bit and then some more pale blue
to roll around the bottom so this has
got to be long enough that goes around
the back and it's going to come and
cover the tops of those legs that we
stuck on in cake and let's put some
little crease lines in so above the top
of the leg and can you see in the middle
below the leg so that will then look
like the leg is is bending and that's
the underneath of what would be her knee
cut it all along the bottom we want
another panel on the back put some more
creases in just using the back of like a
dresen tool or you can use the
paintbrush handle let's put some more
stitching lines on there Brown strips
this time to put some stripes on the
t-shirt do this front and back cut off
all the edges this time we've got more
flesh color for our arm now I've kept
this quite thick for the arm you can go
a little bit thinner if you want cuz
it's quite a lot of fondant we'll do
that on the other arm and we want almost
a bit of a semicircle slightly longer
than a semicircle in the yellow for a
sleeve again I've left it quite thick so
you might find when you're eating the
cake that you do want to take off a
little bit of the fondant couple of
creases and then we'll add our Brown
Stripes again for the dungar we need
some blue again we're going to roll some
strips and these are just going to go
from the back of the dungar round to the
front tried to get them into a point as
they come to the front so they look like
they're folded and creased just under
her arms you can add stitching lines
again and a couple of creases and she's
got buttons on there but they're kind of
partially covered so I'll just do a half
button or a semicircle in red and we'll
try and squeeze that under her shoulder
then we want to add her shoes now I've
used some royal icing I've put quite a
large amount at the end of the leg I'm
going to push the shoe on I've then
rested it against something so that till
it sets it's going to stay in shape we
want some turn-ups on trousers so just a
piece of blue fondant again some crease
lines across the middle now for a hair
we've got black fondant now I've rolled
this quite thin as I probably didn't get
quite enough black fondant so if I were
doing it again I'd use a little bit more
black fondant than I have here make sure
it's stuck on nice and tight I've got a
few creases I'll try my best to push
those out trim off any extra with
scissors Ora knife and it wants to
really meet the seam of the flesh color
at the front of the face I'm going to
Mark whereabouts I want her Fringe to
come to and I've got a slightly thicker
piece now of black that we're going to
put over the front of the head bringing
the straight edge of it along that line
that I've just marked and then we're
going to add hairlines so I've just used
my dresen toll or veining toll just from
the top and bottom to add in hair so it
looks a bit more like a fringe ears
we've gone an oval of our skin tone I've
just used the handle of my knife to put
a dent in the middle sliced a little bit
off the edge and then we're going to
push that in place so that it's a little
bit lower down than her eyes just in
front of that hairline then we're going
to add a strip of black just in front of
that ear it's going to cover our joint
and look like some little pieces of hair
falling in front of her ear then we want
to add some lines into the back of her
hair as well now I've actually just put
an extra little piece of black on here
just to give it a bit more height and
I've got a cake dowel that's going to go
into the back of a head keeping it
upright cuz this is what we're going to
put her ponytail on and I've got some
more black this time I'm using flow and
modeling paste rather than fondant just
rolled it out and put some lines across
I've just done this quite quickly you
can spend a bit longer on it cut little
bits from the edge with the knife so it
looks a bit more hairlike at the ends
and I'm just going to wrap a piece of
this modeling paste not the piece we've
just cut into but just a plain piece
just around this cake dowel and I'm
trimming just the ends so it looks a bit
more hair like at the end then what I'm
going to do is that piece we've just
done we're going to wrap it around into
the
ponytail so it should cling onto that
piece we've just put on I can do a bit
more trimming around the top of it in a
minute just make sure it doesn't flop
down too much and then just keep
trimming the ends to it looks a bit more
hairlike if it's a bit chunky give it a
bit more of a squeeze to thin it out and
you can always trim any extra off the
back if needed then I've got some red
fondant rolled into a bit of a sausage
shape we're just putting some dents in
get it looks like it's a bit roed and
this is going to become her bubble her
hair bubble or scrunchy and I'm just
going to deepen those
lines and we're going to paint on some
eyebrows now just got dark brown food
coloring now I don't want them to look
too solid so I'm going to try and paint
some little lines on over the top and
I've done it so it's half disappeared
under the
eyebrow and then I've just scraped a
little bit of that off with my modeling
tool so it looks a bit hairier in the
middle do the same for the other one and
I've got quite a pale Brown now it's
actually a chestnut brown that we've cut
with circle for for each eye so quite
large circles then a smaller Circle in
Black fondant just stick that in the
middle of each one then we'll add a bit
more detail so I've just got that
Chestnut food coloring that I used for
dying the fondant and we're painting
that on now going to paint it around the
edge and then we want to try and blend
it in a little bit so just with a damp
brush go over your food coloring if you
want it darker use the food coloring a
little bit more
concentrated I'll put links below to the
food colors and everything that I've
used in the video a little bowl of white
just in the corner of the eye so it
looks like a bit of light reflecting in
her eye and then we're going to go over
the edge of the eye just with a thin
paintbrush in Black if you prefer you
can use an edible pen you don't have to
paint it and repeat on the other ey and
then we've just got some edible dust so
I've got a dark brown here that I'm just
dusting lightly into the mouth just so
it looks a little bit darker and then a
bit of a peachy color just on the edge
of her lip let's give her a bit of
blusher we've just got a bit of pink in
the edible dust and use quite a large
soft brush brush keep it dry to dust
onto the cheeks you can put a little bit
on a nose and her forehead if you
like for the hands I've got two pieces
of the skin tone just kind of squashed
them into a rough round shape but
they're a little bit squished and we're
going to cut out a triangle off The Far
Side of each one for the thumb and then
I'm going to put one two three more cuts
which will make our
fingers just round off the edges of
those cut lines look a bit more finger
likee and what we're going to do is just
push that onto the cake board just the
bottom of each wrist mine are quite
squeezed in together so the hands are
just going to overlap a little
bit there she is all finished now people
do tend to ask me how long these cakes
take to make this particular one seems
quite quick in the video but in actual
time I took two full days to create this
little cake I think she was worth it and
hopefully you guys will enjoy the
tutorial let me know in the comments
below which other characters you'd like
to see me make and don't forget to check
out my other the Despicable Me tutorials
thank you for
watching if you like the video be sure
to hit the thumbs up button and leave me
a comment below you can see more of my
tutorials by clicking on the images on
screen now if you haven't already make
sure you click the Subscribe button to
stay up to date with my future tutorials
there are also links in the description
box below where you can find me on
Facebook Instagram and
more