figs figs are one of the most wonderful
fruits that you can have first of all
the fig tree it is just so perfectly
designed for harsh climates sunny dry
places and fig tree grows really easily
in such climates it provides us the
beautiful fruits of figs which are
really amazing inside the peach fruit
there is beautiful tasty sweet flesh and
lots of small crumbly seeds that you can
eat the real beauty about figs just like
all other fruits is they are tasty and
they are very healthy figs are rich in
minerals and vitamins potassium calcium
iron magnesium copper and others they
are a great source of dietary fiber that
will improve your digestion and they
help to reduce high blood pressure fresh
figs are very delicate and perishable so
a great alternative is dried figs dried
figs can be stored for a long time and
they still remain most of the minerals
and vitamins and they taste just
excellent dry figs can replace any of
your meals breakfast lunch or dinner
they are rich in calories so you don't
need to eat a lot of them to be full as
well figs will help you with those vegan
gains if you want to get some good
muscle mass figs and all other fruits
will help you in that eat fresh fruits
and veggies to get ripped