good day welcome to Todd's kitchen every
now and then I have someone ask me where
can I find vanilla extract or Essence
some people just can't buy in the area
so today I'm going to show you how to
make it at home so join me today as I
make my version of vanilla Essence okay
so with this we're going to start off
with some fresh vanilla beans now it
really does depend on the size of the
jar that you're using of course and on
your personal choice on how strong you
like a vanilla Essence so for this size
jar I'm going to use about three but you
can use four five six it's really up to
you so what we're going to to do first
is we're going to split these beans in
half and we're going to remove all the
seeds Okay so now we're going to place
the seeds into the jar and once the
seeds are in there we're also going to
put in the vanilla bean pod so we're
taking the seeds out of the Pod but
putting the pod in there as well cuz
that's the best and most efficient way
to get the maximum
flavor okay now that we have all our
beans and our pods into the jar it's
just a simple matter of pouring in some
standard vodka
and just leave just enough room up the
top because we're going to be shaking
this a bit okay so now that the LD is on
going to give it a very good
shake and that's all you have to do so
what we're going to do now is it's not
going to be ready straight away it's
actually going to take a couple of
months so you make up a couple of
batches but as you can see this make
quite a lot of vanilla Essence so keep
it in a dark cupboard and the general
rule is every 2 to 3 days just give it a
very good Shake just for a few
seconds just to keep it mixed up and in
say 2 to 3 months it's ready to use and
if you leave it even longer you're going
to get a more intense vanilla flavor now
be people wondering about the alcohol
well this is how most vanilla Essences
are made and after a few months the
alcohol will disappear so you really
don't have to worry about the alcohol
content but of course you're not going
to drink the whole thing you're only
going to use a small amount in recipes
at a time anyway so that is a very
simple way to make home made vanilla
Essence and it's also extremely cheap to
make it at home yourself so thank you
for watching this episode of Todd's
kitchen please check the links down
below to my Facebook Twitter Instagram
and H handy hints Channel and please do
me a massive favor by giving this video
a thumbs up leave a comment and
subscribe and I'll see you next time for
another delicious
[Music]
recipe