Mar and welcome to my kitchen and today
we're going to make something super
indulgent super decadent and really fun
perfect for a Sunday morning brunch or
whenever you have guests who come and
spend the night we're going to make red
velvet pancakes with a cream cheese
icing drizzle let's go see how we make
this
[Music]
it gets started on these really awesome
red velvet pancakes with a little bit of
a Twist we're going to share the
ingredients and then we're going to mix
everything up we're going to start off
with three cups of allpurpose flour so
I'm also using three cups of liquid I
have a cup of Buttermilk and a cup of
whole milk in here and a cup of Greek
vanilla yogurt um you're going to need
1/4 cup I'm using 3 cups of flour so I'm
us using 1/4 cup of
cocoa and 3 tbsp of granulated sugar 3
teaspoon of baking powder a teaspoon of
salt three whole eggs and in order to
get these to be the red color that we
desire I prefer not to use um like four
tablespoons of red food coloring so I
drained a can of beets and we're going
to use as much as we need to make them
the color that we want I promise your
pancakes will not taste like beets or as
Rick would say dirt right cuz he says
beets taste like dirt and I totally
disagree so let's get let's start mixing
these up I'm going to put all my dry
ingredients in here together there's our
cocoa powder our baking
powder our
sugar and our salt and I'm just going to
blend these together so in with our milk
and our
buttermilk and our yogurt you know crack
your eggs in or crack them in a separate
bowl and pop them in there whatever is
your preference I'm going to live on the
edge
today and then I'm going to mix I'm just
going to mix this up I'm going break up
my
yolks that's a little thicker than I'd
like but we're going to fix that when we
add our Beet Root juice so okay you can
see how thick this is actually it's
bubbling a little bit here and there so
we're going to go ahead and add our beet
juice and we're just going to start
stirring it until we reach the color
that we like and this is a similar color
to what you would get if you use red
food coloring it might not be as red as
you like
it still going to be red we're going to
go ahead and pour our pancakes
now I did want to tell you we're at the
end of this batch you can see by what's
left in the batter bowl
um make a pancake before you start
making all the re so that you know that
your mixture is the way you want it um
my mixture I totally forgot to put
vanilla in it so I will adjust and make
sure that the recipe reflects what I put
in here but listen I also realized it
didn't taste as chocolatey as I wanted
it to now you want red velvet to be a
bit on the you know light chocolate
taste so I added an extra4 of a cup of
cocoa to my batter as well as a
tablespoon of vanilla extract you know
how to make pancakes I'm sure and if you
don't you pour it on the hot griddle and
you wait for Tiny Bubbles to appear on
the surface and that's when you know
they're ready to flip then you flip them
and you cook them for another maybe 30
or 45 seconds the red velvet batter
however is not exactly like a
traditional buttermilk pancake batter or
regular pancake batter at all so you
want to keep a close eye you don't want
these to get too too Brown otherwise you
know they just won't look right but the
taste delicious it won't even matter so
we're going to be back in just a minute
and we're going to make the cream cheese
frosting
drizzle all right we're going to move on
to the cream cheese icing drizzle what I
have in my bowl is an 8 oz brick of
cream cheese and half a stick of butter
that's 4 tablespoons these have been
softened to room temperature and we're
going to go ahead and we're going to
beet these together until they're light
and
fluffy thin this out with a little bit
of water about a/4 of a cup we want this
to be on the thin side then go ahead and
continue
beating add about a teaspoon of
vanilla I always free pour no worries
can't really ever have too much vanilla
and a cup of confectioner sugar or
powdered sugar whatever you want to call
it and then we're going to slowly
incorporate this and then we're going to
give it a good
Whip and there you have it it's a little
bit too thick for my taste so I'm going
to go ahead and add just a splash more
milk incorporate that in there probably
don't need the mixer to do that just
just a little bit to thin it out maybe a
tablespoon or
two there we go it's exactly what we
want just like that all right now we're
going to go ahead and build your
delicious stack of red velvet pancakes
with cream cheese icing drizzle right
there is our beautiful platter of red
velvet pancakes here's our cream cheese
icing drizzle ready to be poured on top
and
here we're going to go ahead
it thickened up a little it did but
that's all right we'll go ahead and just
give it a nice
drizzle you can sprinkle this with some
chopped cons I think that looks pretty
awesome let's give this a taste what do
you
think that really
good like dessert
yep
M yeah it tastes like
dessert but also good for breakfast you
know know pancakes are nothing more than
dessert this is just a different way to
make them so those are so good mhm the
pancakes aren't too sweet you can really
taste the cocoa and the chocolatin in
there and you don't taste any beet juice
so I hope you give these red velvet
pancakes a try I hope that you love them
and until next time happy
holidays thank you for joining me in my
kitchen today I hope you likeed what you
watch today and I hope that you try it
and I hope that you love it um if you
like what you saw please consider
consider hitting the thumbs up button
and giving me a positive rating and also
make sure that you hit the Subscribe
button if you're already not a
subscriber so that you don't miss out on
any of the fun we have here in our
kitchen every single day I hope that you
enjoyed it I'm really glad that you're
here thank you for stopping by don't
forget to come by tomorrow until next
time happy eating
[Music]