here's how to stop tomato worms
naturally I'm not sure if this kills
them but it it definitely keeps them off
your
tomatoes and this way you don't have to
use poison so what you do is you put a
little bit of dish soap don't have to
use a whole lot into a empty spray
bottle then you add some
water then you get yourself a bottle of
uh cayenne
pepper I had tomatoes and they kept or
tomato worms and they kept coming back
and coming back and coming back and kill
them all and theyd keep coming back they
didn't really want to put poison onid
plants so this is the way that I got
them to stay away for good so on your
tomato plant you just spray
it with a whole bunch of this soapy
water solution you want to go up and get
underneath the leaves as well get them
hit them from the bottom cuz that's
where a lot of the worms like to hide
and I've heard that using the Soapy
Solution by itself works pretty well I
just U modified it with some hot peppers
because they hate the hot peppers so
when it's still wet you just shake a
little bit of your cayenne pepper on
there doesn't take a whole lot of the
pepper but uh just make sure you get
good coverage and
then they will either be disgusted by
the soap or the pepper and they'll leave
your plant alone and then your Tomatoes
will get big and
healthy and also you want to shake it on
any Tomatoes like I've got one over
here over
here that uh has gotten the cayenne
pepper treatment starting to turn red
and the worms are nowhere to be seen so
hopefully I might actually get some
tomatoes out of my tomato plants this
year instead of feeding the worms I'll
be feeding myself