[Music]
hey everyone hope you had a fabulous
Thanksgiving weekend I know I did my
parents had all the family over and I
did tons of baking and it was a long but
really great weekend and today is I'm
actually filming on Monday so everyone's
off today which is really great and I
got to get up early actually I sorry I
slept in I slept in until 10:00 that was
not early that's probably the latest
I've slept in in a a while this morning
I me and my mom made some delicious
green smoothies and then I decided that
I wanted to film a oatmeal recipe so
it's going to be more oatmeal for lunch
for us today but I still want to share
this recipe for you guys so it's yet
another apple recipe I know you're
probably sick of these apple recipes but
it's just cuz I went apple picking with
my family a couple weeks ago and I just
have a lot of apples cheese up and this
these recipes give me a way to for me
and my family to enjoy the a lot of
apples during fall and isn't fall about
enjoying apples and pumpkin and spice
right so I hope you guys enjoy this
video I'll show you exactly everything
you're going to need so if you're
interested just keep watching and we'll
get right to it for this recipe you're
going to need some peans some ground
flax seed some maple syrup some water
ground cinnamon some oldfashioned oats a
container to put everything in some
unsweetened almond
milk and a couple apples
even if your apples are organic make
sure you rinse them really well
underneath the kitchen
sink here I'm just taking my first Apple
and I'm just going to dice it into
bite-sized
[Music]
cubes
[Music]
here I'm just taking the second apple
and I'm just going to grate the entire
thing using just a regular cheese
[Music]
grater first you're going to start off
with a mediumsized pot and you're just
going to pour in your water and bring it
to slight simmer next you're going to
put your oldfashioned oats right in
there and give them a nice little
stir next goes in your one shredded
Apple along with the unsweetened almond
milk and give everything a little stir
stirring is key to make sure it doesn't
stick to the bottom we're going to add
our cinnamon I'm using half the amount
of the cinnamon here and once again
giving it a little stir so it doesn't
stick
now let it cook for 10 minutes on medium
heat after it's been cooking for 10
minutes take half the cubed apple and
just sprinkle it over top and we're
going to take our flat ground flax and
sprinkle that in give it a little stir
and then we're going to put on our lid
and just kind of let it uh turn off the
heat and let it simmer for just about 5
minutes after the 5 minutes we're going
to take off the lid and give it one last
stir I know it's a lot of stirring but
you know what good oatmeal needs a lot
of love and this is going to be
delicious and definitely worth the
effort so just give that a good stir and
you're ready to start
plating here I'm just taking my pot over
to the counter to get ready to Plate
into a nice big
[Music]
bowl now take the rest of the CED apple
and just lightly decorate it this is
just adding some nice raw fruit to to
your
breakfast and we're just going to take
the peans and just kind of crush them
into your hands you can chop them up if
you like with a knife I just like to
quickly crush them up in my
[Music]
hands sprinkle a little bit more of
cinnamon the remainder of the cinnamon
and just in case you want it a little
bit sweeter you can just take some extra
maple and just a little bit right on top
just to give it a nice sweet
[Music]
topping so this is what your final
product is going to look like does this
not look delicious and I love this
little it's kind of a ramkin a larger
loaf size ramkin I don't know what you
call it but it's so cute and now okay
this recipe to be honest is a big
serving recipe I eat a lot of oatmeal
when I have have oatmeal in the morning
it's a big bowl so I mean you could
definitely split this up and just you
know make it into two portions and then
you could have a smoothie with it or a
fresh uh juice with it just kind of fill
you up um but I know in the winter time
if I eat this I'm going to be full until
lunch like I probably won't even need a
snack um but like I said it is a large
serving so I mean do what you need to do
let's do a taste test and see how it is
does this compared to my old oatmeal
recipe let's
see that's actually pretty
good M so if you like this recipe and
you want to see more recipes and healthy
tip videos like this please subscribe by
clicking this button right here just put
your mess over it and click and you'll
be able to get all of my videos sent
right to you in your uh YouTube feed and
be sure to like the video that way I
know that you guys like these types of
videos and I will continue to keep
making them maybe not an apple recipe
cuz I probably made of them but
definitely more videos for you guys to
um to create and share with your friends
and family so thanks so much for
watching I hope you guys have a fabulous
week and I will see you guys in the next
video
bye this is the little bugger that's
been making loud noises in the
background of my video if you didn't
notice and his name is aurin he's almost
9 months old he's my nephew
say my sister's teasing