[Music]
10 delicious foods you can cook in a
waffle iron bacon put two or three
slices of bacon in every Square close
the waffle iron and cook this way of
cooking is quick and less messy than
stove top cooking because it is enclosed
this method takes approximately 5
minutes depending on how crisp you like
your
bacon tater tots pack the waffle iron
until it is full but be sure not to over
stuff it cook the tater tots for
approximately 10 minutes or until golden
brown eggs scramble some eggs and milk
and pour the mix onto the waffle iron
these will cook fast make less of a mess
and guarantee even cooking use anywhere
from four to six eggs at a time for a
batch of waffle iron
eggs cookies mix together all of the
cookie ingredients is directed and place
the mix into the waffle iron make sure
not to put too much mix in so they do
not spill over check on the cookies with
the toothpick after 5 minutes to make
sure they've cooked all the way
through pretzels shape the ingredients
into a pretzel shape and place that into
a waffle L after it comes out top the
pretzel with any ingredient you like
whether it's cheese salt or
salsa Donuts mix all of the necessary
doughnut ingredients shape into the
shape of a doughnut and place onto the
waffle line this way of cooking Donuts
is beneficial because it does not
involve any extra fats or calories from
oil French toast mix eggs milk and
cinnamon together in a bowl dip pieces
of bread into the mixture and place them
onto the waffle iron this is a
recommended way of cooking French toast
because it Cooks It evenly and
quickly Panini make a panini sandwich
inside your waffle iron put a piece of
bread directly onto the waffle iron top
it with any types of meat sauces and any
other ingredients you like and top with
another piece of bread for a great
tasting panini
sandwich s'mores use anything inside the
waffle iron for the outside whether it
is bread brownie mix cookie mix or
biscuit mix cook this mix into waffles
right when it is done stick some
marshmallows and chocolate in between
two
waffles quesadillas skip buying a
separate Appliance for quesadillas and
use your waffle iron to make them put
one soft tortilla shell down on the
waffle iron top with any ingredients you
desire and top with another soft
tortilla shell to make any kind of
quesadilla
brownies take any boxed brownie mix and
prepare them according to the package
directions but emitting any water or
milk pour into the waffle maker and let
it bake for about 10 minutes once baked
open the waffle maker and let the
brownies sit for a few
[Music]
minutes