[Music]
you are watching a demonstration video
of the hellhole gopher rooster 2000
unfortunately I live in an area where a
number of my neighbors could care less
about their lawns in fact the front and
backs of their houses are mostly made up
of tall weeds and gopher Mounds so their
gopher problem has become my gopher
problem and these little guys can be
really hard to terminate fortunately
I've come up with a Surefire 5minute
solution to kill any gopher that's
foolish enough to leave weed land and
cross the street for a taste of
manicured lawn I first tie off the Auto
kill lever on my lawnmower I carefully
dig through the Gopher Mound until I
reach the actual tunnel I then create a
nice chimney from an inexpensive
adjustable vent
elbow next comes a length of semi- rigid
aluminum ducting just long enough to
reach the exhaust pipe of my lawn
[Music]
mower we give her a quick pull and set
the timer for 5 minutes to break Mr
gopher's tunnel up to a bommy
550Â° with a corresponding air quality
level of very extremely hazardous for my
first attempt at this I used the
flexible hose off of my wet dry vacuum
cleaner and it melted after 1 minute
after that I switched over to aluminum
ducting and the Gopher actually ran up
the duct so that all that was left to
bury was a toasted hairless rodent
Crouton after 5 minutes or even 4
minutes simply untie the kill lever on
the lawn mower because that has already
happened to Mr gopher and any of his
visiting
friends all that's left to do is remove
the ducting and fill in the smoldering
gateway to the Afterlife with a few
scoops of dirt courtesy of the former
gopher's mound building
skills I hope this video helps don't
waste your money on traps and bait this
is cheaper and works much
[Music]
better
[Music]
he