everyone has their bedtime rituals they
get a drink of water brush and floss
their teeth take a quick shower and put
on their dinosaur feety pajamas or at
least I do don't knock my Dino jammies
but one thing I started to do after I
was encouraged to buy an Ayurvedic
practitioner was to start drinking
golden milk at most 60 minutes before
bed but what is golden milk the main
ingredient of golden milk is turmeric
whose main compound of curcumin a
polyphenol from the curcumin plant that
has some serious antioxidant anti-cancer
an anti-inflammatory kick to it there is
another important ingredient - golden
milk black pepper when you combine black
pepper and turmeric you upped the
bioavailability of curcumin about a
thousand times this means your body is
able to take in even more of it so what
did I experience when I started drinking
golden milk won a healthier liver it was
hard to figure it out at first suddenly
I just felt better like my insides were
just cleaner somehow it turns out
turmeric is able to help boost the
livers overall health making it detox
your body more effectively - my brain
was even brain e're than before I like
to think I'm pretty smart but golden
milk up to my brain game 100%
that's because turmeric boosts your
memory and improves brain function and
information recall 3 my colon wasn't so
hit or miss for me diarrhea to
constipation back to diarrhea is a
reality I have a digestive system that
can be best described as angry but when
I started to drink golden milk my
digestive tract improved I wasn't so
Gergely and gassy and I'm happy to
proclaim my poops are now quite
consistent it's nice for I haven't
gotten 6 this could be luck of the draw
but turmeric improves your immune system
helping you avoid getting sick so how do
you make it first make a turmeric paste
you will need 1/2 a cup of filtered
water 1/4 cup of organic turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon of organic ground pepper
instructions mix all of the ingredients
together
a small pot stirring over medium heat
eventually the mix becomes a paste let
chill in the fridge next make the milk
you will need 1 teaspoon of organic
coconut oil 1/4 teaspoon of turmeric
paste 1 cup of almond milk organic raw
unfiltered honey for taste instructions
mix all the ingredients together over
medium heat except the honey do not
allow it to boil add a bit of honey for
taste and drink as soon as it's cool
enough please comment like and subscribe
for more