[Music]
hi everyone welcome to my channel I'm
Gino and I am super excited to show you
guys how to melt almond bark in three
different ways so the holidays are
finally here I am super excited this is
one of my favorite times of the year and
I have been so busy baking in a kitchen
I've been taking so many different kinds
of holiday desserts it is mind-blowing
one of my all-time favorite ingredients
to use when making desserts is Thomas
Burton almond fudge makes it so easy to
decorate cakes cupcakes cookies and so
much more so today I wanted to show you
guys how about this the simplest of ways
using three different so the first
method I'm going to show you today is
the double boiler method so what you
want to do is simply fill a pot with
about an inch to two inches of water you
want to bring the water up to a boil and
once it comes up to a boil then he want
to add in heat then he wants a head
the park and he wants to continuously
serve until it is completely melted this
should take about three to five minutes
make sure you keep stirring however
because the bottom likes to burn really
quick make sure to stir the second
method I want to show you today is the
candy melting method using the candy
melts the machine is super simple
basically you want to start by cutting
up your almond bark into tiny bite-size
pieces just so it is easier to melt then
you just want to continuously mix every
so often until it is completely melted I
like using this method of melting my
almond bark because it is the simplest
and has the least amount of dishes
[Music]
anyone so microwave it for 30 seconds
one semester
[Music]
and eat enough for another 30 seconds
take it out again stir it again pop it
back in for another 30 seconds and he
wants to repeat this process until it is
fully melted for me it takes about 2
minutes of 30 seconds to have fully
melted almond bark but for some people
it may take longer or a shorter amount
of time depending on your microwave
power all right well that does it I
showed you three ways on how to mount
almond burn today make sure you guys
subscribe and hit the notification bell
because I will be posting a lot of
holiday treats and desserts using almond
bark so make sure you subscribe so you
can stay notified thank you guys so much
for joining me today I hope that this
information was very informational for
you all today if you'd like to see any
other Houston videos just leave a
comment down below and also leave a big
thumbs up to let me know that you
enjoyed this video
alright boy remember to keep things
simple yeah
[Music]