John here with pressure point cleaners
we're cleaning the composite deck today
and Eames I just want to show folks how
not to clean a deck like a composite
deck this is like a first generation
trucks material you can see how spotty
it gets
that's mildew it's a very porous
material the new stuff isn't like this
it's much harder it doesn't get mildew
what you don't want to do with this
material you sit it with high pressure
I've got a like a white nozzle here you
know sometimes these are yellow or green
what that'll do is that'll clean it the
first time but what I found is that that
mildew ends up growing back even faster
I think what happens is the high
pressure changes the texture of the
material it kind of opens it up so that
the mildew grows back even deeper and
it's harder to clean so what we do we do
what's called soft washing we're
applying a mildew side here you can make
a version of this from home with just
some some Clorox watered down a little
done dish soap and a pump sprayer you
want to spray that on let it dwell
don't let it dry on you keep it wet and
then you can hit it with your soap
nozzle on your power washer usually
those are black nozzles the ones we use
you can see how much bigger that these
nozzles are these are different soap
nozzles compared to you the
high-pressure fan nozzle much smaller
hole that drops the pressure way down
the soap does all the work you don't
need to hit this with high pressure to
get it clean and it just like I said it
just prevents it from growing back as
fast and as deep if you do it right
so this composite deck cleaning just
wanted to give you guys a tip thanks a
lot