ice is one of the most simple and
effective ways of optimizing healing
after your procedure it works by
decreasing the amount of blood flow to
the area that you're icing this will
decrease swelling allow you to heal
faster and also cause you to have less
bruising when you're applying ice the
first to notice that it's cold then
you'll notice a burning sensation and
aching and at the end of 20 minut you'll
actually feel the area become numb
therefore after the end of every 20
minutes you want to take the ice off let
your body rest for 20 minutes and then
reapply so for the first 3 days after
your procedure you're going to apply ice
for 20 minutes on and then 20 minutes
off ice is part of the regime called
rice which is
rest ice compression of the area and
elevating the area that was operated on
above your
heart there are several techniques to
using ice after
rhinoplasty one such technique is to
place ice in a glove prior to placing
the ice on the face you should Place
either a cloth or a gauze
other techniques for applying ice after
rhinoplasty include replacing the ice
with frozen peas some patients believe
this conforms to their Pace a little bit
better or applying cool compresses
instead of
ice