guys how are you today um my name is
Stephanie and today I'm going to show
you how to clean a ferret's ears and
today's candidate is Sammy we just did
Bear and now it's Samy's turn so um
basically what's needed to clean a
ferrets is is grab some cotton tips um
and some water and that's basically all
you need and then neutri to make a fuss
over them afterwards just to kind of um
give them a positive experience cuz most
pars hate this with a fashion and then
I'll show you what you can do on a more
frequent basis to keep the ears surfac
clean so first things first what we'll
do is dip the cotton tips in water
because you don't want to have dyed tips
going into the ears because it's very
abrasive for the ears and could be
uncomfortable for them and might hurt
them so what you do is just dip the tips
in and I normally just grab a small
handful of tips because you don't know
how much Gunk is lo
in there and um how many tips you're
going to need so it's better to have too
many than too little and have to you
know get them out get the tips out while
you have a squirming little fet in your
hand so so we've got our tips moistened
just squeeze any excess moisture out cuz
you don't want it to be too wet either
but um so and make yourself
comfortable because this can be a quite
difficult procedure for some especially
if you have a very skirm little F like
semi in your arms so what I normally do
is I just make myself comfortable in a
comfy couch use the armrest as um My
Little Helper so it helps me out with
the uh
Q-tips and then what you do is you'll
Scruff your
ferret so you can do it in two ways you
can either Scruff the ferret yourself or
you can ask someone to help you out with
this um and just get them to hold the
back while you hold the front and that
way it just kind of helps you out cuz
it's not necessarily the most pleasant
experience for either you or the feret
so okay so we're going to Scruff so
basically how you Scruff is you push the
fet down and then lift him up see all
that skin that I have this isn't hurting
him the yawning is a natural reaction
and he's just going to hopefully be a
very good boy now so we're going to try
to do this quickly because we don't want
to kind of make him too upset so what
you want to do is is basically at all
times make sure that you see the end of
the tip so that you don't want to be
going too deep into the ear because you
can damage the end drums and push the
wax in too deep and cause problems that
way so what you're going to
do is you'll see that the ear has just a
few crevices and some really hates
this um and you basically just want to
be getting the swab into the
crevices
[Laughter]
Sammy please be good I love you okay
so so I've already got some dirt um on
one tips one of the tips cuz I just
barely got it in there so I'm not going
to use that again always use a clean
swab and there we have some wax so you
don't want to be going too deep in the
wax is meant to be a reddish kind of
brown color it shouldn't be it shouldn't
smell it shouldn't have an odor or
anything like that or it shouldn't be
black otherwise it couldn't mean ear
infections or maybe mites so always
watch out for that um and another good
way of testing if the wax is okay
something that my specialist does is
normally just lets them see if they lick
it or smell it if they're deterred by it
then it could mean mites so um that's a
little tip that I picked up
so we grab another one I'm sorry Sammy
but you're just going to have to be
good okay and he knows exactly what's
going to happen so in this case with a
really squirmy fet like this one it
would be better to have two people but
as you can see his ears are actually
filthy and really need to be
cleaned so you don't want to be doing
this too often once every 2 to 3 months
is probably enough um just because it is
a very sensitive area and it you don't
want to be you don't want to damage the
eard drums or the ears uh or pushing too
much wax in you don't want to be going
into the whole either area it's more
just around the cre crevices on the
outer ear so you don't want to be going
into the inner ear too much so that's
basically what you do good boy Sammy
make a fuss of them when they're good
good boy
Bo cuz that can be a rare thing so
just get all that wax
out from the crevices you'll be a lot
more comfortable afterwards I
promise and then you do the other
side this can
be a little bit of a hassle because the
other side is normally more
uncomfortable more uncomfortable for you
as well so as you can see just kind of
brush the little hair that's covering
his ears they protect the ears as well
oops sorry I didn't even do anything
stop
squirming and just into the
crevices
Sammy be
good
stop so make sure you have a good grip
on your
ferret so that you can actually get in
there
and that's basically it so don't go into
deep into the
hole just make it fair it fairly
um just close to the surface always make
sure you see the tip of the Q-tip or the
um ear clean
tips these tips might seem like they're
fairly small for us but have have a look
in compar into your ears they're
actually quite big so you don't want to
be shoving them in places where it's not
really appropriate and damaging their
ears so always keep that in
mind and you're done good boy and cuz
he's been such a good boy we're going to
make a fuss of him and give him some of
his favorite treat just to make this a
positive experience for him as well good
boy good boy Sammy and we'll just make a
fuss of him for a little while just so
that he doesn't think that it's all
horrible so he's a very good boy for
suffering through that aren't you and
then on a more frequent basis if you
wanted to kind of tidy up their ears
here and there obviously um you know
some ferrets will need their ears
cleaned more frequently than others I'd
say that outdoor ferrets might need it
more because they'll get dirtier a
little bit
more here have that
um but still you don't want want to be
doing it too often but if you did want
to do a little bit of spruce up more
frequently just get a cotton bud or
something dip it in
water and then just run it over his ears
and you can go and this won't damage
them or anything like that but it goes a
little bit you know just cleans the
surface of the ear see it's still
getting some Gunk off so you can always
do that but it doesn't damage the ears
or anything anything like that so you
can do that on a more frequent basis if
you want to keep the ears
clean and that's basically it so as you
can see I did use all those CED cuz his
ear were ears were a little bit more
dirty but um let me know if you have any
questions about ear cleaning um uh any
comments at all anything that I've
missed but yeah I'd love to hear what
you have to say and if you want me to do
any other videos just let me know cool
thank you very much bye and Sam will see
say bye
too look
bye he's too occupied right now okay bye