hi I'm Nick from apt and this is the Le
Crusade 10 and a/4 inch cast iron grill
pan so this is the cast iron grill pan
it's a very convenient design it comes
in multiple colors this one is Cherry as
you can see here the grill marks are
what's used to separate the grease from
the meat as the meat's cooking the
grease will work its way down and rest
in between these and you have two lips
on the opposite ends so you can just
basically lift it up pour out the grease
that you don't want going back into your
food and since it's very sturdy it sits
right on top of your stove top or it can
even go inside of your oven under the
broiler as it's good up to
400Â° so this is the L Crusade 10 and A4
inch cast iron grill pan it's a great
tool for any kitchen check it out at
app.com