our daughter got a wonderful new jacket
from Grandma do you like it the only
problem is they forgot to take off the
security tag at the store here's a life
hack this every look doubt I see doubt
in everybody's eyes except for
mine two
forks you take two forks hold on a
second let's get
the this is the worst idea you've had
all year this is G this okay so let's
put this here now you take two forks
what is you jam one fork you take one
fork and you jam it so that the side is
facing down you take the second fork and
jam it so the side is facing in the
opposite
direction and then simply as this you
pull it
apart simple look at this just pry
it you want to bring in the just pry it
hold on
SEC
twist and
pull
H oh it just dropped the fork on my foot
okay hold on it landed face down I don't
know what the odds are now look we've
got one side go bring it back here bring
it back here bunny bunny bunny bun try
it apart so
cute children hello
oh got it and no ink anywhere no ink
anywhere I I'm bleeding from my toe but
details what do you say what do you say
you doubted me you doubted me yes I did
that's I am so
sorry