hi welcome to HS way channel this is the
second episode for growing 9 fresh
American ginseng roots produced by
Canada Day 14 shows some loot heads with
shoes started to develop red pigment
presumably and sauce onions to protect
new tissues from UV light damaged some
roots also showed pale coral filled
green
10:33 shows some shoes had increased
their cornfield green color for the need
of increasing activity of photosynthesis
day 64 shows intensify the red and green
pigments in some shoes
up to now one should have been fun a
completely dried up on the route the
chlorine ginseng roots have received one
or two tons of tap water per week
for every two weeks they will receive
Miracle Grow all-purpose supreme foot
solution prepared according to
manufacturer's instructions the room
temperature of friend clause was around
54 degrees Fahrenheit or 12 degree
Celsius