[Music]
hello there a while back I had made a
video using these eliminator
spider and insect traps okay I had seen
on YouTube it said to place them down
for two months it's probably been over
two months so that's what that looks
like in the description all I'll put
down when I actually put them down but I
haven't seen any more activity and these
are camel crickets that they're
cannibals once you catch one and another
one comes and wants to eat eat them so
that's why you keep catching them
catching them and I haven't seen any
activity so I'm going to pick these up
and replace them with new ones and see
if I can't change more I haven't seen
any activity down here for a good month
or so
okay this is another trap that I had in
a different location I didn't have as
many to catch on this one
and I'm gonna pick this one up and
replace it also so if you have trouble
with camel crickets in your basement it
would probably work on spiders also put
these down and leave them there for a
good wall so everybody please like and
share this with family and friends and
subscribe and click that like button ok
bye for now
[Music]