hey everyone Tanner Bell here I am your
host for today and in today's episode we
are going to be showing you 12 DIY dog
bed tutorials so if you're not familiar
with the series this is where I share
with you a lot of different ideas for a
certain topic and in today's episode
there's a link that you can just follow
along and you'll see each idea over on
our site little craft day.com it's
really easy and all these dog bed ideas
are so cool so I have a lot of dogs and
I love every one of my dogs but it's
always cool to give them like some
really unique dog bed ideas because they
look cool in your home and that's
something you can talk about with your
friends and family so let's jump right
into it number one we have a dog
nightstand now this is something that is
really cool and you can buy one of these
but everyone that I see is so expensive
they're like 3 to 400 bucks for a
intable or a nightstand that has a dog
bed inside of it so much easier just to
DIY it guys so check out the tutorial
you will love doing that one so that was
number one number two two is a crib
mattress turned into a dog bed this is
perfect for your larger size dogs I'm
sure all my dogs could fit on this one
bed um we have like smaller dogs like
Yorkies but all I know all my dogs could
fit in this crib mattress or the dog bed
if you say and it is super cool so be
sure to check out Redbarn blog.com for
that information number three is an
outside bed with canopy now my dogss
love to be outside but they don't like
to be in the heat
and they don't like to be in the sun
they like to just relax in the little
doggy pool lay out in the shade in the
afternoons so this would be something
really cool for them out in the yard and
I could totally see some of them jumping
into this and just relaxing number four
probably my favorite let's be honest
here it is a dog bed from an intable you
can go find an intable at like the
thrift store paint it up add in a bed or
two and a blanket and you have yourself
a dog bed from a end table it seems
really simple and be sure to check that
tutorial out for all the information
number five is an oldfashioned TV turned
into a dog bed this is super cool I
found these TVs like on the side of the
road that people don't want a lot of
your older family members might still
have one in their garage something like
that would be really cool and the
results are fantastic number six again
is a intable turned dog bed I featured
this one because there's a tutorial for
this one as the other one didn't have a
lot of information on it but I wanted to
show you both features so they're both a
little bit different so they're really
cool and I like this one because the
tutorial is a little bit better so I do
enjoy that one number seven is a
suitcase turned into a dog bed suitcases
are really cool I just found a really
old one at a thrift store that I wanted
to do something with so I thought this
idea was really neat and possibly
something I might want to do with one of
it and I could make two dog beds out of
it and just take it it's like right in
the middle so I have two sides to work
with so I can make two dog beds out of
one suitcase which is really
cool number eight is another old TV
turned into dog bed I really like this
one too because it's a little bit
different the feel of the um dog bed's
different and like when I looked at this
I was like wow I didn't even know this
was a TV um that used to be a TV so I
really like that one um number nine is
one that's really cool is a Murphy dog
bed so you know like those Murphy beds
that go like up on the wall and then you
bring it down they have those for dogs
now too so if you dog sit dogs or
anything like that and you want to have
a Murphy bed for them when they come and
visit but you can just throw it away so
when you have other people at your house
they don't see it this is a really cool
tutorial for you number 10 is the
probably the greatest dog bed with
storage for your dog above it I could
not find the tutorial for this one I was
really upset but you can see the
inspiration I can totally see this being
a DIY and it has all kinds of storage
above it the dog just chills below it
it's really cool I really recommend you
checking that one out on the site number
11 is a wine box bed SL toy box so our
dog has a toy bin and they just like
sort of put their head in it and just
stick in there and get whatever toy they
want and then they just go play with it
and then I have to clean it up
afterwards but this is a really cool box
that they can sort of get in and
probably lay in there or it could be a
bed or Toy Box either way one it's
really versatile number 12 a lot of you
all know palletes are crazy popular
right now so you definitely should make
you yourself a pallette dog bed and
there's a tutorial that you can find the
link to on a little craft your day.com
so I hope you guys enjoyed if you decide
to make any of these please share it
with us you can use the hash little
craft J your day on any social media
sites it will be able to for us to see
it and we'll like it and follow you so
hope you guys had a great time with me
today be sure to check out our website
for more information on any of these
tutorials the link is always the first
link in the description if you enjoyed
this and would like to see more videos
like this or exclusive DIY tutorials
that I create that's not been anywhere
else on the internet subscribe so thanks
for watching guys hope you have a great
day
bye