what's up everyone bramman Justin here
from bramar bar services with the also
talented watchmojo.com that's right and
we're once again back at the beautiful
backa restaurant in the oldport and
today's theme is all about Italy hey yo
I could have swear I just saw the Jersey
Shore boys behind the
bar no BR I'm talking about real
authentic Italian oh my apologies okay
well keeping with the Italian theme
we're going to make a couple of
different Italian cocktails today but
we're going to start things off with the
amaretto sour So today we're going to be
talking about one of Italy's most
popular lures Amaretto that's right in
1525 Leonardo da Vinci was caught
sleeping with his widowed in Keeper in
the church no no no it was actually his
assistant Bernardino Luen who fell in
love with the Widow my apolog and in
return received a bottle of steeped
apricots which is now known as amarto oh
okay well that's cool sorry my apologies
today we're rocking our um man Beret
which are very popular in Europe uh and
we're also going to put a little twist
on the Amoro sour we have our Amoro our
lemon juice our simple syrup which is
sugar and water our rice our egg whites
and of course our sugar okay so we're
going to take an ounce and a half of
Amoro we prefer doono but you're welcome
to use any Amor you like we're going to
take about an ounz of lemon juice
carefully prepared by BR
mow dash of simple syrup for sweetness
put a splash of egg whites and these are
ready regular egg whes that you can
separate at
home of course the most important part
the
shake we're going to rim your glass with
sugar you know it's often assumed that
the word amoretto translated means
almonds but it actually is derived from
the word Amaro which means bitter very
proud of you bro thank you I learned
something today so we're going to add
ice into your
glass we're going to strain over fresh
ice now for those of you wondering about
the egg white it actually adds some body
and texture to the amiro and could be
considered part of your daily breakfast
home it's very safe to drink there's no
worries and next thing you know you'll
be like
Rocky okay so we made our Amoro sour
which Justin mentioned was the most
recognized and popular uh Italian lure
but of course there are many other lures
there are many others and I mean because
Italians love their spaghetti meet the
balls so much a lot of their drinking
revolves around eating that's right so
we have our basic app tis like Campari
Martini Roso DJ like sambuka and AA and
of course every Italian's favorite graa
yeah only the Italian's favorite
everyone else is known as Devil's
[Music]
water okay so in honor of Italy's
favorite past time we're going to make
one more quick easy drink called the
Ferrari so we're going to add ice to our
glass we're going to have 2 oz of
martini Bano and about a half an ounz of
Amaretto we're going to
stir B with his nice form and
technique well done and we're going to
add strawberries for a nice little
Ferrari red garnish so just remember
that Italians like their cars drinks and
women all the same way fast I'm also
pretty sure that applies to the bedroom
also You better lock it up you lock it
up so we hope you enjoyed our little
trip to Italy remember that even if
you're not Italian you can make these
drinks at home
alimo what does that even mean forget it
see you next
[Music]
time