[Music]
he
[Music]
girl hey everyone today I'm going to
show you how to make a coffee free
version of a Starbucks cookies and cream
Frappuccino if you enjoy this make sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe for
more videos like this let's get started
after seeing my last Frappuccino video a
lot of you guys requested a coffee free
version so all you'll need for this one
is a cup of ice and a cup of milk I'm
using full fat because that's what they
use in the frappuccinos at Starbucks
[Music]
the next ingredient is cookies and cream
ice cream just add a large tablespoon of
that in but if you'd prefer not to use
ice cream you can leave it out all
together and just toss in a couple of
Oreos and I actually prefer this version
to the ice cream one so it's all up to
you though whichever one you want to do
this next step is a secret ingredient
that a lot of people leave out when
making Frappuccinos this is Zan gum you
can find this in the gluten-free section
at Walmart or Whole Foods or fries and
all it does is just make the Smoothie
thicker and just easier to blend so just
add in a small amount of this to your
Frappuccino mixture and you'll be good
to go and just blend it up like normal I
definitely recommend using the zanthin
gum because I was so surprised at how
smooth and creamy the mixture turned out
when I was done it made it 10 times
better the last step up been making this
is the Oreo topping so I just took two
Oreos placed them in my blender bottle
and Blended everything up just to get
little Oreo crumbs so I sprayed on some
whipped cream and then topped it
graciously with these little Oreo crumbs
which just make it so good and perfect
and it just looks exactly like the ones
at Starbucks so I hope you guys will try
this out and send me your Recreations on
Twitter because I loved seeing them from
the s'mores Frappuccino video I'll
definitely have that video linked at the
end of this and also in the description
box so check there for all my social
media links as well and I will talk to
you guys in my next video
[Music]
bye