hi guys welcome back to Red Ted art and
our craft basic Series this is an extra
series of videos in addition to our
normal Monday and Thursday crafts
showing you some Basics so that you can
complete our other crafts now today yes
you've guessed it it's about sewing on a
button now I've taken a nice big button
here and some felt fabric just cuz it's
easier to demonstrate but the method is
the same for everything so firstly you
need to thread your needle I've I've got
like I said I've made it wet I'm
pinching it flat and I'm going to just
carefully thread it through now like I
said I've picked some thread here that's
quite thick just so you can see it but
obviously normally you would use normal
cotton and you would match the color of
the button now first do you tie a knot
to tie a knot you make a little Loop so
you've got a loop and then you push it
under and through okay here we go so
that's a little knot then you have to
position your your um button where you
want it so if you want it here I'm going
to come in from the back with my
needle like so pull it through the knot
is now holding my uh thread in place and
now it's time to sew on my button now
most buttons have got four holes like
this one um some of them only have two
but with four it's quite nice to go
across and then across to make like a
little X but if you want you can
actually go and make two little neat
lines as well but I'm going to do a
little X today so you've got the button
on now you go to the opposite hole and
you push through
to the back and make sure it's all tied
so I've got the first stitch in place
now you repeat
that two three maybe four times it
depends a little bit on your um on your
thread and how thick it is this one's
quite thick so twice will be enough but
I think doing it three times is good
okay so now I've got twice so the next
thing you need to do is is with the
needle at the back you need to kind of
Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle until you find the
hole like so and push it through
through and then you go opposite push it
through and pull it tight okay so again
you're going from the back I can't see
it so well from that side let's do this
side you go in from the back you try and
find the hole wiggle wiggle until you've
got the hole and then you pull it
through and round like so so that's the
basic um not uh sewing off on your
button but what you want is when you
have a button on you obviously it's has
a tiny like millimeter away from the
side of the fabric and that's so it's
easier to not things you know to to
close your button and have the fabric
sit in place neatly without ripping the
thread so what you do now as you you
take your thread and you push it through
behind the
button like so and then you wrap it
round
once twice oops
see
and three times now what that does is it
raises a little bit but also really
secures your thread then you go in push
the back the needle back to the
back like
so okay and then it's time to kind of
cast off your Stitch so to secure
it get your needle you find one of your
old stitches so like this one go
underneath like that and now you wrap
this round like so and pull so basically
you're creating a little
knot and I like to do two or three of
these I'm going to do two I think so
again I'm going to find a little Stitch
like this wrap this
round and then you've got a little knot
and now your time to it's time to trim
these
off and trim and there you have sewn on
your very own button now that was really
really well easy once you get the hang
of it obviously it's a little bit tricky
at first but you know do have a go it
isn't hard to sew on on a button and
once you know how to do it you can fix
all your buttons on your shirt or or
your trousers or whatever but also it's
really nice for um making crafts so if
you're doing like a little cuddly toy or
something it's really nice to have some
button eyes or button nose or some sort
of feature so I think it's great to be
able to know how to sew on a button
anyway I hope you like this video give
it a thumbs up check out my other craft
basics in the iards and down below
subscribe to the channel and hopefully
see you here again soon thank you and
bye