hello my name is Grant McNary I'm with
bushel in the basket today I'm going to
show you how to do a pH test on your
soil I have right here a electronic soil
tester it's by ferry and Morris Seed
Company what you have to do is you have
to first come down here take off the two
top two Ines of top layer then you need
to mix it up the soil really good and
you need to get it wet to where it's
kind of a muddy consistency I've already
done that
already there's two settings on here
there's a pH setting and there's a
fertilizer analyzing setting and what
we're going to do first is a pH setting
so I've got that on there I'm going to
set it in
here and I'm going to wait for a minute
just to see how high it goes uh
currently it's at a ph of 7 but we got
again give it about a minute to uh see
what level it goes up
to right here I'm going to go ahead and
put a blueberry plant last year I had a
blueberry plant that died so uh I also
give you a a chance to see how to uh
plant the blueberry bush what we're
looking for is a pH level of 5 1/2 to
about 7 for a blueberry they like
acidity
soil right now uh we started off at 7
we're currently at uh just above 6 and
1/2 and we've got a couple more seconds
before that goes so what I'm testing for
today is like I say the pH level just to
know whether or not the uh soil is
appropriate for the blueberries and I'm
also going to test for uh how much uh
fertility is in the soil and the reason
I'm going to do that today if uh I need
more fertility which I think I'm going
to I'm going to go ahead and uh put some
fertilizer down for the
soil so it's been about a minute and
currently the setting if you want to
take a look at that and show them there
it's just above 6 and
[Applause]
1/2 yeah that
doesn't Okay so that's the setting so
now I'm going to go ahead and pull this
out so we know the acidity the pH level
is perfect for the uh uh
blueberries we got to go over here and
clean this
off
comes with a little pad right here so
after you're done with the test you need
to clean off it pads
again so the probes been clean I'm now
going to took it to the fertilizer
section of it down with the bottom so
this isn't going to take as long again
we put it right back
in
and actually right now give five
seconds and it's actually at the low end
it's
uh we've got too little and then you
have ideal and then you have too much
and uh actually we are going to need to
put some more fertilizer it would still
work but it's at the low end so anyways
that's how you're going to take and uh
use a soil tester I recommend you test
your soil when you uh get ready to plant
to make sure that your plant is suitable
for the soil this is Grant mcir with
bushel the basket thank you very much