folks one of the one of the main
questions you always find about hats is
people always ask how do you take care
of them whether it be a straw or a felt
it's very easy and simple I don't care
if you're buying a 4X or 100x hat
they're all very easy and simple to care
for most of your Felts are very basic
for a brush off right now we have a 100x
fail a 100x hat by Bailey of their felt
and anything to do whether it's 4X or
100x it just makes sure you're going
counterclockwise with the brush I myself
prefer to do the crown first because any
dust that's coming off of that Crown
will wind up down on the brim so you get
that Crown clean and then as you're
going through the brim just go
counterclockwise any soft brush will do
a horsehair brush there's different
styles there's elongated ones this one's
a little handier because you can get a
angle on the hat to get it clean and
just a nice simple even Strokes almost
like you're painting a canvas and you
can see the difference almost right in
here where I've brushed and where it's
still dirty you can see that difference
so as you come around that'll all start
coming off and next thing you know
you've got a hat that looks like brand
new now whether you've had this hat a
year or two just a nice simple brush
from time to time will keep that hat in
great shape and keep it looking like
brand new so when you go to the rodeo or
to the dance or to the concert or right
to the boardroom you'll be looking good
in a Bailey