hey guys thanks for stopping by
Ballistic Barbecue today on this video I
am going to be preparing grilled
lemongrass rack of lamb with Tamarind
sauce and this uh recipe was actually
created by the executive chef of a
restaurant called the Slanted Door in
San Francisco the guy's name is Charles
fan that's PN awesome cook and I'm
really looking forward to giving this
one a go so let's get
cooking
all right we're going to start off by
making that marinade for the lamb and I
have here four stocks of lemongrass and
this stuff is very Stout I mean it's
almost like a bamboo we're going to go
ahead and
discard the outer shells or the outer
blades
here we're going to get to the nice
softer kind of a pulp here inside
and then you start cutting into this you
can really start smelling it you can see
how it's you know white now instead of
this green color that's what we're going
to
use all right so what we're going to do
is cut about I don't know four five Ines
up and just start mixing
it
then we're going to take this and
actually mix it into smaller pieces just
a coarse
chop all right so this is one stock of
the lemongrass we're going to do this to
the rest now so we're going to have a
total of four stocks minced up all
righty so all my basic prep work is done
now we're going to get this marinade
going now at this point you're going to
need either a mortar and pest or a food
processor and I love using my mortar
it's this old school volcanic Mexican
thing and I dig it and I think it just
opens up all these you know flavors and
everything so that's what I'm going to
use so it's going to get kind of crowded
in here I'm going to pour in my
lemongrass and four stocks of lemongrass
and I have here two tablespoons of grape
seed oil you could use canola oil pour
that in
there two tii chilies that I've mined
finely and the little goes a long way
with these guys so if you want it really
hot you could add more or add less and
you could probably get away with one of
the other chilies you know jalapeno or
one of the more mild chilies and I have
here four shallots that I've minced
finely now I'm just going to go to town
on this
thing all right this is what I'm looking
for nice and mushy kind of paste like so
we're going to set this off to the side
here and grab the bowl nice glass bowl
we're going to start adding the other
ingredients for the marinade I have here
1/2 cup of
sugar another 2 tbspoon of grape seed
oil and 2 tspoons of that magic Elixir
fish sauce yay stuff's
awesome I'm going to go ahead and get
this all stirred
up we're just going to let this sit for
a while until the sugar starts to
dissolve and then we're going to add the
other ingredients so see you in a bit
the sugar is nice and dissolved now in
that liquid mixture what we're going to
do is take the lemongrass mixture and
combine the two get it all nice and
mixed up set it aside and we're going to
get those lamb chops cut let's get going
all right so here's my rack of lamb
beautiful beautiful cut of meat it's
been frenched what we're going to do is
cut this up into chops and we're going
to use two bones per chop so let's get
the cut in
here
all right lamb chops are chopped and
let's get those uh put in the marinade
these are beautiful pieces of meat I'll
tell you that beautiful pieces of
meat I'm just going to get these nice
you know what using my hands get these
all nice and mixed up here in this
marinade all right what I'm going to do
is cover this bowl with cling wrap and
I'm in the fridge and it's going to
marinade for 2 to 3 hours in the
meantime we're going to get started on
that Tamarind sauce all right so we're
going to get to making that Tamarind
sauce and the first ingredient
is you got it Tamarind Tamarind paste
now we have a couple options for this
Tamarind paste you can buy it pre-made
comes in a jar available at Asian
markets hispanic markets online whatever
or we can make it from scratch which is
what of course I've decided to do
because I do everything the hard way um
what we're going to do is I've got a
little over a half a pound of Tamarind
pods here because basically I want to
end up with a half a pound or so of the
seeds now if you guys have never seen
one of these things it's just a you know
hard hard pod you crack it open and
there's the uh goodness inside
there it's a series of seeds and it's
got like a nice sticky pulp on it if
you've never had t Cameron you're
missing out guys it has got an
undescribable flavor I mean it's it's
sweet it's sour it's Tangy it's good and
it's actually one of the key ingredients
in Worster sauce believe it or not look
at the label um so what I'm going to do
is get all these things hold and then
we'll move on to the next step all
righty so we have all of the tamarind
seeds removed from their pods next step
is to get them in some hot water behind
me I have about a cup or so of water on
the boil we're going to get those seeds
in the water okay so the Tamarind is all
softened up now we're moving on to the
next step now if you're going to make it
fresh like this you'll need a Sie or you
know a collander or something I got this
oldfashioned Riser here that what I'm
going to do is go and pour this liquid
through it then we're going to put all
the seeds in here with a pulp and we're
going to press it through this Riser
into the
bowl
and I just want to go ahead and press
this up against the walls and just get
as much of this stuff as I can into this
bowl cuz there's a lot of good stuff in
here like I said you could use a Sie and
just a back of a spoon to do the same
thing or you can buy it in a
jar oh jeez
all right I've squeezed about as much
pulp as is humanly possible from those
seeds but I ended up with a decent
amount
here and I'm pretty satisfied so we're
going to move on I have here 1/2 cup of
sugar that I'm going to add just regular
white granulated sugar and another 2
tblspoon of fish
sauce get that mixed in really well and
into the party we're going to add
just a little bit of fresh squeezed lime
couple
teaspoons we can adjust the flavor as
you
need and that's it I'm going to allow
this to you know melt that
sugar and probably going to simmer it
just a little bit just to kind of help
that out and when we serve this with the
lamb we're serving it warm so the next
step will be getting those bad boys on
the grill still have couple hours left
yeah couple hours left so I'll see you
out the in the grill when uh when it's
ready to go all right so I had the lamb
chops in the marinade for just under 3
hours took them out of the marinade and
I shook off just some of the extra you
know goodies on there but I left a few
of the like the lemongrass some of the
shallot and everything on there and
we're going to go ahead and just give
these a little seasoning with some
kosher salt and some ground
pepper
as you can see this one here is a bit
taller than the others the bone was a
lot more spaced so it's just something
we'll have to deal with while it's on
the grill I'm not going to worry about
it you know if we're in a restaurant
they get all particular about those type
of things but here in my house it's
going to taste just the
same all right so Grill is all preheated
ready to go let's take these guys
outside and uh get these cooked all
right so we are ready to get these be on
the
grill and I do have a a CO a cool zone
right over here just in case and also as
you can tell these are pretty thick lamb
chops so I'm actually going to be
grilling these on all four sides rather
than just the two again since they are
so thick and I'm looking at probably 2
to 3 minutes per side and if you're
using a thermometer you want to get to
1251
30 all right it's getting very close to
being done now and what I'm going to do
is base these guys with that Tamarind
sauce that I
made basically what I want to do is just
get a little bit of a caramelization
with the sauce I don't know if this is
what Charles fan does but this what I
want to do so I'm doing
it all right guys so these are done what
I'm going to do now is just take take
them inside let them rest and uh we'll
get them all plated up for you all right
guys and here it is looks good smells
even better let's give this a shot
here you can see a
nice me get it up there nice medium
rare wow it's really really
tender
M this Tamarind stuff is killer it'd be
it'd go great on like pork ribs I'm
going to try
it
wow anyway guys thanks again for
stopping by I will see you on the next
video
cheers