hi I'm Renee Bloom and here to talk
about what to do if you have a nail that
is bleeding on a
dog sometimes when you do cut the quit
too close you'll need to stop the
bleeding right away a quick and
efficient way to do this is with septic
powder or quick
stop just wet your finger dip it
in and apply it to the
nail if the Nail's bleeding apply
pressure with the quick stop for a few
seconds it should stop
immediately if you don't have this at
home and you you've clipped your dog's
nails at home and they start bleeding a
bar of soap also works just rub it on
there until it
stops if you cut the quick too far down
it will bleed depends on how far you've
cut the quicks if you cut the quick
really far if you misjudged it you're
it's going to gush out blood so you need
to quick wipe that up as fast as you can
and get septic powder on it another ways
dogs can rip their toenails especially
their D claws they have a toenail on the
side it could get caught in something
could split the nail that would be a
bleeding nail soap would not work in
that case you would want to apply
pressure to it with a cold rag for
approximately a minute just a cold rag I
wouldn't wrap it just apply pressure to
it for a
minute if it's a deep cut you do not
want to use septic powder it's has a
stinging agent it's for minor cuts