hi I'm max - cheese celebrity chef and
lifestyle expert today I'm going to show
you how to do an oven baked Italian
sausage now what you want to do is find
a sausage that you like whether it's
mild or spicy you be the judge
wash them off make sure they're clean
have a little dish here ready oven safe
make sure it's an oven safe dish we're
going to take the sausage we're going to
place it right into the dish we're going
to score it and if you want to take a
fork as well and prick it scoring it is
just basically a little X on top of the
meat like that score that or if you want
to just take a fork you can prick it as
well we're going to take some garlic cut
it in half put it right into the dish
some olive oil make sure your oven is at
350 to bake this sausage pour that right
on top if you want to add salt or pepper
feel free to do so spice it up the way
you like and then all we're going to do
is place that into the oven for about 30
minutes or so and we're going to check
on it and now we have our oven cooked
Italian sausage ready we had in the oven
at about 350 375 depending on the
strength of your oven we're going to cut
it up now make sure it's not pink inside
you really want that wonderful color to
be cooked that cooked color and then
after we slice it up we're going to put
it right onto a dish or if you want to
put it on that cutting board that's
another way to do it and serve it on
that it's delicious slice it up it's not
pink inside and that's how we do an oven
cooked Italian sausage I'm max - Chi
thanks for watching and bon appetito
you