hey YouTube this is melody Bunton today
we're going to make rice and peas we're
going to need 1 cup of black eyed peas 3
cups of easy cook long grain rice some
fresh thyme or dried thyme that's what
I'm using so that's 1 and a half
teaspoons of dried thyme and this is
optional here this is cumin seeds I have
1 teaspoon of cumin seeds ok so what we
need to do we need to wash our piece and
and we need to wash it with in cold
water
ok
okay so we just cleaned to peds and then
we're going to transfer it into the pot
the peas are now in the pot so just need
to add some hot water and allow the
paste of all this can be boiling for
about half an hour it all depends on the
peas some peas take longer to cook than
others so you need to just test your
peas halfway through cooking okay so
we're going to check on the peas it's
been cooking for about fifteen minutes
now so if you can see the peas are
starting to expand they're starting to
swell because they are starting to cook
and you can see that the color of the
water has now changed it's sort of like
a kind of brownish color okay so just
going to check and see how our PZ is
doing if it's cooked by the looks of it
it doesn't look like it we just
test it so just put some in the pot lid
and you try to try to see if you can cut
it with the spoon okay and as you can
see it's not cutting so that means that
it's not ready so I will just put it
back to boil and check it in about
another 15 minutes okay now what you can
also do as well to try and speed up the
process or if you have some peas that
seems to be taking a long time to cook
you can also add a clove of garlic into
the pot and just stir the pot and leave
it to boil that will force it to cook
quicker
right so we're going to check peas again
this is about just going over half an
hour boiling okay so I'm going to take
some peas put it into the pot lid okay
you can see that it is now cooked and
you can see that it's been cooking so it
and how the pot lid looks and it's
covered with peas so that's a good size
that knew that is correct so what I'm
going to do now is that I'm going to add
the butter add one teaspoon of butter
one-and-a-half teaspoons of salt and
going to add our dried thyme and as I
said this is cumin seeds and this is
optional so you don't have to put this
in but today I'm using some human teeth
and you just mix the pot and while
that's cooking I'm going to prepare the
rice so I will go and wash the rice so
begin to wash the rice so watch out for
the start okay the grass has a lot of
stock in it
they're gonna wash to us and as I said
in my previous video you can use a sieve
or colander if you prefer or you can
just wash it in a bowl as what I'm doing
okay whatever is easiest for you so you
just need to keep your mashing the rice
until the water becomes clear so you can
see it's quite some Klaudia in my mouth
so I've washed the rice I'm now going to
just add some hot water and I'm going to
leave it for about two minutes okay just
to make sure that the starch is
completely washed out of the rice so the
rice is washed so what I'm going to do
I'm going to add the rice into the pot
so we just add in the rice into the pot
once the rice is in the pot you just mix
everything and increase the heat under
the pot okay let's give it a good mix
what I want to do just add a tiny bit
more water
- the rice potations gonna add some foil
on top of the pot and cover it with the
lid and will now lower the heat on the
pot and allow the rice to cook the
reason why I'm using the foil is because
foil is a conductor of heat and it will
increase the cooking of the rice so the
rice will cook very quickly with the
fall if you don't use the fall it will
take longer okay so we're going to just
check the rice and peas now okay just be
careful when you're removing the fall as
the heat is trapped underneath okay so a
lot of steam will come out and you'll
burn you so just be careful so the rice
looks about cooked so the aim of it is
that you want all the water to dry down
and you want the rice to be cooked soft
and it's be soft and tender so it looks
about cooked so what we need to do just
turn off the heat and I'm going to slab
it out so there we have it rice and peas
made with black-eyed peas I hope you
liked this video please like subscribe
and comment below thank you very much
for watching have a good day take care
bye bye