hello youtube this is gonna go a geeky
Asian dad and today we're going to make
a chocolate fountain we're gonna use
candy melts and we today we want to have
the blue ones so I'll show you how we do
it
alright normally for our chocolate
fountain we use the Wilton of chocolate
Pro there's no oil knead it you just
melt it and it works perfectly fine but
today we're using the candy melt and it
requires a little bit of oil with it
so the normal chocolate fountain
requires four pounds and this is just
under 4 pounds of chocolate yes that's a
lot that's basically two of these in
addition to this for every two pounds
you need a quarter cup of oil I'm just
using standard canola oil so this is 2
pounds and this helps it thin it out so
that's one for the two pounds and that's
two all right so we're gonna do is I'm
gonna place it in the microwave place
this microwave one minute then we stir
we take it out and we stir it hasn't
really melted but you don't want it to
burn just stirring it all together
one more minute and you just keep doing
this until it melts we've melted it with
four pounds one last stir like a nice
consistency in which it flows so what do
we do next we take it to the fountain
all right
so we've been heating it up for a little
bit before and now we're it's going to
pour it in and let me turn it on
there it goes I pour the rest of it in
we'll see how it looks all right so we
finished our Cascade of the blue
chocolate how to add about an extra half
a cup more oil you want the consistency
so it cascades down that beautiful and
not have gas so you enjoy it with
pineapples shortcake strawberries cream
paws Oreos whatever you do that's Jean
like Dukey Asian dad on our chocolate
fountain I'll see you soon