[Music]
first off I have a little container that
I've cleaned out and I'm taking off the
lid then i'm taking some super 77 and
i'm coating the entire thing with it so
what i'm doing is i'm spraying it then
i'm laying the fabric over it and then
rolling it as I go I'm just doing it
lightly and I am using a mustache
material that I got on Amazon and I will
have a direct link as to where you can
provide that and I'm just laying it
gently over it and making sure that it
lays flat that there's no room then I am
filling it back and then spraying it
again and then laying the fabric over it
again and then blowing as I go and then
I'm just continuing the process until
completely done
[Music]
and it matches up right there at the
very end I've measured it previously to
the can exactly and now I'm just
finishing it up then I'm cutting off all
the extra material for the lip part I'm
just going to be spraying the red top
part I'm going to leave the red on the
sides because I think it adds a little
character to our little piggy banks so
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going
to spray and then I have my little bit
of fabric it's a different one I will
also have a link for this on Amazon and
I'm just laying it over the top there
making sure that it's all in place and
I'm just going to let it dry a little
bit
what's up let it dry I'm just cutting
off the extra material around the groove
of the Blitz
[Music]
and I'm just cleaning up a little bit
around the edges I'm going to create a
switch where the coin slot is going to
drop and I'm just going to do it I go
ahead and poke it in with my scissors
and do that I'm pretty much making the
flop big enough just so a quarter can
sit in it once that's done I'm taking a
quarter and I'm just making sure that it
fits through and it does and then at
that point we know that it's all done
and I'm just putting it back on top of
the lid and it looks so cute when you're
all done
[Music]