welcome to my blog it is raining but the
Christmas tree that I bought last
December it's now growing definitely out
of its pot as you will see in a minute
and I bought a new pot here which is
probably about three times the size and
we'll just don't mind the rain we'll
just try and do it so first I'm going to
put some aggregates at the bottom of
this
at least when it rains you don't need to
work to bother about watering so much so
then we get some soil in
I think that's brought about enough so
then the pot almost exploded because the
root system of the Christmas tree of the
pine tree had expanded bucket so I had
to cut it on two sides to be able to get
it out so here we go you can see all
those loops they can now grow and now
more much more space to grow so we're
placing in here
- meow surrounding the past
we are get another couple of years out
of this this hot we're not happier to
carry in my business but the team you
will survive all right so here we have
here we have a new potted up Christmas
tree as you can see and it's now got at
least three times as much space and it's
so work that the soil has really really
gone mushy so if you buy a trees like
that then maybe check it check out if
the bucket or the pot starts floating
there may be times by anyone and
unreported okay thank you you bye