hi there my name is Jennifer Hanley and
I had a customer send me an email
yesterday asking whether there was a way
to wear her model Katie workbag in a
different way than the long grass body
or shoulder strap that we have or the
little handle that we wrap around to
create the briefcase and I wanted to
make a look at video today just to let
you know how to make the whole bag strap
so here is your bag with the long strap
the long crossbody for shoulder strap
the first thing to do is give me some
unclip your clips at the edges and then
move back to the side just for now next
thing to do is undo the buckle so that
you have two straps you will have one
short one that's got the buckle on in
and then one thread big long one would
be a shoulder cushion on those I put
this long one onto one end of the bag
doesn't matter which end you might
choose a preference as we go on but for
now just go on the end a next thing
we're going to do is turn it back around
we're going to post the end of this
strap through this hole down whant so
that comes back up again that you it's a
little bit wider the strap than this
loop is very very slight so what we need
to do is should be slightly pinched the
leather like this push it in and then it
will slide slide through until you have
your strap a little bit like when we
have it briefcase style next you want to
turn your bag around
attaching this one the short one with
the buckle on the end so clip that on
the same loop as the other one so you'll
have two two buckles next to each other
turn it around
buckle this back together again I like
to have mine on the light sloop because
of the length of handle but there are
other holds if you wanted a little bit
short now it's just a case of getting
these two straps the same Yulin put
those buckles next to each other with
the shoulder cushion underneath so that
you can still protect your shoulder and
there you have it it is your handbag
length shoulder strap I hope you found
this useful and give us a like or a
comment if you have any any of my
questions
otherwise I enjoy using your model Katy
or any other bag with the leather straps
as a short shoulder bag see you soon bye
bye