hey guys welcome to my channel and to my
kitchen today I'm going to do something
that is highly requested and it's my
cashew melt my homemade cashew milk
there's a lot of ways you can do this
but I like to keep it as simple as
possible because it's quick and easy and
I also will do another time my ah memo
because that's also really easy option
for you to make at home alright let's
get started
[Music]
so to get started you're gonna need a
few things and we're gonna I'm just
gonna go over really quickly what you
need first you're gonna need at the
quality a high speed blender to blend
this up really well so you don't have
any chomps I'm using the Vitamix a 2300
but you can really use anything you have
or if you're looking for a good option I
love my Vitamix it's amazing I use it
everyday twice a day the next thing
you're going to want to have is some
vanilla I always love to add a little
vanilla to my homemade milks it gives it
a little touch that I love the next
thing you're going to need is a cup of
soaked cashews so as you saw at the
beginning of this I soaked them last
night and now they're nice and soft and
ready to use to blend up then we're
gonna need a container this is from Ikea
so we're gonna store the homemade milk
in this container you can get these out
of kiya Target Amazon really anywhere I
can put some links below and then a
funnel a silicone funnel so that you
don't spill when you're putting it in
from your Vitamix to the container and
then about four to five cups of filtered
water depending on how thick or watery
you want your homemade not that'll
depend on how much water you're gonna
use alright so this is everything you
need super simple three ingredient
homemade cashew mouth let's get blendin
alright so first step is you're gonna
get a strainer actually we also need a
strainer and you're going to strain the
water out from the caches and then
you'll add the straight cashews into
your Vitamix and then we'll go ahead and
add in the four cups of water I like to
start with four cups and kind of see
where I not sometimes I'll add an
additional cup of water and
and I don't just depending I like my
homemade nut mounts to be a little bit
on the thicker side because I use them
in my coffee recipe all right then I'm
just gonna add like a splash of vanilla
super simple I also love using fresh
vanilla beans if you have them that's a
great addition into here as well alright
so we're just gonna pop the top on super
simple make sure it's locked on tight
Vitamix is on and we're just gonna start
slowly here that's the key to a really
good creamy homemade nut milk is
starting slow so I just turned my
Vitamix one so start on the lowest
setting and then you're just gonna start
it and I'll slowly work up to a higher
setting
until I get to the highest setting
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so after it's been blending for
about a minute to a minute and a half I
like to take the top off and just take a
peek so you guys can see it's nice and
bubbly looking really good there's no
chunks I think this is ready for me like
this is done so now all I like to do is
I just take this straight off of the
blender piece here and start pouring it
into my container guys that is how easy
it is to make your homemade cashew milk
and there's nothing added in this no
preservatives no gums nothing bad for
you your stomach can easily digest this
it has healthy fats from the fresh
organic nuts and it's just all around a
great option and I literally did this in
about three minutes so it does take some
prep time overnight to remember to soak
the nuts but that's it you got it so
thank you so much for tuning in and I
love it if you would subscribe to my
channel and comment below with your
favorite nut milk recipe bye