here is the baler co uk this fruit the
berry plant produces and breeders my
name is Marcus cobalt I'm founder and
breeder of lavera our subject today is
how to prove a gooseberry bush so if
when you are pruning a fruit pusher the
fruit variety also fruit tree
yes know how it piers good quality fruit
and with all Reavers
rye this english with all rivals there's
the same situation on the new book on
the led last years or over last year's
would if always the best quality and the
quality goes down the older the older a
bush or a branch is you for example or
the branch like this we will have the
good quality fruit and also the branch
like this and on a branch like this
which is very old the quality of the
fruit will go down we have in drives a
little bit another situation than in
fruit trees in fruit trees we always
want a balanced situation between
vegetative growth so branches growing
and fruit growth flowers of the other
end but with rivals we have the
situation the more we have new branches
new wood the vector we will have quality
at the banker the more we will have good
quality fruit so the quality will go up
and also the quantity will go up if you
have new vegetative growth so we always
want more vegetative growth and the
generative growth those are flowers will
come automatically so what we do with
this bush so we we we cut we prune the
old would like this branch which is the
oldest one threads for five years old
bring you this branch we have here the
old part and a newer part here so we go
up to the newer part so we take it away
it's raishin effect then we take away
the wood which is the branches which are
a little bit hanging like this because
we don't have like hanging wood because
with hanging branches we will have the
fruit on the ground floor which we don't
like and now we approve the bush it's so
easy so rule number one prune it
rule number two pruning severe so prune
it hard and rule number three prune out
the old wood and leave and let the young
wood which will be a low-quality fruit
of the next year's these were some
information about pruning gooseberries
Chris behind easy Chris booth parrots as
always discussed with me write your
commentaries below the video and go on
gardening