today's episode we will be learning our
video we will be learning how to make
the slime learn stick to your hand and
we can actually then glue and I'm just
using Elmer's school glue and whip swipe
one you can use clear but I don't have
clear goals of this using this white
I'll need some toothpaste it can be
crass but I'm using Colgate triple
action and if you have this it works too
triple option you will need something to
mix this slime in I'm using a gel cap
this is
you need cap you just need something to
make this final need a mixing tool and
I'm just using the spoon lastly you need
a potato to store the slime and make
sure it's an airtight would open use is
it off pop sip off Bop bag like me right
start in or use a container like make
sure they're tight so I'll just do this
didn't you do is add your toothpaste
into the container and you're going to
mix it add it a lot look to things with
a lot a lot of slime and depending on
how much too Spacey put is how much
slime you get you're going to add your
good so you add the same amount of glue
as the same amount of toothpaste now if
you want to mix this okay now you want
to mix it it will get stiffer why is
getting stiffer now
so you guys Connor keep on mixing till I
get to the point where you can play all
gone and when you touch it it's not T
when I carry my son make it now if it's
sticky you can add more to it just added
the toothpaste and if you don't have the
called a triple action crest can also
work you can add food coloring but I
didn't add food coloring because the
toothpaste it's already blue and then
side with that color but you can add
food coloring if you want to but I'm
already finding blue slidin plus I don't
have faith courage
so yeah it's armed to desert now if it's
a little bit less to here but I'm just
going to keep on mixing this stuff it
gets good a consistency I get to this
point where it doesn't really stick to
your hands you can play with it and put
it out into the container so I'm just
going to mix this in with that batch and
there is the finished product
that you need without Forex liquid
starch
hydrops time very sticky that's fine for
me and if it you feel like it's going
dry off and few drops of water mix it in
till it's all soft again and thank you
for watching the video if you guys see
you later