[Music]
here's a technique for transferring a
cheesecake on a pan bottom to a
cardboard
Circle use a long knife with a blunt
Edge and
tip I call it a
spatula hold your left hand on the side
of the cake slip the spatula under the
cheesecake and on top of the pan bottom
Slide the spatula all the way under the
cake and
out set a cardboard circle on the left
side place your left hand on the side of
the cheesecake again insert the spatula
under the cheesecake and slide it all
the way under the cheesecake except this
time stop just short of removing the
spatula from under the
cheesecake lift the cheesecake up just a
little
bit place the cardboard Circle
underneath as much as you can about a
1/8 to 1/4 under the
cheesecake with your right hand Slide
the cheesecake over on to the cardboard
cake Circle remove the pan bottom remove
the
spatula and it's
done