hey everybody in today's sewing tutorial
I'm going to show you how to make a
simple pillowcase dress one like this
we're just going to use ribbon to tie it
to hold it up you're not going to need
to know how to do buttons or a zipper
it's going to be very very simple all
you need is a sewing machine that's it
not even a serger and of course we're
going to add a bow to it and for today's
bow I'm just going to show you how to
make a simple one just using a hot glue
gun that's it you don't need to know how
to sew even for the bow all right so
let's get started the size I'm making
today is 4T but to make sure you do the
right size for your girl you need to
measure right below the collar bone and
depending on the length is where how you
need to measure it so if you want it
shorter just measure it right above the
knee if you want it longer measure it
below the knee now I always recommend
doing it longer below the knee because
then she can wear it for a few years and
as it gets shorter when she grows you
can just add leggings on underneath it
and it's still very
nice okay so for the length for my
daughter I am going to do 24 in now the
dress isn't going to end up being 24 in
it's going to end up being about 20 in
so you need to give yourself about 4 in
for all the hemming that we're going to
do okay and for the width I'm just going
to use the width of the fabric and the
width of this fabric is 42 in
okay so when I fold it in half it's just
going to be 21 in and that's all that I
need for the width so from here to here
now if you're making a smaller dress you
know just measure a dress that your
daughter already has usually I would
just take it in for my daughter who's W
about two maybe 3 in and it's still
pretty good to go all right so before
you start cutting your fabric what you
need to do is wash it and then iron it
out so I've already done that so now I'm
ready to cut my fabric so I'm going to
cut my Fabric and then we'll go from
there cut up and I can't feel my hands
no need to
change can you Relay can you keep up the
pace like you dying for
this and when you say I'm not okay I let
my Flo in the sh
okay you always want to make sure when
you're measuring it and when you cut it
that your Salvage ends match up that
they line up completely now don't try to
cut those off because we're actually
just going to hem them and cover them up
so leave those on there those are for us
to work with all right now that you've
cut it to length it's folded in half cuz
we're using the width but go ahead and
cut down that line now if you feel that
you're not going to be able to cut it
straight go ahead and take take it to
the ironing board and iron it flat and
that will give you a good crease that
you can work with to cut it straight so
that's what I'm going to
do I'm only
getting okay now that you have your two
separate pieces we are going to prep it
and what you need to do is for the
length we need to go ahead and fold in
maybe a third of an inch to a half of an
inch you're gonna fold it in and then
you're gonna put a crease in it so go
ahead and do
that I'm only getting
started and
I all right and after you put that
crease in it we're going to do it again
so you're going to fold it right back
over because you don't want to hit like
this cuz then you're going to have that
Jagged Edge and we don't want
that we want to have a nice finished
Edge so fold it in
again just like that and now you see how
it has that nice crisp clean Edge now we
can go ahead and put a hem in it but
before I do that I'm going to go ahead
and crease and iron all four of my
length sides and then I'll be ready so I
can just sew right through it okay now
that you have ironed both sides we are
going to go ahead and hem it so you fold
it in twice and you've ironed it so
since you've ironed it you already have
a nice crisp crease in it so you won't
need to pin it all you need to do make
sure you have a straight edge and so
from top to bottom now if you're new it
sewing don't forget that you also need
to back
stitch the top of my lungs I've been D
for
this and when you say I'm not okay I my
in sh you me I'm only
getting I won't out it's time I let's go
a little old
okay so you've done all four sides of
the length now normally well always you
want to use a coordinating ribbon color
so for this pattern it's just pink and
white you would want to use white but I
have found this awesome ribbon and I'm
new to it but it's clear and I love it
it's or Ribbon thread I meant thread so
clear thread I Ed for everything it's
awesome and then I don't ever have to
change it all right so now that we have
done all the sides we are going to go
ahead and make our casing that's the top
piece that's going to hold the
ribbon so our ribbon is 7/8 of an inch
so I'm going to go ahead and make the
casing about 1 and 1 E inch wide so I
will measure that and I will iron it
down so it can stay into place okay
we've ironed the fabric for the casing
which looks like this I did the same
thing I did for the sides I folded it a
little bit ironed it and then measured
out for my casing now you want to make
sure that the first fold you did and
ironed is the same length for both
pieces of fabric cuz you don't want two
different lengths in the dress all right
now we are just going to hem it and
you're going to have an opening to put
your Ribbon
through okay now you have the casing
ready just put your Ribbon through the
last thing we need to do to this before
we put two pieces together
is the bottom okay so you need to go
ahead
and do the same thing that you did to
the sides okay we're going to fold it
over we're going to iron it and then
we're going to fold it again and then
we're just going to hem it okay so now
we are going to measure the ribbon for
the casing you're going to need to cut
two pieces of ribbon because you're
going to have two bows on each side to
measure the length you are going to put
one ribbon all the way across and then
you're going to double it so whatever
the length is just fold the ribbon back
and then you can cut
it so the ribbon needs to be double the
size of the casing and you need two
pieces that are the same
length we're going to come back and
finish the ribbon later
all right now that you have two pieces
that are completely ready to be put
together for the
dress you are going to put them finish
side to finish
side just like
this now you will need to bust out those
pins yeah all right you have both sides
together facing each other see you're
going to pin all the way from the the
bottom to the top well not all the way
to the top you need to leave an opening
for the
arms now for Lana I'm going to do
about I'm going to do six to 7even Ines
I'll say 7 in now you don't want it too
big because then you can see through and
you'll have to wear a t-shirt or
something underneath it so what you need
to do is measure a t-shirt of your
daughter's so not a fitted tea but a
regular t-shirt and if you measure the
width of the armpit opening that should
give you an idea of how big you want it
so I'm just going to go ahead and do 7
in so right there and then Pin It Up on
both sides and we can H it
together okay let's say that you've
messed up maybe an eighth of an inch or
smaller hopefully it's smaller on the
length maybe they're not exactly right I
mean mine is very very tiny you want to
make make sure that it's the
same length the same on the bottom when
you're pinning up because if it's a
little bit off on the top that's okay
because the tops aren't going to be
together they're at one's going to be on
the front and one's going to be on the
back so you're not going to be able to
tell so it's not that big of a deal but
make sure the bottom is the same length
so then you pin all the way up on one
side and then make sure you pin the
exact same opening for the arm on the
other
side
okay now our two pieces are completely
sewn together before we turn it inside
out and before we put the ribbon in we
need to go ahead and cut the edges of
the ribbon and heat seal them so for the
edge I want this nice tail you just fold
the ribbon and you cut it at an
angle and there you have it now you need
to heat seal it with the
lighter if you don't have a lighter
Maybe you have Fray check you can use
that as well this keeps it from fraying
when you wash it and such I like to use
both just double security so you fold
it you heat seal
it fry check
it all right now we're going we're going
to slide it through the casing now to do
that you need to grab a safety pin
put it in your
ribbon and you put it through one side
of the casing and you just inch it all
the way over to the other side it works
best with a bigger safety
pen I
won't it's
time
little all right and you pull it through
like that now I did forget to
mention that when you put the safety pen
in the ribbon and pull it through it
usually leaves a big fat hole in the
ribbon so actually to fix that we are
just going to cut it again make a whole
new
Edge see no
got to do that for both of
them all right and you might think that
you were done at this point and you can
flip it inside out and tie it but you're
not you see there's nothing holding this
ribbon from pulling it out so when you
wash it it can tangle up and come out if
your daughter plays hard then it can you
know untie and come out and then you're
at the grocery store which that's
happened to me and you have no way to
put it back through the loop so to
ensure this ribbon doesn't come out and
since we have clear thread it's going to
be really easy you're just going to put
a line right in the middle so make sure
you have even amount of ribbon hanging
off both sides looks good to me and
you're just going to put a little Stitch
right through the
middle on both sides that way your
ribbon's not going anywhere okay here's
my model we have our dress we have done
everything that you need to do now is
the fun part where you turn it inside
out can check all your H looks good
let's place it over
her St
I
you like your Georgia
dress pretty pretty and that is how easy
it is to make a pillow prist dress