media maker here uh this is a progress
report on a video I did back on August
2nd and it's presently October 11th
around 9 weeks later give or take a
couple days the experiment is um based
on trying to grow a tomato plant using a
drain to waste hydroponic system but
trying to keep it so simple that anyone
can do it and so I did with
modifications and the modifications are
that there are no pumps no lines no RP
emitters and I'm trying to have as
little waste as possible so less waste
less mess less stuff to deal with uh
this is uh the Tomato as it was after
about a week or so after I converted to
Hydroponics meaning that I washed out
the roots and put it in soiless media
and uh started feeding it nutrient
solution and it's obviously gotten a lot
bigger now it's uh around the 40in mark
and has a good amount of fruit on it I'm
very happy with the results and as a
matter of fact I couldn't be happier
it's done very well uh a lot of
experiments as the name implies are
experiments and do you fail this one has
done much better than I ever thought it
could do um it probably doesn't do as
good as a real drained away system or
real deep water culture something like
that but for what little effort is put
into it it's done very well I water it
uh two to three times a week uh I
alternate nutrient solution and just
regular water and to keep the roots wet
and it's growing very well um the what
I'm using to grow it is a three-part
solution of General from General
Hydroponics uh to grow the micro in the
flower bloom and adding a little bit of
calcium magnesium The Roots growing in a
50% solution of perite and cocoa core so
if you want to get into Hydroponics and
you want to keep it simple this may be
something you want to try and now we've
reached one of the my favorite parts of
the video this is where I get to give
something away this week's video I'm
giving away a two gallon smart pot to
enter the win of the two gallon smart
pot just post a comment and add the
words smart pot entry at the end of your
comment if you'd like to leave a comment
but not be part of the giveaway just
leave a comment without Smart poot entry
at the end of your comment
I'd like to congratulate Lois Lany on
winning last video's giveaway uh she won
a sore dancing
flower thank you for watching
bye