[Music]
hi I'm Stephanie jorski from Joy
baking.com today we're going to make a
pavlova a pavlova is a mering a mering
with a thin crisp and delicate outside
crust and a soft marshmallowy Center to
begin we need to preheat our oven to
250° F it's 130° C I and get a large
baking sheet with a piece of parchment
paper and as you can see I've drawn a 7
in that's 18 cm Circle and then we just
flip that
over to make a pavlova we need four
large that's about a half a cup of egg
whites you want them at room temperature
and then we need one cup that's 200 g of
super fine white sugar now super fine
sugar is really hard to find in the US
so we can just make our own you just
take your sugar a cup of regular sugar
put it in your food processor for about
a minute just process it and then it' be
finely ground and then we will need a
half a teaspoon of pure vanilla extract
try to use pure rather than the
imitation and this is for flavoring and
then we got a half a tablespoon of corn
starch it's corn flour and to get that
nice sweet marshmallowy Center we're
going to add one teaspoon of just
regular white distilled
vinegar so to start uh in the bowl of
your uh mixer with your whisk attachment
we're going to put the egg whites now if
you don't have um a Stam mixer like this
that's fine you can just use a hand
mixer with a a large bowl and then make
sure this is really clean and dry and no
grease so that the egg whites will reach
their full
volume now what we're going to do is
just beat this on medium speed until
soft peaks
form okay we it's now soft peaks as you
can
see and then then what we're going to do
is
add the sugar gradually cuz we want one
tablespoon in at a time because we want
each tablespoon to dissolve into the
mering before we add the next one so do
this
gradually
you might want to scrape down the sides
of your bowl to make sure all the sugar
is down into the
mering and then even though a mering
might look done the best way to test is
to take a bit between your fingers and
just rub it and if it feels kind of
gritty at this one still does that means
we need to um beat the mering a little
more cuz what we want is stiff peaks but
we want that sugar to be fully dissolved
into
the egg
whites okay now we're going to just bead
in add the vanilla
extract and beat that
in and then I'm going to just fold
in we want to make sure this is
completely folded in I'm going to
sift the corn starch over the
top of the
mering all the lumps out and then I'm
going to add this the vinegar the
teaspoon of vinegar and then I'm just
going to take my rubber spatula and just
fold this
in you don't want to beat it too much
just make sure it's all
Incorporated
and then on our baking
sheet
spring get all this
out and then you can just use a spoon or
use this offset spatula using that
Circle that we've made as a guide just
spread your
mering inside that
circle now this as I said we're baking
this in 50 or 130° Celsius oven and this
is a slow oven because what we want the
mering to do is Dry Bake slowly dry it
out slowly so that uh you get the nice
crisp outside crust but get a inside to
be it's a nice soft marshmallowy Center
so there we
go I'm going to put this in the oven for
about an hour hour and a
quar until the outside
it's kind of very pale color and it's
crisp on the outside and there might be
some cracking and you can still see the
marshmallowy center
okay our Pavlova is now done you can
tell it's it's fully baked because the
outside is crisp if you touch it and yet
it is a pale cream color so now we're
going to turn off the oven and let the
peva sit in the oven until it is
completely
cooled once the peva has cooled
completely in the oven with the door
open if your house isn't humid you could
cover and store it for a few days I like
to serve Pavlova with softly whipped
cream and fresh fruit as you can see
here I've used a medley of fresh berries
but passion fruit kiwi fruit you could
use pineapple mangoes bananas or even a
lemon curd or a fruit sauce would be
very nice until next time I'm Stephanie
jorski from Joy baking.com
[Music]