[Music]
so this one's not draining
and I think something's caught in the
pump make sure to unplug it first
actually tilt it back
I took the belt off of the pump it just
slips right off this is a pump and this
guy should be able to turn really freely
but it turn pretty far in one direction
in the other direction but then it gets
frozen up I think something's caught in
the impeller so we're gonna fix that
pretty easy to do and we'll replace the
belt got it unplugged and I've got
leaning back 45 degrees against the wall
spin these off so allow us to take off
the front panel so we can get to the
pump when you lean it back like that -
it also gets a lot of the water away
from the pump less water will spill you
know lift this out about 45 degrees
disconnect there's the pump I think
something's caught right here got a
feeling oh yeah there it is
so it looks like a probably some type of
underwear got caught got pulled down
through from the tank and it's stuck in
there so I'm gonna clamp this remove
this hose and then I'll pull out that
thing whatever it is now push it so it's
close to that hole use this clamp to cut
off the water coming from the tank
probably still see some water that will
leak out though in this one and use this
to remove this clamp takes the pressure
off of it and these clamps are kind of
hard to get off because they get kind of
stuck I'll use pair of pliers to kind of
wiggle it back and forth loosen it up
there you go getting somewhere new and
those pliers ready to take out that
thing whatever it is
let's do a lot of water in there here's
our item right there
pull that out let's get sucked in there
just a sock step back on tighten that
back up take a clamp off I'm gonna put a
new belt on there you will not need a
new pump okay you get two belts and a
little bit different one is for should
be different one is for the pump when
it's for the drive all right let's take
these off
so take them off we're just gonna spin
it comes right off see how the motor can
kind of move right so that takes the
pressure off and out of there put it on
the new one for driving that from the
motor driving the big pulley we use the
thicker one see their little this one's
a little bit thicker so we're gonna put
that over the top pulley on the motor
and then put it on and then we're just
gonna turn it a little bit and it'll
sell feet they'll just go right on
really cool we're gonna do that for the
pump - we're gonna put it over the motor
and then get it over the pump and then
just turn the pump and then it feeds
right aren't see now the pump can spend
normally and that means it should be
able to drain we'll give it a test
lean it back forward all right
everything's hooked up I've gotta plug
it back in
strains already plug it back in
set it for spin
so this is this is spinning fast getting
rid of the water that's the tub the spin
basket spinning looks good
yep there we go
so just a sock was caught in there
pretty common and it usually comes from
when the machine gets overloaded so
there's so much clothing put in here
that some stuff especially small things
like socks get up here there's a gap
between and they end up on the other
side of the spin basket there's the tub
and the gap you get pulled down in there
get sucked down through this tube and
get caught in the pump and then the pump
won't work and if we can't drain it
won't spin so it's classic problem but
pretty easy to fix we just removed this
clamp pulled this off and we were able
to just pull the obstruction right out
yeah all right so we'll put this panel
back on we're just gonna line it up 45
degrees and then close it those screws
back in these just Philips head screws
they go in there about 45 degree angle
[Music]
[Music]
there's two we are done just one more
time
spinning really good yep drink good got
it thanks so much for watching and
please subscribe