okay now what we're going to do is
discuss a few breeding techniques I'm
not going to get into huge detail about
it but just to give you two basic
techniques from which you can figure out
your own way to breed but there's two
basic techniques to use and I'm going to
go as you can see I'm trying to hold off
pretty boy and I'm going to show you one
which is simply to back the [ __ ] in and
the proper way to do
that all right the proper way to back in
a [ __ ] is to hold her
collar and to present the hind quarters
to the
[Music]
mail you do like this you hold her head
between your legs that allows you set
the [ __ ] and push the male inside you
can hold him up if you got to you can
give him a boost if he needs it or you
can just let him have at it and go in
but this is the proper way she cannot
bite him and uh that is one way to do it
now I'm going to show you
another okay another way to do this is
to come in from the
side okay you hold the [ __ ] by the
collar here you put your knee under here
if you need to raise her up you can do
it if you need the lower you can do it
you got to get the chain out of the
way okay now if she's docel you can let
her go but if not you can guide him in
like this again if the male needs a
boost you can give it to him you can
need put your foot here to give him a
boost whatever you need to do to get the
breathing done of course again it helps
to have a dosel [ __ ] the basic
technique is to keep her level with your
knee you can hold her like this and then
you can guide the mail in if you need to
do it uh if you need to give him a boost
you can do it like this and here okay
you just put your foot here to give him
the Boost you hold him up here if he
needs it he don't really need it he's
about the right level but suppose he
does need need it okay you give him a
boost now he's a little higher but this
is a a technique by yourself you can do
it obviously he wants to get in I
haven't made him hit the target yet so
we can keep talking but uh if the [ __ ]
isn't docel like toughy is you can put
an Elizabethan collar on her tape your
mouth shut whatever you got to do but
these are basically the two basic
breeding techniques is one you got your
leg if you're right-handed you want your
right hand free if I was left-handed I'd
be on the other side doing
this but key is to hold her like this if
she was going apeshit I got a hold of
her if he needs a boost I put my foot
here and give him the Boost hold his
other leg if I got to but these are
techniques you can use by yourself and
then I haven't done it yet you just
guide the mail in now if the uh if he's
having a trouble falling out you can
also encircle the bitch's vulva and make
it tighter we guys all know that it's
nicer to be tighter so you can just hold
her tight he'd get in there and you can
feel whether he's tied up or not whether
you need to Dismount it so uh that's it
man I mean that's really the two basic
breeding techniques you need to
know one is to back the [ __ ] in or you
can control her back in you can guide
him in like this you can hold him in if
you got to give him a boost if you got
to uh and if if you have an unruly [ __ ]
you can put one of them collars on her
tape her mouth shut but she this is the
my dogs are trained dogs so I don't need
to do all that stupid [ __ ] but uh that's
it that's all there is really to
breeding dogs is those two techniques
that you can develop whatever idea you
have to that is necessary to get the job
done and
uh uh without using a breeding stand and
i' I've read the meanest [ __ ] you
could possibly imagine like that with
the aid of this with El be and collar
and some tape on the on the bitch's
mouth you have a lot more control
and the male gets a lot more natural
penetration that way so that is uh
basically a conclusion of the two
breathing techniques let me recap
something uh before we go ahead and
split from this little section on
natural breeding one thing you do not
want to do with a [ __ ] when you breed
her natural is bring her in face first
uh obviously these Bulldogs can be
aggressive you always bring them in rear
first if you uh review the tape how I
brought the [ __ ] in it's at the end of
the M's chain at first to let him barely
get a sniff see if he's going to do
something but not so close that he's got
her if he wants to get her uh it's close
enough it's far enough away so that you
can pull her back if he is aggressive if
it's clear he intends to breathe then
you bring her in another step forward to
give the mail room to work so make sure
you bring the [ __ ] in uh back end first
only do it to the very end of the chain
to make sure of the male's intention
when it's clear he's going to breed
bring her in all the way and then
finally from whether you're at the side
position or uh have the bitch's head
between your
legs when you guide the maale in and
you're keeping your hand there uh making
sure he stays in kind of encircling the
volval area of the
[ __ ] uh if you feel him ball up outside
of her throw him back just push him
right off uh it's a complete waste of
time to uh proceed with the breeding if
the male is bald up outside of the [ __ ]
absolute waste of time if you feel that
happening throw him back if you have to
do it a 100 times push him back push him
off until he gets it in her and you can
feel them ball up inside her because uh
yeah it's possible theoretically that
you'll get pups on a male who balls
outside of the [ __ ] but believe me I've
bred a ton of dogs and the general rule
is if you don't get a tie you don't get
pups so if you feel that if you feel the
male's penis balling up on the outside
of the [ __ ] and not up in her bald up
you're wasting your time push him back
let him start over when you push him
back he'll go down a little bit and try
again so those are just uh just two
final comments I wanted to make uh
before we wrap up the video uh again you
can save yourself all of this hassle by
doing the artificial insemination which
is the true thrust of this video anyway
of bringing a [ __ ] backing her up
rolling around in the dirt with her just
bring a collection tube collect the
mail uh store it up real nice and either
send it to your customer or if you have
a [ __ ] right there on site just bring
the seon to her no big deal you and your
buddies can sit there and watch TV
inseminate the [ __ ] and uh that's it
it's a lot cleaner it's a lot safer
there's not uh any potential for disease
transmission so with artificial
insemination you can omit the natural
breeding uh floundering that can
sometimes happen but if you happen to
have a customer who demands uh uh
natural breeding or if you yourself just
want to take a photo of the tie I hope
those uh breeding techniques have shown
you the basic two ways to get that done
as quickly as possible and if you got a
really unruly [ __ ] like I said just
tape her mouth shut put an Elizabethan
collar on her and those techniques will
work just fine okay so we'll wrap up the
video
now