delicious apple
crumble crumbles are the perfect way to
use fruit when it's in season there's
lots of it about it's nice and cheap but
most importantly the fruits at its
absolute
[Music]
best first off I'm going to make a
really nice light caramel pan on nice
and low great two
[Music]
apples and this helps to almost sort of
pure the Apple so much
there's a lot of flavor in the skin so
don't worry about peeling the fruit
whether it's pears plums peaches flavors
in the
skin ni start the caramel a couple
tablespoons of sugar the sugar helps to
get rid of the tartness in the Apple a
touch of cinnamon that starts to make it
a little spicy open up your vanilla just
scrape out all those seeds now this just
makes it light and fragrant all those
seeds in
to the sugar when making caramel be
patient and always swell the dish
instead of stirring it when the sugar
goes Brown have the
Apple that starts to sort of cool down
the caramel but it gives it a really
nice sort of camelized puree apples
almost
disintegrating smells incredible turn
the gas down slice up two apples it's a
crumble those Got No Frills straight
forward no faffing around no peening on
the skin I want them to sort of stand
out from the caramel Apple's
in now those nice thick chunks of Apple
sort of almost bedding itself into the
puree dried cranberries gives it that
nice sort of shock in the texture sweet
and chewy I want it to sort of taste
zesty spicy so sit the lemon zest on top
of your apples and cranberry
fresh lemon juice over and that just
gives that extra acidic kick takes the
Cranberries the apples the caramel and
cinnamon to another level turn the gas
off just let that sit let's concentrate
on the crumble flower in a couple of
tablespoons of demara sugar sugar helps
to get the topping nice and crispy
butter in give that a nice little Sil
rub what we're looking for is like a a
breadcrumb mixture lightly season it
with a touch of
cinnamon and the Dem sugar sort of helps
to get a nice fine crumble mix and it
stops the butter from sort of melting in
that flour so that's the basic crumble
mix but I'm not finished yet
musle 2/3 crumble 1/3 musle mix that in
if you haven't got musly and crunchy
granola works brilliantly too lovely now
start off from the center
and work your way around I want the
crispiness on the top the puree on the
bottom with a caramel and then the
texture in the center a good
tip turn the gas back on want it
bubbling before it goes in the oven cuz
then you just got to cook the top so as
soon as you see that caramel starting to
Bubble down the side in she goes let's
go bake it 200 C for 12 to 14 minutes
until golden brown smells
[Music]
amazing
beautiful still
bubbling and look at it a delicious but
very simple crumble with apples at their
absolute best
[Music]
beautiful