[Music]
of all the solitary bee habitats I've
made over the years these log ones where
it's simply a section of log has been
drilled into quite weathered seasoned
log I've always been among the most
successful these particular a good
Bosnia roofers read mason bees and leaf
cutter bees is one sitting in this hole
there at the top and they're always
buzzing every year till they kind of
split down the middle and start falling
apart which is a one of the negative
points of using logs like these I do
tend to split right badly and then come
apart but you can get four or five years
out of them and they're relatively easy
to make and I thought on that note I
would show you one I've just cut and
what I'm using to make quite simple
design if you watch the hoes video last
week you'll know I cut the bottom of the
tub and use that to surround the hoses
and keep them dry well I had that other
section which was open front and back
and I didn't want to throw it away so
I've just I heard that some whole
sections of trees up from the top when I
chopped down a pine tree and I'm slowly
using it to make habitats with so I've
covered in that I put this bit of
plastic over the log until it fit and
then cut either side a bit slightly
smaller I probably didn't go swimming
enough because not much of an overhang
in our life the rain to stop going on
the front so I'll have to tip this one
slightly I've sanded the plastic down
and paint is dark brown like usual and
I've given this a sand let it dry in the
Sun a bit and then put some PVA on it if
you want the best meteorologists
the best weather report watch your
solitary bees because it's getting a
little bit overcast here and when it
does they all go into their holes you
can see their head sticking how they are
insanely cute for bees and they just sit
there waiting for Sun in fact I just
noticed one of my new habitats has got
the whole bottom row that you can
actually see that it's not focusing very
well are there you go you can see their
heads is to further back on the right
there's another one there so it's
definitely going to rain because they're
all tucked themselves away they are so
cute these guys at bottom are
particularly nice there are then there
there we go so the little bit of a
disaster with the habitat it's all done
that is fine it looks nice
on top of the plastic I I put a bit of
the vinyl flooring as well because I
realized I had no overhang and I like to
do that and so do the bees they like to
have that the wood was far too knew it
wasn't seasoned and trying to drill us
my pillar drill literally blew up and
started smoking so that's a goner
but the well nearly visited it then just
put it up but the wood was far too wet
when I was drilling it by hand which
isn't a good idea you don't get straight
holes and no you don't get clean holes
which is what they like it water was
coming out sap from the wood and I knew
it wasn't be good what happens is it
kind of drags the drill and you can see
how untidy the holes are and they won't
like those when you compare them to the
holes in this one this is two years old
but it's still they're still very clean
the holes and they know you know they
would they will use some of these some
of the holes I got away with that there
are some that are just awful and
particularly inside as you look down the
hole there's all bits in there they like
a nice clean place to go so it's alright
it's if anything it's taught me a couple
of things about using
logs that I'll have to chop them up and
leave them over winter and use in the
next year but you know it's a fine
habitat I needed something else in this
area because they've they've used up a
lot of the holes in the others and they
are all this one here
they're just discovered that and it's
getting seasoned itself that's why
they're using the bottom but yeah the
whole area have written reconditioned
the bottom one as well give it another
coat of paint so this area is looking
good the honeysuckle there for them and
there's Hawthorn I think they're
Hawthorn trees for the leaf cutter bees
and they'll start later on in the year
and you'll see holes I think if you
watch one of my other videos you'll see
holes cut so yeah generally okay bit of
a learning curve for me so thanks for
watching hope you liked it like and
subscribe
Steven underscore we're on Twitter
please spread the word all the money
goes to the world Land Trust which is a
wonderful charity have a good one
[Music]
[Music]
you