what's up guys it's Dakota Beck added
yet another video today I am sitting in
a hot-ass car in the hot-ass Texas heat
I got invited to a barbecue tonight and
we're gonna watch some fireworks after
that and you know I felt kind of bad cuz
I was like man I got invited to this
barbecue but I don't have anything to
bring you know I don't have any food or
anything so I was thinking to myself I
was like what can I bring
and I was like cookies and I was like
you know how can I make that unique how
can I make it more than just cookies and
so I decided that I'm gonna try out this
thing that I've seen on social media
every now and then you know when it gets
really hot in the summer I'm gonna try
and cook something in my car in the heat
where I live in Texas it's been really
hot the past few weeks has been with
like a high of like 105 to 110 everyday
and that is without cloud cover today
it's a little cloudy because I think
it's supposed to rain tomorrow and the
rest of the week so I went to the store
and I got some cookie dough and I'm
gonna put it on a baking sheet and put
it on my dashboard on the dashboard of
my Jeep and we're gonna see if I can
cook these cookies in the heat no oven
just using the Sun and my hot car
[Music]
[Music]
okay
so right now the thermometer on my wall
says that it's about 100 degrees outside
but my phone says it's actually only 96
and the heat index just makes it feel
like 100 either way
it's hot so we're gonna see how
long it takes for these cookies to bake
later
[Music]
I'm a little sad because they didn't
cook all the way they're still pretty
soft like if you ate them it'd basically
be eating warm cookie dough which sucks
but you know whatever better luck next
time I guess I'll probably try again on
the hotter day and see if that works
better but I did bring a backup dessert
so that's good it won't be a total
disaster but let's go watch some
fireworks
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]