[Music]
hi and welcome to the this week um
another little plant tip advice is you
may have noticed that sometimes when you
bring your plants indoors you start
seeing um little flies hanging around
the bottom of your plant these are
called fungus um knats now fungus
knats are they dangerous to your plants
they are dangerous if you've got
seedlings mature plant they're not so
bad what it is is they live in the
compost they lay their their eggs and
the ly what they do is they go in and
they just eat things and but if you got
seedings of very young plants they will
sort of damage the roots so obviously
prevent growth on your chili plants not
only does this apply to chili plants any
house plants you've got as well so if
you ever notice when you go to water
your plant you see all these little
flies around they are actually fungus NS
what I'm going to do in this video is
I'm just going to talk about a few
methods um so it's like prevention and
kill so whether you have fungus n or not
this is our sort of like hints and tips
because it's a good thing to actually
prevent you getting an ncid however if
you have got the little knats the fungus
knats then I'm going to give you a few
ideas of how you can treat and get rid
of them okay so the first the first
method is you would remove the top
centimeter of the compost um centim Cent
and half to scrape it all off get rid of
it and refresh it however you could be
doing that indoors it's a bit of messy
it's not my sort of method that I use
second method is just by top soil okay
what we do is we just dress off the top
of your plants with uh gravel you know
I've got sharp sand here and I also got
some uh uh grit here and if you just
look over here you can actually see that
this is a plant that I've already done
so there's about half cenm to a cm of
sharp sand on there um that just
prevents the lvy from being able to get
out and then turn it into flies so first
of all the knps can't lay eggs and then
the L can't get out so then that would
negate the problem the next method is um
you can go to a garden shop you can buy
these like insect traps insect s sticks
um and what I've done I didn't think I
had a nap problem however I stopped this
one in a few days ago and as you can see
there are a couple of knats on there so
I do actually have um fungus net so
that's a good method that's nice and
easy you just buy them stick them in bam
the final method which is I sort of
enjoy um is we go for a very ecological
uh friendly sort of method in a way um
and uh what we do is you get the old
carnivorous plant and I love these
plants okay this is a Venus fly trap you
can use trumpet plants and things like
that um and obviously keep this at the
base of the plant any flies come around
go in here they fly around and bang
There You Go and that's going to help
you get your FL I I find that it's a
more of an interesting way it's friendly
it's um sort of natural ecological um us
if you don't want to use any pesticides
or anything like that um I hope you've
enjoyed watching this video and
hopefully you've learned something from
it please share and subscribe um and we
look forward to another growing video
very soon thank you very much take care
[Music]
bye
right there oh
bollocks well um you didn't record
it that's just started going yeah that's
now recording that was very good though
good hold on a
minute