here in the new property where I've
moved there are various members of the
mint family I'm going to harvest a bunch
before it gets too cold and starts dying
off here's some of the spearm mint I
just gathered now I'm going to show you
how to hang it up to dry so you can put
it away for winter
use now to dry your peppermint you can
usually you can tie them together in
bundles with twine and then hang them
suspended in the air but I don't like
wasting my twine so I have these little
clips and some safety pins and what I've
done I I've clip them in bundles very
simple like
this and
then I I will take them and hang them on
the hanger which I'll show you
next now I've got my peppermint
suspended from the safety pens and the
clips on the
hanger again you can do this with twine
but it's too much trouble and work tying
these things the clips are so fast and
easy and with the safety pins I mean
this took me probably 30% as long as it
would have taken if I was trying to tie
these in bundles and tie it to the
thing now hang them up in your kitchen
somewhere this is a pot rack that hasn't
been used yet and you leave this here
until it's dry that's it easiest and
fastest way to preserve your experiment
peppermint plants for winter
use