[Music]
hey so we're going to start off with
some fresh red and green bell peppers
and now we're going to be slicing the
bell peppers into equal pieces and I
would say about 1
[Music]
in
[Music]
the next thing I like to do is I like to
drizzle some olive oil on it and then I
put it in a bowl and set
aside next we're moving on to the steak
you guys can choose whatever steak you
prefer I chose a porterhouse on this one
and as you can see I'm trimming the the
excess fat in the bone out of the
meat
so what you're going to want to do now
is cut the steak into equal siiz pieces
about one one and A2
[Music]
inch okay so next we're going to be
using salt and pepper to season the
[Music]
steak so next we're going to start off
with two chicken breasts and we're going
to cut those into equal pieces as we did
with the steak and we are going to
prepare the
[Music]
marinade and to prepare the marinade I
like to mix a lot of spices together and
I have all the spices listed down below
for you guys with those spices I just
continue to mix it in with the chicken
by hand until it's really coated nice
so you can cut up your own onions if you
want today I'm actually using whole
petite onions and Grilling them
separately so once you finish prepping
everything it's time to start placing it
on the
[Music]
skewers the way I arrange them is I go
veggie meat veggie meat but you guys can
do them any way you
[Music]
want
[Music]
so once you're finished with that you're
going to want to preheat the grill to
high and then once it's preheated you're
going to want and turn it down to medium
high and then it's time to place a
couple Hobs on the the
[Music]
grill after a few minutes I like to just
turn the kebabs I turn them by hand I
just dip my hand in water so it doesn't
burn but you could use a some tongs or
whatever you're comfortable using the
next thing I do is I get melted butter
and I brush it on all over the onions
and just give it a good flavor and then
cook that 8 to 9 minutes and then your
Kebab should be done but the most
important thing is just make sure the
chicken's done and
[Music]
TDA okay I hope you enjoyed the video
thank you for watching I'll see you guys
[Music]
later
[Music]