[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my plant video
thank you so much for tuning in and if
you're new to this channel please
subscribe because you have to subscribe
but anyway in this video I mainly want
to talk about one of my million plans
which is this calathea Rocio picta and
it also known as the prayer plant and
this plant right here I think deserves
attention and a shout out because I I
don't normally feature this in my
channel I don't know why but this one is
just really beautiful and as I've said
it really needs attention and you can
see the foliage is really shiny green
brief and a really beautiful pattern
here and the midrib is like pinkish in
color here I hope the camera can pick it
up underneath the foliage is burgundy
color so it's just so gorgeous is so
beautiful so this is the 360 view of my
prayer plants
and she's living in our spare room which
is a south east facing room so she lives
there alone and she gets really nice
bright sunlight but not direct sunlight
on the folders because it will just dry
up and burn all the leaves and I water
her probably once every two weeks or
maybe more than two weeks and I kind of
neglect this plant because I don't know
to be honest I don't normally check her
in the room because she's just living
there alone and I don't normally go to
that room oh I thought another new pops
here segue this one is new plant as well
new growth wow that's really good
surprise
so yes where was I yes I don't really
check her because she's just there alone
in the room and I don't normally pass
there so I kind of make like this prayer
plan but every time I check her she's
always giving me new growth new parts
and yeah it really needs big shout out
because new tops always coming out this
one right here and just now I found out
there's one more here where's it there
I'm really surprised Wow so yes probably
once a month at least she's giving me
new pops and this one right here is new
I just noticed this one is just new this
one here as well and one more which is
this yes so how do I know it's new leaf
because it doesn't have brown seeds yet
because all of the old colleges have
brown sit as you can see right here
there's Brown zips here and the other
one here
Brown zips because probably the room
that she's living in is quite dry
environment and I never missed the
college's so probably that's why it's
really dry and it's giving her brown
tips everywhere so now I decided to put
her in our bathroom which is the most
humid part of the house and probably I
would put pebbles underneath with water
just to create humidity especially when
you're away and you cannot miss the
leaves yes so from now on she's living
in our bathroom and I will try my best
to miss the leaves every now and then
probably twice a week so yeah it's
really beautiful and if you see this in
your local nursery you should give it a
go because this one is really giving
plant and very undemanding doesn't need
care as much because yeah it's not
finicky whatsoever and I used to think
this plant is really finicky but it's
actually not it's so easy to care for
and yeah there's always new pups so yes
I'm so glad I have this prayer plant
it's so beautiful and actually this
prayer plant closes up at night and if
you watch my previous video I have
time-lapse of this prayer plant when I
first got her so I hope you can watch
that video as well I will put a link
right here so yes thank you so much for
watching and I hope you like my prayer
plant as much as I do if you have some
tips and suggestions about this prayer
plant please let me know in the comments
below and yep I hope to see you guys in
my next video bye
[Music]