oh no I'm not put your hands in the end
of you even tonight we're going back
with another one and I'm back with my
girl Queen
Nigel we'll be cooking welcome to places
to choose foods like chicken yo but yo
please teach me a queen how to Millie's
Roger yo see this I'm gonna tell you how
I think greetings you need to cook this
shrimp Alfredo first obviously you gonna
need some shrimp I've got that extra
small shrimps just because I like big
strips in my fettuccine
oh no you're gonna need some butter -
butter those strips
you're gonna need your own little season
is right here I got that go yeah I got
some salt pepper little parmesan for
afterwards I got some extant flavor
enhancer I'm a loon oh oh I know yeah
that's it also we got some with this
Bertolini alfredo sauce with a parmesan
cheese so we basically no cheese but it
tastes good to me so excited I'm excited
since you excited yeah you seem really
excited I'm excited to you tonight hey
this is the fettuccine great value
noodle
great value I think you've gotta say
[Applause]
okay so first this with our the book put
these noodles on the boiler so I'm going
to go ahead and boil these noodles are
you over here to not fit it over some
water cuz you're gonna need water to
boil your noodles yah yah I can't be
boiling our noodles dry yeah girl you
gotta L of salt make it right we're
gonna put on this front is prime burner
yeah we put on a front burner
alright that's good they'll cook faster
you know if you had a start because you
know should not take too long since I'm
saying yeah
or cook it on so where you get this tip
from cuz I never knew that if you added
saw the noodles or cookies that a family
yeah so we ballin our water right there
and we're gonna go ahead and get these
shrimp popping i neva way to avoid so as
you can do that you no matter if they
gonna cook regardless should we break
them up a little bit cuz they buy long
yeah a little long in these long line of
people who look like these noodles that
is room better she fettuccine for my
chicken me okay alright alright don't
break it so there we go
you tried to beat them up you weeks's
I'm sorry though but you're right but
you could be Oh Lord you flicking the
wrist Oh sis
you gotta get messy some time with you
in the kitchen y'all y'all be afraid to
get y'all hands dirty
don't be afraid no no don't put the
whole kitchen
the whole thing's gonna be too much
noodles yeah too many noodles just put
half you put like half in there we don't
want too many noodles but we want to
make enough for me Queen and probably
for somebody love hungry boys when they
come back just break it sis yeah that's
good right there
we're gonna put those up for later all
right okay yeah so we can let those
noodles bowl and if I stole the water
yeah yeah don't you just gonna cook get
a cup you know when I wash the dishes
though all the cups are in there sister
oh wow look at those clean dishes done
by jazz you know make sure this flick
there is my try no exercise in there mom
do anything well what's that
Alfredo yeah we won't get it right get
it tight so this got her booty shorts on
oh yeah she not playing which autumn
night and you know I'm cold right now
that should be enough yeah that's enough
right there
so now you know we've been to get these
shrimp papi so you gonna give me doing
the show because you already know I get
the seasoning right all right so yeah
first we gonna start our firing up with
these shrimp they are they already
cooked so you already got two minutes
show me some butter up in there to get
it going and then you gonna start with
all your seasons so I'm just gonna take
this one messed up port right here good
ol Isha's right there
I'll take us some butter now you wanna
take the lot of butter
yeah you want to be unhealthy sometime
yeah well you gotta be a healthy you
gotta be on time you won't lose in time
there you guys this we got that carry
goal butter it up in there you should've
Oh reminding me that grass-fed that dead
cow grass-fed butter we should have cut
this okay
it's all good it's still gonna be good
Oh
oh my god no you're not doing that
have you for real eating butter oh I see
butter all the time when I look up the
book my brother I had I dare you to uh
eat a whole stick of butter
oh gosh you would throw up baby
so we don't turn our fire up a little
higher cuz that's still a little frozen
off and let this one seem to so yeah we
add our tops on there real quick and a
while that was steaming up in a take
this lid off and little season to it so
so you know this one could be right in
tight real quick
whoo all right y'all I'm not gonna start
to put seasoning on it until the shrimp
start fully cooking because right now
they're kind of like defrost in a little
bit cuz they were still a little you
know a little frozen from the freezer
but they just gonna sauteing their
butter a little bit I'm gonna come back
to y'all when I hear these fun and they
sizzling they starting to you know I'm
saying cook a little more so just stay
tuned baby cuz it's gonna get real real
lit up in the kitchen man okay y'all so
the noodles are starting to cook a
little more you see that starting to
flatten yes this that's a work in look
they starting to cook real nice okay
guys so lease says they didn't kind of
Milton y'all see the warden a butternut
kind of like mix together to that
abilities so just hot oh my god I bet
okay so I'm gonna um you took like a G
notices og girl oh yeah drain those
shrimpy shrimpy that's trim buddy shrimp
Scoob excellent good over all right
we're gonna get that running again the
noodles all Lord he's followed me over
here I'm gonna make it low all right
there we go we're gonna breathe look if
we don't throw these echinus yep nice
and that's a lot of shrimp I love all
that shrimp because some people be
trying to play you in the alfredo I'm
innocent don't be tryin to play yourself
and a little shrimp right you know I'm
saying in the Clifton book
that's a cookbook
yes get that pepper on there even a
senior food even ate baby go a little
with his collars that for it got no
babies will it's a fancy to me so I'm
just gonna throw a little bit of them oh
my god no mm-hmm oh yes oh boy oh boy oh
boy oh boy oh boy you got with you the
look boy yo and everything y'all yes
this is to get the flavor right move you
don't need too much of it this way if
you're using this you don't know so okay
y'all was looking at that so we don't
see here we just going oh yes oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh oh do I have some
more butter up in there gee I missed the
whole thing yeah I don't know you don't
want just thought to be dry you need it
to be with wet you need it wet yeah get
it wet I'm getting it wet get it right
now I'm gonna kill you if you don't get
away
so and there's no good noses
yes I mean if I'm good this will put the
sauce over here mmm I can't wait to take
this oh my god just mean we're going to
have you a trade oh so then she got to
down my other friends anything I would
cook when she first made me I did not
say that everybody was gonna medium to
south or so y'all my suit look like you
can cook oh look at how that butter is
just very homey to the mythic hmm yes I
can't wait to put it over there is the
are the noodles about done you think
they stick they need to be a little bit
more topical missus yeah we gonna put it
back on here
I just had to lower the temperature a
little bit all right you guys it's time
to drain the noodles our shrimp is over
here all alone looking delicious looking
mmm gotta be careful the drainer bigger
so a lot of little job alright y'all so
now it is time to mix these shrimps up
in these numerous yes o waters gonna be
so good it likes them since that was the
Cheesecake Factory
I love garden fettuccine over 800 km I
feel I'm serious oh my god
young even got the sauce in there yet
and it's already mmm just gonna you know
something mixed eat shrimps around me
you know what the mushrooms remind me of
something
the goodness yeah and she must go get
this sauce right now shake it up shake
it up shake it up shake up not poured
and oh my dreaming just that all in
there yeah oh my god yeah uh-huh yep a
little bit wild in yeah shake it up you
gotta get all of it out oh yes so just
yeah oh god I could just cry right now
hold on fever cooking baby that's why we
got a sound it's how I got a sound y'all
know what I'm talking about
if you don't sound like that it ain't
good right it ain't right y'all hear
their own home ago mmm it's just enough
is not too much not too little a little
bit yeah the most even up in there you
oh yes get that work got no up in there
it's all gone off yes little more some
pepper mm-hmm man that's good ah
beautiful
all right y'all see that shrimp out
right oh right there now we
talk this out but look for my John
cheese now salute the scene another poem
touchy throw her weight in half but
listen oh no but till I'm not wrong all
you gotta do is pump if I like it
boobies winner hmm
that's all you need right here that's
all you need that's all you need right
then I'm looking at y'all
oh oh no I'm not put your hands in the
any of you even tonight oh all right
first let's grab our plate single place
right here what you want from me already
got my fork but you know what I'm gonna
be nice to working on me you both here
you go all right so I'm gonna just wait
move my bone just scoop over here good
it in booty baby oh yeah it's gonna be
greedy I'm not I got a shirt all right
I mean this should be enough I mean it
taste it see if it's the right thing so
let's see a little piece ever since I
made a shrimp yet and the noodles are
good all right y'all shouldn't give me a
full bite with some shrimp animals Lucy
mm-hmm sis this is bull this is our
garden this only eats those you don't
missing some garlic bread we got some
you should told me we got found in a
bridge in a research everything is good
the noodles is sauteed to the tee mmm
watch our um yeah
here oh my god good you like it oh these
are like a yard
AJ like it and there are no Nikki yeah I
know a big plus some more oh wow we've
got to get on a plate oh sorry shut down
hmm
and if you're crying I'm sure I'm sorry
if y'all try it I'm gonna door you
snapped edit to us screenshot it tweet
us Instagram us if you post an Instagram
make sure you tag it fits either come
here good boy
okay you guys like I said you guys make
this
CJ even love me man only to telling this
is good I want some more before we stop
the video but listen if you guys enjoyed
this cooking video by me and my girl
Queen Machado subscribe a queen pan she
can't even finish she could she can't
even finish a video without eating I'm
gonna eat this I'm gonna tear this up
this is good this is it's great it's my
blog Channel perfect last vlog in the
description down below for every day
blogs in my life
get you a perfect t-shirt look y'all get
on I'm gonna get you one sister and you
want a t-shirt the link is in
description down below go get you one go
Bible and go purchase you one that's
always gonna see my game tomorrow or the
day after
don't be easy game hey way to lock your
wrist so y'all can tell me down stuff
because I got it by myself can't nobody
say to him