hi I'm Rick Vespa here with a series of
videos to help you make your life more
beautiful by making decorating easier
[Music]
I
[Music]
get asked a lot of planned questions but
the most frequent one is about watering
how much how often well that depends on
a lot of different things start with the
type of plants say succulents don't use
as much water as other plants the other
thing is location inside out full Sun
shade a lot of factors go into that and
of course the pots themselves what kinds
of pots plastic ceramic or say a porous
like a terra cotta that will use more
water so those are important things to
consider
let me talk a little bit to show you you
know the soil moisture is very important
and if you can see on this plant the
roots go from top to bottom so you
really don't want to let this plant dry
out halfway in between waterings it's a
common thing wait till it's dry and then
water I like to see a more frequent
watering with less water that's very
important and that way you won't have a
dry plant that when you water at all the
water just goes through and ends up in
the saucer at the bottom which is also a
bad thing so how do I measure water you
can do it with moisture meters like this
mechanical
devices that will help you measure the
water this one will actually flash blink
at you when the plant needs water
one other good sources your finger put
the finger in the soil and can tell if
there's water and especially at the tops
of the surface of the soil I'm
watering can hear I know this is obvious
but the snout here is what really
matters this helps you get the water
down into the plan and into the soil
sometimes these plants will repel the
water if you just pour it on the top so
that's really important you've got
something you get into the plant with
this this device here will help you
water your hanging baskets fill it with
water and give it a squeeze just makes
it a little easier
this fern here I've got in a tray like
this that snaps on the bottom of the
basket and it you can it'll hold water
now if you use one of these outside be
careful you don't let it fill with water
because it can actually do the plant
some harm but with a small layer of
water in here this fern will thrive
it'll keep the plant watered by
absorbing through the bottom as well as
giving it some humidity as you have
evaporation so it's a great way to grow
fern successfully a couple of other
things here we've got these devices that
help water when you're away this one
works by capillary action you can
actually recycle your wine bottles fill
the wine bottle with water put it in
here stick this in the soil and it gives
the water to the soil and the plant
through capillary action these are all
very similar there's a whole host of
items like that and then lastly soil
moist here which can be added to the
soil of your plants it's a polymer that
absorbs water gradually releases it to
the roots of the plant and that will
help if you're gone for an extended stay
just a couple of tips on plant watering
to help you make your life more
beautiful by making gardening easier
[Music]
you
[Music]