hi I'm Larry Richardson with a zen.com
cooking quick hit recipe in this Edition
we're going to make chicken broth or
chicken stock NOW chicken broth
primarily involves boiling chicken meat
while chicken stock involves boiling
down chicken bones first of all what
we're going to do is take a 12 quart pan
and put in 28 cups or 7 quarts of water
then we're going to add some vegetables
we're going to add two chopped celery
sticks
[Music]
two chopped carrots one chopped
onion and one crushed head of garlic the
Garlic's optional if you don't like
garlic don't use it I like
garlic then we're going to add a chicken
a 4 to 7 lb chicken and 1 tsp of
salt cover this mixture and bring it to
a boil once it starts boiling lower the
heat and let it cook for 1 and 1/2 hours
once the 1 and 1/2 hours is up uncover
the mixture and then let it cool a
little bit then what I want you to do is
take a set of tongs and remove the
chicken take the chicken apart when
you're doing this don't try to remove
the entire chicken or you will have hot
water splash on you so be real careful
with
this put the chicken in one container
and start to pick it clean pick all of
the edible meat off of the chicken at
this point what you have is a container
of chicken broth then you have chicken
meat and then you have the bones that
are left over from the chicken the bones
and the other parts now if you want to
make chicken stock what you do is you
add the bones and other parts back into
the
broth you bring the temperature back up
and you let it boil for anywhere from
another 15 minutes 45 minutes another
hour however long you want to boil the
longer you boil it the stronger the
stock will be just be careful because
you will you will lose some liquid as
it's
boiling now once you're done with that
boiling process uncover it again turn
the heat off and let it cool then what
you want to do is take the broth or the
stock rather and strain it you're going
to strain it into an 8 gallon pan and
what this does is it removes all the
chicken bones and any other little parts
that you don't want in your chicken
[Music]
stock then what we're going to do is
cool down the chicken stock you want to
let it cool down and put it in your
refrigerator you want to do this with
the broth too cool it down put it in the
refrigerator overnight the next morning
what you do is you open it up take it
out and you scrape off all the fat
scrape all the fat off the top
[Music]
now you have an edible chicken broth or
an edible chicken stock absolutely do
not skip the step of scraping the fat
off if you do you will suffer intestinal
[Music]
distress now once you have the broth or
the stock it's very easy to use this in
any recipe you can use it in soups you
can use it in sauces like Chinese food
you can just do a number of different
things with it and it does freeze so you
can store it too so congratulations
you've made chicken broth and chicken
[Music]
stock