my son's bedroom makeover was an
investment of time about 8 weekends and
a little bit of money for some new
furniture that would go with him when he
eventually moves out on his own this
contemporary masculine look was much
more appropriate for a career-minded
college
[Music]
man being the youngest child in my
family Tom naturally had the smallest
room in the house the two-tone blue
paint was about 10 years old and it was
decorated with remants of his old
interests rock band posters skateboard
shelves Legos H trucks and Harry Potter
books worst of all Tom was still using
the same 45-year-old ugly furniture that
I grew up
with well since Julie moved out on her
own this year we decided to give Tom the
larger room and convert his old one into
an office/guest room you may remember me
using Julie's room to build the bed
Bridge bookcase project which I brought
to her new apartment in Florida this
makeover began by cleaning out
everything she left behind and we
touched every surface in the room let's
start at the
top the room had really bad recess
lights when we moved in 18 years ago we
removed them at some point covering up
the holes and installed these ugly
really hot H hallogen
beasts I took down the ugly lights and
installed new 6-in cans in the existing
holes here's a tip if you want to patch
small holes in a stucco ceiling
just fill it with joint compound and dab
with a wet paper towel to give it a bit
of texture it practically disappears
after you
paint I like to COA all the gaps around
molding every time I repaint a room just
smooth it with a wet
finger in the high hats I installed
modern LED spotlights that swivel and
have a cool silver reflector so that you
don't get glare when you walk into the
[Music]
room
girls love to adhere crap to their walls
dads you must resist otherwise you
better learn how to skim coat and sand
and vacuum and dust before you paint I
like to remove all the vents and Outlets
from the walls before I paint it's a
good opportunity to clean them now that
all the prep was done I could finally
start painting the walls I find it's
easiest to paint the baseboard first
because I don't need to be careful
cutting in that little top
Edge I started with the black wall
behind the
bed the other three walls were painted
tan everything needed two
coats although the outlets and vents in
my house are consistently white I
decided to break tradition for the black
[Music]
wall when we peeled back the 18-year-old
Berber carpeting we were very pleased
with the the state of the hardwood
floors underneath I published a separate
video on how I refinish these floors and
I'll link to it at the end of this
video we leveraged Tom's mattress but
bought a new bed and headboard at Ikea
the frame is a malm bed which comes with
a boring slab headboard that we
hated instead we bought the mandal
headboard which looks awesome against
the black wall and has built-in
nightstands we also bought Tom a Freddy
computer workstation at Ikea he likes to
produce music so this will have plenty
of room for his speakers and other
recording components when he comes home
from college oh and the chair it's from
Sam's Club we don't get everything from
Ikea we upcycled the dressers that I
made 25 years ago with black chalk paint
and new hardware it was my first time
using chalk paint and I love the way it
turned out so much that I made a
separate video on the process two more
side videos from this project include
the world map made from recycled
palletwood and the crazy LED
[Music]
lighting be sure to check out these
related videos and more on my website
handy
[Music]
dad.
oh