how does it look it looks okay it looks
good oh my God I'm so thankful we had a
makeup artist to budget for me Ariel
Ariel arel I don't know what the [ __ ]
his name is don't worry about it you do
not need to even know that where is he I
need my makeup yes you need more makeup
I have one as well Peter hi Kylie she's
good she's good ky's good yeah she's say
well had Lun with her yesterday you
didn't I that's with her lip kit that's
what I meant with her lip kit there it
is
Peter oh dear we are on a budget he took
the whole damn budget Brenda well he
just the Kardashians I had to have them
for the best don't be charging me for
this now that's enough ER that's enough
that's enough that's enough thank you
really
mhm hey y'all it's Branda and it's
Shirley and you're watching the Branda
and Shirley show
[Music]
I have never in my life y the car like
this hey y'all in today's episode we're
going to go over dips dips dips dip when
I dip you dip we
dip so today's episode I do dip Sur do
dips and we want all y'all at home to do
dips so these recipes are super easy and
we'd love for you to try them at home so
today I have an artichoke dip for you
yes artichoke dip today now what are the
ingredients for this artichoke dip bring
if you let me speak I tell you so today
we have artichoke hearts
hands be quiet we have parmesan cheese
cheese mayonnaise mayonnaise and Stacy's
homemade Simply Naked Chips Store
B so what y'all are going to need are
some trays in a mixing bowl this recipe
like I excuse me we have kids watching
Little Beard never hurt anybody if you
didn't know we are on
Twitter I'm going to take something from
my social media remember I have more
followers than you barely Brandon barely
I do you are one giveaway from L get
them post I know how to do this no you
don't you're stupid Brandy you're so
stupid you are so stupid need preview
yes got it mhm be sure to follow us on
social media @ nasty Brenda nasty
Charlotte now Branda today do you
actually know how to do this or did you
just look it up this another homemade
recipe from your
grandmother yes so what we're going to
do is we're going to take these archo
carts
from that I picked from the farm oh oh
so great bring the baby I think you got
to drain it for we're going to drain it
drain it we're just going to dump the
artichoke carts into the
bow you your is
it it
is you know I'm allergic to no you're
not cut it out that's my line and you
know I am allergic you are cutting with
a but for God's sake what are you doing
weird trying to be resourceful since all
our budget went to my damn makeup
artist so we're going to take a butter
knife cuz it's safe for all kids of all
ages and we're just going to cut the
artichoke do this for me
please Bron my eye is going to swell up
get it out don't you don't don't oh baby
open there crystal
clear I hate Arch chokes and you know
that I love them I love artichokes they
stink you love them I do not Brenda
we're going to eat we're eating it so
next we're going to take one cup of
mayonnaise and you know I like to
eyeball
things that is just pure lard it's about
a cup we mix that down in not yet oh
we're going to take one cup of Parmesan
cheese
and just mix It On in It looks very
runny Branda more cheese BR I think
you're supposed to use the sifter on the
top you are just pouring it in there how
long do we bake
it you hear that the camera guy is
telling her how long to bake it are you
sleeping with the camera guy it's my
brother so after y'all mix those three
ingredients it's super simple you're
going to bake it at 350 for 15 to8 15
minutes try some you know what I think I
will leave it to be a surprise when it's
done cooking so y'all want to get a
large bakon dish and pour this in here
at a thin layer and you want to bake
this at three pour it in while I'm
talking as Shirley pours it in for me
we're going to take this and spread it
out onto a large baking dish and bake it
at 350 for 15 to 18 minutes just so much
mayonnaise you love mayonnaise don't you
Brenda you love this is my show Andy did
you have a smaller
dish no just spread the sh out a little
bit more cook faster maybe if we get
more out of the
bow
there you are just dumb as a damn
brick
we both would like to thank rand's rap
for helping us make this video possible
and you can use my discount code Laura
15 off for 15% off your Reynolds Wrap
today W that wasn't me it was all that
mise that mise you just ate it out the
tub with a SP stop lying so do your oven
actually work no oh
sh don't say why BR didn't pay her gas
bill I still don't have it is $14 a
month and you done pay this B over here
to do your
makeup pay your gas bill I look great
don't I priorities Brandon
priorities get your ass off my
table we rolling
yes our food
done Brenda I bought you OV a m for
yourself aage size Hands slow down slow
down gas BR I'm on the gas I'm on the
gas I just want to take a moment to
appreciate the size of Brenda's hands
now these are regular size of and her
damn hand barely B in it you look at
that I'm Shirley and I'm Branda I'm ugly
oh do not fry you will not my teeth are
crooked no no no no true
story don't take this I'm we baked bread
okay all right y so this is the finished
artist choke dip I hope yall try it at
home it is so damn easy Brandon this
looks very similar to a dish called
banana pudding very similar it's not
though it's delicious it's nutritious
and let's try it
okay you bur
J you owe me your
bite canot this I piece of AR CH for
surely charot
M I love this it's so
[Applause]
good it was delicious you have done it
again I hope y'all try that huh bless
know what y'all think subscribe to our
Channel when life gives you mess
to I'm Branda and I'm charie until next
time hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey