hi I'm Jen I love to go vintage shopping
I actually picked up this bookcase or
this tower at one of my local shops here
for around $60 I love to look so much
that I actually wanted to recreate it
for a bookshelf that I want to put into
one of my guest rooms so today I'm going
to show you how to duplicate this look I
found this shelf at IKEA it was
originally black but I've already
prepped it and painted it gold to match
the vintage one but I'm gonna actually
show you the skill on how to take the
glass shelves that came with it and turn
it into a mercury glass to match the
mirror look that the vintage one has
step 1 make sure you're in a
well-ventilated area step 2 make sure
the glass is clean the paint is gonna go
in the reverse side of whatever you're
painting in this case it's the bottom of
a glass shelf step 3 lightly spray the
glass with water step 4
spray a layer a mirror paint let it dry
for a few seconds
step 5 depending on your desired look
you can incorporate other colors here I
added gold and black for a more antique
look spray the colors and dab with a
damp cloth to get your desired effect
step 6
let it dry completely if it's too
transparent then add another layer of
the mirror paint the best part about
this mercury glass technique is that you
can use it on buses and other glass
pieces to make additional accents for
your home so for more DIY tips make sure
you subscribe to my channel for new
videos every Friday