[Music]
hi this is kat with beadaholique.com
that go with them so just to kind of
dive right in here I'm gonna start
talking about the adjustable chain so
what we have here is we have a couple
different examples so I'm gonna start
right here with our silicon slider now
this is a finished piece of chain and
you can see that it has that beautiful
rope style so it's nice and thick and
you really see that beautiful sterling
silver but the great thing about this is
that you still have your clasp on one
side which is just a very sleek style
lobster clasp but you also have an
adjustable slider so what happens is
it's nice and tight but you just give it
a little extra tug and it starts to pull
the chain to your desired length which
is really wonderful especially if you
are doing the trend of layering
necklaces or if you're giving a gift and
not quite sure how long they want their
necklace to be cuz everyone wears it
differently with different necklines so
this is a really great option so that's
one style of the clasp there and you can
actually make your own and I did this in
another video here by adding some
components together with some finished
chain or I'm sorry with some bulk chain
to finish it off with one of these
slider beads and all you do it's the
very same thing you can just slide it
along that chain to your desired length
so you'll be able to see that video as
well there and also in that video I made
a couple of other pieces I made this
bracelet piece here which features no
clasp but just that slidable adjuster so
it's a really nice little sleek piece
and that beautiful chain has the nice
little diamond cuts to it so it really
sparkles so you're really getting a lot
of value for your sterling silver
because sterling silver can be expensive
but you're definitely getting a lot of
beautiful wear from it so I did that
bracelet style in there and add just a
little charm in the end and then the
other thing in that video that you'll
find is how to actually construct one of
these types of necklaces now this is
similar to a lariat style so I have my
two ends here and this slider clasp is
actually adjustable as well it has two
silicone holes there and you can just
slide it up or slide it down
now way you can get to your exact length
that you would like for your necklace
alright so that goes over the silicone
sliders now the other type that we have
here it looks very similar but it is a
little bit different so I'm gonna start
by kind of showing you at the side view
so you can see on the side here that it
looks like there's a little button on
top so I'm not going to be able to move
this at all until I press that little
button that releases a spring and allows
me to pull it through so this is a nice
little way if you're worried about the
silicone wearing out you can use this to
adjust your necklace it's a nice little
button closure so we have a couple of
different styles here that are really
nice we have a lovely snake chain and
again you're gonna get that same sort of
button style that's gonna pull right
through there and we also have just some
other traditional chain here as well so
again these are all sterling silver on
this one you can really see the button
which is really nice and lovely so just
slide it along and it doesn't hurt the
chain at all you just want to make sure
you press it hard enough because you'll
notice that if you try to move it
without pressing the button it won't
move and it's designed to do that so
definitely make sure that you depress
that button and move it gently through
you can see just how it's almost
slipping through now which is really
what you want when you're pressing down
on that button alright so those are all
the chains and of course you've seen on
my table here I have some beautiful
charms lots of different sizes and it's
really important to especially when
you're layering necklaces to look at the
size and look at the scale of things so
I'm gonna start all the way over here by
talking about a few of the connectors
which is very similar to this circle
connector I did here and you can use
these for bracelets and for necklaces
and I love this one this is an infinity
one and it is actually curved ever
slightly so it really does make it
perfect for a bracelet but like I said
you can use them how you like and these
are beautiful little stamping bars here
and they actually have even the stamping
on there of the point nine to five to
really show you that this is going to be
sterling silver so speaking of that I
have a little teensy quality tag here
and you'll see a little bit more of this
in my video where I show you how to make
that adjustable slider clasp yourself
that's a really great little quality tag
and it is a nice little Italian charm so
very cute and definitely worth it if you
are giving a gift of jewelry and you
want to show off the quality so I have
some other open blanks here and these
are really nice they come with a nice
thick jump ring you can either use it or
open it up to take it off if you're if
you don't want to use that jump ring you
can definitely use something else I have
a couple here and it might be a little
difficult to see on this video here but
these actually have little prayers on
them this one is the Our Father so it
has the prayer going around in a nice
little circle and the ahmen right there
in the center so if you are spiritual
that's a lovely little gift we also have
mom and love which are beautiful and
perfect for bridal gifts or even bouquet
charms which are still very very popular
and then I have some long pieces over
here just kind of you know just
geometric and a little bit of sparkle
here just something to add interest
especially when you are layering
layering those necklaces I have a little
moon charm over here and actually a
rather large moon charm all say and I
have my small one up on my necklace here
I'll show you that in a moment and just
some other small charms I have a tree of
life a teeny little unicorn humps a hand
a lotus a little elephant here I have
the ohm symbol and a couple of different
ways I have a compass a wishbone soccer
ball little dove so there's a lot to
choose from here and even have our
little sitting buddha so speaking of how
you're actually going to wear these we
do have a very extensive video showing
you just different techniques of
layering necklaces but I just wanted to
show you how you can sort of double
everything up or triple everything up
I've shown you here so these are a
couple of the other styles of those
finished chain necklaces and I wanted to
focus on keeping something really big
here down at the bottom a little smaller
of a moon charm and then this necklace
right here this is a finished chain
necklace and it just has that beautiful
little saturn-like rings to it so it is
just delicate enough that I didn't
actually want to add another charm so
that's sort of the three that I've put
together and just to show you the back
here you can see that one I have much
tighter than the other one and it gets a
little crazy here in the back but that's
just sort of how layering necklaces are
you can see I have the original finished
chain up here that doesn't have that
adjustable slider and then I have these
two that have those button sliders just
like I was showing you a little bit
before so they just slide right through
so it's just a lot of options when
wearing these necklaces and it's really
great gift ideas for anyone who would
like just a little simple charm and that
these are just the newest ones that we
have here at beadaholique
you can find all of them and even more
videos at beadaholique.com
you