hey guys it's free and it's Thursday and
this week's theme on the Khaliq lab is
to teach you how to do something so I'm
gonna teach you how to blow a bubble out
of bubblegum so yeah okay
so the gamma musing is bubblicious sour
citrus and it rhymes bubblicious sour
citrus is my so cool it like rhymes but
anyways okay and here's what like the
wrapper looks like you could use any
kind of gum you want any kind of gum you
clean chew and this is my curtain behind
me by the way I'm like my iPods on my
windowsill my crisps behind me so okay
so it has pretty good lighting but
anyways umm I'm gonna teach you how to
blow a bubble out of bubblegum
I already chewed the gum so you wouldn't
have to like wait for me to chew it coz
these pieces are like 90 pounds they're
really big piece of the bubble gum so
I'm not sure um show you how to blow a
bubble
okay so first of all you are into the
gum Pro like a while well I don't know
how long it depends how big eyes and all
that and then you take it and put it
around your tongue I'm going to run your
tongue kind of put your teeth down on
the gum like on your tongue and then
just like whoa um so I'll show you
and then it will pop on your face no I'm
just reading it might blow one time go
with big bubble it was like but yeah and
yes I do - gum with braces thank you
very much but I'm go my braces off soon
yeah okay so I'm gonna do it again
yeah so that is how to blow a bubble out
of bubblegum
I hope you guys enjoyed this and I will
see you next week on the kool-aid club
so I hope you enjoyed and keep on lovin
yeah sure if you want to but well see
you guys next week