okay so I just wanted to do a little
demonstration on how I how to put down
tack strip on
concrete um just to show how I do it
maybe help somebody out give a few
little tips about hammering on
concrete um first off as you can see I
got three different three different bags
of nails here I'm going set the camera
down
so I
got
3/4
5/8 and a
half got some 1in Nails on the van just
in case um these little bitty half2 in
nails they're going to work for uh if
your concrete is too hard
and it's just busting
up and uh the concrete's busting up all
around it you're going to want to just
drive that in one hit you're going to
want to hit that one time and sink it in
one hit or else it's just going to keep
busting your concrete up uh the 5/8
nails they're uh they're pretty good
just for your average concrete the
longer nails are if the concrete is
softer and your 5/8 by the way which
this is what comes in your tack Strip
This t stack strip comes with a 10 gauge
5/8 in nail and uh those usually work
pretty good that's why they come in the
tap strip already but for softer
concrete like I said you want to use
something bigger so with it's going to
get deeper in the concrete and get a
better hold another thing whenever
you're hammering I think this is just
like a 22 or 24 o I can't remember I've
had it for years but whenever you Hammer
notice my hand is all the way back here
at the
back whenever I swing my hammer I want I
want the head of this to hit level on
that nail if it don't hit Level if it
hits like this or like that kind of hard
to hit like that but if it hits like
that it's going to just bend the nail on
the concrete not bend it but make it go
at an angle it's not going to drive in
so if you hold your Hammer up here with
this much out you know if you choke up
on it and get a little closer whenever
you swing your hammer and see that it's
going to be at an
angle so you want to swing from back
here that way when you hit your Hammer
is going to hit the nail level okay
another thing about
this I use this little magnetic
nail uh Grabber it just I can grab a
hold of the nails if I need an extra
nail I can just uh say for instance
right there just give it a little tap
and it's in there I don't have to I
don't have to uh worry about holding
that little bitty nail and hitting it
with my fingers like
that okay
so there was
existing tax strip here already so we
got nail holes already so we don't want
these to line up with those holes or
it's not going to be any count see here
so it's not going to get a good hole we
want to try to set our nails in between
these existing holes rather we have to
take and cut some off the end or
whatever we have to do I'm going to put
this camera on for just a second I hope
that's at a good angle what we can
see
um another thing whenever
you're like this is matching up right
there so I don't want that I want to
scoot it over just a little
bit actually that's going to make those
match up so I'll just do that and then
I'll run another piece up the side there
um one of the main things about hammer
and Tack strip is if it's sitting there
like that and it's got movement in it
whereever you hit it it's not going to
be solid on the floor and um it's not
going to stick in the concrete good
so I always want to make sure this is
held down real good and solid on the
floor whenever you nail it that way it's
solid it's not moving around or anything
okay you always want to get just maybe
38 of an inch or so to your wall okay
and this actually if you do enough of
this is going to hurt your thumb right
there from mashing down real tight and
holding it solid so I'll just take my
little magnet holder I'll get it where I
want
it for the first one and then after that
I'll just take Mash down real tight
beside the D okay did you notice I took
like four or five hits to knock that in
um you don't have to just well on it you
can actually just drive these in like
they're on
wood see
there some people will just well on it
like they got to get it all in on one
that's not the case
you can just drive them right in just
like it was on wood you don't have to do
it all in one
hit so long as you're holding it nice
and solid that's not going to go
anywhere this one right here cuz it's in
a
hole actually that one went down good
too so we're just going to carry that on
through the
wall all these are good none of them
seems to be matching up so again I'm
just going to hold the first
one
great so this actually went in a crack
so I didn't get a bite so I'm going to
just go on both sides of
that with another
[Music]
nail
is
[Music]
[Applause]
come
on
[Applause]
come
once
again you want to get the tax STP with
the 5/8
Nails uh 10 gauge 5/8 nails and the
quality of TX strip does make a big
difference for instance some of the
cheaper stuff if you hit this nail it's
just going to break right here and split
and you're going to have two pieces
instead of one and sew on here and so on
here you're just going to have to
continue to add
nails so uh do your yourself a favor buy
you spend the extra few dollars and get
you some good tax strip it's going to
it's going to be better for yourself
you'll spend less time dealing with
busted pieces and stuff like that 10
gauge 5/8 nails they do make it with
1116 and stuff like that but from my
experiences the 10
gauge 58
Nails um I've had the best experience
out of those
so didn't take just a few minutes to get
that wall down right there so