hey guys it's sub here with my three
little kiddos this is wan Ghost Recon
and Adam and um anyway we decided to
make some lemonade and we have our M big
mason jar here for lemonade and we have
fresh lemons and we're going to go ahead
and take you through our lemonade
Adventure which is always an adventure
when you have three boys I don't know if
you ladies have three girls but holy
macaroni and cheese is all I have to say
I want to do this no I'll do it yeah
it's do with that I I don't get it I
don't get it anyway um so we're going to
take you along and I hope you enjoy this
video and um you know make some lemonade
with your kids if you have any all right
uh we'll see you in just a
bit
hey guys okay so um you okay so uh super
and Adam um we're going to make uh
regular lemonade and and also we're
going to have some strawberries on the
side um to make strawberry lemonade um
the way I make my strawberries for the
strawberry lemonade that we take the
green part out and um Adam's going to be
using a straw to take it out um since he
can't use a knife obviously and um then
I cut them into slices and I put them in
a bowl and I um sprinkle sugar over them
just regular sugar nothing like
artificial or anything just straight up
sugar cane and um let it be there for a
good 15 20 minutes and what that does is
that um the sugar really goes into the
strawberry and it makes um like the
syrupy type of deliciousness that's made
out of strawberry juice and the sugar
and um again you don't need a lot just a
little just sprinkle it and um I put
that with my lemon with my lemonade and
it tastes really really good and it's
something that you you guys can do with
your kids or by yourself whatever and um
we're going to go ahead and get that
started all right guys and so this part
um and this is a fun way for the kids to
help with strawberries um is that you
stick the
straw into the middle of the
strawberry and you all the way through
and then you push
it and it comes out and it's you know
hopefully won't f himself in the eye or
anything but anyway it leaves a
hole but um I think it's a safe way for
the kids to help and you know I don't
know just to be safe all right so Adam's
going to go ahead and try it and uh get
this uh get this
started
the strawberries are ready to be sliced
Adam did a wonderful job doing his part
in the strawberry lemonade part so I'm
going to go ahead and start slicing
these
all right guys and now that they're all
sliced I'm going to take just regular
sugar cane and drizzles on
top and I'm going to let this sit there
for a good I wouldn't say about half an
hour and uh we'll let this sit and then
we'll be right back well right back half
an hour all right bye
all right guys and as you can see the
strawberry now has his natural syrup
because I added the sugar cane there is
the
lemonade waiting for us to put it in the
this
huge mason jar it's got a little SP in
it all right guys and I apologize I
didn't show you this before but we used
this juicer by Black & Decker and this
thing it's it has to be 5 6 years old um
so I don't even know if they still sell
it but this goes on top and you guys
already saw that and then this goes on
top and then this is pretty cool because
if you don't like Pulp you can go ahead
and leave that very minimal and then you
can see that it's open and then if you
do like the pulp you just leave it open
and you can see that the seeds won't go
there but the pulp will and this family
is half and half so I like the pulp some
of them don't so we try to go somewhere
in the middle so this this little I mean
it was cheap it was like 10 bucks so
that doesn't you know that's pretty cool
um anyway so uh let's get some lemonade
going all right guys and um with all the
lemons that Xander and Matthew squeezed
out I think they got about 64 oz of
actual lemon juice so that's a lot so
I'm going to go ahead and add Maybe 10
oz a little bit
more all right and I'm going to add
sugar to this now you can add however
much sugar you like some people like
really sweet lemonade Some Like It tart
make it however you want with the sugar
I use all natural sugar cane um so I'm
going to add some in there I'm going to
going to add
about to start I mean this is a
lot a lot of lemonade so this is my
sugar and this is a spoon I'm using
which is not a tablespoon it's bigger
than a tablespoon and I'm going to use
about three of
these and I'm going to stir that and I
am using a wooden spoon
um I you know this is glass it will
break if you use a metal spoon and
you're not careful cuz I've done it
before Oh My Gosh the ice is stuck on
here so let me break the
ice then I'm going to stir this for
maybe a
minute
it's making me
dizzy all right I'm going to go ahead
and taste it I don't think it's going to
be good I'm saying it now um but I'm
going to try it
anyway I'm going to be using a little
shot glass to uh do my taste test and I
got this shot glass when I went to
Arizona and it's got a little skeleton
with a little bobbing head in there I'm
not sure if you guys can see it but
that's what I'm going to use
and it's really not good so I'm going to
add some more
lemonade I'm going to add about 10 more
oz of
lemonade actually I added about 20
accidentally
and I'm going to add more
sugar I feel like just dumping this
whole thing in there cuz it's probably
going to take that much
sugar you can't retake it back so don't
do it all right I'm going to go ahead
and stir this baby
again
all right I'm going
to take another taste
test all right here I go
again that's what the little shot glass
looks like I don't know if you guys can
see
it
now that's tasting more like
lemonade all right guys and Xander has
selected this medieval times he went
there for school but anyway he selected
this glass to drink out of and it is
glass um so he wanted the strawberries
to be put in there first so I'm putting
the strawberries in there with a little
bit of the syrup turned out
[Music]
delicious and he's going to go ahead and
pour
it
and that's what it looks like in
his all right so we're going to go ahead
and pull the strawberries in there with
some strawberry juice I know me and my
multiple uh
stuff
all
right so that's what it looks
like I think it's a fun treat for like
the afternoon and and uh all that good
stuff all right so now it's going to be
my turn I'm going to have the same type
of glass at Matthew
sorry Ghost
Recon put my strawberries in
there with a little bit of the juice
actually more strawberries a little bit
of the
juice if you guys are doing this and you
find that you didn't get enough of the
juice um that develops when you put the
strawberry
and the sugar together you can add just
add more of the
the more of the sugar and just let it
sit there and you want to stir so the
sugar can move
around this is mine we'll be back and
that concludes our video for today
cheers uh strawberry lemonade um for
these hot summer days um it's the heat
index is year is really bad I think
right now it's 110 the heat index um so
it's very very hot and um yeah made a
whole picture of lemonade I think it's
going to last us maybe three or 4 days
um so we'll see I might have to get more
strawberries cuz Matthew and Adam I'm
sorry Matthew and Xander really liked it
with the strawberries and um if you guys
try this recipe let me know and if you
guys want me to try other recipes let me
know cuz I love cooking and I love being
in my kitchen and doing stuff in the
kitchen and um any anyway that's it for
now and um God bless you guys um have a
beautiful day be kind to one another and
um I'll catch you in my next video oh
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up and don't forget to subscribe I'll
talk to you later
bye