so this car has a brake leak and I am
going to show you a very easy way to
find out exactly where it's leaking from
so first thing you do is a tap off the
master cylinder there with some clean
fresh brake fluid and we'll close that
off now usually on these older cars and
they have brake leaks it's usually in
the lines running on the driver's side
pretty much right onto the door well
that run along with the fuel lines and
go back to the splitter that goes into
the left and right sides usually right
in that line they're usually right on to
the driver's door handle or in that
similar area but now that we've topped
that off what we're going to do now is
actually start the car and tuck the
brakes and we'll see where it where it
shoots out of or drips or squirts or
whatever it does so
just gonna pump the brakes build up some
pressure
watch under the car and as you can see
big size there
so now that we've identified where the
leak is we can go ahead and replace that
section of brake line now when you are
replacing brake line it is good it's a
good idea to replace any brake line that
even though it's not leaking it looks
similar to what you're replacing because
if I replace this trunk line right here
and it no longer leaks that's that's
great and now that's a strong part of
the system but the next rustiest line is
now the weakest part of the system and
that's going to soon to blow out so it's
a good idea just to replace anything
that's that's getting rusty or getting
corroded I just so you don't have to
come down here and do it again it's also
a good idea to put something down here
to actually catch the brake fluid like a
piece of cardboard or something like
that so it's not laying on your floor
but as you can see my floor needs a
quite a bit of cleaning anyway so I'm
not too terribly worried about it but
now that I've identified where the
problem is I can go ahead and remove
anything that's in my way I may have to
do drop something maybe not I guess I
might have gotten lucky in this car and
I may not have to drop anything and just
be able to get straight at the line but
in any case I'll have to disconnect it
from both ends and swap that line out