I'm married to this wonderful man who
has the temperament of a very picky
8-year-old when it comes to eating and
he loves delivery pizza well I thought
why not make a healthy cheaper
alternative grilled veggie pizza super
simple easy to put together on a week
night throw it in the oven is going to
be healthier and cheaper and better than
any pizza that we could have delivered I
start with a starbot dough it's really
easy to get high quality readymade pizza
dough at the grocery store these days it
couldn't be easier to stretch it out
throw it in the oven and wait for it to
crisp up when the dough comes out of the
oven I like to spread a pretty generous
layer of mcone over the dough and just
let it melt all over that hot dough so
delicious then I just slice up some red
bell peppers orange bell peppers yellow
bell peppers I really like the warm
toned bell peppers for some reason they
have a sweeter taste than the green one
so I put that together with a chopped
onion a little olive oil throw it in the
oven with some salt maybe some sea salt
and uh roast that at a pretty high
temperature then I put the vegetables
roast the vegetables on top of the
mapone and Grate Some peino Over the Top
This adds a really good salty flavor
kind of my version of a white pizza top
the whole thing with some fresh basil
leaves this just adds a freshness it
gets some vegetables and some greens
into my husband's face he has this thing
where he doesn't like to eat leaves so I
try to sneak them in wherever possible I
love this pizza because it's so easy
it's so healthy it's so much cheaper
than delivery pizza and above all it
looks so much
[Music]
better