hey what's going on guys Matt here at
detail king.com and today I want to show
you how simple and easy it is to remove
tar from your vehicle now even though a
lot of times it may be hard to see there
may be just those little specs or those
little splatters of tar it can
definitely build up all over your
vehicle from your undercarriage to the
lower portions of your car right here on
the lip of the wheel wells on your
fenders and if you have SUV or or if you
have an SUV a van or even a truck it can
definitely kick up a lot onto the rear
of those type of vehicles now if you
have a lighter colored car like I have
here on this uh yellow Chevy coal balt
you can easily see where all the tar is
building up but if you're working with a
darker color car like your black or your
dark Blues you definitely want to give
it a little bit more extra care and
really look closely making sure that
you're not missing any of the tar or
you're not allowing the tar to set up on
there for too long um because it can
definitely be harder to remove later on
now here again we're working with this
yellow Chevy coal balt and I'm going to
take our tar remover which I think the
name pretty much speaks for itself to
remove any of this buildup here on this
bumper now before applying the product
on I don't want to spray it directly
onto the paint for a couple reasons
first reason being is if you work in a
body shop we don't want to allow this
product to drip onto the ground it can
definitely make it slippery and you
don't want somebody to hurt themselves
uh also being is we don't want to waste
any type of product so we don't want to
have any type of unnecessary overspray
of the tar remover so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to spray it directly
right onto the Turk
towel so I'm going to saturate a little
bit of one side of this
towel and now we can go ahead in and
start to remove this
tar and now you can already see here
just with a couple passes I'm already
removing a lot of that tar that was
built up on
there now right now in our area we've
got a lot of construction going on a lot
of road work so that means that there's
a lot of new pavement which is
definitely going to kick up a lot of
this
tar onto the
vehicles but you can see right there
it's easily coming
off
there you go guys it's just as simple
and easy as that and now you're ready
for the rest of your cleanup so for more
information on our tar remover visit us
at detailking.com give us a call talk to
one of our sales reps also follow us on
Facebook and don't forget to subscribe
to our YouTube channel where you can see
more how-tos and automotive detailing
product videos we'll see you guys next
time