okay so I wanted to show you how to
clean your glass cooktop stove and um
I'm going to show you how I use what I
use I use um this which is just a glass
cook top heavy duty uh cleaner and
polish this is really good when you use
this it
repels um longer so that you don't have
to clean it quite as often okay so it's
been a little while since I've done mine
and um this is like where pasta water
boiled over all over the stove and so
I'm going to show you how to get that
off okay so basically what you're going
to need is your uh cook top cleaner I
also have this you can use this um this
is supposed to be daily cleaner that you
use like after you cook I don't really
find that it's that great or wor the
it's $5 a bottle and to me I can get
just as good uh just wiping it down with
you know uh a wet sponge or something
and then drying it off a soapy sponge so
but I do like this this is worth the uh
the price for it I think um because it
works really good uh I have done the
baking soda and peroxide and you mix it
together make like a little paste and
put it all over this and then use your
razor blade that works pretty good also
but it doesn't have um the stuff in it
to kind of repel to protect it against
uh getting dirty so fast so uh that's
one of the reasons we're using this so
what you're going to do once you've got
all the grease and everything off it's
going to take a little bit my lid's
stopped up so I'm just going to kind of
I took the lid
off and so um you really probably don't
need quite that much um so what you're
going to do then is just kind of rub it
all over your stove and I have to hold
my camera um while I do this I was going
to get one of the kids to do it but I
thought you know it'd probably be worse
to have them holding it bouncing all
over the place and they probably don't
want to watch me clean my stove so what
you're doing is just getting this all
over your stove
okay and I bottle of this last quite a
while you normally don't use quite as
much as I did when you squirt it out of
the lid but this is going to work really
good okay so all you're doing is you're
going to work
around and you you would use a um like
one of the little scrubby sponge type uh
scrubbers um but you would not want to
use anything metal or abrasive the most
abrasive thing we're going to use is a
clean razor
blade and it's not going to scratch
anything you hear my kids in the living
room
kayen so that's why I didn't want him
holding the camera so anyway scrub this
as much as you
can um even with your little scrubby
sponge you're not going to get all of it
off and that's okay cuz that's what the
razor blades for so um use a good new
razor blade and all you're going to do
is going in One Direction I start with
going back and forth in the same
direction and I just scrape where all of
that was and then if that direction
doesn't work then I come back and go in
the other direction so kind of I'm just
trying not to make it at different
angles I don't want to uh you know let
this slip or something and scratch my
stove but this is not going to scratch
your stove and it's not going to take
the little white lines off your stove
around the burners or anything like that
as long as you're using a good new razor
blade not one that's you know rusted or
anything like that then that you know I
can't promise you that that won't
scratch or St but this is how I always
do mine because if you don't use the
razor blade
it's not going to get all of this and
it's not going to look quite as good
we're going to make it look just
practically
new pretty close to
New so you can already kind of see how
much better it's
looking and so you just keep doing this
and so what I'm going to do is set my
camera
down so that I can really kind of do
it hopefully you can see that and I'm
just doing that same thing just
scratching it rubbing this back and
forth not scratching it sorry scraping
it
and don't worry about it sounding like
that that's
okay if you can see
okay and just go and what you want to do
is every once in a while you're just
going to kind of fill with like your
sponge or something you can feel or even
your hand you can tell where those spots
are if they've come up or not even
though you know like I can still I can
rub my hand over it and tell if there's
like a little rough area
and I know that um when I got my stove
the directions you know said called for
the stove cleaner the you know like what
I showed you and doesn't say anything
about using a razor blade or anything
but I just cannot get it to stay even if
I clean it every you know perfectly
every time and I don't make have
spillovers and stuff this doesn't come
quite as clean so the razor blade really
gets all of this
other stuff
off okay so you just want to do this
these other ones aren't quite as
bad and I'm just doing kind of a quick
version so I'm you know I don't want to
run my battery uh run out on me or quit
so I'm just going to do as quick as I
can and hopefully get it you know to
look pretty good
so you're just going to kind of like I
don't use this so I know there's
probably it's the warmer I know there's
not going to be really any areas there
now my stove is a little over a year
old about a year and 3 months old I
think and when I clean it it still
practically looks
new my oven's still really nice because
um it's got the self cleaning oven and
stuff on it just be careful the RAS blad
you don't let it slip and you know get
your hand or something okay so I'm going
to use my cloth here to clean this up a
little bit and we're not going to take
all of it off yet just yet so we're
going of kind of just do a rough
Gathering of all of
the most of the liquid here not quite
all of
it or the cleaner
okay so now I'm going to get let's see
if I have
a should I had this okay so I have two
things
here I had to find my towels sorry that
was my trash B drawer okay I'm going to
use that's our uh dirty one that I
started with okay so I'm going to
use this we're going to uh
kind of uh go over some of this a little
bit areas and then we're going to buff
if we need that oh we're going to use
the other one at the end we're going to
buff with this one or we're going to
kind of scrub with this one a little bit
more and then we're use the other one to
finish up
with so right now I'm just kind
of buffing it around make sure we got
all of these little
areas and and if I missed any you know
kind of using this little
extra uh cleaner
going around and you'll have to kind of
go back around the edges like where the
stove edges are like where it's like
silicone or whatever there that
is okay okay so we're at this point now
I'm going to take my microfiber cloth
and I'm just kind of buff it a little
bit and reason we're doing this is to
get all of this little cloudiness off
sorry still kind of shaking it all over
the
place and then get all your little
Corners again where all that white stuff
kind of seeps
in and that's pretty much it so we went
from
pretty much looking pretty junky to
almost looking pretty new again so give
that a try and just buff you want to
buff all of this to get all of that
white haze off of
it and then just maintain it and do this
every couple of weeks
and you'll keep your stove looking
pretty pretty new looking thank you