[Music]
poaching is a really gentle method of
cooking fish it keeps it nice and moist
and tasty and you've also got the
advantage of being able to use the
poaching liquor as a source um so what
we've got here we got the perfect piece
of fish this is a smoked hadock and this
weighs roughly 200 g and along with all
these other ingredients you've got the
advantage of this milk ending up um with
this delicious Aroma and taste to it as
well right so what we need to do is to
get the heat on the
pan get some milk
in and you're going to need enough milk
just to come up sort of almost to the
top of the fish got some parsley here
just take the tops off you can use that
chop that for something else um throw
the stalks in there's a lot of flavor in
those there's some peppercorns bit of
background kind of heat couple of bay
leaves pinch of Mace not too much quite
strong taste and I've got um half an
onion there to let that gently Infuse
for about 30 minutes so this milk is now
infused I'm just going to slide it off
the direct heat um because you don't
want it going too fast when you put your
fish in
so in with the fish it's quite important
you put it skin side up and that just
adds another layer of protection to it
when you're cooking it and just slip it
in and just leave it alone and let it
just sit there in that hot milk about
sort of 6 to 8 minutes minutes so this
fish is now cooked let's just carefully
get it out it's going to be quite
delicate at this point if you wanted to
you could remove the skin now and then
just gently turn it and it's worth
noting incidentally that this milk will
make a really good parsley sauce so
don't throw it away uh and it's also the
basis of a fish pie so it's worth
keeping so here we are here's our fish
beautifully cooked nice and delicate
that is how you poach
fish
[Music]