hi and welcome to white knights always
read the instructions before using a
product shake fabric care labels on
manufacturers guidelines there's a small
area before using a product a natural
solution rubbing alcohol or methyl
spirits or white spirits can be a quick
nor treatment for a grass stain no such
thing treatment can bleed the color so
it's worth trying to use a 50/50 alcohol
and water solution before moving on to
straight alcohol if the clothes is white
and can be bleached using a chlorine
bleach solution on the stay will work
yes be sure not to use too much bleach
or you'll damage the garment soaking the
staining a solution of water and
detergent is great as well then wash the
garment as usual but don't put them in
the clothes dryer until you've checked
the stain is definitely gone then wash
the garment as usual but don't push the
item in the clothes iron through shake
that stain is definitely gone as this
may have set the stain when trying to
eliminate grass stains don't use ammonia
degreaser or alkaline detergents because
they may permanently set the stain do
you need a way to move clothes around
check out the am stone below for
exclusive designer laundry mesh bags
to find more useful tips subscribe to
our YouTube channel