I'm dr. David Randall I'm a veterinarian
in Naples I've got a animal hospital
called Big Cypress animal clinics on the
east trail on the second generation
veterinarian my dad graduated from Ohio
State and I graduated from University of
Florida I practiced 20 plus plus years
and we've done a mixed animal practice
in the past nowadays in Naples approve
of dogs and cats this is a classical
type of dog we see right here you know
the 30 pound snails are we see a lot of
Labrador retrievers and golden
retrievers and boxers and stuff it's a
fun practice it's a practice that's with
the American Animal Hospital Association
one of the top type of hospitals that
you can find in the United States and we
do everything from surgery to
vaccinations and preventive medicine a
lot of dogs and cats we see here the
clinic do have degenerative joint
disease or what you would call arthritis
and the cause probably has to do with
nowadays we have hardwood floors we have
tile floors there's very poor traction
that the pets have okay back in the 70s
when you had shag carpet they had better
grip they had less problems as far as
laying down they'd lay on the carpet
they'd get up and they could actually
stand up nowadays cats run through the
kitchen the cats run through the house
the dogs they stop and they turn their
blow an anterior cruciate ligament or
something plus they stay inside a lot
more so they put on a little extra
weight just like this schnauzer he's a
great stones are okay and it's not the
dog's fault she spayed so she put on
weight she's she's in house dog so she
put on weight but this is the classical
type of dog that's going to go out there
run a little bit get the Zips feeling
happy and healthy stop and turn and you
know tear up a joint that's why you want
to do preventive medicine I want to make
sure that her joints are going to stay
healthy if you notice how thick she is
these are the type of dogs that what you
want to do is preventive medicine you
want to put them on something just
exactly like flex pet to help the joints
and everything so lots of as people
think that the big dogs are the ones
that you know have the biggest problems
as far as the joints and actually these
guys today we've had the Chihuahua that
jumped around in her itself and also
cocker spaniel that had twisted its leg
and stuff so I mean we know that the big
dollars are going to have
long-term problems but even small dogs
like the Chanel don't let the 12 is and
stuff benefit from things like
glucosamine and all the reason you're
going to use flex bed under my care is
strictly because preventive medicine
okay what I hate to see the dogs walk in
here with the broken legs with the
twisted joints with with the torn
cruciate ligaments or the OCD lesions in
the shoulder their self okay that is
after the injuries already happened okay
and then we're talking about six months
to a year to get them back or you're
talking about three four five thousand
dollars worth of surgery so preventative
medicines works at flex back guess what
preventative medicine puts bets on it
and try to make those joints is happy
and healthy as possible how do you use
flex pad for at least a year on many of
the pets here in the clinic and stuff
what we try to do is a combination of
things it's a combination of glucosamine
it's a combination of fatty acids the
best that literally the best thing about
flex pet is the ease of giving the
product itself okay a lot of the bigger
pills and stuff kind of crumble up okay
sometimes the pill is too big the dogs
will need it especially the little girls
you got to the Chihuahuas and stuff okay
I'm listening out here it's got a nice
smell to it nice flavor to it this dog
has never had these pills before in life
okay and sit there literally pick it up
and just eat it in stuff and you can't
get any easier now okay that's something
that you want to do on any of the dogs
especially the big dogs you know that
have slow growth rates and the dogs that
are mature independent alleged awake so
they don't hurt their joints and stuff
it's a good product we used in your
clinic