hi my name is Janet and welcome back to
Kaa Kina Mexicana today we're cooking
pole and pole comes from the state of
halisco my mother was raised in halisco
so pole is one of my favorite
dishes let me list the ingredients for
you
this is dry corn it is already peeled so
you don't have to boil it with lime and
then peel it and what I did is I I put
it yesterday at night I boiled it for
only 2 minutes and then I turned off the
heat and I let it stand the whole night
the reason we have the corn in water the
whole night night was for this little
tiny thing which was where the corn was
attached to be soft enough so we can
peel it and the reason we do this is
because we want this one to swell while
we boil it so it's a little bit um
laborious but it's worth it because if
you buy the hom from the can the flavor
of your P it's not going to be the same
and here's the corn and it's absolutely
beautiful we have boiling water here we
have to put the corn to boil for to cook
for several hours please do not put salt
at this stage otherwise it's not going
to come out
[Music]
soft I have a garlic cut in half I'm
going to add it up and make sure that
you always have water in the corn if you
need to add more more water please add
boiling water not cold water okay there
it goes my chile the ancho and the waho
I already took out the seeds and the
veins and now in very hot water I'm
going to put them to soak for at least
half an
hour the chill that we soaked are
already tender let's put them in the
blender with garlic
an
onion let's season this with
salt Mexican
oregano okay let's let strain
it now we are going to cook the salsa
and it's going to cook for 20 to 30
minutes this sauce has been cooking for
over 30 minutes and it's already done I
already tried it and the depth of
flavors is amazing let's turn it off and
we'll use it later
this has been cooking for 2 hours and
most of the Corn is already swollen let
me show
you see it's already very pretty now
let's remove the garlic
heads okay let's start adding the meat I
have pork neck bones porks uh pork feet
um and uh bone less pork meat M this is
going to be
yummy last but not least one onion and
we're going to add start adding salt at
this stage we're going to start adding
the
salsa so 2 and 1 half hours later the
meat is done and it is really tender um
I just want to show you something look
at this broth and how thick it is this
is something that you cannot achieve if
you buy the corn that comes out of a can
so now we're going to remove the bones
the
onion and this is ready to serve I
already took out the bones and transfer
it to a smaller pot oh doesn't it look
amazing come I invite you to my table
and let's garnish this pole I'm
garnishing my Sol with a good squeeze of
lime some onions
radishes
lettuce and last but not least chili
powder more chili
and with a little bit of AATA and I'm
ready to eat I hope you enjoy this
recipe as much as I am going to enjoy
having my pole and thank you for being
with us