[Music]
hi YouTube friends thanks for joining me
I'm making some slow cooker white rice
just a general
recipe I um like to cook this to have
rice in
Supply uh if you're going to make a beef
dish you might want to add beef bull
young cubes if you're making a chicken
dish you might want want to add chicken
bullon cubes depending on what you're
making will determine the flavors you
want to add I've already spr sprayed the
slow cooker with butter
spray and um I'm going to add butter
also I use a 2: one
ratio 2 cups of water to one cup of rice
and uh it usually works pretty well I
start out on high and lower the uh
uh Am lower the heat depending on your
so cooker my small so cooker cooks
faster than my large slow cooker so
you've got to watch it generally um I I
note between um 2 and 3 hours so
sometimes depending on the amount of
rice it's 1 and 1/2 hours it can be um
up to 3 and 1/2 hours so depending on
your rice and your slow cooker you need
to get accustomed to the settings you
need to use I like to start fast and
finish slow that way you get a really
nice fluffy tasty result I'll let you
know my progress I've got the rice water
butter and Seasonings in the crock bar
on high I'll keep you posted about my
progress see you back soon the rice has
been cooking for an hour I just stirred
it it's looking pretty good
I like the progress I'll keep it on high
a bit
longer let's see how we're doing it's
now an hour and a half and it's looking
pretty good I've just stirred it it's
not quite fluffy yet it's still quite
moist so I'm going to turn it down to
low for another half an hour this is 3
cups of rice and six cups of water with
seasoning
let's see how another half an hour on
low goes let's see how we're doing it's
another half an hour
later I just stirred it it's looking
pretty good I'm going to turn the heat
off now and let the remaining liquid
absorb into the rice with just the heat
that's left in the sow cooker see you
back
soon you got a pretty good result it's
been another half an hour just cooking
with the heat it is
perfect and if you ever have problem
scorching your rice when you cook it
this is a great alternative it will
never Scorch um and if you use regular
method cooking on the stove top if you
turn the rice off for the last 5 minutes
of cooking then again that's another way
to avoid scatching your
rice I hope this information was helpful
thanks for watching