[Applause]
[Music]
hello folks back to the basics 101 today
we are removing glued down carpet on
concrete at our church I'm telling you
this is not is this what you want to do
for a living like this is a bad day I'm
telling you no that's not true every day
is a good day it's the day the Lord has
made this is how we're doing it we tried
a few different tools what's that thing
called that Milwaukee a little an
oscillating saw did that work very
slowly yep so here we are
check this out I don't know there might
be a better way of doing this but this
is the way we're using there's gotta be
a better way what what was it saying you
said the other day you said yes laziness
is the mother of all invention so that's
true we need to become millionaires
today now I tried I googled this there
is no easy way of doing this the way you
eat an elephant is one bite at a time
period this stuff is glued and an east
bound to the concrete you can resharpen
these blades these reciprocating saw
blades they get abused though and things
do break that's just the facts they are
going to break now there are three
different kinds I put a link on Amazon
the smaller one is for very heavy duty
at duty applications the four-inch is a
little bit more lighter duty and the
6-inch is a little bit more fragile I
put a link on Amazon which does help our
store we get just pennies every time you
buy something from something that I post
a link on
just cutting it in strips about I don't
know what eight inches six inches
seems like forever but it's really not
we have found that when you use a hook
blade in your utility knife it really
does work
the best that we could we found so far
this really it went along fairly fast
once we kind of figured it out now the
blade is a bit fragile you don't want to
abuse this it's a scraper blade not a
sawzall blade and you just put that in
your reciprocating saw it works great