[Music]
gentlemen today we're talking about the
greatest invention since T's Hanley the
hoodie a men's style staple that every
guy loves most men own but very few know
how to properly rap but today that
changes because I'm going over five ways
to properly rock a hoodie to look like a
super sexy stylish ninja as opposed to
your bus driver Barry as you know all
hoodies were not created equal some
hoodies stand alike they're nice they're
comfortable but the deal is there's a
big difference between wearing a hoodie
that's it and wearing a hoodie that's
amazing this hoodie I'm wearing is man
why is it man well you can see it's big
a lot of guys wear hoodies that are
oversized now if you're going to a store
and you're going to be looking for a
hoodie that is not tailored you need to
make sure you're sizing down if you're
normally a large try the medium if
you're normally a medium try the small
old navy not that there's anything wrong
with Old Navy or any store for that
matter but a hoodie is not as versatile
if it does have some type of logo some
type of crazy pattern in my opinion what
you should be looking for is a hoodie
that is simple it's clean its solid a
bit but it's not just about fit also the
fabric you need to understand that there
are different levels of hoodie
amazingness this is a regular cotton
hoodie which is fine it's not as
versatile because you can't necessarily
dress it up like you can a merino wool
hoodie on the fashion flipside this
hoodie is as close to a perfect
versatile sexy fitted hoodie as you can
possibly get it is a 100% merino wool
it's tailored notice that the body is
not super big the size I am wearing is a
small if you want one you can grab one
but a man I'm going to show you how to
dress this hoodie up I'm going to show
you how to dress it down and how it
looks incredible with pretty much
everything and if you want to grab on
guys there is a link down below to
today's video sponsor master op master
opt is freaking awesome it's a website
but really it's a
or a group of communities and the way
that it works is they create products
based on the feedback and the input and
what the communities actually want you
see what you do you go on you sign up
there's a link down below it's totally
free and then you basically pick which
communities you're interested in I'm a
member of the apparel everyday carry I
also like Auto and watches but they've
got a lot of different communities in
these communities members are always
like talking giving feedback and saying
what they won and if enough people want
something then mass drop goes out
sources it and has them created because
they've got this community they've got
buying power so they can go to these
manufacturers of these vendors and be
like oh I got five hundred people that
are interested in buying your allen
edmonds shoes and they'll get you an
incredible deal the downside supplies
are limited and so when it drops you got
a like bite like if you're interested
and this sweatshirt gentleman it just
dropped it is in my opinion one of the
greatest sweatshirts in the history of
sweatshirts it's a hundred percent
merino wool it's made in America
interesting sidenote it's made in a
factory in Allentown Pennsylvania which
is like 30 minutes from where I grew up
so that makes it extra cool to me
gentlemen the drop is on so if you're
interested in grabbing this specific
hoodie or checking it out guys there's a
link down below to go and grab it
they've only got 500 and like eighty
units made so supplies are limited
they've got two hundred and ninety like
with the thumb hole which I thought was
kind of cool or you can get one without
the thumb hole but the bottom line is
this supplies are limited these things
are incredible grab it now while
supplies last unfortunately they're
gonna sell out of these but it doesn't
mean that you shouldn't go and sign up
for mass drop and join the community and
look around like you've got some
incredible deals of some items that they
haven't sold through that I'm sure
you're gonna love guys link below grab
it while it's hot now gentlemen let me
show you five ways to dress this up and
down buddy time alright guys so this is
like obviously like my favorite way to
rock a hoodie I got a great pair of
simple retro fashion sneakers my diesel
jeans and just a simple white t-shirt
underneath and the reason why the hoodie
is so incredible in my opinion is
because it works
great as a top layer but you can also
work it as a middle layer Fang quilted
bets the middle layer the hoodie is the
perfect options a pair and layer with a
great vest vest are incredible they're
super hot with fall coming up you
definitely need to rock one I got the
same t-shirt on I got the same jeans but
I changed up the shoes I went with green
Pumas denim jackets what and chinos yes
please it's a great idea to use that
hoodie like I said as a middle layer and
it works incredible with just a simple
basic t-shirt and a denim jacket a lot
of guys will I do what do I wear denim
jackets with well chinos are the perfect
option the combo dynamite you want to
work out exactly me too hey there see
the hoodie is also the perfect addition
to your workout wear um and this kind of
like takes it to a little bit nicer
level after the gym you might want to go
grab something to eat there definitely
going to be some potential spicy
senoritas and you want to look your best
or if you're a douche like me you wear
the hoodie you go and you warm off you
get a little pump going you're warm
things started ah and then you take it
off and you look a little more swole
than just walking in off the street and
boy bad boy what you gonna do when you
show up looking this damn sexy but dark
grey jeans or black jeans you got your
Chelsea boots on you got your zip up
what are you kidding me see that is the
difference or you want to take it to the
next level did somebody say next level
yes exactly
throw it underneath of that great
leather jacket come on seriously like
like it's not even fair to other dudes
you look so damn fine and sexy wearing
your zip up Hoodie guys here's the deal
I personally think that the zip up
Hoodie is a lot more versatile than just
the pullover hoodie with the pocket
because you can wear it and parent and
layer it a lot better and it doesn't
look as out of place as if you're just
wearing like a pullover hoodie I think
that looks a lot more casual but
hopefully you dug this video if you do
give it a big thumbs up I'm having way
too much fun with this hoodie see it's
mark