what's up guys welcome back to the
educated barfly today we are gonna
tackle the Moscow Mule that super simple
drink with a really interesting story
behind it basic and actually one of the
most famous cocktails invented in Los
Angeles those one of those classic said
those rare classics in mint in Los
Angeles so the story goes something like
this there was a guy who worked for the
hue blend drinks corporation named John
G Martin he was a marketing executive
that had basically asked he had
convinced the higher-ups that his
company's can company to give him the
rights to sell smirnoff vodka around
1930 and he had been hitting the bricks
for a really long time and nobody in the
United States really wanted to drink
vodka it was kind of this everyone was
on to gin nobody really wanted to drink
vodka so he teamed up with a guy named
Jack Morgan who owned a cocktail bar or
owned a bar called the cock-and-bull
which used to be up on Sunset Boulevard
it's now defunct and basically these two
guys John Martin and Jack Morgan they
lay claim to the invention of the Moscow
Mule but actually there was there is
some evidence that the bartender West
price was the guy who invented it and to
tell you the honest God truth I would
believe more a bartender than the bar
owner and a marketing executive that
wants to make himself look like a genius
about who created what a bartender is
gonna be more the guy thinking about
flavor profiles and figuring out how to
do anyway Jack Morgan had also ordered a
bunch of ginger beer that he could not
get rid of nobody wanted to drink it and
it also came out that Jack Morgan's
girlfriend was selling copper mugs so I
don't know exactly when and how all of
this got put together but it was the
year was 1941 the bar was the
cock-and-bull up on Sunset Boulevard in
Los Angeles West price was the name of
the bartender all right let's get into
the drink now that you heard that
mouthful what we're gonna do super
simple three quarters of an ounce of
fresh lime juice into a copper mug which
is the traditional
the traditional but it's also functional
until you know why in a second
two ounces of vodka we're gonna use my
hands to do ice and if you guys are
disgusted by that you don't have to
drink it there you go
well ice and then top it up with ginger
beer probably about four ounces and I
like to garnish with a lime wheel not
such a functional garnish but you can
either do that or you can lay it on top
usually I lay it on top because I'm lazy
but we'll just do that because it looks
better and there you have it the Moscow
Mule
alright let's taste it and find out how
it how it tastes so it's great about
this is that it's citrus forward you got
the booze but the ginger beer gives it
this little amount of sugar but not a
lot so what we're using fever tree super
ginger II and it was just a really tart
refreshing drink there you have it the
Moscow Mule the other thing I wanted to
say about that I teased and didn't
actually say is that the copper mug is
actually a functional vessel and the
reason why is because copper is a great
conductor of energy and because copper
conducts energy it actually conducts the
cold around which actually keeps the the
ice colder which means that it melts
slower as you drink so it's like a great
functional thing I don't know if Jack
Morgan or West Price or John Martin had
this in mind when they created it but
that is the fact so there you have it
the Moscow Mule
you