what's going on guys I'm bill and
welcome to Bill's here - today I'm gonna
show you guys how to remove all this
oily greasy mess that's up here on the
exhaust fan this exhaust fan hasn't been
cleaned for probably fifteen twenty
years since it was installed so I'm
gonna show you guys just how easy it is
to clean this up let's do this alright
guys this is probably one of the most
disgusting things I've ever seen but
it's a perfect opportunity to show you
guys just how easy it is to clean all
this mess up now I really don't want to
touch this but just to show you guys how
bad it is
now that is disgusting
really bad really sticky it's been here
for a very long time and as most of you
probably know when it comes to grease
and oil water seems to do nothing that's
cause water and oil don't mix so I'm
going to show you guys just how easy it
is to clean to get rid of this mess now
I'm going to show you guys both if I was
to try and clean it with water and
vinegar which is one of the best
cleaning solutions out there and some
will try cleaning up with water and
vinegar on one side and then I'm going
to show you how I usually clean it on
the other side so I'm just going to give
it a good spray on the one side with oil
and vinegar which is one of the best
cleaning solutions out there it's very
very good used for everything so let's
give this a wipe it doesn't even want to
slide across and you can see there
that's the biggest problem you get so
everything seems to clump together and
it just sticks to itself so I'll give
this another good cup of wipes so you
can see that it doesn't really do much
all it does is just spread and make a
mess out of it
so what I like to use is I go and stain
remover now the reason why I use this
and there's a few different brands out
there that you can get if they don't do
exactly the same thing it's basically a
citrus solution so what that means is
it's a citrus inside that will actually
break up all these grates and that's
what helps you get rid of it so there's
another good one out there I think it
was called remove it or something like
that it was a counter motor was dissolve
it or remove it I'll put the link in the
description so you guys know I'll put a
photo in the video so you guys know this
is the one that
now you can make a homemade version of
this using citrus peels but it's not
worth the effort this one it costs
probably about $4 and it'll do just fine
so it's not worth the effort in cleaning
it and I'll show you guys just how easy
it is to clean this so we'll spray the
other side and then we'll give it a wipe
so you can see how much easier slides
across it simply prevents it all from
sticking together so it will allow you
to wipe that clean and it gets rid of
that stickiness so if I was to spray
this on my hands for example I can then
touch it and the grease won't actually
stick to my fingers as you can see there
that citrus is just sitting on there and
it puts a protective layer in between so
I'm going to spray this whole lot off
the best thing about this is that I
won't have to wash it once I'm done
once I'm completely done in cleaning
this I won't have to wash it off at all
I can just simply wipe that off clean
and it'll be ready to go now as you can
tell
hopefully the top is pretty much all
clean it's just what's inside the
between these little grooves here so
what I'm going to do I'm going to turn
it around and clean it from the other
side and try to get this stuff to all
come out now this stuff can be used for
anything any time using in the range
hood anywhere where there's oil and
grease around your house or any gooey
substance left from stickers and glue
and things like that so you can see how
much of a mess there is on the backyard
just once again we'll just wipe that off
I guarantee you guys this is one of the
easiest ways that I've come across when
it comes to cleaning all this mess off I
mean look how easy this stuff comes off
and it doesn't stick to your fingers
anymore which is probably the worst part
about using dealing with any kind of oil
or grease it's disgusting but I it's
work so as I flip this around you can
say there's a whole stack of messy I'll
just use a dirty one wiped all this out
of the way
and then I can clean off the face now
you can say under the sticker here the
door up of grease that's behind that
I'll just get rid of this and we'll
clean that off as well once again give
it another spray can Sarah quickly just
picks up all that oil and gets rid of it
so I'll just give it that final wide and
there we have it guys
perfect and once that's done guys that
is the finished product like a brand new
exhaust fan now hopefully you guys have
enjoyed the video if there's anything
else you guys would like to learn how to
do in or around your house put it in the
comment section below and I'll be happy
to show you guys how to do it as always
like comment and subscribe until next
time I'm bill thanks for watching Bill's
out to