introducing the dham damp Pro 20 the dam
damp Pro 20 is a stylish and simple yet
powerful 20 l d humidifier it is
designed to take moisture out of a room
and reduce condensation and perspiration
within its immediate environment under
Optimum conditions it will extract up to
20 L of moisture in one day the ideal
humidity levels can be set by simply
adjusting the levels with the push
button controls the auto swing Louver
distributes the air evenly in the room
position in the unit is easy with the
four easy Glide casters so it can be
moved from room to room with ease the
5.5 L water tank has an auto shut off
when its capacity is reached and the
tank full light will illuminate for a
visual reminder that the tank needs
emptying the tank has an easy access
handle under really damp conditions The
dham Damp Pro 20 can be set to run
continuously by simply connecting a hose
to its drainage Outlet this is very
popular in garages Caravans boats and
Holiday Homes
The dham Damp Pro 20 is ideal for flats
and apartments homes up to five bedrooms
in size a drying laundry to create a
healthier living environment The deham
Damp Pro 20 dehumidifier aims to provide
the highest air quality for your home or
office and for those smaller areas check
out The deam Damp Pro 12 If you
experience condensation damp mold or
musty air check out dam.com or call us
on 1300 1371
15 to speak to someone about the right
solution for you deham air quality
appliances guaranteed to improve your
air quality well-being and comfort