ah instill honey we go hey guys if
Kennedy and this is my beautiful voice
honey and today we're going to be
showing you how to cream your horse did
this video about a year ago on my
channel but let's just say the quality
of the video was so terrible
the lighting and just the overall
quality was really bad so I decided to
redo it so I'm hoping that this video
will be a better quality than last time
fingers crossed
before we start grooming there are some
benefits to grooming your horse first
off it's a great time to bond with your
horse secondly your horse looks
obviously really good when you're done
Polly it's a great way to be able to
check for wounds or injury on your horse
because so often times you won't be able
to see it from the surface but you can
feel it when you're grooming them also
when you groom your horse there's this
oil in their coat called sebum and so
when you groom them and distribute the
oil throughout the coat sebum
waterproofs as well as shines your
horses coat which is really good and
groom your horse also helps improve
their circulation so now that you guys
all know the benefits of grooming your
horse let's get to it baby
alright so to start off with grooming
your horse you're going to use a curry
comb um there's a couple different creek
homes I want to show you guys before we
start the first is a fine curry comb the
fine curry comb just has these soft
bristles they're bendable this is for
sensitive skin you can use this on your
horse's belly their legs their face I
really like this curry comb but I don't
use it all that often so this is just if
I'm feeling soft I don't know so the
second curry comb um some people use I
actually do not like this at all
but this is a jelly scrubber and I do
not like I said I don't like to use this
but um some people really like it on one
side just pretty much fits in your hand
once that it has the soft bristles like
what I just showed you and then has like
these hard little knobby things and then
this is like the standard curry comb
it's just like you put your hand here
and it's in this
um just this oval shape and it just has
like bristles little rows of bristles um
this one I like a lot I use it a lot but
this one I like even better and it's
pretty much the same idea but it's a
little bit softer and it's about you
Quine addition and adds more like a
bendable straight thing it just kind of
moves with your hands so this one's more
stiff this one's more soft I'm going to
take my creek home and use it in a
circular motion of my horse's body it's
best if you use the create comb in a
counter clockwise circular motion
instead of clockwise because it just
seems to get the dirt out better you can
use the curry comb when your horse's
neck their body and their hindquarters
don't use it on horse's face or on that
legs so after the curry comb the next
brush I'm going to be using is a dandy
brush or a hard bristle brush this brush
is just pretty much hard bristles this
brush is used to get off the larger
particles of dirt after you finish
curing your horse
so the Danny brush is supposed to brush
away the bigger particles of dirt that
the curry brought to the surface use
swift short strokes to really push the
dirt out okay so after you're done using
the dandy brush I'm going to be using a
body brush and I have two different
types this brush is an equine additions
brush and it's just regular body brush
the bristles are a little bit softer
than the Danny brush but not quite like
a soft brush and then I have this one
this is just a generic one but it's a
soft grip I recommend getting your
brushes and soft grip I don't have all
my brushes this is like the only one
that I have but I if I replace my
brushes in the near future I will
definitely get them with soft grip
because it's just like fun to hold like
you just want to hold this like all day
long and the bristles are just so soft
so I'm gonna go with my soft grip you're
pretty much gonna use this just like the
Danny brush but I am going to use this
on honey's legs as well
all right so the last brush we're going
to be using is the soft brush this is
the softest brush ever it's just like
totally soft you can use this on your
horse's face I have a separate face for
this brush and so has such fine bristles
it's used to get like the super
microscopic dust particles out of your
horse's coat and this is a metal curry
comb I use this just to when you're
frequently when you're grooming your
horse with a soft brush this brush will
filled up with a lot of dirt and stuff
and so this metal creaking just you run
it on the bristles it cleans it off
so yeah let's get to work with this one
alright so the last brush I'm going to
use this is on her face it's pretty much
like a soft brush it's by wall and I got
this with my Clipper it came with my
show plus clipper but I'm just gonna do
her face with this then to finish up her
coat I'm gonna take an old t-shirt and
dip this in water and then wring it out
and go over her whole body with it I
find that this just helps get like all
the dust that's been left behind or
anything like that
out of her coat and makes it look really
shiny alright so before I move on to her
hooves and her mane and tail I'm gonna
spray off her body with absorbing ultra
shield red stock type the spread her off
with my spray I'm going to pick up her
feet it's pretty much like two different
host pick options there's this one it's
just a vinyl hoof pick it's literally
like 98 cents in a catalog and there's
this one and this is just the hoof pick
with the handle the tough picker and
then also a brush I recommend getting
this one this one is not as effective as
it doesn't have a brush this one you can
just like brush out the soles yeah I
love this hoof pick it's like so pretty
in pink
so to ask for your horse's foot you're
just gonna run your hand down their leg
and just squeeze right here good girl
she knows how to lift her leg up if
you're not having success though with
picking up your leg there's this
chestnut right here just squeeze on it
and they're reflexes did lift their foot
up so if you're having a chart trouble
lifting up their foot she just does it
fine so just lift it up like this and
I'm just gonna take my hoof pick and
brush it out stuff and then pick along
the side all right so this is the what
their hoof looks like so this is their
frog this is a sensitive part of the
hook that you want to avoid picking at
it's just the V in the middle of the
hoof she's just gonna go down the corner
like the edges of the V there's frog and
really pick in here this is called their
bars because there might be some extra
stuff and then you can just like brush
it away it's really important to pick
out your horse's feet at least once a
day because if you ignore their feet
they can grow a bacterial infection
called thrush and their hoof and that's
really bad so take care of your horses
feet his feet will take care of you so
I'm just gonna take the tangler and
spread it all over her mane and then I
just take my Oster brush out and gently
comb out her vein starting at the tips
and then make your way up to the root
Yatta all right so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I hope it helps some
of you learn something new if you
enjoyed the video please give a big
thumbs up also don't forget to subscribe
to my channel down below I'm try to make
videos like once a week sometimes it's
hard with school and everything but I
try to make a video once a week
sometimes on a rare occasion I can post
twice a week but then other weeks I
don't post anything but yeah I try to
post once a week roughly also don't
forget to go follow me on Twitter the
link will be in the description box
below alright so we love you guys so
much and we hope to see you in our next
video