I'm wolf Kang pck and I own a few
restaurants and I'm going to cook
chicken pot pie it's old style cooking
in a way like comfort food often comes
from your grandmother you don't want the
flow to Brown so it should stay nice and
offwhite steer it frequently because if
not it will stick now let me show you
what I like about the consistency you
take a spoon put a string to you still
see the soup spoon underneath but the
sauce cover the spoon perfectly the same
way then our dish the most important
thing really when you make the sauce is
then to taste it but a little more salt
you also can add a little cream to it to
make it even more Rich there should be
no way that anywhere you go in your home
or in a restaurant that something is
underseasoned or overseason you can add
any vegetables you have I think in the
winter time we have a lot of root
vegetables like you could add P Snips to
it you can add celery root to it
whatever you find at the local store or
or on the farmers's
market you don't have to cut it in
Perfect Circle it's okay if it's a
little oval or whatever the most
important thing is that it's bigger than
your bowl also if you don't have chicken
you could make the same thing with
turkey for example leftover turkey would
be perfect here is our truffle is really
a for special location I bought one once
in Italy for $119,000 one hey we spend
hundreds of thousands of dollar for
diamonds and you cannot even eat it so
you know what I like about the chicken
pot pie is the presentation also when
you take it out of the oven and it has
this beautiful brown Dome people going
to say what is this and then they're
going to dig in it and you get this all
the flavors coming
out some things will never go out of
fashion people love chicken P Pine oh
yes