hi this is Ally with manifested Harmony
I was in the process of cleaning and
cleansing some crystals for some Crystal
classes that are coming up in the next
week and I thought why not make a video
to show um others how to cleanse
crystals so that if you're buying them
and you want to use them you can have
them in a safe and effective way so
there's a couple of different ways that
you can cleanse crystals um one of the
first ways is is through smudging
smudging with sage now uh this is
clipped uh in a little bowl or you can
use a smudge
stick um which you can get at any
metaphysical store you can even get them
at Whole Foods these days and what you
do is you hold the
crystal in the
smoke and in tribal and Native American
traditions uh they still to this day use
smudging uh frequently to um dispel
negativity um and this can help
to uh cleanse the crystal so that it
goes back to its original vibration so
that is one way that you can do this
another way is to do an intensive
cleaning it's called a 7-Day intensive
cleaning where you take um um purified
or distilled water put some sea salt in
it and you put the crystals right in the
water water and you do this for 7 Days
um preferably in a natural bowl like
glass and you don't have to do this with
every crystal but if you get some
crystals and just almost intuitively
feel like they just need a good
cleansing and you don't need them right
away do this um and let them sit for 7
Days in a sea salt water bath um another
thing that you can do and I I do this um
frequently pretty much with every
crystal that I get is this is a Roc cro
site um I have this um bowl of sea salt
um that I use and I replenish it
frequently and I just put the crystals
right in the bowl just like that and I
just let them sit in the bowl for
usually 24 hours I just let them sit in
here and this can be particularly good
for crystals that cannot be soaked in
water and you want to check the mo m o s
the mo hardness of crystals um most of
the crystal books have that because if
the Mose hardness is under six you do
not want to soak them in water um now
most tumbled stones are going to be fine
uh tumbled are the polished um round
Stones um but you're just going to want
to check that and if they can't go in
water you can just set them on a bed of
sea salt um so that is a good way to
cleanse crystals and then uh after 24
hours I just remove them and I run them
under running water um but that is also
another way to clean crystals is to just
run them
underwater um another way um oh uh when
you're done cleaning them sorry um
you're going to want to dry them
naturally um dry them in the Sun or in a
sunny
window and I'm actually in the process
of drying um some black turmine right
now and they are camped out next to some
of my uh gem Elixir which are Brewing
and uh some of my favorite Crystal
family
members um but another way that you can
actually cleanse a crystal um some
believe that you can just put them in a
clear
quartz and set a crystal right on top of
a clear
quartz and it'll cleanse them so that is
another
way another way that you can cleanse is
through sound
through a Tibetan singing bowl um
through a crystal bowl or
tingshas you can do that it has very
healing um energy and it will it will
reset and recalibrate the energy of the
Crystal and that's really the point of
cleansing crystals um because if they
have been mishandled or had a difficult
transport or just something has happened
um to you know throw off their their
energy a little bit cleansing them is
always good um now
scientifically It is believed that
really crystals energy cannot become
negative it can't change because they
have a set dominant oscill rate which
means they don't change we change but
they don't
change but it's always good to clean
them initially and get get them retuned
now if you have a crystal kind of like
the black termine um a big Crystal or a
crystal that is just very fragile um you
know this is a beautiful steel bite that
I got in Connecticut that I love um but
it's very fragile it's got a lot of
pockets a lot of striations this you do
not soak in water I would not even rinse
this in
water but I would certainly set it right
on top of the salt dish and that's what
I did um when I brought it home I
cleansed it for 24 hours and I brushed
It Off
and then it was as good as new um so
those are some ways that you can cleanse
a crystal now once they're cleansed
they're dyed you're going to want to
activate them there are a couple of ways
that you can activate um you can put
them um Outdoors or on a window sill
when the full moon is shining in um but
that only comes once a month so um if
you want to use them before then what I
like to do is just simply take the
crystal hold it I give it a little
squeeze and then I I activate it by um
stating an intention and it usually what
I say is um I activate this Crystal for
its highest good and highest healing um
to work according to its highest natural
vibration that's it and then they're
ready to work so I hope this was helpful
um um so if you go out and buy crystals
most certainly cleanse them and activate
them um you don't necessarily have to
cleanse and reactivate crystals every
time you use them um if a crystal is
being used a lot you know such as a
black termine in front of a computer and
it's just constantly soaking up those
negative um vibrations then you might
you might want to cleanse it and retune
it once a month um but you know if
you're using the crystals on yourself or
with others they don't really have to be
cleansed as much as people think they
don't have to be cleansed in between
each setting um because they do have a
fixed vibration I mean they they are
fixed so um but a cleansing once a month
is just a good idea um to do that um and
certainly after each client I just give
them a quick run through the water and
then I I feel very good about that so
anyway that's just a little a little
tutorial on how to cleanse and activate
crystals once you get them