hi it's Cheryl here today with juicing
gardner.com and I'm so glad you're here
we're going to talk about cherry
tomatoes today I am absolutely in love
with them and this is the first time
I've ever grown them in my life and I
just wanted to show you some of them and
show you how they grow and how and talk
about how to pick
them so look how they start they get the
red ones happen at the very beginning of
the
cluster then they're orange then they're
they're yellow and then they're
green isn't that beautiful look at that
cluster just
perfection hope you can still see that I
have it in close-up mode here here's
another cluster down here that's a
double
cluster the red ones they start ripest
at the vine because they get the
nutrients
first and then they're green at the
ends here's another little be
Beauty I just love how they grow all
uniformly like that and every different
type of tomato has a little bit
different style the different cherries I
have a lot of different types here here
they are all
green and you can see it's a completely
different type of Branch than the other
one but they definitely will ripen the
same pattern with the red ones will come
out here first let's jump over here to
my other side this one was so heavy with
tomatoes oh I'm in closeup view sorry
about that new camera um that the whole
Branch fell over yesterday um and it
didn't snap luckily I I it's still
growing that those are getting close to
being ready to
pick and look at
that beautiful view there and here's
some more these are some of our absolute
favorites I don't know the name of them
we got them at the health food store
last year and they were just Divine
sweet sweeter than any Cherry I've ever
tasted did and so I saved the seeds not
knowing anything about how to save seeds
I just dried them on a paper towel and
they saved and then they grew this year
I've got about five or six plants of
this one that we love so much and then
let's see a couple more over here and
then we'll pick
some here's another double Bunch you can
see the stem came off here and we got a
bunch coming off here and a bunch coming
off here now the way you know how to
pick them you know you think it would be
obvious but like sometimes you'll have
one like they're all red well which are
they ready cuz I've picked quite a few
and then they were kind of not ready yet
they looked red and they looked ready
but they were still a little tough so I
um either I left them on the vine too
long or I took them off too soon so what
I've learned is let's go down to this
one
here um it's you usually it is the
closest one to the
stem but they fall off in your hand this
is how you know they're ready like
see this is not falling off in my hand
even though it looks ready it's not
let's try this
one it's not ready either okay here's
one yep fell off right just like that
and then you'll see I have one over here
that's actually split open and I know
that'll fall right off in my hand
because it's ready right and this one
back
here easy so they have a completely
different feeling when let me put them
down here when they're ready to go see
if I can see another one that's really
ready I
think oh let's go back over to the other
one actually no I've I picked I have
like a whole big basket of them in my
kitchen that were I just picked the
other day that were all ready I bet this
one's
ready see just twisting it like that it
just tells I could pick them and they
would taste fine probably but you know
they're just like sugary sweet perfect I
bet this one is yep just fell right off
when they fall off in your hand like
that so anyway I just thought i' share a
little tip with you a couple tips on how
to uh know when to pick your cherries
and hey drop down in the comments
section or if you're on my blog write a
comment below and let me know what your
favorite cherry tomatoes are because I'm
so obsessed with cherry tomatoes right
now I'm going to sit out here and I'm
going to eat these actually that one's
so split I'll save that for the
bunnies but I'm going to eat this one
right
now and let me know oh my gosh they're
so good I mean I have never tasted one
that good in a
store it sure makes growing your
Tomatoes worth it to taste this kind of
true taste so anyway what are your
favorite cherry tomatoes and tell me why
like to me okay sorry I'm eating I
should have waited but I couldn't um
sweetness and depth of
flavor is the most important and also
tenderness some of them are really tough
like I had some pears on one of my other
pear Tomatoes grape tomatoes and they
were kind of tough and mushy I don't
like mushy tomatoes so if you have some
cherry tomatoes that are awesome drop
down there and tell us all so we can go
buy them and I also only use organic or
heirloom none of the
synthetic pesticide hybrid stuff we want
the real deal so let us know the name of
your um um seeds and if you happen to
know the store that you buy them in if
you get them online at one of the
organic seed companies let us know and
um really appreciate it thanks so much
for joining me today and if you like
this video uh sure help us out if you
give me a thumbs up and uh subscribe to
the channel so we can see you every time
we do a video and I'd love to hear back
from you appreciate your feedback a lot
take care bye