yeah whose palm if you guys are doing
this content don't forget to like this
content here also click on the Bell
you're part of notifications
again guys if you guys have more than
one channel subscribe to my channel I
want you guys to unsubscribe only want
that one peer subscriber one peer
subscriber alright I want dedicate this
week to the basics I never knew there
are so many basics after I dropped a
mozzarella stick episode so tell me guys
what are some basic meals you guys enjoy
I know one thing you guys enjoy garlic
toast or garlic knots let me show you
how to make it we're gonna first start
off with the dough guy so I got one and
a half cup of warm milk going in 3 tbsp
of warm butter or melted butter going in
through this warm bath I got one
tablespoon of dry yeast you feed this at
the dry yeast guys I will have to say
sugar now because not even sure if
people are trolling or not but there are
people emailing me about creatine add it
into your dough but this is just sugar
guys this is just sugar and my creatine
monohydrate container all right sugar
guys sugar now we're gonna let this you
set you have been activated I'm gonna
crack in one egg and I'm gonna go in
with two and a half cups of flour into
it take your beautiful clean hand and
get into it guys all we're looking for
come on we all know this it's a nice
soft dough always look for a nice soft
dough when you're making garlic knots
and mix and me until smooth like this
and we're gonna proof this for one hour
nice cover
you can't have big garlic knots without
good garlic butter so I got one big
heaping scoop of butter going in so I
got the butter to melt I got one whole
cloves of garlic going in we're gonna do
a pinch of salt a pinch of pepper I'm
gonna bust out these shears here guys
best thing ever and just choppin some
fresh parsley
two tbsp of it there it is guys your
easy garlic butter butter for your
garlic nuts
next you can't have garlic knots without
good marinara sauce so I got one can of
chopped tomatoes here this I want 2 tbsp
of tomato paste half a teaspoon of sugar
a pinch of salt oregano and basil guys
let this sit for 40 minutes next guys I
can't see myself eating garlic knots
without a cheese dip so I got 2 tbsp of
Barta going in once I got that butter
nice and melted 2 tbsp of flour I'm
gonna cook this flour in with the butter
so I got that nice and cooked I'm gonna
go in with 1 cup of heavy whipping cream
and 1 cup of chicken stock I'm gonna
beat this on a medium high until
thickened once I got my sauce nice and
thickened I'm turn off the heat make
sure you guys turn off the heat before
you guys do this and I'm gonna grow in
two cups of cheddar cheese mix that in
make sure your heat is off those mix
that in until smooth lastly take a spoon
get into it guys taste it mmm that's
perfect it's perfect just because of the
chicken broth so if you guys like more
salty and more salt to your taste and
like a 1-hour kufi I'm just gonna throw
some flour on the counter take your
handy dandy Dole scoop router I'm gonna
gently scoop this out very gently just
like that so this is the part where
haters aren't made guys so all we're
gonna do watch closely guys
karate chop this into eight haters still
today guys are wondering if this is fing
or not all right I'm gonna take all
these pieces out you take one piece no
I'm gonna cry chop this again see that
okay I'm gonna take one piece and we're
just gonna roll it out guys we're gonna
roll this out into a nice cigar once you
got this rolled out into a nice cigar
guys are we gonna do it's pretty much
make a pretzel make a pretzel or
fold over and then fold another knot
just like that
this is your garlic knot and the cue hey
that's me cues mm-hmm so again guys roll
this out to a cigar or a snake usin
rolled out fold it tuck it under Byam
just like that
you made a Q Q for Q garlic knots
dang guys don't blink we're gonna cross
it over then we gonna take one end I'm
gonna tuck it under pop it up just like
that once you got your dough nice and
knotted 30 to 40 minutes guys for
additional proof 30 to 40 minutes
proofing time guys all we're gonna do
set our oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit
you're gonna wait as wait for our oven
to preheat guys I'm just gonna do a
light coating of our garlic butter in
there I'm gonna try to not put any
parsley on there just because I feel
like it's gonna burn one beat 100
degrees time for the best part guys I
cannot wait dig my teeth into this so in
for 10 to 15 minutes 15 minutes up pop
them out guys what we're gonna do take
our beautiful garlic butter and hurt
brush it off I'm gonna brush plenty on
[Music]
googling right now plate nothing to it
guys look at the bottom I forgot to
mention that eyes I did brush the pan
with a little olive oil before throwing
these bad boys in that's why I got this
nice bottom crosshair
guys you can even know what love is
this right here is love
[Music]
rush this with a little more flutter you
got a love butter the bun is already
buttery already but more butter it's
good
lastly moment sign please
cheese dandruff
[Music]
your tomato sauce cheese sauce there it
is your basic garlic knots with homemade
cheese sauce in marinara when you guys
coming by shout out to the basics pump
guys just because this is fresh bread
right into the oven so let's do this one
guys without the sauce first quick time
yes go ahead
nice I'm Paul look at the back guys
you know I'll stop talking mmm this is
why I look for a nice soft dough the
most beautifulest thing ever
with the crusty back to
you can't go wrong try this recipe out
again to you these are the best garlic
knots you guys will ever had mmm
so soft that cheese sauce or whole meat
cheese sauce take the first bite of this
quick time a hundred times better this
is very buttery ready just because I
didn't make a brioche bun or type deal
dough so by itself it's very rich and
buttery look with the added butter and
this whole new level mm-hmm man your top
you know this place is gonna be good
quick time yes yes so home
out of this world back in high school
mmm the cafeteria always the cafeteria
always made for not garlic knots like
garlic breadsticks mm-hmm and I was so
jealous
every time kids will buy it and bring it
to class the whole room will just light
up with garlic for the garlic bread
smell now so jealous because I'm so shy
just go down there just to buy some
mm-hmm or just very shy to bring it up
and eat in class Wow
so simple okay shout the basics the
basics
just so simple and good I just love that
crispy crunchy or not crispy crunch like
crunch bottom you guys know what love is
I don't think you guys know what love is
this my friend is love you're looking at
it
you're just looking at it right now mmm
Braddock kidneys up nothing beats fresh
bread and so do you agree kitty nothing
beats fresh bread how's your ham out in
that little black that's good what are
you choking on now kitty hey hey you
good you good you know how Brad as I was
saying nothing beats fresh bread hmm
I think this all day is just so perfect
[Music]
it's just so perfect
there was a restaurant that served this
mmm I would just go for the breadsticks
or the bed rolls of the bread I thought
whether it was called brand nuts garlic
cause I just want to show you that it's
like look at it so soft
mmm best thing never thank oh my I ain't
gon lie
these are very hard to put down
be aware guys if you guys make this be
aware these are very hard to put down
very hard life such a beautiful thing
don't you think hope you guys enjoy this
one don't forget to subscribe you
haven't also don't forget to pick a one
your shirt like to share this