welcome back to HD Beauty educational
video series channel of the over 4,000
species of aphid named to exist
around 250 of those are considered
harmful to crops also known as green
flies or plant lice aphids are among the
most prominent and successful garden
pests worldwide if it's also frequently
carry viruses which infect a host plant
as the insect feeds in this video we
will learn about home remedies for
aphids organic methods that really work
natural repellents aphids dislike the
organic compounds which give onions and
garlic their signature aroma grow these
and other ileum surround your garden to
discourage aphids from taking out
presidents their neem oil used in much
the same way as dish soap organic and
pure neem oil may be diluted in water
and sprayed onto plants infested with
aphids the organic chemicals present in
neem oil act as a repellent against not
only aphids but also a wide array of
other garden pests including mealy bugs
cabbage worms beetles leaf menace ants
and caterpillars neem oil is also
effective in controlling the spread of
many types of fungus that infect plants
among a number of other things
essential oils create a cocktail of
equal parts time peppermint clove and
rosemary oils four or five drops of each
should suffice mix the solution into a
small spray bottle filled with water
shake well and apply to infested plants
this potent mix of essential oils will
kill most garden insect pests as well as
their eggs in Lavi insecticidal soap
there are many pre-mixed all-natural
insecticidal soaps treatments available
for garden pest control always remember
to read and follow the instructions
provided with these products to avoid
inadvertently harming any beneficial
species of insect that may be present in
your garden I hope these tips can help
you do you know in
other effective remedies which for you
please share with us don't forget to
subscribe my youtube channel if you want
to see more videos
[Music]