we're going to demonstrate how to fit a
wrist and thumb brace similarly to
standard wrist brace this has a parma
bar made of aluminium which can be
shaped to suit the patient it can be
been very easily and the same applies
for the bar that runs up inside here for
the thumb if you have somebody with a
very pronounced wrist thumb joint here
you can bend the bar to fit there when
you apply the brace undo all the straps
including the one that goes around the
thumb what you need to do is to place
the patient's hand onto the brace and
slide the brace over the thumb you can
apply straps
firmly but not too tight it's checking
that you have space and the Palmer
crease for the hand to flex and then
finally applying this flat Rand the
thumb this stops movement at the thumb
and also at the wrist so feel
comfortable