hi star Nell with Waylon recipes today
I'm gonna be trying a frozen chicken pot
pie in the new wave up so let's get
started all right so I've got one frozen
chicken pot pie I'm gonna open it up
just gonna slide I put foil on this four
inch rack
I'll be using 350 degrees and our high
power for my Cook setting the first step
of this I'm just going to get the top
browned so I'm just gonna put the lid on
and I'm gonna do about five minutes cook
time five and I'll bring you back in
five minutes for our next step in this
well write our first five minutes is up
let's have a look alright that top looks
nicely browned exactly where we want it
now I'm going to take some more foil
totally cover the top really good so now
let's try a cook time little about let's
try 25 more minutes and see how things
turn out after 25 minutes of cook time
25 start I'll bring you back in about 25
minutes and we'll see what's going on in
there all right the 25 minutes is up
30 minutes total so I'm sticking me no I
think I hit some resistance there and
thinking it's still kind of cold in
there it's only 62 degrees after 30
minutes and that's on our high rack so
I'll pull our lid back on to protect it
just give it about 20 minutes so we'll
stay cooked 20 minutes start we'll check
back again in another 20 minutes all
right so that 20 minutes is done we've
been going for about 50 minutes total so
taking the lid off here
I'd carefully remove the foil do another
temperature test
it looks like it's settling in at 126
that's longer then would take in a
conventional oven at this point so we're
going to cut this video call it a fail
today going for attempt number two of
that frozen chicken potpie
I'm gonna be trying to cook up the
frozen chicken pot pie in a new wave
oven here we go okay so I've got my
frozen chicken pot pie and my new wave
oven on the four inch rack here and I'm
gonna try something a little different
this time
you folks who have air fryers instead
this is the new wave oven you can give
one of these methods are so gonna trying
your air fryer let me know how it turns
out for you air france's but last time I
tried faced up and cook this for like 55
minutes or so I didn't I mention I
finished that one up in the microwave so
this time I'm trying something
unconventional covering with foil to
start face down like that
got a covering will be using high-power
350 degrees and gonna cook at a cook
time 20 minutes start then wait that out
about 20 minutes and then bring you back
for next steps
all right at the 20 minutes is up just
gonna remove the lid carefully flip it
over and we're so carefully nothing
stripped out or fell off of it
keep them little top on there and going
to cook for 30 minutes still using the
same high-power 350 degrees start kind
of let it go for 30 minutes now with the
right side up and the full on still and
bring you back 30 minutes okay so that
30 minutes is up so we've had 50 minutes
hobo 20 upside down 30 right side up and
I'm gonna take the
for allah you see so looking little cook
I just want to get that top fully
browned over there they some not really
well brown so just gonna put the lid on
gonna do a cook time of about three
minutes start bring you back in just a
few minutes see if that top looks nice
and gold and brown all over alright
three minutes is up so now we've done 53
minutes total cook time we've got
ourselves a nice golden brown top I'm
going to do a test here with the meat
pearl temperature probe from food here
and our temperature is at 189 190 so
this method works this is the method you
have to use to cook a frozen chicken pot
pie in the new wave oven
you cannot simply put it in right side
up and try and cook it for a period of
time it will simply just not work you
won't get there you have to flip it over
cook it for 20 minutes upside down let
some foil on top and flip it right side
up leave the foil on 30 minutes cook it
and then take the foil off and then just
maybe three minutes to top around that
top it's 53 minutes total but you have
to keep in mind that although this is
about as long as a conventional oven and
so you say well I used a new way well
I'm glad you asked because you're
definitely going to save a lot on your
energy bill the new way going uses far
less energy also you don't have to worry
about preheating with the new way of
loving so you're basically saving money
if you like saving money and you know
use a new way livin if you like making
your whole kitchen hot and spending more
money you know conventional oven is your
option so gonna give this some time to
cool down and then do a taste test
all right here's our formerly frozen
chicken potpie on what fall as I kind of
give you a view of it tilting it a
little so just going to knock that crust
up a little bit show you inside some you
can see it's nicely done and still
smoking some so hopefully not to burn
myself here it's still pretty hot I
don't know if you can see that smoke
still steaming off of that thing
I'm just going to do the taste test here
it's perfect perfect totally perfect
well done
chicken pot pie I know some of you might
say well you can use a microwave well
sure you could and sometimes you know
you might not have a microwave at your
disposal or you know sometimes some of
us prefer that flavor that comes from
cooking in an oven it just gives a
different type of flavor or texture to
the food so either way this is how you
do it in a new wave oven it works just
some special adjustments so I really do
hope you like this video if you'd like
you can support this channel a patreon
at patreon.com slash the grill be sure
to visit the website at super wave oven
recipes com there'll be a link to the
full instructions below this video and
also if you like this video you can give
it a thumbs up share the video with your
friends subscribe to the channel you can
also reach me on twitter at wave oven
recipes and good eating