[Music]
my dog is like what's going on he's like
why is she talking to myself
in today's video I'm going through my
closet and cleaning it out organizing it
I'll bring you with me and show you the
whole experience welcome to my closet
pretty much I'm going to go through all
of these clothes
I'm excited let's go feel like I'm
drifting we have a vest I'm gonna keep
do I were you I might keep in those ones
I have this pair of black jeans
I don't wear these a ton but I think I
should keep black jeans these are the
ones I di wide with the fray thing if
you want to see my tutorial I'll have it
linked below okay I think these will
have to go these are some fashion Nova
grade jeans they're really cute but they
shrunk in the wash these are leggings
literally why are they I have a lot of
pants but I do actually wear them all so
I think it's okay on t-shirts okay I
don't know about this one because I'm
not big into cardigans like I really
barely ever wear it but I feel like a
cardigan is just like a thing I should
have I'll keep it I'll keep it oh no
this sweater cannot stay in a hanger to
save its life but it is really cute it's
from booboo fav sweater I have this gray
t-shirt that I literally never wear
adios
[Music]
okay I've had this and I think it's such
a cool top but how many times have I
worn it maybe one I'm gonna let go
learning to let go
you can ghost through everything and
gets rid of none
yikes okay I literally got this off of
wish for a video I was gonna do like
test English clothes but never filmed it
but honestly I like the shirt a lot do I
wear my favorite shirt of all time this
Urban Outfitters I don't know what you'd
call it and out from under thermal top I
guess really come so many hangers I love
this shirt I got this from forever 21
the only thing it's super cropped so I
feel like I can only wear it to like the
beach but it's really cute I like it
literally like most of my clothes are
thrifted it's what I'm not realizing
okay do I wear this Oh me do I wear this
also me it has a tag I feel like I feel
like that means I don't wear it right
going good going well I mean this is
literally inside out I'm so confused
okay back on the thing I can't roll my
arse okay I really like champion but
this shirt is just what size is that
it's an XL so it's so huge on me I have
a lot of jackets so I should definitely
try to get rid of some okay we have Nike
Puma I feel myself failing to get rid of
any what do I get rid of Brian's really
out here messing everything up making my
jacket
[Music]
we Wilding out here are we really wild
in knocking jackets it's been fine on
this hanger for months you come in here
and now look at this problem problem is
I need one with ridges the little nooks
in here
yeah I recently did get rid of a jacket
so I think I'll keep all of these for
now these are skirts and dresses I love
this so much this is my overall dress
thing this is from hmm deaf would
recommend I don't have a lot of dresses
so might not get rid of my graduation
dress I think I'll keep it just because
it's like simple and white some overalls
okay honestly this is just like a plain
grey dress from forever 21 but do I wear
it no tbh guess I'll let her go
this is just a plain black one but I
think it's good to keep a black dress I
don't know is that true it's like a good
hanger
okay honestly they shouldn't be hanging
but this is my DIY a checkerboard
sweatshirt but they should go in my
sweatshirt then so we'll put it there
this is honestly over moving on back
here I have my graduation cord my prom
dress obviously need to keep this right
homecoming dresses obviously need to
keep those two down here is my
graduation gown that somehow ended up on
the floor a graduate mister graduate
over here why does it actually kind of
fit you you're like actually The
Incredibles know the comic comment down
below if you looks like he'd be in The
Incredibles incrediboy right here
[Music]
done with the closet that was our thing
next we're moving on to shorts in here
I love Levi's but I have these three
pairs that when I cut them into shorts
they kind of fit me weird so I'm gonna
get rid of these so sad because I love
Levi's but honestly go through a thing
you'll find so many so that's it for the
video if you liked it be sure to give it
a like follow me on social media also
follow me on the app dote my name is
just Emily wasps I'm doing a giveaway
over there so make sure you are
following if you want to win some
clothes as always have a great day and
I'll see you next time bye
[Music]
I might even be
you