hey guys it's Nicole ventures back again
and if you want to know how I laminated
these lovely activity cards using
packing tape stay tuned
hey guys so recently I found this
awesome printable that I'm going to link
below about singular and plural
these are singular and plural words here
for my five-year-old and I guess you can
say they're like irregular words that
don't fit into your regular rules for
your singularity in your plurals because
normally you know there's some things
that are like hat hats that's basic but
words like life the plurals lives with
the V not an F loaf it's not just loafs
its loaves and people it's not you know
people's it's a per you know I mean it's
person it's not persons it's people so I
found these and I was like this is
amazing so I put them up I put them on
cardstock so the gray that you see on
the back is cardstock just to make them
a lot more durable because I know I'm
going to be using these for years to
come and my next step is that ninety to
laminate them I really didn't want to
take a trip I go to lakeshore learning
to laminate most of my you know learning
activities and things for the classroom
but I recently discovered a way to
laminate especially little things like
this with packing tape so let me show
you how is your packing tape this is
just some one dollar packing tape 50
yards Duck brand packing tape you can
use scotch that's definitely a better
quality but this was a dollar so I got
three rolls of this it's gonna last me a
long time some good scissors you know
some some good scissors because
sometimes it can get annoying trying to
cut through this tape with some you know
basic not so awesome scissors so what I
did was I spread out two strips of the
packing tape long enough to pack to
cover I don't know about
six of these if I lay them out so that's
what I did first step I did two rows of
the packing tape and I layered it on top
of each other so that it would stick to
one another thing I did is I just laid
the cards facedown on top of my double
arm strip of packing tape and just press
it down really good just to make sure
that it is secured to the tape on that
side so pretty much you're going to want
to repeat this for the other side oh I
did the other side I pretty much just
rolled out took this rolled out one
strip on top then rolled out another
strip on the bottom and that fully
covers it so here you have is your whole
strip of laminated cards I'm doing six
at a time because I just you know feel
like it's not it's faster pretty much
it's faster and that it's enough that I
can knock this project out a lot quicker
if I do six at a time so actually pretty
much you're done you're just going to
cut these out and and and there you go
let me just show you the finished
product when you just cut all around
finished product here are the ones that
I've done so far and here are the ones
that I still have left to do it really
doesn't take very long I mean you can
sit in front of your TV and do this it's
not you know anything crazy one thing I
wanted to point out is you see these
lines this usually happens like when I'm
rushing and I'm not taking my time to
smooth the tape out properly
but um you know you get really clean
smooth ones sometimes you get some with
some bubbles but it's the same concept
that when you actually laminate you do
have some bubbles sometimes some ripples
as well and I always recommend to
reinforce whatever you're laminating
with card stock or construction paper on
the back take the time to do that
because it'll really make it last longer
so that's it that's how I laminate with
nothing but packing tape
let me know how yours turned out if you
try it alright guys see you next time
bye