hey guys how you doing Dave um coke and
cheer here today we're doing up a soup
recipe and it's simple soothing
comforting and very oriental you're
gonna love it
it's egg drop soup so let's get going so
we're going to kick things off here by
adding 4 cups of chicken stock to a
medium size pot you can use homemade
stock or that you can bullion cubes it's
entirely up to you followed by 2
tablespoons of soy sauce a thumb-sized
grated ginger and this really adds a
nice touch a cup of mixed veggies now
this is entirely optional you can leave
it out but it adds a really nice touch
and need to want some veggies in there
of course some ground black pepper and
last but not least a few drops of sesame
oil which is optional as well all right
what we're gonna do now is pop the top
on and simply bring it to a boil by the
way if you haven't already subscribed
click that subscribe button because
you'll never miss a video
now our soup is boiling nicely we're
going to add in 2 tablespoons of
cornstarch diluted in 2 tablespoons of
water
we're going to give this a stir until
the mixture slightly thickens and this
should take oh I'd say three to four
minutes after that we're going to add in
the star of the show which is two beaten
eggs pour the egg in and stir
continuously until you kind of get a
ribbon stirring effect and this should
take about a couple of minutes
okay now our soup is done we're going to
go ahead and ladle it into a bowl
garnish it up with some green onions and
there you have it our egg drop soup Wow
guys this is so good I love the ginger
sesame oil all the Asian touches you
just have to try this for this recipe
and many more simple recipes head on
over to cook and share calm don't forget
to give us that thumbs up and most of
all subscribe thanks for watching and
catch you next time