[Music]
it is day four of DIY December and I am
going to be showing you how to make one
of my favorite oatmeal recipes today now
I've never hated oatmeal but I've also
never really loved it I've always just
been kind of like me about it and I
really wanted to incorporate it into my
diet because I knew it was good for me
and the weather's been getting cooler
and it's just a nice cozy breakfast so I
wanted to spice up oatmeal and make it
more fun and a little bit more
interesting so I came up with this
recipe and I've been loving it I think
it's the perfect oatmeal for this time
of the year and it just makes you feel
all like snugly and warm so this is
going to be an apple crisp oatmeal
recipe and it has this like crumbly
cinnamony top and it's so so good so if
you have a little bit of extra time in
the morning you should definitely try
this out this is great for the weekend
for a quicker breakfast during the week
you may want to make the crumble ahead
of time or use like quick cooking oats
but other than that it's a really easy
recipe and it tastes awesome so yeah
let's go ahead and get into it the first
thing you're going to want to do is take
a cup of water and mix it with a cup of
milk and and I'm using almond milk here
because I find that the mixture of milk
and water makes the oatmeal creamier
then you just got to pour that mixture
into a saucepan and turn up the heat to
around medium just until it comes to a
simmer when it's all heated up it's time
for the oatmeal so I'm going to be using
half a cup and this is enough for two
servings cuz I'm making two servings if
you want one serving then just half this
entire recipe so I'm mixing it in until
it's all Blended together lowering the
Heat and letting it simmer for about 30
minutes meanwhile I can cut my Apple up
and I just like going around the core so
I can get all of the apple and then what
is left is like this cube of core in the
middle and then I can come in and cut up
the Apple into bite-sized pieces so
you're not eating like huge chunks of
[Music]
Apple
once the apple is all cut up then I just
add that into the simmering oatmeal and
you want this to cook for as long as
possible cuz you really want those
apples to soften up for the crumble
topping I'm taking half a cup of flour
and this makes four to five servings of
this crumble by the way just so you know
and 1/4 cup of brown sugar and I'm
putting all of this into a food
processor along with 4 tbspoon of butter
and about half a teaspoon of cinnamon
then you can just mix everything
together and you can see once you're
mixing it all up that it creates this
like crumble topping and it is so so
good now going back over to the oatmeal
I like to add a mashed banana into my
oatmeal so I just break up an entire
banana and again this is for two
servings so for one serving I just use
half a banana and I just mash it into
the oatmeal while it's still cooking
with the apples and this just adds a
really nice flavor and texture to the
oatmeal I feel like it makes it creamier
and a little bit sweeter too once the
oatmeal is all cooked the apples are
softened and the banana is mashed in
then you can serve it up into some bowls
so I'm just giving myself a nice heaping
portion here and then sprinkling on the
crumble topping and you can put as much
or as little as you'd like and if you
have any leftovers which you probably
will if you're making this big serving
then just pop it into an oven that's
been preheated to to 350Â° for about 20
minutes and my microwave doubles as a
convection oven in case you're wondering
if you try putting this in a regular
microwave you're not going to get the
same results so don't do it when you
take it out of the oven it's going to
smell amazing and the golden crumbly
topping just makes everything that much
better so I serve this with a glass of
milk and some apple slices on top and
that is pretty much it as you guys can
see this is is a super easy recipe and
if you have a little bit of extra time
in the morning it's totally worth making
when you dig into this you will know
[Music]
why so that is it for my oatmeal recipe
and I really hope you guys enjoyed it
and as always be sure to tweet or
Instagram your photos if you try this
out yourself and use the hash DIY
December so I can find them and like
your photos and retweet them I have
seriously been loving your little
snowflake containers and all of the
photos of your s'mores hot chocolates
you guys were like on it with the
s'mores hot chocolate I could not
believe how fast you guys were I got
photos like within the hour of posting
the video like within the first 30
minutes I was like wo you guys are
impressive I seriously love seeing your
photos so please send them in because
they like make my day and make me super
happy but yeah that is going to be it
for today and I will see you tomorrow
bye