we doing spoiler do you want to do slow
once you get all the flavor that is
basically your stalk yeah late and the
smell right now it's gonna pour your
stop into your pot ready to use this
block of olive oil and the onions
your leeks
good stuff you just want to sweat these
down before you had an that ice pretty
good handfuls a race as about 150 grams
if you want to trick people around this
is for you to the race three to five
minutes business is really Minister is
this a speedy release all stops and
makes it to me one this Wayne to have
output it completely before you going
what's your cost long stop this is just
the very basic this I mean if not in
yeah like taim if you want you know
garlic if you wish this is my basic
look as Oliver going one ladle of your
stock and again spin you can see already
got a ladle full of stock and almost on
ready for them you can see there there's
no cream in there get the fish back in
instead of round of you go there's
parsley some black pepper