[Music]
have my skillet and a busan onion a oil
and i saute the onions for approximately
five minutes as you see as you see the
oil was a little bit too high so you
wanna put it a medium high not high so
after five minutes I'm gonna remove the
onion out of the oil
okay now I'm gonna sit on in the liver I
just gonna add salt on both sides on
each and single one make sure you put
salt and then in the other side and also
I'm gonna put some black pepper and some
garlic powder so in here I had my oil if
you see I cooked the onions in there but
if you see that oil looks like it's a
little bit too high so this is a good
point I want you to take in
consideration the oil can be too hot
that's what dad let me stay I made and I
had to confess that so make sure your
oil is make sure the oil is not too hot
it's not this taste when it comes out
dry and hard so and you gotta cook this
for approximately five minutes or until
you don't see no blood so you just gonna
cut it in one side and then I'm gonna
flip that over and I'm gonna cook at any
other side but the key is the oil can be
too high and you can leave it too long
so I'm gonna continue putting the other
pieces in there and then I'm gonna leave
it for I'm gonna say five to seven
minutes
that's the pan of the size of the states
of the liver okay so now what we've done
over this this liver is easy to cook I
said just for the state to take the the
onions of the flavor and then you can
start that with mashed potatoes you can
serve it with white rice
I really serve mine with white rice you
should I want to be sick when my
Christmas tree so I just put some white
rice and this is very easy to make so I
decided to make some
liver and then we should do it you put
that that onion on top and like I say
you serve it with mashed potatoes we
baked potatoes we rise
oh wait a salad on this price okay this
is the final result of the beef liver
I'm gonna give you a taste and I'm gonna
serve my liver with white rice and like
I said before you can serve that with
some mashed potato so I hope you guys
like this video remember if you like it
please thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe to my channel for more videos
and share with your family and friends
so now I'm going to serve and I'm gonna
eat so enjoy and give the wrist recipe a
trial