the leaves on my Norfolk Island pine are
starting to turn brown into becoming
brittle what do I need to do to solve
this problem we're really that's quite
common if you have an area that has low
humidity you need to really have a
humidity level around 50% to really keep
this nice rich deep green color on the
needles you also want to put this plant
in a bright location a bright window
during the winter months and maybe even
put it outdoors in a moderately bright
area on a deck or outdoors in the bright
shade during the summer months this
plant should be watered from wet to dry
so water it very well let it dry out
water it well again now keep in mind
this plant may grow 7 8 9 feet in doors
and in a tropics that can grow to 200
feet tall send her email me your
gardening question to this station I'll
try to answer it next time
Viet gardening tips brought to you by
health of oaken sofas