I searched for a video that would show
me how to snake a toilet I really didn't
know how to do it I had the snake but I
didn't know how to do it so many videos
assume too much so especially for you
ladies out there who wonder how to do it
I finally figured it out so I decided to
make my own video for you so here we
go the hardest thing about using this
snake is that you have to get it I'm
trying to get a good shot of the under
part of the toilet cuz my toilet
actually shows the anatomy so to speak
you have to get the T the snake to go
down here all the way up and all the way
down and the length of the snake will
let you do that so this is actually the
good toilet that's working but I could
get a better shot to show you where
you're going to move the snake and now
I'm going to show you how I figured out
how to get the snake take to work cuz
it's it's not easy I will admit
it I don't like these low flesh toilets
but now I found out how to use the snake
and because so many times the plunger
just doesn't work so when you start out
when I hang this on a hook in my
garage I've
um let me show you how I usually hang it
it's typically all the way open so the
thing is you want to pull the snake back
so that this coil piece is the only part
showing this plastic part protects the
porcelain of the toilet from getting
scratched by the metal so the first
thing you you want to do is pull it back
and then set it inside the bottom of the
toilet so you've got this plastic part
protecting the bottom of the toilet
toilet so now the hardest part is
pushing this coil all the way down to
the handle so the handle ends up here on
top of the plastic through that whole
part of the toilet that I showed you um
swirls up and down and around so it
takes some
practice and if you're learning how to
do this for the first time you might
want to practice on a toil toilet that's
working fine just before you have an
emergency especially if you a one B home
or
apartment so
first you want to
push again you can see it even takes me
a little bit of time to get
going but
finally I get it all the way down to
where the handle is at the top the bent
part so that means the snake has gone
all the way through the to toil it as
far as it can go then you want to twist
the handle One
Direction then you can do it the other
direction as much as you
want all right then you don't want to
pull the whole thing out you want to
keep the plastic part in and pull the
handle back and pull the metal snake out
keeping that plastic inside the toilet
to protect the toilet bowl from getting
scratched you pull it all the way
back then take the plastic part
out and
flush sometimes you get success right
away everything's clear now but if it
doesn't clear if you still have a
problem do it a second time do it a
third time again just make sure you have
the pl plastic inside the toilet to
protect the toilet bowl from getting
scratched and then the hardest part is
getting this metal piece the whole metal
snake to snake its way through the
toilet then turn the handle when you get
it all the way down and turn it the
other way keep the plastic card in pull
it back pull it out and
flush so hopefully this this has shown
you an easy way to learn how to snake a
toilet
properly please practice this I wish I
had before I had a problem and really
needed to use it but it really works so
much better than a plunger on the low
flush toilets