hi my name is Helen Martin Roddick's
today i show you how i me go hungarian
gulasch be called circle first and you
have to add a tablespoon olive oil and
two medium onions I put one red one
right I put red pepper one huge tomato
and you have to saute saute this for
five
and now you have to add 2 TSP paprika
and smoked jalapeno is a half teaspoon
I'm a cup or so don't forget bump on the
Courtney and then we see hunger is a
half ago now I edit 1 cup of water sink
you have to put a 1 teaspoon salt mix it
and this have to cook first I maybe 40
45 minute after becoming and jack-high
I'm again so I serve this Hungarian
Goulash in a pircuit today our very own
special noodles so no CAD Li you have to
put 6 cup of water 1 tbsp salt and now I
had 3 cups of flour 1/2 teaspoon salt
and 2 eggs you have to mix it this
so I put half cup of water juice
oh please do so because no cuddling this
is a Hungarian egg noodle I like to show
you how I make my Hungarian egg noodles
so don't forget this is a special maker
I use this for loose
so this cook is five minutes after a
noodles come up so you see this is a
ready so now I show you this is so nice
and beautiful this maker liquid by
almost every European store and very
easy use it primarily with this I'll
show you how I serve it so I put top of
that crash record
really really nice and you have to taste
this
so I serve this way and don't forget you
could serve this with rice or potato
which is your favorite again not Appetit