next up on copycat.com cream of broccoli
[Music]
soup hi everyone this is Stephanie
Manley with copycat.com today I'm going
to show you how to do a simple cream of
broccoli soup it's so easy to make we're
going to go ahead and get started um in
this pot right here I have a couple
tablespoons of butter I'm going to add
about a cup of chopped white onion then
I'm going to add um a half a cup of
chopped celery just going to put this
in and let it
saut√© this is the base of our
soup all right so the next thing we're
going to do is we're going to start to
work on a broccoli um I'm using fresh
broccoli right here so I'm going to show
you what how to go ahead and prep it now
you can use frozen broccoli if you like
it's completely up to you so um with a
fresh broccoli I'm just going to show
you how to prep
it now I went ahead and washed this
already and the first thing I'm going to
do is I'm just going to cut off the
fettes and just kind of give those a
rough
chop and with the stocks I'm going to go
ahead and I'm going to peel these These
are completely usable and this adds a
lot of nutrition in the soup and it
actually adds a lot of flavor it's just
around this part right here it can be a
little Woody so I'm going to take my
vegetable peeler and
carefully
um peel the broccol
stocks and again this gets away gets a
lot of the woodiness out of the
stocks just going to put these off to
the side and we're going to give these a
chop
so our onions have sauteed up quite
nicely right here and I'm going to go
ahead and put my broccoli in
[Music]
here I have a little bit more than um 8
cups of broccoli
[Music]
to this I'm going to add four cups of
chicken stock I'm going to stick a lid
on it and let it simmer for about 20
minutes and while this is going we're
going to go ahead and make the cream
sauce for the
broccoli all right so now it's time to
go ahead and make the cream sauce for
the broccoli this really gives the
broccoli soup a lot of body to it in the
pot I'm going to add 4 tbsp of butter
[Music]
and four tablespoons of flour just as
soon as that butter
[Music]
melts now I'm using a whisk for this I
like to use a whisk um whenever I make a
cream sauce because it makes sure that
all of the flour um gets Blended in
fully so it's a little Annoying It's a
little noisy but it does great job in
making sure that the sauce is made
properly all right 4 tbspoon of flour
just ordinary allpurpose flour we're
going to stir this in and we're going to
let the flour cook for about a minute or
so it's going to get quite
fragrant while it's
cooking you want it to cook for a little
bit because if it doesn't it's going to
taste kind of raw and not taste very
good
um this should almost have a practically
very neutral or no taste to it but it
just adds a really nice thickness to the
to the
soup so I'm going to season this with a
little bit of salt I'm going to put
about a teaspoon of salt in
here we're going to slowly incorporate
the milk just a little bit at a time
we're going to stir it in it'll get
thick and then we'll add some
additional
milk so our broccoli is cooked all the
way through now and I'm just going to
put some in a
blender and we're going to blend it and
puree it a little bit CU we want our
soup to be nice and creamy and smooth
cuz it's cream of
broccoli so we're just going to do a
little bit at a time now when it's hot
you need to make sure that you let it
vent and let some of the steam get out
because if you don't it these can um
explode on you if you
like so we're going to continue to do
this until we work through our whole pot
here and then we'll add this to our
thick soup mixture
so you can come back and see what it
looks like when it's done so now we
finished our broccoli cream of broccoli
soup now if you wanted you could have
added some cheese to this I would
suggest a nice American cheese cuz it
melts really really well not Vita but
American cheese um they're kind of
similar you can get American cheese at
the deli at the store I'm going to go
ahead and taste this it's probably a
little bit undersalted cuz we didn't
salt it very much during the cooking
process but we can definitely take care
of that right
now let's go ahead and give this a try
but before we do be sure to subscribe to
this channel here we release videos
every Sunday and Wednesday and also be
sure to give us a big thumbs up and drop
us a comment of what you'd like to see
next let me go ahead and give this a
try this is a really light and
refreshing soup you can definitely taste
the fresh broccoli in here um and the
chicken base is very nice as well now if
you wanted to make this vegetarian you
could easily swap out the chicken stock
with a vegetable stock it's completely
up to you but I hope you enjoyed this
recipe and give it a try soon thanks for
watching