[Music]
H hwk commonly referred as the African
pikm hhog is an exceptional animal that
is easy to care for and friendly if
properly socialized H Hogs are
classified as insect virus in the wild
spend most of their time searching for
food house your hedgehog in a large
container or a top type Guinea Peak cage
choose a cage with smooth walls that are
high enough to prevent the animals from
climbing out the cage must have an ample
floor space to encourage movement and
prevent opacity in your little friend
keep the cage in a warm room cleaning
the enclosure once a week will help
control unwanted orders and making it a
good pet to the house IND
[Music]
doors the bedding should be non-toxic
absorbent and relatively dust free a
seta or pine shavings as they cause
respiratory problems in Hedgehog
shredded paper works well and it's cost
efficient Hedgehog needs a hide box in
their cage a tissue box or a shoe box
will give your hedgehog a place of
security and a place to sleep hHw
requires exercise to avoid obesity H
hwks love to push chew and manipulate
toys such as hot plastic balls and paper
tow
rolls shs are classified as in insc
virus so they feed on various insects
Nails worms GRS and fruits you can feed
them with suitable cat food and small
amounts of mixed fruits and vegetables
if your Hedgehog becomes overweight
limit the quantity of food and treats
given and increase the exercise level
avoid foods such as nuts avocados onions
raisins chocolate raw meat or egg yolks
always ensure that water is always
available at all times as they require a
lot of
[Music]
it the quills on the Hedgehog are stiff
and sharp to touch the quills provide
protection when the animal rolls up in a
tight ball when attempting to handle
your pet approach it slowly and quietly
avoid the quills by lifting the animal
from underneath Where the Fur is soft
and hold your pet CED with both hands
handle your pet every day for a few
minutes and it will become socialized
and easier to be handled
[Music]