so here's how the installation goes uh
you can see here I have about a 3in deep
trench uh if it's a little too deep
that's no problem you just lift it up at
the end and um I've already cut the um
plastic edging the composite edging to
fit and did a dry fit and one of the
things I knew I was going to like about
this was that you can just cut around
real easily any kind of obstacles you're
run into so say if there's a tree root
or a pipe in this case I had a uh
concrete footer uh as part of a bridge
so I literally just set it down there
made a mark and snipped around it so I
don't have to cut metal Edge in half
with a saw I mean it's usually a a big
production um you can ignore the uh wire
that justst some landscape wire we've
dropped in as well so once I've got it
uh pretty close to fitting if it's a
little too long that's not a problem I
just set it into the trench at that
point just roughly anywhere into the
trench okay get it slide down in
there and then from there and I'll show
you starting from this part right here
is in this instance we've got decomposed
Granite on one side and a bedding air on
the other most people probably going to
you're going to have a bedding a on one
side and grass on the other doesn't
matter it'll work the same but um just
pull just kind of hold the the uh edging
um as straight as possible and push that
one side and push whatever your other
material is probably going to be dirt on
the other side and you're just going to
keep working on those two sides it goes
really quickly um all the way to one end
down to the other you can see I'm just
uh sitting in there anytime with with
the soil in there Loosely if I need to
adjust the straightness of it that's
when I do it just um try to get it as
straight as possible and the end I'm
going to show you how to make it really
really nice and straight cuz that was
the the big complaint was that they
couldn't get all of the the little the
little tiny sway marks out of it and so
forth and that it's actually pretty easy
to do once you know how to do it but uh
you can see I mean it's really it's that
that quick as far as getting it
installed initially and uh so you can to
see I called just a real nice curve okay
right over here is where it goes over
the the uh concrete so I want to adjust
it right there pull some dirt to back it
in over here I push some more Crush
Granite up against it so I have support
on both sides and uh that has it held in
place um the main thing I want to convey
and a big part of the reason this is
already going in
so so smoothly with such a nice curve or
if I wanted to put it in a straight line
it would work the same way you can see
here I mean it's just really a very very
clean line and as I grab another piece
right
here one of the things you got to
understand about Landscaping is nothing
you're working on is ever straight
nothing you're working on is ever level
it may look like it but it's not so in
this instance starting down on this side
it is lower than what this size side is
I can just tell just with a real quick
visual look it looks pretty level to
most you but it it's definitely it's
about 3/4 of inch lower on this side so
if I started with a piece of the edging
down there and I tried to keep it level
running down there well the fact that
the the trench is not level what it's
going to do is as I try to push a level
it's going to want to buckle and when it
buckles what you're going to see is the
end result is going to have little tiny
little bins it looks really really bad
and uh the the way around that is just
as you install it let it follow the
grade and what I mean by that is that if
it's going nice and straight okay you've
got it going in nice and straight and
then you start to see it kind of start
to buckle and you can't get it out of
there just allow it to push push over
just a little bit either right or left
one way or the other that takes it out
of there because you're allowing it just
to essentially follow the lines by
cheating with a little bit of of angle
change that that's really all there is
to it um so really right here it's
actually starting out it's pretty much
straight up and down you can't tell from
looking at it right here it's probably
5° lean that way as it's going then it
gets straight again so I've used that
just little five degree fold just to
kind of adjust for the fact that the
soil changes level from one end to the
other it's the main thing you got to
know once you get it nice and compacted
in that's when you're going to see some
of your little your little bins as I'm
looking down and everything and since
it's flexible you just take and just
kind of work it just real gently compact
your your soil or whatever you're using
on each side of it once you get it lined
up and I'm telling you you can see you
can end up with just what is almost a
perfect line uh so you can see there
that it's ni as straight as it keeps
going where I haven't gotten to it it
starts waving again once I start
compressing both sides of it with with
soil and so forth that'll fix that up
but uh I'll take you just real quick for
uh final review of a few of the areas
we've done so you can see just how well
it works I don't sell this stuff by the
way um so right over here was an area of
uh Crush Granite uh just it's going to
separate a bedding area um and you can
see I mean just really really nice fluid
lines um down here here's one that we
haven't made the adjustment on so you
can see right there where I'm videoing
in on that it has still a little bit of
a a Bend to it but all we would do is
we'd come up here and just work it out
ever so slightly push the material back
up against it and as it begins to to dry
up a little bit and settle you can see
just doing that literally that amount of
pushing look at the nice curve it made
to it and again if you're looking
straight down on it this has probably a
5°
Offset you wouldn't notice it looking at
it but that just adjusts for the fact
that none of this soil is level right
over here you can see it's actually
probably 5° or so offsetting the other
way and once we get it where we want it
we're just going to compress it and then
you look at the nice curvature of that
line uh one real quick thing as far as
making connections since it since this
was just a 20ft roll down here all I did
to make a connection because this stuff
is so thin is is uh this is where
another bed starts out that way and uh
this is where grass will grow out this
way so I just overlapped by about 4 in
used the construction adhesive clamped
it together gave it a few hours to set
up and now it's nicely clamped together
um you could you could uh do it
underground you know just overlap a
piece if you didn't want to see the the
the doubling up right there I don't
don't consider it all that noticeable
the other thing that I was going to
mention is everybody was complaining or
a lot of the reviews I saw was
complaining about there not being enough
staks as you can see I use the stakes
here for the start of this of this long
line and then there are no more staks I
used the steak here at the end of this
line and then there's literally none
other until the very very end there
that's all they're for I mean would just
be any areas that that they might be
flopping loose or so forth um there
there's no need to put one every 2 ft
which is again another nice thing that
that you would not that would not be the
case if you were using midal edging the
the stakes are every 2 fet so just the
the stakes are just just for the ends um
I actually ended up with a lot left over
but uh I think a lot of people are
confused that you have to conut Stakes
that that will take the take the um uh
take some of the
uh bins out of it and in fact it's just
kind of working the plastic uh the
composite plastic excuse me same thing
that that takes it out of there and
right there you can see I've got a
couple pieces together clamped um and
dry they're probably ready uh use a
little bit of sealant in between them
and uh that's it's good to go um so my
initial impressions are this is the
first time we ever used it are good um
the main thing you know you know when I
see people you know we all read reviews
and we think boy you know how can the
reviews be so different from from one
person to the other is just
understanding that if you're not a
professional you're not going to get
things right probably the first time
you're not going to your muscles and
your your hands and and muscle memory
and so forth as they call it it's just
not going to be like someone who does it
all the time so you just kind of
practice have a little fun with it and
uh worst case scenario pull it back out
of the ground and redo it but uh it's
it's obviously all completely doable
it's you know it's just it's just
composite plastic edging and uh just
working it a little bit and uh turns out
really nicely hope this helps out