welcome back to kids fun science my
name's Ken today's experiment is
Newton's this the reverse rainbow as
always adult supervision is required
what you need for this experiment is
sharpies red purple blue green yellow
and orange a glue stick
a pen a scissors a piece of paper a CD a
couple skewers cardboard that is bigger
than the CD and some string just add
this experiment you take your CD and
you're going to mark on a piece of paper
around the CD and in the middle there
the middle is gonna help you get a
center point of where you need to make
the sections so basically you're just
gonna make an X and then from there
you're gonna draw a line right down the
middle it doesn't have to be exact
there's your six sections then you're
gonna take your colors you go to the
exact order like this red violet and
then blue I believe it's green and
orange I do the same thing with crayons
to give a little lighter effect and
you'll see the two different examples
with a sharpie and the crayon so I'm not
going to show you the crayon sabor√≠o
then you're gonna cut the line to see
your cutting skills do the same exact
thing with the cardboard here you're
gonna cut it out you don't need to do
the middle here then you're gonna take
your glue stick glue the cardboard and
then you're gonna place on both sides I
did the sharpie on one side and I'm
gonna do the crayon on the other side
from there you're gonna take either a
skewer or you're gonna take toothpicks I
just use toothpicks and you're gonna go
on the outside of the circle on one of
the lines here the straight line right
there I mean you're just gonna poke a
hole all the way through be careful we
poke it through it should be pretty easy
go right through we can go around so
there's enough room for the string to go
in so you want a little bit bigger it
doesn't have to be huge but big enough
for the string so it's not tight then
you're gonna take 36 inches of string or
91 centimeters so that's a rule that's a
12 inches right here I'm gonna do that
three times and then we're going to cut
it and from there then we're going to
lace it through the
so now we're gonna lace it through a
both sides you should have had the crane
out on this side so I had them on both
sides which I do correct and then lace
it straight through on this side again
and then you're gonna get the ends to
come even and once you got em even then
you're gonna tie a little knot at the
just looping around once I just have to
double knot or anything keep it as close
as possible and then you're gonna grab
both ends and Center the cardboard the
disc in the middle and you're ready to
do your experiment so now you're gonna
spin the disc around with both hands or
one hand it's kind of spinning around
took it super tight you'll feel the
string tighten it up then you pull out
let it finish spinning and then pull
back in I'm gonna wind it up a little
bit more and then you pull out let it
wind up pull in like her kind of release
and you go it'll go faster and faster
you'll see what the darker colors on the
sharpie it almost goes to a white
reversed rainbow here with Newton's disc
it doesn't quite you got a little bit of
like a pinkish color in there I'm seein
as it goes the fastest it goes is when
you're gonna see that so when we switch
over here I'm going to go to the lighter
crayon colors that I have on the other
side why do that get it going and then
pull out and get it going once you get
it going you can see here it actually
almost blends in to the white light you
almost see completely white that's it go
superfast that's awesome so again a
reverse rainbow there by spinning it the
faster you go and you can see my hands
I'm pulling out let it relax and then
pull in I keep going back and forth and
you can see it gets to that white color
right there so the science behind this
will show you how the colors at Newton's
disc blend together and they are merged
to blend to the white light to our
brains in our eyes the Newton disc is a
well known physics experiment and was
invented by Isaac Newton my disc has six
segments of the rainbow colors when the
disc is rotated really fast as you see
here in the video the colors will fade
to white this is what Isaac Newton
demonstrated that white light is a
combination of the different colors
found in the rainbow hence the name
reversed rainbow I created Newton's disc
with six different colors but you can do
the combination with just red green and
blue in the circular discs that yield
the same results this is due to the
phenomenon called persistence of vision
it's a very important discovery that
proves that light is not colorless but
has color in it together that converge
to give the faded white color which we
consider colorless this experiment is a
final proof that white light is made up
of all colors in the visible spectrum
hello oh yeah okay um you're asking
about kids phones huh yeah we have
videos right there and right there and
right there and right there
and I'm 20 epic videos uh well we have
like those videos over here in those
videos over here