I'm making a festive quick and easy
appetizer today and I'm starting with a
bread breeeead all I did was pick up a
tube of pizza crust in the refrigerated
case at the grocery store I'm going to
cut it into strips I've already made one
wreath so this isn't the full rectangle
but when you unroll the pizza dough
you've got a nice large rectangle and
all I do is cut about Oh 1/2 inch strips
of dough so actually one roll of pizza
crust will probably be enough for three
braids to go around a nice chunk of brie
cheese now the tricky part is braiding
this dough and we'll see if I can get it
started here I usually like to start in
the middle and I guess I should have
these a little bit closer together once
the pizza crust has formed a braid then
I've got my baking sheet ready to go and
I found a bowl that has an edge that's
about the same size as my round of brie
cheese because my goal is to have a
braid of dough to go around my chunk of
brie cheese and that's how I'll be
serving it I've got my oven preheated to
425 degrees I'll take my bowl out and
I'm going to put my braided wreath into
the oven for about 10 minutes my wreath
has come out of the oven and you can see
the trick is really to braid it nice and
loose so it has room to expand and still
look a little bit like a wreath I'm
going to put my round of Brie right in
the center I've sliced the top off you
don't need to but I don't really like
that earthy flavor of the Rhine so I've
sliced it off with a sharp knife I'm
going to set it right in the center of
my wreath and then I've got a little bit
of spiced cranberry sauce that I'm going
to put right over the top of the cheese
and that's the way I'll serve it it's a
fast appetizer and it's very festive for
these last holiday celebrations of the
season
I'm Sidoti and I'm all about food