[Music]
hey everyone its Audrey
this video is going to be a beginners
tutorial on some basic knots that I
think are really easy to learn so that
you can create your own macrame decor
this tutorial isn't going to be on how
to make a specific project but rather
than knots use in order to do so so if
that's something that you'd like to
learn then keep on watching first of all
are the materials that I prefer to use
you can use whatever type of cord or
string that you like but I will be using
cotton cord for this tutorial because I
find it a lot more forgiving if I mess
up next are scissors to cut my cord with
and last you'll just need a stick or
dowel to hang your cord from now on to
the instructions I usually start with
measuring out how long I'd like my
project to be I try to measure out the
length about three or four times longer
than what I imagined the final result to
be and then cut double that length
because each of those pieces are going
to be folded in half once tied to the
stick or dowel here I'm just taking an
extra piece of cord and attaching it to
the ends of my stick to create a handle
so that I can hang my project on the
wall you can then take something heavy
I'm just using one of my plants to hold
the handle in place so that your stick
doesn't move around too much while
you're working the first one I'm going
to show is called the larks head knot
and this knot I just used to attach my
cord to the stick I start by taking a
piece of cord at its middle and then
creating a loop then I take that loop
and place it over the top of the stick
and underneath once that's done I then
pull both tails of the cord through
which should look something like this
repeating with each cord until I kind of
run out of space the next stop that I'm
gonna share is called a vertical half
hitch and you're only going to use two
cords for this knot you'll start by
taking the left cord and placing it over
the right one and then pulling the tail
end underneath and through that loop
you've just made
again really simple just taking the left
cord over the right underneath and
through and if you keep repeating this
not vertically it will eventually begin
to spiral and end up looking like what
you see here the third note that I'm
showing here is called a half knot and
you're going to use a total of four
cords for this one you'll start with the
cord farthest to the left and cross that
over the other three then you'll place
the cord to the very right over that one
and then underneath the two middle cords
and through and over the loop you've
created on the left pulling all the way
to secure showing you again I'm just
taking that leftmost cord over the three
to the right of it placing the rightmost
cord over that one and then taking that
same cord to the right underneath the
middle two cords through and over the
loop to the left if you continue this
not vertically it will eventually begin
the spiral and end up looking like this
this last knot is called a square knot
and again you'll be using four cords in
total to make it this knot is pretty
much exactly like the half knot as I'm
showing here so you're just repeating
these same steps as before except once
you're finished with one half knot the
next knot will be done on the opposite
side so you'll be crossing the rightmost
cord over the three to the left this
time then taking the leftmost cord over
that one and underneath the two middle
cords to be pulled through and over the
loop to the right so exactly like the
half knot except you're creating knots
by alternating the side that you start
with as opposed to just one side if you
continue this not vertically you'll know
that you're doing it correctly because
it will stay completely flat and it
won't spiral like the previous two knots
so those are the only knots I'm going to
do for this tutorial but I kind of also
wanted to show what it should look like
once you're comfortable connecting notes
together in one project I'm just going
to be making a bunch of score notes so
you can get an idea of what something
like that would look like here I have
eight chords and I'm going to start with
two square knots with the middle four
chords then I'm going to take the four
chords on the right and make two square
knots underneath that and then do the
same on the left side with the four
left-mouse chords like I said this video
is just me sharing the knots that I
thought were the easiest to learn once I
knew how to do these basic knots I was
able to make several different wall
hangings and tapestries on my own
so hopefully this tutorial helps you out
and allows you to get creative with
macrame as a beginner thank you so much
for watching and until next time
[Music]