hi everybody its Amy
I am been really getting into small
batch canning I got this
the all new ball book of canning and
preserving which has a lot of really
good small batch recipes in it today I
am see I lost my page yeah here we go
today I am going to be making this beet
relish with horseradish now I'm one of
those people I guess I'm one of those
weird people that really loves beets and
I really love horse riders so this
sounded really really good to me and you
can see they've had they have a picture
of it on a bratwurst but I'm going to
use it for some black bean burgers that
I'm gonna make and I just thought that
would be a really good flavor profile to
go with with some ham black bean veggie
burgers this recipe is a water bath
canning recipe if you don't want to can
it you don't have to you just have to
store it in your fridge but if you're
like me and you like to have some
variety on your shelves where you can
just go and grab it anytime
it makes four pint jars of relish so the
directions say to trim the beads you
know scrub them we're gonna put them in
water to boil for about 25 or 30 minutes
until they're tender and then we're
going to combine the apple cider vinegar
onions sugar horseradish salt pepper red
pepper and you simmer it for 12 minutes
and then you ladle it into your pint
jars and you can water bath can it in
the book it tells you to water bath can
it for 15 minutes and adjust for your
altitude I'm right over a thousand feet
in elevation so I have to add five
minutes
wanting that so I'm gonna go ahead and
get everything ready and just let me
show you one of the reasons why I went
ahead and decided to do this recipe is
it because I was at the grocery store
and they had these big spirals for Half
Price
and they're already cut up and
everything so I'm gonna use it as part
of my beats and then of course I have
that this wasn't enough to make the
recipe so I had to buy some fresh batch
as well so we're gonna boil these and
I'll add these ones it already cut up
we're gonna start simmering everything
so I'm gonna go ahead and get all of the
ingredients ready and I'll be back okay
you guys so I have all of my beats I'll
be turning my portable stove on I have
all of my beats in here they smell
amazing
like me and you love beats
I think this recipe is going to be
really really good all right so it says
to put I've peeled ibold these beats I
peeled them and I diced them up the two
packages of the spiralized beets plus
another two beets made a total of eight
cups so once I boiled them I peeled them
i diced all this up and measured out 8
cups so that's what I have in the pot
right now so to that I'm going to add 2
and 1/2 cups of apple cider vinegar with
a 5% acidity and you want to make sure
that your apple cider vinegar has that
on the label because this is what makes
it safe for water bath canning and for
it to be stable on the shelf is the
acidity in this
okay so I'm going to add that the next
ingredient is some chopped onions make
sure I get all of those in there okay
and then to that I'm going to add one
and a quarter cups of just plain sugar
okay the next ingredient in the book is
a 2/3 cup of prepared horseradish and
I've already measured it into this cup
so I know that it's 2/3 of a cup there
and then it calls for two tables I'm
sorry two teaspoons of pickling salt
that you don't want to use table salt
you wanna use one that doesn't have the
crisp like any caking agents or anything
else in there one and a half teaspoons
of ground black pepper and a half to one
teaspoon of ground red pepper and I just
mixed all that up in here so all that
has been pretty measured okay
so we just want to stir all of these
ingredients together really well
we're gonna let it sit and we're gonna
lit it or the right to a boil first and
then we're just calling all this simmer
together groups for about 12 minutes is
what the directions calls so I'm going
to get all this put together look like
and keep it all in the bowl it smells
amazing I said if you like beets and
horseradish I just feel like this is
gonna be a delicious relish I can even
see putting this on top of the sandwich
burgers I said they're pictures of
awesome this smells so good right now
oh I wish you could smell this okay so
now that I've got all of that combined
I'm just gonna let that come to a boil
and then we will it simmer turn down let
it simmer for 12 minutes and start
occasionally you see I've got a little
bit red stain hand from the beets but
that's okay washes off so while I'm
getting this to come up to a boil I'm
gonna go ahead and get my pint jars
ready this says it makes four pint jars
so what I like to do is I'll get five
prepared just in case there's extra I
can just stick it in that the extra jar
and put that one in the fridge but I
don't want to not have enough jars that
are sterilized so I'm gonna go sterilize
my jars and we'll be back when this has
simmered for about 12 minutes and I'll
show you what it looks like before we
start putting it into the jars
okay this has been simmering according
to directions I'm gonna get my book just
have it in front of me always look I'm
about to label these into the jars I've
got the jars sterilized and this says to
process for 15 minutes adjusting for
altitude and in the front of this book
know your altitude
see if I can show this to you oops that
will be clear or not but it's on page 15
it says boiling water method this is
under know your altitude if you're over
a thousand feet to three thousand feet
in altitude you need to do increase it
by five minutes so it's calling for 15
minutes so that means I'm gonna do it
for 20 minutes and I'm gonna show you if
you have an iPhone I'm gonna show you on
my iPhone how you can see what your
altitude is if you go to the compass
altitude that yep see that that's how I
know what my elevation is started
canning up this delicious relish it
smells so good so I was gonna do this in
my instant pot but because I'm using
widemouth pint jars I just went ahead
and got my water bath canner ready and
I'm just gonna water about them so but I
did sterilize the jars
[Music]
steam sterilized these in the instant
pot and make sure that you can see what
I'm doing so alright so what you want to
do is there's some really good start I
like to kind of stir it up before I fill
my jars and these are hot jars with hot
liquid come in and this recipe calls for
an half an inch of head space when I'm
working with this kind of stuff I kind
of like to do one jar at a time
and as you can see I've got a towel down
to help with any noises okay so you want
to go around and deed bubble about any
air bubbles just calling for a half an
inch so I'm going to measure and make
sure that it's at half an inch and it
needs just a tiny tiny little bit more
and they put too much that's right about
perfect I'm gonna be bubble that again
yep perfection okay so when we get a
napkin sorry I thought I had one I have
a little jar of Arvind up sorry little
bowl of vinegar and I like to wipe the
rims with vinegar inspect them just to
make sure that there's no Nicks or
anything and then I've got my lids
sitting in so you're gonna line that up
and you put it this is this is hot jar
so you can home put it on finger tight
then I've got my water bath canner go in
with hot water in it I'm gonna take this
lid off and then I'm going to set my jar
in there okay so let me get another jar
[Music]
I'll show you that one more time
gonna pick this up really good get a
packet remember this recipe says that it
makes for one pint jars and it smells
delicious
I'll wait to try this I'm just
[Music]
and I always like to make sure that my
headspace is correct that was very good
[Music]
alright I'll get the other jars loaded
up into the canner to process them for
20 minutes and then I'll bring you back
to show you what they look like when I'm
done okay you guys I have been processed
my jars for 20 minutes and then I let
them sit for another five minutes so now
I'm going to go ahead
for my chars
I'm placing them on
a towel because you don't want the hot
dollars to go
cold surface and shocked
this recipe made exactly
I mean exactly four pints just like it
said
so I am gonna sit here and let these
process I'm sorry that process cooldown
I'm actually going to get and they're
really really pretty so once I get these
cold and everything I will remove the
rims and clean the jars and then I will
show you a better close-up of them once
they cool down enough for me to handle
them okay so we are going to go ahead
and open up these jars of college and
try it
hmm I'm gonna get a little Bowl and
spoon some of this out of there so I can
taste it
I'm going to something here so that I
can taste it you can see that
wow that is really good it's tiny you
can taste the vinegar in there it's got
a really nice bite to it
so one of the things that I figured I
would try this alone we get a clean fork
really quickly see I've got a salad
okay rebus rubella salad with with goat
cheese and walnuts it's one of my
favorite salads is to put beets a beet
salad
so you just sprinkle this on top I was
just like a salad dressing and well
let's taste
make sure it's walnut and goat cheese on
there
hmm that was really delicious
put the rest of this yeah Wow
so yeah if you like beet salad and I
love love beet salad I didn't I don't
even have to add any salad dressing for
this the beets and the vinegar that's in
the relish and horseradish and
everything just gives it a really good
flavor along with the goat cheese hmm so
yeah I'm just definitely a keeper like I
said I'm gonna use this for the top of
some burgers and I think it is going to
be delicious
so if you don't have the book it's the
ball caning book their newest book and
this is the small bat recipe for beef
horseradish relish so go ahead give that
a try
it's really good see you next time hey
you guys if you liked this video don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
give me a thumbs up also share it on
Facebook or Pinterest any one of your
friends who might like to you try small
batch canning and loves beets like I do
bye