hey everybody welcome back to gooseberry
homestead so I'm gonna do a really quick
video cuz last night I did some reading
up on gooseberries and propagating and
and that sort of thing and some
information about first year blooms and
that sort of thing so I'm gonna give you
a rundown of what I learned and since
you guys I am so new I'm I would
consider myself a newbie gardener and
I'm just learning as I go and I'm
enjoying the process thoroughly so I'm
back out here in my little greenhouse
and it is up to almost 72 degrees it's
really nice and warm and the door was
even open for a few moments and so it's
really nice it's perfect in here I do
need to do a little bit of watering
because I noticed some of the dirt is
starting to dry out in some of my pots
and as you can see I have moved things
around in my greenhouse I'm just gonna
pan around here so you guys can see that
I've moved things around and
everything's in a different location I
have my seat raised I haven't put
anything in yet I'm still trying to
decide what I'm gonna plant in them I'll
probably end up getting something
planted maybe tomorrow hopefully
possibly we'll see the kids start spring
break today after they get home from
school and that sort of thing so yeah
alright so I'm gonna tell you why I
learned okay about the the gooseberries
I did have this tree here and this tree
here as well as the tray right here
all right outside of the greenhouse down
you can't really see there's plastic
there but I had another video you guys
right outside the greenhouse right out
out this side there's some cinder blocks
that I have those on my reading that I
did stated that you should put the
clippings cuz these were all just little
buds when I put them into the dirt they
hadn't bloomed out the little leaves
hadn't appeared and that sort of thing
fully on them
so that it was still late late late
winter when I did this super late almost
spring when I did my cuttings and so all
the buds hadn't fully opened and that
sort of thing and what happens is is
what you're gonna do is you take off the
buds on all of the the gooseberries and
you leave about four buds on the
gooseberries that's why they look like
little miniature trees right now and you
put them down into the ground you want
to put about three to four of the node
areas like this what's panning here
where you can see like these areas here
each of the sections you put those down
underneath the soil and it'll actually
form roots from those areas where the
nodes were for the buds and so it's
really good to put them down in the
ground because that's where they're
gonna form and it said to put them in a
greenhouse so that they warm will help
promote the roots to start forming it
gives them a jumpstart so then when
spring comes around the roots should all
be formed on the gooseberries and it'll
it'll be good it'll be they'll be
perfect for overwintering outside and in
fact once it gets really warm this
summer I will probably move them out of
the greenhouse because it might get too
hot in here I'll probably end up having
the door open and so the wind is blowing
outside as you can hear and so the other
thing that I did other reading that I
did was on the fact that I have blossoms
on this one that's right down here as
you can see the pink blossom there
it's being all weird I'm trying to get
it to zoom properly but there's little
pink blossoms on here there's two of
them it's being a really weird set my
coffee cup down so I can maybe bring my
hand in here help zoom in on this and so
you can see those little blossoms there
and there's a little bit of pink on them
and then there's two more the reading
that I did up on this it stated that
within the first year of growth for your
gooseberries that you don't want to
allow it to the blossoms to create fruit
not in my opinion it's probably because
you want the plant to focus on growth
and getting bigger rather than trying to
produce fruit and since this is actually
going to be trying to produce roots I'm
gonna actually clip those blossoms off
of this and I'm not going to let the
fruit set onto it so yeah I mean if you
were growing if these were just growing
in the wild and it was a new plant and
it was the next year and it had been
growing of course nature's gonna go
ahead and do its thing and nature will
just it'll just have fruit and and
that's just how it is but since we're
growing them and we're trying to promote
more growth more limbs and that sort of
thing it's key that we go ahead and we
just kind of since we're doing it
controlled environment type dealio we'll
just go ahead and we'll take off those
um those blossoms and now I have all the
gooseberries in the greenhouse I do have
a couple more clippings that I made that
are outside so well I will probably do
because I'll probably get five more of
these little containers because I have
five more in my other buckets and since
I want them to be in a warm environment
I will be putting those up today and I
will be moving these three out of this
container here and I'll be putting these
ones down on the floor in the greenhouse
with all of the rest of my mess down
here I had two who rearranged everything
in here two in order to fit these trees
upon the
shelves in the greenhouse and I've got
one extra tray here I think what I'll do
is I'll plant cold weather crops in
these and I put these on cinder blocks
outside of the greenhouse so it's not a
big deal not having enough room in here
for that but yeah that's pretty much it
you guys I'm gonna go ahead and I will
see you guys in another video and go
ahead comment like and subscribe let me
know what you guys are growing this year
and that sort of thing it's getting
really hot in here it is actually you
guys almost up to 80 degrees in here I'm
starting to sweat seriously I might just
leave the flap open so it doesn't get
too hot in here so there we go and now
the wind can blow open all right you
guys click that Bell button so that you
don't miss out on any of my videos you
guys and I am making you all dizzy
walking around grabbing my coffee cup
and all that good jazz anyway is a
mosquito Hawks are freaking out why are
they they're landing on me get off of me
guys I love you guys you were amazing
little bugs but please you don't need to
look at these guys they're like on my
there's two of them together guys go do
your thing somewhere else there ya go
all right you guys have a wonderful day
bye