welcome
everyone so today we are going to talk
about
jera and a jerber daisy is from the
daisy family and uh I will show you how
to grow it from seed this is my first
attempt at it but then I saw it on uh
the internet that you can grow it by
seed so just for the
uninitiated uh members so this is a Jura
uh flower which is actually very
beautiful but I have just taken it off
at its uh you know maturity because this
has been on the plant for quite some
time so I took it off so that you can
see the flowers have already started
coming
off
so how do you get seeds from this
particular plant it's very difficult so
what you have to do is once you see that
this plant has dried sorry this flower
has
dried uh you cut the stem off here you
you cut it from here and take this
flower and wrap
it and wrap it in a paper paper towel
and then keep it in a cold storage as in
Cold Storage cool place not really cold
not in the freezer or anywhere but then
just maybe you have a drawer uh in your
house just keep it there where it is
dark and
cool so so once you've done that once
you've done that what will happen once
you open up the uh paper towel after a
long time after a long time of keeping
the particular stock the stock uh the
flower stock will become like this you
know
almost uh naked and all the flower
petals would have dried up would have
dried up and what you will get is
a seat
with uh the whiskers that hang from it
so that it it actually helps it to fly
and you
know settle its seeds down so that is
that is the Nature's way of doing things
but I'll show you how the seed looks
like so if you could see
carefully so this is how a seed pod will
look like it'll have these
whiskers and a brown
seat so that is a seat and JRA it's very
difficult to uh they say that it's very
difficult to propagate because all seeds
don't uh become a plant you know a jur
plant so you have to be careful you have
to see if the seed is not broken you
have to be uh careful and see that the
seed is a little thicker the Pod is a
little thicker
and uh it breaks off easily from the
whiskers and stuff like that so if you
could see this against the backdrop of
this paper
towel you can see the seeds very
carefully so this is the seed the one
dangling from the wh CU is the
seat so you'll have to pluck it and what
I've done is I have
already taken off the seeds from those
whiskers and I've kept it
aside so let me sew this and see if
there is any progress I will videograph
it and you know I will also upload it on
the
uh
Vlog so that is it so it's very easy
just uh keep it
uh keep the seed head uh wrapped in the
towel for for around a month or or
maximum 20 days or I think it's better
if you keep it for a month and do this
so that it's because jerb is really
costly and if you can propagate it by
seed then nothing like it so so yeah
enjoy
gardening and let's see what happens to
these seeds thank you