[Music]
okay so you're about to do a load of
laundry you pull out a pair of jeans and
then you see it it's red interesting but
don't worry here's what you'll need to
get that stubborn stain out detergent
a damp cloth a toothbrush and a washing
machine or a generous amount of liquid
or powder detergent onto the grass
stains then using a damp cloth or a
toothbrush throughout the detergent into
the same be patient wait at least 10 to
15 minutes allowing the detergent to do
its job now toss the jeans into a
washing machine looks like fabric and
wash with cold water when the cycle is
complete check the stained area if the
stain is gone dry them like you normally
would
this the stain isn't completely gone
just hang them up to air dry and repeat
the process again until the stain is
gone with these simple steps you'll have
those green knees looking like new in no
time a helpful tip brought to you by the
sears knowledge center
you