repair clinic makes fixing things easy
with millions of replacement parts
available on our website and the help
you need to do the repair yourself since
we encourage you to perform this repair
safely a warning icon will appear when
you should use caution before you
replace the front roller assembly on
your refrigerator
be sure to unplug the power cord your
first step is to pull out the freezer
drawer and detach the lower grille now
have an assistant help you to lift up
the side of the refrigerator then
support it
use a Phillips head screwdriver to
unthread the front mounting screw
securing the roller assembly you can use
a Phillips head bit and a ratchet wrench
to unthread the mounting screws on the
bottom pull the roller assembly down
from the rear to remove install the new
front roller assembly by aligning the
front edge first then position the rear
replace the three mounting screws to
secure
remove the support and lower the
appliance if necessary use a 3/8 inch
socket to adjust the roller leveling
screw to raise or lower the roller
assembly realign the grill and snap it
into place with the repair completed
plug the power cord back in and your
refrigerator should be ready for use at
repair clinic we make fixing things easy
thank you for supporting the production
of these videos by purchasing your parts
from our website