one of the many benefits of K&N air
filters is that they are washable and
reusable we suggest you inspect your
filter annually or more often if you
drive in dusty or dirty environments
when dirt collects to a point that
exceeds the wire mesh it's time to clean
and recharge your filter to get started
carefully remove the air filter from the
stock air box or from the end of the
intake system to liberally spray both
sides of the filter with K&N power clean
air filter cleaner depending on your
needs canon offers powerclean in a
variety of sizes including a 32 ounce
bottle one gallon bottle or as part of
the K&N recharge your service kit allow
the filter to set for 10 minutes but do
not let the cleaner dry on the filter
using a cool low-pressure water source
rinse the filter from the clean side out
making sure to rinse out all dirt and
contaminants continue to rinse the
filter until the water runs clean it may
be necessary to repeat the process
do not use pressure washers or garden
hose nozzles to rinse the filter gently
shake the filter to remove excess water
and set aside to dry naturally do not
use compressed air or heating elements
to speed the drying process once the
filter is completely dry it is ready for
really KNN air filter oil is available
as either a squeeze bottle or an aerosol
spray both contain the same exclusive
formula that came with your can and air
filter from the factory the oil can be
purchased individually in multiple sizes
or as part of the canon recharger
service kit if using the squeeze bottle
apply a thin bead of oil to each pleat
of the filter if using the aerosol spray
hold the can two to three inches from
the filter and spray along each plate
allow the oil to absorb for
approximately 20 minutes and touch up
any light areas until the filter is a
consistent salmon red color
reinstall the air filter back into your
vehicle proper maintenance of your K&N
air filter will ensure that you continue
to get superior airflow and superior
performance
[Music]