[Music]
hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to grow peppers from seed I like to use
the heirloom peppers since the
vegetables they produce are identical to
the parent you can either use seeds
directly from a right pepper that has
fully matured on the plant or purchase
seeds start off by getting seedling
starter pots and fill them with soil
next place the pots in a clear plastic
pot and water them thoroughly after take
a seed and place it in the center of
each pot
press each feed in half a centimeter
deep using a toothpick and gently cover
it with soil finally place the lid on
top of the container making sure not to
press it in and then place the container
in a warm area that receives plenty of
sunlight after a week most of the seeds
should have sprouted and they're ready
to be transplanted into a garden or
container when there are about a couple
inches tall if you're planting in a
container you want to get a container
with a lot of drainage holes and fill it
with soil and then get the pepper
seedling and either rip the bottom part
off or carefully remove it from the pot
created in the center of build the rest
of the container in the soil
and then water the seedling Doralee
it's been five and a half weeks since
the seeds have been planted and there
has been significant growth you can
already see some flower buds forming the
time to harvest from the time of
germination is about 80 days if you want
to save the pepper seeds for the
following season make sure that you let
a couple of peppers fully ripen on the
plant so that the seeds have time to
fully mature there you go guys
that's how you grow pepper from see
you