hi my name is Santina and today i'd like
to introduce you to the tool Cochino
mandoline slicer our slicer has three
main components the storage container
safety holder and four different cutting
style platforms one of the things I love
the most about the tool Cochino mandolin
slicer
is how quick and easy it is to slice
uniform pieces of fruits and vegetables
first here's the flat blade platform
place it on top of the storage container
and you have sliced apples for homemade
crisps in moments with the safety holder
you have onion slices for the BBQ
without the tears for your julienne
slicing which are your thin matchstick
size perfect to cut french fries and
seconds or carrots for stir-fry cucumber
for sushi or rice paper rolls for your
grating needs course grating perfect for
zucchini and cheese fine grating or
ginger perfect in any Asian dish or
zesting lemon for your favorite dessert
cleanup is a breeze the platforms are
top rack dishwasher safe the storage
container is best to hand wash in just
seconds
best of all my kitchen is kept clean and
tidy with the storage container
conveniently collecting the fruit while
I'm slicing don't get confused with
other slices that look the same the tool
Kachina slice art not only comes with a
unique julienne blade that the others
don't have the customer service we
provide is impeccable if you have any
questions please contact us and we'll
get back to you're less than 24 hours
thanks for watching and enjoy your tool
Cucina mandolin slicer