hi welcome to Chris Cook for YouTube
today I really have a treat for you I'm
not in Virginia I'm in Texas I'm in the
home of my sons we've talked to we
talked about him and his wife how well
they can cook well today you're going to
have a chance to really really see him
in action with one of his recipes he's
going to be cooking for you his famous
oven fried chicken now I know it's been
a long time since you've seen me I've
had some things that I had to do but
we're going to talk about that later I
really want to introduce you to him and
get started with his oven fried chicken
so let's do that
now hey how y'all
doing okay now I know you can hear my
voice but you can't see me that's
because he's going to be doing most of
the talking this is my son Charles hi
I'm the son and he's going to prepare
his oven fried chicken hi I'm the son
I'm the son can y'all see me can you see
me out there in TV Land YouTube land how
you doing all right look at here it's
just real simple only thing you got to
remember is when you making chicken you
make sure you make sure your hands are
very very very very very very very clean
all right but anyway chicken is chicken
chicken chicken okay I've already washed
the chicken already washed my hands I
already did that but just in case you
don't believe me look at that washing my
hands got my little dishwashing liquid
put it on there clean them up real real
good hey can somebody pass me a paper
towel over there please washing them
real good got a little bit of bleach put
a little bleach on there to clean them
up real real real real real real good
got my niece recording me hey baby how
you doing but I'm the funny one of the
family so I try to keep it nice and easy
but I got my chicken wings now up in
Chicago where I'm originally from
chicken wings is the wing down here in
Texas Texas that's chicken parts but it
ain't wings but the only thing I do
really honestly people is I season it
with a little seasoning salt as you can
see it was pre-seasoned my mom kind of
got on me but put a little seasoning
salt on it put a little garlic
powder on it you know since there's salt
is seasoning salt and there is pepper in
there I'm kind of a little bit
heavy-handed with that and I kind of mix
it in there real good oops that kind of
fell down in my sink there but I mix it
in there real real good real real good
as you can see that's well seasoned see
that seasoning on there that seasoning
on there real good oh that chicken going
to taste good baby oh yeah it's going to
taste real good my niece is is just
laughing and I hope y'all laughing too I
like to crack little jokes every now and
then but look at there see that
seasoning in there you make sure that
that seasoning get all over that chicken
cuz you don't want to be biting that
chicken and it's got deadness in there
no seasoning so you want to get it in
there good okay so I seasoned that
chicken good we're going to take a
little break while I wash we're back all
right now as you can see what I've done
over here mov the stuff from the sink
over to the stove I preheated my stove
to 425 turn my light on I've taken one
of the
the I guess when you one the racks from
the bottom and move it up one level
because you know heat rises so I want
the temperature to be a little bit
hotter but not very very hot that it'll
burn so I've taken a cooking sheet and
I've lined it with aluminum foil sprayed
a little P Pam on it and as you can see
what I told you about cleaning look at
those hands I didn't clean those hands
so good they didn't turn a shade
lighter but that's okay
now now I know that you all oh one thing
I want to make I want to know that some
people might use butter but I like to
use Pam cuz I'm not a big fan of a whole
lot of butter don't get me wrong I like
butter on my toast but uh on everything
else I kind of you know keep that down
but now for those people that like to
use the Ziploc bags I'm not against that
but you know I'm from old school and I
like to take my shopping bag and put a
little allpurpose flour in it with the
allpurpose flour throw some of these
Wings just dive on up in there baby dump
them up in
there like
so Shake that up since I'm going to be
reaching on up in
there right keep that one hand free cuz
you don't want it to be really really
doughy you shake it see how when you
shake it that uh there some little these
some little drums but you see how when
you shake it all that flow will come off
of there and then you just place it on
there and you can line it how you want
now because I got a lot here I'm going
to kind of alternate them
back and
forth and I'mma kind of
keep one in one way like that see how
they going I get one like that
one like this and we just go back and
forth back and forth now you getting the
idea you shaking them
off you placing them down so that they
can cook now I know you probably don't
want
to wait all this time while I place
these okay now the final thing I do
because like I said I'm not a big fan of
butter is I spray some Pam on there on
the top just coat it lightly boom cuz
it's cooking all right once I coat it
lightly look there what I tell you
people keep them hands clean now here in
Texas we do it big got a whole lot of
chicken I only did one so I'm going
throw one in the oven and then I'm going
to come back when it's done and show
y'all how it might not look pretty but
it's sure going to taste good so I'll be
back after I throw this in the oven boom
baby all right I'm just back to show you
a little bit of how it looks cuz I got
some non-believers of the fact that it
can fry in the oven you know now it is
frying it's not done like normal chicken
but as you can see it can cook but I
also want to let you know one thing that
you don't necessarily have to use Pam
like I said you use butter you can use
um again Pam or you can get yourself one
of these we have this sprayer from um
pamper Chef you could put in it um olive
oil you could put coconut oil um um
grape seed oil any kind of oil you just
pump it up and then spray out out in the
mid just like Pam so you don't
necessarily have to stick to this or any
one particular thing you can spray
whatever it is you want over your
chicken as a coat as a coater because
that's all it does is it it just coats
it so that it can fry it instead of
frying in grease and to my family it's
uh it's pretty healthy because we're not
using that that regular grease but we we
not only do chicken I mean we oven fry
fish we oven fry pork chop CHS and it's
like I said I'm one of those people I
love me some pork chops and to keep me
from just dropping them in the grease
and and getting down on them I just go
ahead on and oven fry them so instead of
me being restricted from one I can have
two and that's about it okay right all
right I want y'all to know that I'm back
the chicken is ready and I just want to
take it out the oven and let you know
what the finished product look like of
course I got some more in there cuz I
cooked a whole lot of chicken but this
is what the finished product looks like
fried up real real good as you can see
it is still frying on the bottom all of
that grease all that fat went down to
the bottom so you don't even have to
worry about it good and
crispy and all the way done I do not
like wet chicken at all all the way done
it is good so I'm cooking some more I
have my mother come back get her a
little slice of it taste it because you
know she the world famous real good
excellent cook after
me hi so I'm back and I just want to
show you about the bottom sides of the
chicken it is fried as well I did taste
it it's fantastic there is no greasy
taste to it you can use it and just
compliment it with a side dish or you
can just eat it straight like it like it
actually is this one of course it sticks
just a little
bit but if you look at the back side of
it it's fried very well so this is
crispy fried chicken in the oven with no
grease taste glad that you joined me
here in Texas and as always thank you
for watching Chris Cook for YouTube bye