when it's a hot sunny day outside or
just really bright and sunny it doesn't
have it's a great time to make Sun tea
this comforting video we're not all that
put together but we're gonna make it and
I'm going to show you how I actually
have a son teacher and it's a gallon so
I just fill it up with cold filtered
water and then I have a variety of teas
that I like for iced tea this one is
actually pina colada it's actually a Roy
boss tea with pineapple cubes and
coconut shreds and we learn which images
to make it more pina colada eat and then
I have one of these these are mush and
it's great for iced tea so it pulls
apart I'll link in the description box
below the video where you can get one of
these and T expands when it gets wet so
I'm just going to put in I don't know it
might be about a tablespoon and I put
this together and it screws together and
I just pop it in and next I set it in a
fun spot where it's going to be sunny
for most of the day and I just leave it
there you can go to work and come back
later no you can have tea
at the end of the day I'm going to take
out UT is Tom's logo check it out from
my background you can put this into a
different picture if you want me to put
this right and refrigerator and that is
you get some delicious something a
watermelon mojito today some fresh
watermelon fresh spearmint leaves on the
garden to make this watermelon mojito
i'm starting with real fresh watermelon
now the best way to do this