so on these doors I'm just gonna use a
small chip brush 2-inch caramel sells
this nice 4-inch rooster brush go right
into your product I get a good glump on
it I take it to my surface and then I
just start going around if you want to
have some texture you can kind of bounce
your your brush around if you want it
smoother and cleaner then you just try
to just
I got that
brush it out smooth okay and Warren not
too thick not too thin you know you try
to just have a light hand to just
lightly pull out what you got but you
are going to have brush marks it's not a
rolled paint finish it's not a sprint
finish that's about what we got okay go
bougie okay and on it goes
so you see how you can see the cabinet
finish it's soft coming through that's
what you're gonna see with your first
layer and it's okay it's alright don't
worry about it your second layer will
cover it
we're gonna take the product again tight
I get it fine my brush take it to the
surface I like to just kind of push this
second layer around and to me what it
does is it fills in the first layer any
of those brush marks some boobies no
it's coming ups fill in that first layer
I'm just kind of pulling it zoom in on
that Julia just again and okay so same
thing we've got the peppercorn and push
it on and a smear it around
okay so now we have the cabinet's all
dry two coats
let go now I'm a flat cabinets like this
it's gonna be real easy
to pounce and it because you don't have
any grooves I got this one at Home Depot
I think this one was about 30 bucks it's
a skill comes with a nice little carry
case and all kinds of little tools that
get into grooves what I'm gonna do is
I'm just going to turn this on my
surface and just let it lightly float
I'm not gonna really apply any pressure
what it'll do is it'll just
and I'll take a dry rag kind of clean it
off
so now if I want to reveal the edges
because these doors are kind of not much
going on with them what I would do is
they would take my palm sander now what
will happen because this was white
underneath I'll reveal the white and
I'll go at an angle so that
that's your black now this is the toner
comes in 16-ounce this will do a whole
kitchen this toner goes a long way go
into the toner some on your brush now in
the dark what it does is it just brings
everything kind of back to life when you
do the fine sand it just kind of dulls
your surface the toner don't won't make
as much difference on the dark colors
does more than you think and on the
light you'll see that it makes a big
difference okay
rags rags handy any kind of rags will do
doesn't really matter I'll just use this
one and you can do it different ways you
can wipe it off you kind of just flat it
off you can dust it off make sure you
don't have any junk on your rag like me
okay or you can use a damp rag and it'll
get more of it off but on the dirt
colors doesn't really matter I got some
fuzzies in here stuff okay
and there you have it now
and the lighter color I take it to the
door and then I really just push it
everywhere
if I use a dry rag is oh and always a
thing I like to do I like to keep a
dried brush with me now you can
just kind of tap it off okay if you want
to leave a lot of color on and I do a
final pull with my brush that's my
little trick that I love and I show
everybody in my workshops it's just a
cool way to move the color the toner
stays open nice so it's not like stain
okay and that's as dark about as you can
get you want it lighter play
this kind of color
and you want to use like a damp rag if
you really wanted to just take as much
off then you can just I mean really kind
of a fly pressure scrub it
okay and you think this looks white like
oh it just took everything off but if
you look at your cabinet before we can
reveal here
so cool isn't it oh there's your
original wait to see how much whiter
that is this looks white like oh you
took all the toner off but really it
doesn't it just kind of gives a nice
antiquing color but if you can zoom in
on the edge whole you know for anybody
that does want a little bit of interest
and there you have your finished
laminate with caramel colors
for kitchen cabinets bathroom cabinets i
really suggest that you topcoat them
they need to be protected I actually
like white by polyurethanes and then wax
I've used this in my professional
business
it's a $8 for this can it'll do your
whole kitchen and you just have to
really just get it at Home Depot when
your cabinets are dry if I finished this
today I would wait until tomorrow and
then I would pour this on like an old
t-shirt rag and just wipe my door wait
for it to dry apply a second coat and
then you'd be good to go if you had any
hardware then you'd attach that after so
these are the top coats that recommend
caramel Saul's Ali brown wax on their
site which is wonderful for like
furniture finishes
and to order the products these are the
ten colors right here Jules if you want
to move around and zoom in on up my
hedges so you can see them they come in
it's called a distressing kit and it
comes with one color that you would have
to tell them what color you want and it
does about 50 square feet of surface it
comes with a 16-ounce toner
or you can order them online at the
caramel color store but in order to save
several dollars off shipping if you
could use my coupon code which is
capital p suea tty capital h then you'll
get several dollars off shipping and
it's the only way really that you can
identify that you learned about these
cool cool products from one and then i
get credit for yourself so i would
really appreciate it
Oh