hello in this video I'm going to show
you the best way you can dry and
preserve figs for the winter this is our
fig tree here and you see some some
fruits arrived and some are not ripe
this is this is an example of the food
you notice the one on the left
it's like wilted down a little bit this
means that it's gotten right so in terms
of preserving the figs the best way in
my viewpoint because you don't add sugar
or anything is to just pick it off the
tree put it on a tray in the Sun and let
them let it to dry
it usually takes from 20 to 30 days and
it gets really dry when you do that I
will show you in the second stage how
what they look like after they have
dried okay in the second stage you see
now we have the figs drying on a little
they're still green they just picked up
yesterday or the day before and they are
drying in a tray but these are the FIGS
after drying for about a week or two
maybe and you know I have them on a on a
large tray which is a copper tray and
then I have some some bark from a tree
so that they don't overheat at the
bottom of it because the Sun is very
strong in Lebanon the best way is to put
them on this type of tray which allows
it to breathe from the bottom this is
made from reeds it's in like woven type
of tray and some of them I have put that
way on it after they've completely dry
for about 20 to 30 days they become like
hard rock then we're gonna go into the
third stage which is the steaming to
preserve them okay now it's to the third
stage where I have put them in a pot on
fire you just put water in the pot and I
put a basket on top and then a lid for
the pot so now we're going to open the
pot now you see the the figs are
steaming and they have become like soft
and they're even having a good aroma and
smell coming out of them so this at this
stage we just take them out and let them
dry a little bit