hey everybody welcome to my channel
today I'm going to show you how to
propagate Cuban oregano Cuban oregano is
probably one of my favorite herb in the
garden because they look pretty and they
smell really nice the leaves of a pump
and looked like succulent plants and
they're easy to maintain and also to
propriate so initially when I got these
they're really small about you know a
few inches tall and then I placed them
in this grow bed and you know now
they're spreading like everywhere look
at those and then there's some here and
then it goes all the way climbed out to
the back there so when I first purchased
these they said that these herb would
not do well in full Sun but I live in
Texas and they're sitting in the bed
getting full Sun all day long and
they're doing just fine so I guess they
can take a lot of a lot of heat so
anyway today I'm gonna show you how to
propagate and make more of this what
we're gonna do here is we're going to
take a nice straight looking branch the
straight ones are the easiest because
it's easier to work with so we'll take
that one there and what we're gonna do
is use scissor and we're going to just
give it a nice cut right here there you
go
and that's cool and this is what you're
gonna have all right we're gonna take
this over to a propagation area and
begin the process alright to propagate
you just need a few simple things first
is going to be a container and then
water just simple water right out of a
faucet nothing special
yeah all right you're gonna fill it up
to around that much and then you take
your oregano and you would clean these
up she wanna take off the larger leaves
alright once you're done you're gonna
place your cutting in there and that is
it now you're gonna have to wait a few
days and allow it to root and then you
can plant it it's always good to do a
few cutting that way you have good
better success so we will be back soon
once they propagated and root it and
then I'll show you what happens alright
guys it's just in case you're wondering
where I placed the branch and it's just
sitting here under my patio getting good
a few hours of Good Morning Sun you
don't want this in the Sun all day long
but a few hours of indirect sunlight or
Morning Sun it's good enough so that's
where you're sitting in my patio alright
guys it has been exactly five days and
we have progress you see these here
there are roots so you can go ahead and
plant these in slope it actually took
only of three days to to root and then
another few days for the root to get
this long so Cuban oregano is very very
easy to propagate so if you want to make
more of that you can try the same method
you can give them to your friends or you
can just plant more in different places
in your garden but that's pretty much it
it's very very easy to do and in very
little time you're gonna have a ton of
Cuban oregano to use so I hope you guys
enjoy the video if you have any
questions or comments please leave it
below and thank you so much for watching