this cabinet is the original cabinet
that came with the house and it was
brown so I used the enamel cabinet paint
to repaint them I took all the hardware
walked the doors off to paint this part
and now that I've got the doors painted
I'll be putting those back on we did
however replace the countertop and this
was a standard size so it wasn't that
that costly although it was actually a
half-inch a little bit half inch too
long so I had to do some fancy work here
I had to cut part of the wall out and
the countertop actually goes in the wall
and then I had to rebuild the wall
around it because I didn't want to have
to move the whole wall so I just I made
it work so you can't you can't hardly
tell that that there's a problem there
see that you don't see the edge there
but on this other side you can see the
good groove the edge where this is just
butted up against the wall it's quite a
tight fit but we made it work we didn't
want to go with a custom size because
it's a lot more expensive but these
things are so much better what we had
here before were plastic and they were
just absolutely ugly and you can't get
them to look clean this is so much nicer
and it just goes better with my entire
bathroom the type of paint that I'm
using is enamel and it's designed for
cabinets it is an oil-based paint and
what I love about it is it goes on
really smooth since my other table was
occupied
I need another table to paint on you
know I didn't have another table so I
had to create one so I took two TV
stands and I set them apart and then I
put a piece of particle board that I had
you just lay it across and then I
covered it with some paper bags I always
keep my brown paper bags they are great
for covering a surface so that you don't
get paint all over the place
and then we're not gonna paint anything
I don't want that object to stick to the
paper so I brought two boards from my
workshop so that I could just set my
doors on top and that way I have less of
a surface touching you know I don't want
because if I was painting this edge and
now we're laying it on the side it would
be stuck to the paper and we don't want
that here are some doors that I painted
with the enamel paint and I'm just
really impressed with the paint it goes
on pretty smooth I painted two layers of
the paint
I went over at once and then let it dry
and then came back and did the second
layer and make sure it's thoroughly dry
and then you can easily flip the door
over you notice that I have two boards
down there that is to keep it from the
door getting stuck to the paper here
it's just in it's usually a good idea to
kind of remove it a little bit after
you've painted it to make sure it's not
stuck to even that board to paint it I
use this great little roller it's got a
very smooth texture to it and you just
roll it on and it you can get right in
the grooves there I did not have to use
a brush at all this you bro right on top
you can even go right over the edges and
the way that this is shaped you can even
go right in this little groove like that
and it works it worked great so that's
what I use just that I did not have to
use a brush at all to cover the cabinets
and the paint when it dries it actually
dries pretty smooth that I really like
the enamel I hate for the cleaning up
part of it but but I love the the end
product of using enamel paint it is a
semi-gloss a paint for designed for
cabinets and it gives you a nice
finish that you can wipe down with the
claws do you have to be careful of drips
but if you should get some drips it's
smooth it off with steel wool steel wool
comes in different grades
this is coarse and it is a number three
so this might be a little bit too too
coarse
this is very fine steel wool and this is
triple zero
so you can go over even us you can use
this on stained wood even after you've
stained it you can use it on paint and
it can help smooth off any imperfections
that you might have with your paint job
or staining job when working with steel
wool make sure you wear gloves so you
don't get any of those fibers into your
your hands because that could become an
irritant fibers from the steel wool that
I had right here so when you're done
with your your cabinet make sure you go
over it with maybe a damp rag to just
clean up all of those little fibers that
might be left behind especially if
you're going to go back over it and if
you decide to put another layer of paint
where you sanded so make sure it's
cleaned of all of the fibers before you
repaint if you feel like you need to my
painting process I would paint two coats
first I go over each of the doors with
one coat I let that dry a little bit and
I come back and I paint a second layer
and then I give it a sufficient time to
be thoroughly thoroughly dry so it's not
tacky at all maybe several hours and
then I just flip the door over and paint
the other side doing the same thing do
one layer let it dry come back do a
second layer and and I let the whole
thing dry overnight when closing the can
so you don't splatter the paint put a
rag on it
and this is a type of mallet that you
use as a rubber mallet to close it
because you don't want to use a regular
hammer unless I'm not finished painting
with it I want to continue to use it so
I want to take you know good care of
this now working with oil amiable wild
face paint clean up and use paint
thinner and we don't want to soak your
brushes a little bit in the jar and put
your brush in there but don't keep your
brush in there a long time and then just
kind of wipe it off on the rack to get
off most of it you'll want to dispose of
your rags when you're using paint
thinner to wherever you get rid of
chemical waste
[Music]
we do it a second time
using don't yourself
I do not have a crash cone
[Music]
to get peed on you just one thing I
don't like letters in the face
especially
I'm using linseed oil and it takes off
some of it but not all of it it'll take
me a few days to get all this off me
it's thoroughly dried now these doors
they're paint painted last night so I am
ready to put these doors on the cabinets
because they're finished but I'm putting
the doors up I put in one screw the top
hinge and one screw at the bottom hinge
so that I can kind of keep it steady
before I come back and do all the screws
now I just need to do the bottom once
okay
pandas are on now for the doorknob I
don't have to worry about drilling holes
because the holes are already there
because these are the cabinet doors that
came on them before
cabinet doors are finished deck that
color is much nicer than the brown