so let's say hypothetically you're
designing an adventure map or a puzzle
map or anything and you want to prevent
somebody from getting to an area until
they have the specific key in this
example I'm going to use it say key one
so you're doing an RPG style thing so
you find Key One open up here Place key
one so you think okay I'll just uh
randomly pie a piece of dirt in there
see what happens nope door doesn't open
like Okay so this would keep them from
being able to find until they got the
specific key that you wanted named key1
put that in
there they come through door opens like
I said you may have seen this example
shown up in other places before of how
to do a lock like this where it requires
a certain thing but if you'll notice
everything is completely hidden here
minus the dispenser where you put the
actual key in here so I wanted to show
you guys how to do that it's really not
that complicated but it's something I
found quite interesting so I want to
show you guys how to do
that all righty then welcome back here I
went ahead and exposed all of the
secrets behind how this actually works
as you can see it's not really that
complicated but I'll walk you through it
anyway um for starters anybody wanted to
know all I did was to get this say place
key1 I just got a dispenser put it
inside the Anvil which you have to use
experience points to do so I mean at
least you got in creative mode of course
and then rename it whatever you want to
these right here these are just trip
wires they kind of look like keys so a
lot of people use them as there same
thing just put one of them in here name
it whatever you want to take it out and
that's the item of this so if you want
to have some a key named key 1 or key 2
or dungeon key or whatever that's all
there and then just assign iron door so
they can't get through it now let's go
look around on the other side so what
you're going to need for this is a
dispenser I'm using two Hoppers and the
reason I'm using two is because it makes
it lower into the ground if you use just
one that means everything else is going
to be just one block below it and you
start putting dirt on top of it and it
starts cutting off signals things don't
start working the way they want to and
so it's if you want it to be completely
hidden so there's no you can't see
behind the scenes the wires in which
makes it work use two Hoppers just Place
one on top each the other now here's
something you have to do when you're
using Hoppers if you want them to go
into each other you have to hold control
when you actually click to get it to go
on there if you just put this down
here if you just hold on put this right
in here you just throw it like this into
that spot you're going to see it
connects itself into this little block
here so what you got to do is hold
control click and now you see that the
funnel goes all the way down inside here
and since it's attached to this it'll go
automatically down now this is what's
called it's called a redstone comparator
now it works it looks kind of similar to
the redstone repeater it's got the two
little torches here that you that looks
like you can adjust but it's got the one
torch out here that if you're right
clicking you see turns on and off okay
now these things are a little bit
complicated I'm not going to go into
exactly how they work here in this
particular tutorial if you guys want to
see me do a tutorial on how to actually
get them to work then I'll do that
there's a lot of to them there but just
so you know here the spot coming in the
back of it that's the first input here
that's where that's input a the sides
coming out this way and coming out this
way whichever one you're using is
considered input B and that's output so
basically it looks at how much power is
coming into one of the sides and then it
won't release a power out here out the
front out to the output unless the
amount of power going in this side is
more than that and I know that sounds
complicated I know you're thinking the
same thing that I did when I first
looked into like what are you talking
about so redstone torch puts off 15 as
far as like spaces the number of
redstone will go it goes for 15 spaces
so we call that a power 15 so we got the
Redstone it goes 15 in so right now
there's 15 going in here well without
having to go into a whole lot of the
actual math behind it a
hopper has five different spaces here
and in order to get more than 15 or 15
or more power you have to have all the
slots filled
so that's basically how you have this
here this Hopper you can leave
completely empty and this one down here
what you want to do to save space just
use non-stacking items I use wooden
doors they're easy to make they don't
stack you can use if you want to put 64
of an item in each one of these you can
uh wooden do just the easiest that I
always go with because they don't stack
and then over here what you want to do
in this spot is put 63 of whatever it is
that you want to make here so yes this
requires some creative you know workings
and stuff here to make that many items
but the easiest way to do this is once
you have one if you got a uh wheel Mouse
on your mouse just click the wheel Mouse
and boom you got 64 more put it in there
now you need 63 cuz when you get to
64 you heard the door open see it opened
up there cuz now this is putting out as
much power or more than that one so it
lights it up here now let me get this
back out of here so it closes it okay so
that's the basics there just hook it up
this way now make sure this torches off
cuz when it's on like that then it does
it's a subtraction and it's a whole lot
different math here so make sure it's
off from here I have Redstone going out
comes out and comes around here into a
knot gate or an inverter basically so it
means while this is off the other side
is on this is basic Redstone comes into
another knot gate or another inverter
you got two on here that way when this
one's off this one's off and when this
one's on say we go ahead and we put our
magic key in there do open you see now
this one's on it turns this switch off
and then comes over here and it turns
this one on now having this this torch
underneath where the door is actually at
will help it activate it there if you
run just plain Redstone under here it
doesn't go through blocks like torches
do so you won't get the actual power you
need and then all you have to do is just
cover it up with
dirt and of or you know whatever your
material is if you want to cover it up
with something decorative you're doing
for your particular world that's all you
have to do now the only thing that's
kind of a challenge with doing it this
way is that once the door is open it's
open I mean there's nothing in here so
it's not like they can take it out to
close it again so this is kind of one of
those oneway only sort of things once
you're in here that doors open you can't
get it back so if you ever needed to
reset it what you'd have to do is go
back into this bottom sorry bottom
Hopper take out one
item and you're good to go and cover it
back up and now it's closed and then
it's ready to go for however you want to
do this put your one key in there
Tada and that's how you do it if you
have any questions like I said if you
want me to go into an in-depth about uh
how the comparator actually works cuz
it's it's kind of a complicated little
beast you know I'd be more than happy to
make one of those um if you have any
questions like I said don't hesitate to
ask and I'll try and help out oh a quick
question here is you can use stuff like
a chest or you could actually just make
it so that there's one hopper right here
and make them so they put the item in
there um I like the dispenser cuz it's
got a smiley face on the front of it
well mainly just because it's got the
same number of inventory spaces that
like a crafting table does but you can
have a block on top of it if you put a
chest there and stick a block on top of
it like this you can't open it cuz the
lid can't open so it won't let you click
it so as far as Adventure things go um a
dispenser works really good um a dropper
also works so it's just kind of one of
those whatever you want to use there
actually works out and kind of
experiment so if you have any questions
leave them in the comments below you
guys have a good one and I will talk to
you later