hello welcome to redhead artart first
things first subscribed to this channel
don't want to miss out on any crafty
ideas now today we're going to show you
how to make these really fun Hammer bead
bracelets all pear beads or melty beads
in some country so these are these
plastic beads where you need a peg board
more to that in a minute and you can
turn them into bracelets don't they look
nice here we go I'll wear one once we do
the demonstration now um so here
different patterns and different sizes
you just have to make it either tighter
or a little bit shorter for different um
arms but these actually fit all of us so
I think that's quite nice so what you
need is is a peg board you need one of
the large ones you can see this one's
been really used and loved over the
years but you do need a larger one
because um obviously you need to get a
bit further across in order to make your
um your bracelets now I'm just going to
do a really simple one I'm going to copy
um the flower one and I've decided to
make pink little blossoms cuz it's
spring here whilst we're filming this
and I just wanted to replicate that
pattern but obviously you can make it a
bit wider so here I've gone across um
one two three four five lines here it's
three and again this one's five lines um
you can use a square peg board too it
just means the end would be straight and
that's okay so just as long as it's a
large um peg board so first you need to
decide on your design um look up some
patterns online or create your own or
make a real mix colorful one it doesn't
really matter um and then start pegging
so I've done here 1 2 3 four five six
seven flowers and I'm just going to copy
that for EAS sake as you you can see
I've started already my kids would
complain about that CU I love watching
people do the whole process but you know
I also like to prepare a little bit now
whilst I'm finishing this off I've also
got an iron handy and ready to go and
you will also need some
um uh grease prooof paper so that use
for baking that's what you always need
for Hammer beads when you're trying to
iron them to get it you know to doesn't
stick and uh once you've got that ready
you're ready to go here we go that's my
sixth one bit more green so really um
the iron is hening up at the moment so
really just get the amount that feels
right for you you can measure it first
with a piece of paper see how much you
want to have around your wrist um and
then take it from there the Green Piece
I'm on my last flower now and then we're
almost ready to get ironing now with
hammer beads obviously using an ironing
iron to melt them so please please
please have an adult or grownup help
well adult is a grownup help you if
you're um not quite old enough to do
that yourself and get your grownup to
watch this video so they can see how to
do it obviously if you're a bit older
yourself and you're already allowed to
handle the IR or it's your own IR or
your grownup or whatever ignore me but
uh younger people please um only do this
with a grownup if you can so I've got my
seven across and I'm going to move these
beads because obviously I don't need
them and I don't want them falling all
over the place whilst we
areon so we'll just tidy this up a
little bit there we go put them away oh
almost dropped a whole box imagine that
would have been a bit messy right so
I've got my uh board finished now today
I'm going to iron on my special wooden
board I'm allowed to do this cuz this is
my wooden board and I know what I'm
doing when you're doing this home please
use an ironing board with protective
layers this is a special demonstration
one for the internet so don't do it on
any old wooden board don't do on the
floor do it on an iron
board get your uh G paper is a quite big
piece actually but that's okay I'm going
to use both parts now also what you need
to have handy sorry before I start all
night iring I've got a glass here and
this glass is what I'm going to use to
shape it so what before you eye in get
something you know that sort of width
which is sort of kind of wrist width or
or similarish ready because you're going
to need it handy for whilst your
bracelet is still warm so as per the
normal Hamed you just start ironing them
you can
see be careful we have a tendency of
melting our boards it's very easily
done I always sort of look and see how
much it's sticking to my paper and you
can see it's already sticking a little
bit that means it's starting to melt
which is great
so let's see if they're all done don't
take them off the paper you do need to
ah here look stck to my paper that's
great leave it on your paper fold over
cuz what you need to do now is you need
to iron the other side now Hammer beads
are
notorious for breaking the best way whil
your ey you know once you finished it
what the best way for Hammer beads to
never ever break is you have to really
really really melt them both sides like
really really really melt them and that
way you'll get a nice sort of
stiff um you know solid plastic and
whilst it's still hot and I'll be
careful mine is the hot on just touching
the paper you wrap it around your GL can
you see very noisy and you just hold it
for a couple of minutes and then that
will cool down down and be your bracelet
shape obviously you can make it a bit
tighter a bit looser depending on what
you want so have a
look okay I think it's already got the
B move that so you can see it's h got
the glass shape it's already cooler now
so I can handle it and because I can
handle it you know I won't burn my
fingers so just be careful cuz it is it
is hot you have to Ed a very very hot
iron now the other thing to do whilst
it's cooling
is I take some sharp little craft
scissors that I use for for crafting
they're actually nail scissors but my
special I've bought them especially for
crafting and what you want to do is not
at the end but just inside it you want
to make a hole again once it's warm it's
easier once it's heat cooled down a bit
be really hard to make this hole so it's
good to do it whilst it's cooling down
CU this is where you're going to push
your
um your uh threads through your
elastics I'm just do that here as
well and make it as big as you can
doesn't matter too
much and at the same time do keep
reshaping it and reinforcing that shape
because it's melting it's now cooling
into place right so I think we're ready
and why that still cools a little
bit here we go I'm going to get a piece
of
elastic again this is sort of just I
mean got go silver this time normally I
have a nice black one but I think silver
works good too now you have to push that
through I'm going to push it through
using my scissors it's a bit
easier here's your fiddly
bit this is always a bit
fiddly as you can see but it's coming
got it almost have it you can see it
peeping out
already here we go look
got it one
end now I'm going to push it through the
other
end I might just trim that because then
it's not so
fizzy lining it up with a
hole again pushing it
through actually I'm quite liking the
silver quite pleased I didn't have any
black left
it's rather
sweet then I just tie a little knot so
it's tighter or looser depending on who
it's
for like
this go and then just to finish it off I
think it's quite nice that way you can
sort of it's a bit stretchy and it
slides over your arm a bit easier and
then I like to use sort of contrasting
beads to kind of finish off the little
end if that makes sense I'm going to use
pink I think I quite like the
pink have a little pink one
here tie a little
knot these make really I think these
make really fun friendship bracelets so
a not that's big
enough for your Hammer bead not to kind
of roll off that's one trim
that that's just for decorative purposes
obviously and then another one of of
course if you want you can two two
different colors or complete different
color I quite like
them again double knot at the
end and there you
have a hammer bead bracelet or pear bead
bracelet made in well about 10 minutes
cuz I already really practiced um using
an iron how do you what do you think
this is going to be a bit tight for me
cuz I didn't do this tight enough but
this green one does fit me obviously
because I've loosened that a bit so um
but this one will be lovely for my
daughter so anyway I hope you enjoyed
our Hammer be tutorial and that you'll
have a go at making these fantastic
friendships bracelets don't forget to
subscribe to redhead art and see you
again soon bye