alright hey guys this is gonna be a car
maintenance - you should have had my
camera here before because battery was a
lot more full of ass before but why you
can do see the acid all around there
build up I actually cleaned a bunch of
it already it was all caked on there and
thick and so what you do is you get you
get a container with some water in it
and mix about so oh I don't know maybe a
quarter cup of baking soda with the
liter of water or something and I know
the exact amounts don't really matter
anyways what you do with that then is
you you just pour it on you mix it up
good and pour it on
and it will it will bubble away there
now you do it enough time and it'll
clear away the acid there I guess the
idea is that it's a base and so it
reacts with the acid there I don't know
the chemistry of the fascism sings daddy
taught me and that's how you clean up
the acid around the battery terminals
and it just ensures next time you go to
take it off it's not all disgusting a
caked with acid and also ensures that
the contacts are nice and clean so that
you get the maximum life out of your
battery and once you're done this you
could probably even if you really want
to clean it I could take the terminals
off and take a wire brush and put them
back on just to make a really really
nice contact now the negative doesn't
get too bad but it gets a bit of acid on
it but you see you see the green there
and I know how much water left but
anyways that's that's kind of the last
of the baking soda so I'll just leave
that on there and then it might give it
a rinse down a little later but that's
how you can do a sit off your battery it
keeps the contacts clean and it also
keeps it from eating away at whatever
else is near it and next time you have
to take it off
it's not gonna be a bunch of acid on
there for your hands that is your car
maintenance tip for the week do that so
you're you know you could do once a year
take them off take terminals off use a
wire brush use some baking soda and
water you see it bubbling there it
bubbles up when it reacts with the acid
there wash it off and get good contacts
and that way you get maximum life out of
your battery because then it's a it's
charging properly and it's also most
efficiently starting your engine so that
you don't wear it out
battery juice or whatever or you may
think that your battery is getting bad
because it's not cranking your engine
but the reason is because maybe the
contacts are mess so if you clean those
contacts up you can get maximum amperage
being able to be drawn out of the
batteries and be buzzed around and that
may put off your requirement to get a
new battery you know three gear or
something doesn't lengthen it forever
but certainly helps now you can see it's
it's really bubbled up there so I'm
gonna get some more water here and then
I'll show you another rinse here all
right so I don't know if you can see
that I just filled the mine this is a
milk jug actually but later I filled it
up with water again from the from the
hose
it's bobbled up a little bit on top
because it's diluted and stirred up some
of the baking soda that was piled on the
bottom there so yeah I got so you see I
got lots of blue acid on there rinse it
again here you can see nice clean
terminal it gets cuter every time every
time I do it I can see more and more
actual terminal there actual metal yeah
see it but the acid was raped cake
during the bottom of it there
and they can see and see the acid
streaming off of there I'll just pour it
all over and just clean off the top as
much as I can now I could probably keep
at it there and rinse it another time
with some more
all right that's probably good enough
for now it's a lot cleaner that it was
it was a big like I say cloud of caked
on acid there I just happened to see it
because I took the cover off here and I
just replaced the air filter supposed to
probably your altar once a year or
something I I hadn't done it for years
it actually wasn't horrendously bad for
whatever reason it wasn't that bad but
anyways new air filter always helps and
yeah so that should be a good cleaning
of terminals for a little while
you