hey everyone I recently shared on
Snapchat and Instagram that I learned
how to make my favorite Starbucks coffee
drink at home which is a caramel white
mocha and a lot of you guys are asking
me to share the recipe so that's what
I'm going to do today every time I order
this drink from Starbucks it costs me a
little over $5 which is crazy so it is a
little bit cheaper to buy the
ingredients and make it at home I do
consider this drink to be a treat it is
very sweet but it's very yummy so I
don't drink it every single day but I am
very happy that I learned how to make it
at home so let's get started with the
recipe to make this at home Starbucks
caramel white mocha I'm of course going
to need some coffee so I'm just using
the Starbucks decaf House Blend medium
roast K Cups and I'm going to make it in
my curing machine you can use any coffee
that you want I'm choosing to use decaf
because I haven't had a caffeinated
beverage in years I gave up caffeine a
long time ago because it just affects me
really negatively so that's why I'm
using decaf but of course you can use
anything that you want if you're looking
for this specific box of K Cups I did
purchase it at Target I'm also going to
be using some milk I'm using the market
Pantry 2% milk Market pantry is a Target
brand and the reason why I'm using this
is because every time I order this drink
I normally order it from the Starbucks
inside Target and they always use this
Market Pantry 2% milk so that's why I'm
using it I'm also using the Starbucks
caramel syrup and the Starbucks white
chocolate syrup I ordered both of those
online from starbucks.com I will link
them both in the description box below
in case you are interested in ordering
them I will be making my coffee in this
Starbucks plastic Grande Size cup I
recently went into Starbucks and
purchased a $25 gift card for my $20,000
subscriber giveaway which if you guys
haven't entered I will go ahead and Link
that video in the description box below
so you can enter like I said I'm giving
away a $25 Starbucks gift card as well
as a camera and some other fun stuff so
definitely go enter you don't want to
miss out on that so they were super nice
about it and just gave me this cup the
reason why I'm using this cup is because
I know the measurements for this cup I
watch them make it at Starbucks often so
I just use this cup and then I wash it
and reuse it and it works perfectly well
so I'm going to go ahead and get started
and share with you how exactly I make it
the first thing that I'm going to do is
take my cup and add four pumps of the
caramel syrup so 1 2 3 4 then I'm going
to add four pumps of the white chocolate
syrup so one 2 3 4 and I just kind of
swirl it around mix it up a little bit
and then I'll go ahead and put it under
my curig machine and then I'm going to
take my Starbucks decaf House Blend K
cup I'm just going to go ahead and pop
it in here oh I have an old one in here
let's take that out pop that in
there then I can choose this size on
here so I'm going to actually make 6 oz
I just think that works the best so I
need to go down and then it'll start
brewing now that it's done Brewing I'm
just going to take it off and I'm going
to mix everything together with the
straw that I'll be using kind of mix the
syrup in with the
coffee once I got that mixed I'm just
going to take my milk and add that
in make sure you leave room for
ice once you've mixed everything
together just go ahead and add some ice
and of course you could top it with
whipped cream if you choose so that's
how I make my at home Starbucks caramel
white mocha I hope that you guys enjoyed
this video if you did give it a thumbs
up and don't forget to subscribe thanks
so much for watching and I will see you
all in my next video bye everyone