[Music]
hi I'm Dave Epstein welcome to Growing
wisdom and today I'm here with Lee
Thomas and we're going to be talking
about poetas beautiful plants for the
holidays some people say poeta poia you
say doesn't matter just just enjoy the
plant right as with all plant names just
say it okay and tell me a little bit
about the origin of the plant where are
these from where do they grow wild it
was a South American Plant and moved
into Mexico moved into this country
around um the turn of the century
started in California and kind of uh got
adopted as the the Christmas plant how
do you take care of it how do you make
sure that you can keep it alive through
the holidays and maybe even Beyond they
don't like the changes in Co in
temperature especially when it's
intensely cold we insist on putting
sleeves on them before the customer
takes them to their car don't leave them
in the car too long um put them in the
house UNS sleeve them right away you can
get bruising on the Brack these are not
actually flowers these are bra these are
colorful leaves that surround the
flowers the little Nubs inside there
those are the actual flowers if you
overw waterer one time too many it will
die within 3 days uh touch it probably
every 3 days to see how the water is if
it's damp walk away if it starts to look
a little limp water it otherwise wait
until it literally feels dry and then
you water it as long as it's relatively
cool and dry they'll get through the
season uh keep their looks don't let
them touch an icy cold window you can
put them someplace where they're not in
direct light because they've done what
they're going to do they're just going
to rest peacefully until the season's
over uh if you keep them through the
summer they turn into a fairly large
fairly unattractive weed now tell me
about some of the colors and varieties
that we have this year I think that red
as a color is always the PO most popular
we find that again this year there's uh
U two or three different shades of pink
there are uh usually one or two
different varieties of white this one is
known as either Jingle Bells or white
glitter white glitter always really
popular difficult to uh come by it's not
not everyone grows it cuz it's a little
smaller plant strawberries and cream a
cute cute pink uh and yellow one hanging
baskets uh are always popular for the
the total holiday decorating look and uh
tree pointsettias are very popular this
year Well Lee thank you very much this
was real helpful I hope that if you have
Point CIA at your house this year you
get to enjoy it and that care for it and
uh remember to come back every week for
all of our videos tips and more here at
growing wisdom.com
[Music]