all right I got another video for you
guys on showing how the older windows
pull up and down when they go down down
and up function so what the window does
is that when the window goes up it stops
in the middle and comes back down so
when you lift it up it stops
automatically then goes back down this
is for the people that that happen to
this happened to me in the past so I'm
gonna show you guys how to do uh the
power window control unit needs to be
reset so I'm gonna show you guys how to
reset it now it says here turn the
ignition switch to the on to position
which is that that's the on to position
so you turn it to the on T position then
it says lower the window all the way
down with the power window switch you
know the window all the way down then it
says open the driver side door okay now
turn the ignition switch off push down
and hold the power window switch and
hold it down and turn the ignition
switch to the level two position keep
holding down that the power window
switch don't let it go when you turn the
ignition to the second position and then
release the power window switch and the
window should go up okay and you know
the window I'll leave that down with the
window switch okay so I put the window
back up pull up and hold the power
window switch until the window goes all
the way on and keep holding the switch
for once
yeah and that's it and that'll make sure
the auto up-down feature works if it
doesn't work then just redo the steps
that I just told you and it should work
this will work for all T up for the TLS
the MD X's and RDX's this will work
where the window stops in the middle and
then comes back down it's happened to me
in the past and this then in the third I
just want to make a quick video showing
you guys how to fix it how to do it
sitting the automatic windows should
work like this then I'll put it up it
doesn't fall back off you guys have any
questions feel free to ask don't forget
to Like and subscribe
yes my doors and stuff is dirty I have
to steam clean my stereo I have to clean
it it's been a while since I've cleaned
it inside I will get to it don't comment
and don't talk about it because I know
you guys are gonna think something about
it but uh don't forget to Like and
subscribe and if you guys have any
questions feel free to ask and that's it