hey guys welcome back to my channel my
name is Rebecca and today I am sharing
with you how to do this floral backdrop
that you see behind me that I did
recently for my cousin's sweet 16
birthday party I will leave the link up
top as well as in the description box if
you want to check that out it is a
beautiful backdrop for whatever the
occasion a lot of you guys have actually
requested this video for a tutorial on
how to do this backdrop so today I am
getting you that hopefully you will be
able to use it for your upcoming events
as well so for the main floral backdrop
I'm using my lightweight backdrop stand
along with a set of purple sheer
curtains that I'm just gonna gather and
tie with a piece of ribbon at each end
you could use ribbon twine whatever
matches your colors Dollar Tree has tons
of choices a safety pin would be the
ideal way to keep the two purple
curtains secured together up top in the
center or you can make do using the
clamps that we're going to use to help
hold these floral vines and hanging with
stereo flowers in place but if you have
a safety pin that would be just the
perfect way to keep the two of them
closed together in the center for the
flowers I'm using a set of four 6-foot
with stereo garlands I got this on
Amazon and the way that these come
they're kind of intertwined already like
two of them are intertwined and then the
other two which is perfect because we're
going to take the two sets of two and
wind the extra wire ends together and
use a clamp to secure them up in the
center of the pole the clamps can also
be purchased on Amazon I have a set of
like a lighter weight cheaper clamp and
a set of a more heavy-duty clamp I
definitely prefer the black one that's
more heavy-duty and has kind of like a
rubbery tip it's much better and works a
lot better it can hold more things on
the pole and it's just a better clamp
overall the Garland's look kind of cheap
with the bright yellow stem but like I
said they're just kind of providing the
base for this whole thing for us to
twist all the other larger individual
wisteria pieces into so don't worry if
they look kind of cheap and cheesy right
now because you're not really even going
to notice them once all of the other
pieces and flowers are in I think this
looks best when you have a variety of
shades of color so for purple here we've
got lighter shades and darker shades
mixed with
a bit of that off-white creamy color
that you see in there and I think that
that's just gonna work out really well
for you if you're using this for
something like a wedding or for dessert
table at a party or an event where
you're probably going to have let's say
a tablecloth a table runner
maybe bridesmaids dresses or flower
arrangements desserts candles a lot of
times you're gonna find that you're
gonna order something like in purple but
it's good they're not going to be the
same shades of purple so putting your
backdrop together with different shades
of purple and stuff in it it's just
gonna really kind of tie everything
together it's just gonna look a lot more
seamless and flow a lot better when
you've got a lot of shades of purple in
there it's gonna make all of your other
things tie in and look more cohesive
amazon has these three footlong
individual with Styria stems in both
purple and fuchsia colors which could be
really gorgeous together although you
should take note that the stems are
actually like a bright yellow color as
well but these are probably the cheapest
wisteria that I have found either
in-store or online the stems the flowers
are kind of like thin and kind of flimsy
and they're very long stems they're
actually like three feet long I think
this full stem so honestly I didn't
really want anything that long it was
gonna hang down a lot longer than the
ones that you see behind me and I wanted
to see more of the backdrop and the
purple curtains and I didn't want like
three foot long wisteria so what I
prefer using is this 15 stem bunch of
purple wisteria this one is also from
Amazon and you can cut them at this part
here and have five clusters with three
stems each and they'd be a little bit
longer this way but what I'm gonna do is
separate each stem where it connects
here and just use my wire cutters to do
that and this way I've got 15 stems of
flowers that I can twist into the
wisteria Garland's and I think the price
for these was pretty similar to the
other ones that I just showed you when
you compare like the price per stem but
I really like that this set of flowers
has a deeper purple color and the stems
are all actually green and not bright
yellow just because I think it makes it
look a little bit more
allistic so the thing about this purple
with Syria backdrop is that there is not
one perfect way to do it and that's
definitely something worth mentioning I
mean even if I was to take the same
flowers and put together the exact same
thing like ten times in a row I can
pretty much guarantee you that each one
of those times it's going to be a little
bit different because it's just not
really possible to exactly put it
together the same way you're gonna take
your flowers you're gonna have a rough
idea of like where approximately you
want to put them but once it's all said
and done it's probably not going to be
exactly the same it's just something
that you'll need a little bit of time to
put together kind of play with twist the
flowers a little bit see what works for
you what you like what you like the look
of how many flowers you want to do
because you could do this with fewer
flowers if you don't need this many for
your backdrop you could certainly do it
with quite a few more flowers if you
really want like a lot more full look to
it I'm gonna leave everything down below
so you know exactly how many I used of
which ones and that'll make it a little
bit easier for you to plan you really
just have to kind of experiment with it
and see what you like the look of
basically you're just twisting the
floral stems in around each other or
bending them and clipping them into the
clamp the ones from Hobby Lobby have a
much longer stem so with those you can
kind of take the longer stem part and
work it into where you have the clamps I
have the one clamp in the center holding
up the garland and then in between the
center and each side I have another
clamp and what I do with the clamp is
try to position it so that the actual
clamp part is on there facing forward
and the handle part of it is facing
directly backward so that when you
actually look at it from the front you
really don't see the clamp at all
because the handle part is facing
directly backward not up or down because
then you would kind of see it above or
below the flowers so have the handle
part facing backward and then that way
you have kind of a smoother look across
the front and you won't see the clamps
in there and then you're just working in
some of the wisteria the ones from Hobby
Lobby like I said have the longer stem
so you can take those and fit them into
the clamp otherwise the other ones that
have a shorter stem we caught
the wire cutters from the ones from
Amazon those ones you can take and just
kind of twist the end or bend it and
either hook it on the stem of another
one or hook it into the wisteria garland
or you can even twist it into the
garland because you can kind of Bend and
position these flowers a little bit and
you can certainly bend the stems of them
so that is what I do and how I kind of
anchor them in by making a little twist
around the stem of another one that's
either clamped in or tied in on the
garland and that way it's going to stay
in place and they're all going to kind
of stay in position one thing I can
point out for you guys is that I have a
white one here a white one here a white
one here and then a white one over there
and so there's four white ones I think I
have in here oh I have one up on the top
here as well I have two on this side and
one on that side I think ideally I would
have had two on each side and then one
on this portion one in this half of it
let's call this the center and then one
half and the other half so I have one in
this half and one on this half as well
as you can put two on each side which
would give you a total of the six stems
of the white wisteria then for this
shade that you see hanging in the middle
this is more of like a magenta color
stem kind of a magenta purple I have one
two three and four at that end so
there's four of those although I think
ideally I'd probably go with five so I
would say six white five of the magenta
ones for this deeper shade purple one up
here I have four of these stems one two
three four across you could certainly go
with six and add an additional one down
the side however you want to do it this
one here also has a little more of like
a yellowish green color leaf to it the
flowers are a little more textured and I
have one over here and one in that half
so variety in the shades and textures of
the purple is going to be key for this
and then go for a symmetrical look as
much as you can whether that means
equally across where they're all about
the same length and then maybe longer on
the sides or if you want to angle it
more where it's shorter in the center
and
kind of arches down longer to the
outside you can do it that way too
so just try to keep it looking kind of
even and balanced as you go along and
you can always pull one out and say no I
don't really like it there and move it
over and twist it in somewhere else or
use the clamp to hold it in if you want
to use I have three clamps across the
top but you could easily do one more on
each end this is your first time doing
this I would suggest giving yourself at
least a couple hours to get this done I
think three hours is a good chunk of
time to give yourself just in case
anything goes wrong or it takes you a
little bit longer figuring out how to
twist them in or any other delays
cutting the flowers positioning them you
don't want to be rushing at the last
minute for your event for my cousin's
sweet 16 it worked out really great
because I was actually able to go and
set this up the morning before the event
so we had plenty of time there was no
rush and the more that you kind of play
with the flowers and see where you want
them to be just twisting them in or you
know positioning them trying to get it
balanced step back take a look and see
what should I move where which side is
looking better it's something that you
really have to just spend a little bit
of time to make it look good there's no
easy simple like one two three just do
that and it's done you know you have to
kind of design it as you go but it's
really not that hard you especially if
you save a picture you know take a
screenshot or something of this and
you'll have that to like kind of look at
and see what you're trying to copy but
whatever you decide to do like I said
try to keep it symmetrical so even let's
say you decide I don't want any of the
white or I want all the same shade of
purple you want to have approximately
the same number of stems on each side
you want to keep approximately them the
same Heights matching to each side and
the same colors if you have this color
on this side here put a similar one on
the opposite side in the same position
so that it just kind of gives it a more
balanced look and that is going to make
it all come together for you one other
side note if you're setting this up
outside it would be a really really good
idea to define some way to anchor the
bottom whether that's putting bags of
sand on the stand lay
of the tripod for the backdrop here or
if that's hanging the sandbags on it or
even if it's anchoring it up if this is
gonna be like up against some kind of
wall or table or something like that you
might be able to anchor it to it but
it's a really good idea if you're using
these purple curtains because they
literally act like sails and if there's
wind it's going to catch the wind and
just want to blow down for sure it's
gonna want to totally blow away on you
if you're just doing it with the flowers
you might decide you know I just want to
add some extra flowers in make the
flower part a little more full and skip
the purple curtains and in that case
your stand is a lot more likely to stay
up I would still suggest you consider
using some kind of sandbag or weight on
it just to make sure that it is going to
stand if you're doing it outside and
then like a big gust of wind comes
through but it's a lot more likely to
stay standing if it's just the flowers
then if you have these curtains because
they just really really catch wind that
leads me to one other thing I also
wanted to mention I don't have my
twinkle light curtain with me today that
I used for my cousin's sweet 16 so with
that one on the white part of this
backdrop we had white twinkle lights and
all you need to do if you want to do
that I'm using the heavyweight backdrop
stand and I have two long heavyweight
solid white curtains on that one and I
have that set up behind the purple ones
here right and all you need to do is
take that twinkle light curtain I'll
leave it linked down below so you guys
can see which one it is and check it out
if you're interested but all you need to
do with that curtain is take the top
strand and it basically just has
individual strands of twinkle lights
hanging down right I think they go nine
feet long you're gonna put one strand
over the front one strand over the back
one strand over the front one strand
over the back and just keep alternating
it that way and that way the whole thing
is just gonna lay down across the top
and stay in position and then you don't
want to really see the wires right the
ones that hang down on the front side of
this white curtain and the solution for
that for me doing a dessert table this
worked perfectly all I did was take
a set of two sheer white curtains and
lay them over the top of the one in the
back the heavyweight stand that has
those big white drape curtains on it and
lay it over top of the twinkle lights on
there they won't really come all the way
to the floor but that doesn't matter if
you have your dessert table in front of
it but I'm hoping to actually do a fall
backdrop and I will try to show you guys
more of how to do the lights in that
video in the meantime I hope that this
helps you out thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you've enjoyed this
video if you did please don't forget to
give it a thumbs up I will have
everything linked down below so anything
that you want to check out what I used
and how many of them and where you can
find it everything will be in the
description box and leave me a comment
down below any thoughts concerns
questions I love hearing from you guys
and I always do my best to get back to
you and answer any questions as soon as
possible I love you guys and I'll see
you soon in the next one bye