I've been asked to do a series of
illustrations on spiritual themes and
I've decided to do them in a
storytelling style this is one of my
pencil sketches which wasn't quite large
enough when I finished it so I scanned
it in my computer and print it off a
little bit larger and I've chosen to do
the illustrations in Penan II on vellum
the reason is partly of course so that I
can trace them but with a light table I
could have traced it on opaque paper
more because it gives me just the
texture that I need to do my cross
hatching I'm going to be using the old
fashioned pen and ink a larger quill pen
to do the outline and a tiny crow quill
pen to do the cross hatching let me show
you a couple of finished illustrations
that I've already done this one showing
the concept of Hope which if you look
carefully you'll see hope there in a
ways and this one being on the concept
of faith here's the kind of cross
hatching I'm going to end up with it's
quite fine quite detailed takes a lot of
time and creates this beautiful texture
before I get a dollar to work without a
piece of the same vellum that I'm going
to be drawing on over here to the side
that I can practice making sure that the
pen is functioning just the way I wanted
to you'll see even as I'm turning the
pen upside down to get different widths
of line that's why I'm not using a
repeater graph or a technical pin for
this illustration because I want the
freedom of doing
thick and thin lines is you see me doing
there
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I have finished the first layer of
cross hatching all the lines going in
the same diagonal direction covering a
large portion of the illustration the
second layer will go in the opposite
direction and cover slightly less area
than the first
[Music]
[Music]
so the second phase of my cross-hatching
is finished the first phase went at one
angle as you can see and then the second
went at the opposite angle now the third
layer of cross hatching is going to go
at a 45 degree angle or horizontal
[Music]
so here's a section of the illustration
that has cross-hatching going in three
different directions
the next cross-hatching I'm going to do
will be essentially a vertical and that
will be my fourth layer cross section
I've decided to switch over at this
point to a repeater graphic pen this is
what is it a triple off to think three
zero four paragraph pen and undo that
even though the lines are slightly
heavier than the pen that I have been
using it's okay because with each layer
of cross hatching the impact or the
significance the darkening effect of
each layer gets diminished so it's okay
for the lines at this point to start
getting just a little bit heavier
[Music]
here now if you will is a another form
of cross hatching that I would call
scribble cross hatching if there's an
area in the drawing that I want to have
a particular texture I'll just move my
pin as you see me doing here in a
squiggly pattern these are supposed to
be roots hanging down from the overhang
above and you know what roots are like
they're all a tangled mass so I think
it'll look a little bit more like roots
if I do this random kind of cross
hatching let me take just a minute and
explain something here I think you're
understanding this but I want to be as
clear as I can cross hatching has a
direction or a grain the first layer of
cross hatching if the grain goes this
way then the second layer of cross
hatching I will do at a 90 degree angle
to that then at least theoretically the
third layer of cross hatching will go at
a 45 to that and then the next fourth
layer of cross hatching will go at a 90
degree to that last one so now I have
lines going in four different directions
does that make sense okay once you're
done with the fourth layer however it
gets a little bit complicated either you
have to try to calculate the distance
between these two angles and do
something like this which I do sometimes
but honestly what usually happens is
that in the course of doing four layers
of cross hatching one or the other will
get slightly off they won't all be
perfect like this so there be as I look
at it very closely there'll be one angle
that is just a little bit more open
it has more open spaces and that's what
I'll fill in so that's what I'm about to
do here and finally the last layer of
cross hatching in this darkest are these
darkest areas I've thrown my neat
orderly careful strokes to the wind and
I basically just come in here and
scribble away just the way if you were
child doing a coloring book and coloring
in the lines you would just scribble
back and forth to get the color is got
to do wanna
[Music]
[Music]
you
you