[Music]
hi I'm Cassandra alen Brown from bags by
Cab in Denver Colorado bagsby cab.com
and today we're going to talk about how
to shorten a long handbag strap so let's
get started there are numerous handbags
out there and a lot of different
textures and fabrics and materials so
the first one that comes to mind to me
is one that is a handcrafted handbag
this is a a fabric that you can get at
your local um fabric shop in your area
and the handle on this as you can see is
really long so let's say you made this
handbag and you want to give it to
someone who may be a shorter than you
are so you're going to need to shorten
this long strap this is a very simple
process it's real easy um as you can see
there's a seam here the handbag is sewn
with your traditional uh sewing machine
so all you have have to do is there's
about an inch insert here for the handle
you can just simply remove your stitches
right there take the handle out then
you're going to cut off however many
inches it is that you're wanting to
shorten it then reinsert that handbag
strap into the side and then just put it
back on your sewing machine of course
with the same thread and everything and
just restitch it back up and then you'll
have a shorter handle uh shorter strap
the next one um are for your uh
manufactured handbags this is a long
handbag strap here and what's really
nice about this one as you can see it
has the hardware on it where you can
adjust the strap so that's very doable
just take it and readjust it to the
length that you were wanting it to be so
that's easy to do um the next one that
I'd like to show you is this one here
it's got this really nice gold
chain and I would just simply either
take it to someone that can um you know
specialize in handbags where they can
you know take that chain take a couple
of the links out of it so that it can be
shortened to whatever you want it to be
and then as you can see here it's just
reinserted here on the side it's very
easy see and then you just take it after
you remove the links out that you're
wanting on both sides and then just put
it back in so that's nice this one right
here is really really really long and
this is a manufactured bag also but when
you open it here you can see that you
have a couple of options and one of them
with this really long uh shoulder strap
is that when you take this off because
it just connects here you
can see if I can get this one
off you can take this to uh one of those
professional handbag places that repairs
and then they can just shorten this
chain for you see how it kind of
resembles a necklace they can do that
maybe even a a professional Jeweler
Jeweler that you go and have your
jewelry repaired because that's kind of
like what this reminds me of and then
you would just simply put it back on and
make it the length that you want so
those are a few options on how to
shorten a long um strap on a handbag I'm
Cassandra Allen Brown from bags by
cab.com
in Denver Colorado and thank you for
[Music]
[Applause]
watching