this is weird is your car accommodate
mannequin head people hmm this is the
new me
horrifying hey guys so some of you may
remember when I did my recreating tic
TOCs videos then I've said I wanted to
get a full mannequin head to recreate
some of those tic TOCs because I thought
they were so funny and lo and behold I
went to pax out and one of you gifted me
this foam mannequin head that's kind of
hard so there you go your camera focus
on the details there we go let that
mannequin head shine if you're the
person that gave me this mannequin head
thank you so much I am so sorry I
remember exactly what you look like but
I cannot remember what your name was so
let me know in the comments below if
that's you or let me know on Twitter so
I can rightfully credit you for this but
yeah I was given a mannequin head and
then light bulb went off I should make a
video about this mannequin head so first
I was gonna do a straight-up recreating
a mannequin head tick-tocks
but then all of my tapes house video has
got copyright claimed by various
institutions like no matter what I do
even if I cut out copyright music I get
copyright claimed so I was wondering
what else could I do with this mannequin
head that would warrant a video where I
get to wear this mannequin head and then
I thought it's been a while since I've
done a 24 hour challenge so that's
what's gonna happen today
24 hours of doing various activities
wearing this mannequin head and yes I
will be making a tick-tock with the
mannequin head so that's still part of
it but I'm gonna be making my own not
recreating somebody else's because it's
just not safe to do anymore
without a sponsor alright mannequin head
Lauren appearing in 3 2 1
alright that wasn't as flawless as like
so much of a transition because I became
a lot taller but this is the new me the
warranty side channel has officially
become ridiculous also side note do not
try this at home I am a trained
professional weirdo I don't want another
bird box challenge going on
alright now time to show Bobby I can
kinda see through the hood a tiny bit
what it's light enough so there we go
alright
going hey Bobby yo where are you what
are you doing hello this is me today
it's on your hood and you see oh my god
okay oh wait I wasn't turned around but
just hey where are you there
ya can't say that's now we mannequin
head people I can't see yeah I know you
got a got a head in your head oh do you
like it you look awesome
yay what should we do everything Dexter
do you like the new me
is my head oh god how am I even looking
at him to see here yeah oh yeah that's
him okay sorry Dexter okay I know it's
tough being a YouTube dog what should we
do today um I have to go pick up my car
from the auto body all right
I'll Drive what yeah how you can't even
walk we're good
my head on is it on is it good yeah
that's on alright where's my keys are
you ready no why are you driving you
can't drive it's the mannequin head
challenge not that okay
I mean we have to be able not to do it
I'm just gonna do it we're gonna go
alright go ahead you don't have shoes on
I get shoes on yeah this feels fancy is
this mine yeah is it yeah Dexter hi
is this turning into like the bird box
challenge oh my god is this the right
one nope you know my shoe it's the wrong
foot it works though going but that's my
shoe
I need to wear that your eyes I know
it's so bright out there oh I can see
it's so white no boy
yes it's very icy not drive yeah you
gotta slip outs I see
oh boy oh boy oh god no save mommy Oh by
neighbors hard out
don't try this at home oh no oh I'm
having issues it's okay I'm just gonna
like move the seat back I'm just gonna
move the seat back a kid intense plauche
oh yeah this is gonna work oh yeah I'm
going I told you it's been really good
see I can kind of see it house I'm
driving No
yeah never let me do anything fun and
danger akika now hold on you've lost
your head I want Starbucks bed all right
fine
[Music]
all right hello sir this is weird is
your car accommodate mannequin head
people why does it seem not it oh no
it's pretty quickly we're just gonna fix
is at the gate up just zooming into we
look so sad I can't see anything
and back to crazy Lauren mannequin head
can't see
I want grande iced green tea lemonade
okay cuz I'm sweating it is tough being
a mannequin thanks for driving we
probably would have died yeah can't see
it would have been the last video man
this would have been the last video guys
by the way did you know I was nominated
for a shorty award this is why it's
highly this one of the coldest days a
year can I have two grande iced tea
lemonade
I didn't realize I'm just really hot
yeah we turn the heat up in our cars but
now we're hot on the drive over we were
trying to see if other cars realize what
was happening it's a more beautiful
flawless version of me I have zero flaws
zero features zero you are zero you are
the jet you're truly genderless your
personal agenda as you are I am under
one Knoll you are no no yes I can I have
two grande iced or grete iced green tea
lemonade's unsweetened that's it Thanks
I'm so nervous they can't even see me
I'm so excited for Starbucks I don't
know how I'm gonna consume it though I
don't know
yeah good how are you
hey one moment thank you I'm so excited
for do I look excited
no you're no thank you - you didn't say
anything about me no cuz I'm no inside
she's probably oh god no another no
another mannequin person the mannequin
challenge is spreading I can't look at
the ice up in here we've got no eyes I
got no eyes they're both the same right
yes once there's no anyone says Bobby
okay is that my new name no no no Lauren
notes I don't mind the random eyeball
coming out of my chest
totally normal mmm that delicious what
is my life vote for Lauren shady Awards
2019 Thank You shorty awards for
recognizing my talent and skill and
class all right so no 24 hour challenge
would be complete without trying to cook
food of some kind and this is gonna be
interesting so I'm in the mood for some
soup and thank God I have this like
prepared soup ready so we just need to
try and keep this up and what goes
delicious with tomato soup why grilled
cheese but I don't have actual bread as
always when I film these videos for some
reason so we're gonna try and make it
out of hamburger buns and let's see how
this goes and hope it won't burn the
house down
damn damn also I didn't set up my
professional lighting because I didn't
want it to watch out my perfect and pure
face yes this is time to make food all
right I have to try and crouch down
because I'm so tall tall people problems
am i right something I thought I'd never
have to say here we go ready can kind of
see right I think that's enough soup
task 1 completed hey yeah cheese cheese
has been acquired now becomes the hard
part heat and weak Oh got some butter
plus some butter melt that down
delicious
give myself at a time a little alcohol
so you know I don't accidentally destroy
things but okay
at this little hamburger bun keep
banging my head into the cabinets my
mannequin head not my actual head spread
some butter on the bread and I guess
I'll use this
we got the cheese I'll work it out I
need to make sure I don't place it in
the pan okay gonna put too much cheese
up but whatever that's not even a thing
now
keep hitting my head okay meanwhile the
soup he used to go in there good good
yay this is legitimately like the bird
box challenge because people have the
blindfold on you could kind of see out
of it this is like I can kinda see out
the hoodie all right grilled cheese is
done soup is done oh god it's hot oh
this is a bad idea
okay here's the grilled cheese good you
have me got tomato soup inside of
grilled cheese for me yeah man kid
Laurens gonna go eat now okay sitting to
eat and even got some of my Starbucks
left where's my mouse there we go yes
grilled cheese mmm delicious Wow
so good the camera angles are always so
weird your kids see anything under yours
too tall soup hmm oh my god it's making
a mess oh let's make a mess mmm
delicious
greatest idea I've ever had for sure I
definitely don't regret this decision at
all don't pay attention to my neck mouth
I definitely can't eat soup like this
it's gonna burn my face mmm no big deal
just feeding my neck face I got this is
fine still a tie well I have a window
that I'm facing that looks directly at
my neighbor's house
I really wish they were looking out
their window so I just be like hello
just your friendly neighborhood
mannequin head person feeding their
their neck hole face it's all good
use hamburger buns for grilled cheese
it's delicious dip some in the soup oh
yeah alright so basically I came in here
and prepped everything to film a
tick-tock and then it started to snow
squall outside so I asked Bobby to grab
my phone and record a video of me
dancing like this in the snow squall and
it ended up being an amazing tick-tock
so I'm going to show you the footage of
that right now
oh my all right I think we got it
okay so the music makes it a thousand
times funnier but obviously I can't play
the music even for two seconds because
of copyright claims so here you go and
you want to see the actual tick-tock
with the hilarious music then you have
to go to my tick-tock which is in the
description but as Lauren Z side whitey
and the caption is this is what I sent
to my mom which whatever she asked me to
move to Florida
so yeah tick tock completed for the day
and basically I end my wednesdays
normally doing a live stream over on my
twitch which is also linked in the
description below but I thought it would
be hilarious to try to play on the
stream with my mannequin head so I put
the headphones on it's making it kind of
heavy and like falling all over the
place so I'm just gonna have to hold it
like this I'll just pretend like I'm
really into what I'm listening to and
we're gonna see what everybody in the
chat thinks cuz I haven't said anything
about this I'm just gonna sit quietly
like this for as long as I'm able
without it being too awkward alright
let's see how this goes
oh hello I did not realize the
microphone is off but that made it even
scarier so perfect by the way I plan to
record all of your reactions from the
past minute for a video so thank you for
all the oh my guns
you guys did swimmingly this is the new
me Bobby yeah Andy over here
no need help filling out your Oh so
we're almost done with this his family
over yes it all is gonna go away why
don't you like no cuz it's weird you're
just an emotionless genderless nothing
face like it's just weird this is what's
cool people like this hold on
well I'll make you better right how you
gonna make it better how great is this
better my god that is horrifying
you wanted features no that is worse if
I take the mouth off and flip it I can
show what I'm said no no this is bad I
don't like this no this is horrifying
Dexter what do you think huh yeah it's
good boy get it attack no Lee all right
is this the end of null yeah thank god
this is over with no Nola's not goodbye
I bid a very happy goodbye to null all
right guys well if you guys like no I
like Noah think think he is pretty or
know the word I'm looking for horrifying
pretty amazing that makes you leave a
like on this video subscribe if you're
new to the channel I put out new videos
almost every single day and usually just
as weird this may be the weirdest though
I'm s
yeah does that do sounded good at the
start but now I'm just like questioning
all of my life choices as I'm filming it
but usually those the videos that do the
best and yeah I will see where's the
face see you guys soon bye Knoll
[Music]