[Music]
so you want to save some money on
washing detergent I can help
you you know I spend a lot of time out
in the garden and you can imagine I rack
up a lot of dirty clothes so I'm always
thinking what are some ways to cut cost
and actually take a more natural
approach to taking care of some of those
household chores like doing the laundry
well what I want to show you here are
two different opportunities to create
your own well laundry detergent one is a
powder form and the other is a liquid
form I don't know they're two different
camps some people go for liquid some go
for powder we're going to start with the
powder form first and there really only
three ingredients but what you want to
do is take a bar of just basic soap you
don't want oils in it or fragrances
basic basic basic so what I'm using is
Dove soap and I'm just taking this great
and what I want to do is I want to grate
this down it's really finely grated like
this almost like snow now if you have a
better way to Great soap than what I'm
using here which is my kitchen grater
I'd love to hear about it as I said this
recipe is really simple so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to set this
over to the side basically what you want
to do is you want to start with one bar
of soap here we go one bar of
soap and then I'm going to take a full
cup of Super Washing Soda
pouring that in there and then a half a
cup of
borax now I'm going to blend all that
together and you have a super duper
recipe for getting your clothes very
very clean all right now I used to use
powder now I use Liquid I'd be curious
what you use and why now for the liquid
form takes about the same number of
ingredients but you don't have to put so
much elbow grease into grating the soap
so uh let me show you how to do that you
want to start with just an empty gallon
jug because this recipe makes a gallon
and all you're going to do is take three
ingredients plus water and add to it so
what I'm using here is some dishwashing
liquid and I'm using Dawn dishwashing
liquid and I'm using the blue liquid all
right with that in there what I'm going
to do is take three tablespoons of the
Super Washing Soda and then the other
thing that we're going to use we're
going to use some borax and we're going
to use the same amount of borax only 3
tablespoons so here we go I'm going to
pour that in hopefully I won't lose too
much of it there's the
borax now what I want to do is I want to
make sure that all of that liquid is in
there and I want it to all dissolve and
the best way to do that is use some
tepid to warm water what we're going to
do here is we're going to add 4 cups of
water that's
warm here we
go which you have that together just pop
on the lid and make sure it's firmly
secure then you want to shake this
up so you do get a little exercise here
you can see how foamy it is very good
for your clothes all right and pop this
off now I have to do is fill this up now
don't be alarmed by all these Suds when
you use this in the washing machine it
won't Suds up like this and you can
actually use this in some of those High
efficient the close washers so the idea
is just to fill this all the way up I
lift a little space at the top just want
to turn this upside down just to make
sure that everything is into solution
looks very good now what you'll find is
that this is very affordable it's a
fraction of the cost of what you would
buy in the store so you have to be
wondering how much of this stuff do you
use well you don't have to use a lot for
instance with the liquid you're only
going to use about a half a cup to a
Full Cup
and with the powder well only two
tablespoons hey if you find these uh
homemade detergents helpful I'd love to
hear from you you may have your own
recipe I'd love to know that too tell a
friend about what we're doing and make
sure you subscribe to ehal home Okay I'm
going to do some laundry
[Music]
now
[Music]