[Music]
hey guys I'm Ed Kimber the boy who bakes
and I make baking videos every single
Friday so hit that subscribe button and
click on the notification Bell to be the
first to be notified when my new videos
and recipes come out today's recipe is
one that you have been requesting I
posted a picture of this test recipe a
couple of weeks ago and you sent me tons
of messages asking for a video how to
make it so that's what today is going to
be all about it's how to make the
perfect pav over so for this recipe you
only need a couple of ingredients you
need some egg whites you need some Cass
some lemon juice some corn flour and a
little bit of vanilla and then for the
topping you're going to use some double
cream and then a whole bunch of fresh
fruit so one of the main tips for a
pavalova is all to do with the egg
whites now the best thing to use is old
eggs so not eggs that you've had lying
around for weeks and weeks but eggs that
aren't Super Fresh because when they're
really fresh they don't whip up as
easily so you don't get as much volume
so slightly older egg white is key and
then the other part that is different
from normal merang is how you make it so
we're going to add a little bit of acid
in the form of uh lemon juice I'm not a
fan of vinegar which most recipes use
because I think you can taste it whereas
lemon juice actually has a sweetness to
it so it's quite nice and then corn
flour and we're going to mix those in at
the end because that will give it the
real Marshmallow texture that the paavo
is known for now the other tip when it
comes to your bowl this is a metal Bowl
it needs to be super spotlessly clean so
I'm going to take one of the lemons and
rub it over around the inside of the
bowl because that gets rid of any excess
fat that might still be on the bowl and
it gets it means the egg whites will
whip up really nice and full the other
thing that you need to have ready is
your baking tray so nice large baking
tray and on the back of the parchment I
have drawn a circle just an 8 in circle
and that means that I know roughly where
I'm trying to spread my merang mixture
it's a real Rough Guide it doesn't
really matter what the size of this is
but it gives you something to aim for
which helps when you're trying to get a
really nice pretty pretty p so the first
stage is to whisk up our egg whites so
we're going to put all of the egg whites
into the mixer in one go and then what
we're going to do is we're going to
whisk that on medium speed until we've
started to form a nice kind of almost
merang looking mixture it'll start off
where it looks like really big bubbles
and really loose and there's still kind
of a wet mixture on the bottom and then
it will tighten up and the bubbles will
come really nice and small and it's like
almost like the bubbles on top of a bath
it's really nice and fluffy and then we
can start adding the sugar in a tables
spoon at a time and once it's all mixed
we're going to whisk that until it
becomes really nice stiff and glossy and
then what we're going to do is we're
going to add about 2 TPO of lemon juice
and 2 TPO of cornflour add those to the
mixture whis those to combine and that
is our merang mixture mix you also are
looking for the sugar to be fully
dissolved if you rub some of the mer
between your fingers and you can still
feel the sugar grains it's not going to
be quite there and that also means that
you might get that weeping of sugar
those little bits of kind of sugar syrup
that come out of the R so nice slow
medium speed so that it gets time to
dissolve the sugar and still gets that
really nice glossy
[Music]
[Applause]
Peak okay now that amang is really nice
and stiff and glossy and if you rub it
between your fingers no sugar grains we
can
add the cornflour and the lemon juice
and our vanilla so what we're going to
do is add the cornflour
and then we're going to add 2 tpoon of
lemon juice obviously do it into a
separate container first because we
don't want to add any of the
seeds now a lot of recipes will say to
use the vinegar and that's absolutely
fine but I do
prefer lemon juice cuz it tastes nicer
simple as that and then add about a
teaspoon capful of vanilla extract and
that's just again for a little bit extra
background flavor and just wh that
through until that's nice and
smooth so now that our merang is done we
need to spread it onto our baking tray
now this is where uh people sometimes
don't get the prettiest and Rough and
Ready is absolutely fine but I'm going
to show you how to do something a little
bit more pretty and a little bit more
sophisticated almost so what we're going
to do is take a large spoon and we're
going to put the merang inside our
Circle that we've drawn now try and keep
it nice and piled high it will look
ridiculously high but having it in that
central portion means it'll be much
easier to get a really pretty round
shape so I'm going to use an offset
spatula and we're just going to very
carefully push it down and then keep
kind of moving it
around so that we get it nice it's all
kind of filling in that Circle and it
doesn't matter if you go outside the
circle too much but do try and keep it
in that Circle and all that's going to
do is it means we know
the size we're aiming
[Music]
for so what I tend to do is smooth it
out like you're decorating a cake like
you're smoothing a
cake like
so so the sides are really nice and tall
and smooth and then we can start with
a
decorative
side I'm just going to literally
draw with the side of the
spatula along the outside edge like this
now these will puff up so I make them
quite deep so that when it bakes you
still get the definition
[Music]
now once it's done you can totally leave
these Peaks if you want I'm going to
leave them or you can actually kind of
brush them back in but that's
basically that's basically the mixture
now what we're going to do is this is
going to go in the oven has been
preheated to 130° C and we're going to
leave that in there for 10 minutes and
then reduce the temperature to 90° C and
leave that in for a total of about an
hour and a half until there's a nice
crisp but still white shell and it feels
firm but it's not got any kind of
softness to it and that means that
you'll get that nice crisp outside and
that beautiful marshmallow inside now
that pav lover is in the oven there is
nothing more for me to do so I'm going
to make myself a cup of tea and I'll see
you in 2 hours so once the pav L has
baked we're going to turn the oven off
and leave it in there to cool down fully
the reason for this is if we bring it
out of the oven now let it cool room
temperature the shock of the coolness of
the room is going to make the pav over
crack and kind of crumble so we need to
leave it in there let it cool Co down
nice and slowly now that it's made we
can actually get on with filling it and
eating it to fill the apple of it we're
going to use basically just double cream
and then a whole bunch of different
fruit I also have some passion fruit to
kind of drizzle over the top now these
are two different fion fruits question
is do you know which one is better which
one is going to taste better the really
smooth one or the really wrinkly one the
answer is the wrinkly one smooth ones
are fine but they don't have the good as
flavor and they don't have as much juice
juice to them so use ones that are
wrinkly if you don't have wrinkly one
that's fine leave it in your kitchen for
a week and it will become much lunier
and it will release much more juice and
just tastes a lot better so all we're
going to do take our double cream pour
that into a mixer and then just whis
that until it's really nice soft P we
don't want anything firm nice and
soft now with a pav I tend not to flavor
the cream uh with any sugar or anything
else mainly because the pav is going to
get all it sweetness from the actual
merang itself so it doesn't really need
any so all we're going to do is take our
soft cream fill that hole that we made
and then top that with
berries so I have a mixture of
raspberries and blueberries and cherries
and strawberries and we're just going to
mix those all over the place in no
specific pattern just nice and
[Music]
randomly right let's cut into it and see
what I finish Pao is
white super crisp but fluffy inside is
the
aim so for me the perfect pav of it is a
nice crisp shell on the
outside and a nice marshmallowy middle
let's give this a
[Music]
go so the middle is like soft light
marshmallow then the beautiful kind of
CR merang on the outside perfect perfect
summer
dessert so that is how you make pav I
know that's a short video but that's
because Pavo it's very very easy and
also something that everybody can have a
go at so the recipe will be in the link
in the corner of the video um and you
can leave me a comment down below if
there's anything else you want to see in
an upcoming video