[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel so
for this week's video it's gonna be a
short and sweet one I have just been
working on little projects around the
house and this is one of the tasks that
I had to do and I figured I might as
well make a video out of it I know that
other people have to suffer from their
couch cushions getting deflated and
looking a little sad and unhappy so this
is a quick tutorial on what I personally
do to fluff them up there's two ways you
can do it one most people probably know
about it is just to fluff it up with
your hands or your feet I find that the
feet work better because it's less
effort to punch something but if you'd
have aggression punch away the second is
to use polyfill to stuff it up but
without further ado let me show you how
I reflow my couch cushion so this is
what my couch looks like before after a
couple years of use that pillow start to
look a little sad and plated just from
using them
[Music]
this is what it looks like
after you've stepped on them or punched
them to reflect them but as you can see
here they just are still a little bit
saggy on the corners
[Music]
now I simply unzip the cushion from the
bottom if there's not an opening you can
cut an opening into the lining so to
stuff them you want to run your hand in
there and try to push the stuffing into
the empty spaces that's already in there
and then with your new polyfill you want
to fill in the empty areas that you just
created the key here is not to clump up
the polyfill before you stuff it in
there you want it as fluffy as possible
if you clump it up before you put it in
there it'll make a lumps now on my
particular cushion I have two zippers
one on the bottom and one on the back
and I just repeat the same process cut a
little hole and adjust the stuffing
inside and just play it by feel and
stuff where you need to
[Music]
and this is what it looks like all fully
staffed
[Music]
thank you guys so much for watching I
really hope this tutorial helps you guys
out I hope this helps people reef loved
their couches everywhere but anyway I
hope you guys all have amazing weeks and
I'll see you guys next Wednesday for
another video bye guys
[Music]