this is a quick video to show our
customers how to properly install our
igk equestrian footing the first and
most important thing when it comes to
installing footing is to have a proper
base you need a rock-hard base that will
not be damaged from the many different
construction vehicles driving over it we
suggest a stone dust base directly below
our footing
in order to get a salad based it will
need to be watered and rolled with a 10
ton roller and rolled and rolled again
once the base is prepared it's time to
place the pudding our footing will
either be delivered to you in industrial
bags weighing roughly 2500 pounds or
bulk shipments in this outdoor arena
eight dump trucks were delivered with
our lights dried footing
certainly the farthest end of the arena
preferably use a Trax gives deer to
spread the footing in this specific
example they are feathering the footing
from the far edge in when feathering the
footing it is important not to drive
over the footing while spreading it
it should not be compacted at this time
it is also important to make sure you
are not spreading too much or too little
footing using measuring stick with the
proper depth highlighted and check the
depth of the footing once the correct
depth is confirmed use the skid steer
bucket to start the leveling process
some of our customers choose to feather
the entire arena then using roller to
level and compact other customers have a
laser level skier that will level the
surface for you after the entire arena
is filled in it will need to be
compacted with a 10 ton roller the level
should be checked throughout the arena
and adjusted if needed
once the arena is compacted use a coil
tine groomer such as the Parma groomer
to complete the installation as soon as
the arena is completely groomed you can
get to the best part of a new arena
riding and training your horses
so you have any questions about the
installation process of igk equestrian
footing please do not hesitate to call
us