[Music]
recent research indicates that a
well-maintained landscape can increase
the value of a home by as much as 15% on
the other hand a poorly maintained
landscape can lead to costly water
damage to the structure of the house
installing a drainage system to prevent
water damage is less costly than
repairing the water damage itself given
the destructive effect that water has on
how structures and landscapes every
landscape needs a proper drainage system
one of the biggest sources of runoff
water in a landscape is the downspout
that funnels large volumes of water from
the roof to the immediate area around
the house without a drainage system the
water will eventually cause costly
damage to the structure of the house one
method of redirecting the water away
from the property is by connecting the
downspout directly to a drainpipe buried
in the landscape the downside to this
method is that leaves and debris from
the roof are carried through the
downspout and into the drain pipe which
eventually leads to clogging of the
drainage system the best way to redirect
the water from a downspout is to install
a catch basin either directly underneath
the downspout we're away from the
downspout but in line with a drain pipe
to which the downspout is connected the
catch basin will catch all the debris
from the roof before clogs the drain
pipe
[Music]
without a drainage system the root
systems of flowers and other sensitive
plants can be damaged by over watering
and can create health and safety issues
installing a round speedy Basin or a
square catch basin and flower beds will
remove excess water before the root
system of the flowers are drowned and
damaged speedy basin is a small round
catch basin that has a sump area to
catch debris before it enters the drain
pipe catch basins installed in flowers
should be used with atrium grates rather
than flat grates the debris and mulch in
a flower bed tend to cover and clog the
top of a flat grate an atrium grade is
domed above the landscape so that it
does not get covered in clogged by
debris and mulch atrium grates should
only be used in areas where there is no
traffic
[Music]
landscape naturally absorbs runoff water
until it becomes saturated and water
begins to puddle throughout the lawn
using catch basins at various low spots
throughout the lawn can eliminate
puddling by allowing the excess water to
be collected and redirected to safer
areas channel drains are long and narrow
drains installed within the concrete of
the driveway or patio channel sizes vary
from one inch to twelve inches in width
like a roof gutter channel drains
collect large volumes of water that flow
across hard surfaces before it can
puddle or flow into the inside of the
house or adjacent landscape water from
the drainage system is typically
discharged through a drain pipe to the
street terminating the drain pipe with a
pop-up emitter will prevent debris small
animals and insects from entering the
pipe the pop-up you meter has a
spring-loaded lid that automatically
opens with a hydrostatic pressure of
water flowing through the drain pipe as
flow diminishes the emitter closes again
an alternative method to discharging the
water is by slowly percolating or
leaching it back into the landscape with
a flow will the flow well is a large
plastic container buried in the
landscape that allows water to slowly
leach out into the subsoil and prevent
the pollutants from being washed out
into the streets
as water flows over rooftops paved
surfaces and flowerbeds it picks up
various pollutants including oil grease
chemicals metals and bacteria by
discharging the water into the street
pollutants are carried through the
city's main storm drainage system and
into local ponds lakes and oceans many
cities have required that storm water be
retained within the property to reduce
pollution of resources the installation
of a proper drainage system adds value
to the property and protects it from
water damage with a complete line of
drainage products in the S has a
solution for all your drainage needs NDS
the nationwide leader and landscape
drainage products
[Applause]
[Music]