hi guys so today we're going to show you
how to make a very delicious hia for
Lent and the ingredients are we're going
to need our hia we're going to need a
packet of hia going to need avocado
going to need one can of the
V8 Tapo some ketchup our our tostadas
we're going to
need of the limes four tomatoes two
cucumbers one onion cilantro and two
Sano peppers and of course our salt so
let's get started
Mi
[Music]
tomato we're going to go ahead and put
our onion
[Music]
[Music]
so basically what you want to do is just
Shred the Hiba and you can kind of
follow the lines that the Hiba has and
you just shred
it okay
[Music]
okay we're going to go ahead and mix
this all
[Applause]
together so these are the 20 limes that
I'm going to use but what I like to do
is put them in the put this bowl with
the limes in the microwave for 20
seconds just so I can get the juice
running and I can get as much juice as I
can from these limes
[Music]
and then go ahead and add one can of the
V8 original
[Music]
juice okay so now you're just going to
add some
[Music]
salt here
[Music]
he