I took my dingy and disgusting kitchen
faucet and turned it into this I'm gonna
show you how here is my kitchen faucet
and as you can see it is absolutely
covered in hard water deposits calcium
buildup we replace this faucet three
years ago and this is the accumulation
of the hard water just in those three
years now as you can see we have a leak
in this faucet and that's part of the
reason why we have so much hard water
deposit
this but we live in apartment complex
they don't want to replace it so we're
gonna have to deal with it so I decided
to clean it here I have a one gallon jug
of cheap generic distilled white vinegar
I'm gonna put some into a bowl and this
stuff is less than two dollars for a big
gallon of it I took a piece of old
t-shirt you can use any red your cloth
if you have and I'm just gonna fully
saturate it in that vinegar and be sure
and wipe off if your faucet doesn't
already dry make sure that it's dry
because you don't want to dilute the
vinegar with any water that's there and
I'm just gonna drape the towel on there
and press it in and make sure it's got
contact all the way around press it into
the nooks and crannies and here I'm just
making sure that it's extra saturated by
pouring vinegar directly on top then I
let it sit for an hour and I took that
rag off and put it back into the vinegar
to like soak then I'm going to take a
kitchen sponge and this is an old sponge
you don't want to use a new one because
it'll scratch up the chrome and
stainless steel you want one that the
brillo pad the green part is kind of
worn and soft so you just want to go
ahead and start scrubbing don't scrub
too hard because again you don't want to
scratch it up but a lot of this hard
water is softened up so it comes off
fairly easily and you can see here it's
already starting to shine up quite well
around the neck of the faucet right
there it is really built up so we're
gonna have to give it a second go which
you'll see here in a minute
but just keep scrubbing it eventually it
will all come come up and come clean
here it is after the first time first
scrubbing there you can see the residue
that still remains and on the neck of
the or the water spigot part I haven't
even let the vinegar touch that so I'm
going to take the rag again and saturate
it in the vinegar and wrap that part up
so that can soften up it was kind of
tough getting this to work around there
but I may do again pour vinegar onto the
rag to make it fully saturated then I
let it sit for another hour
take it off and this was pretty much it
i what didn't come off with the scrubber
the kitchen sponge you could actually
pick off with your fingernail it came
off really really easily but as you can
see the faucet cleaned up very very nice
and I use this in the bathroom at a
horse Lim sink and it worked just as
well so I decided to give it a go on the
kitchen faucet as well all right so here
is the faucet after everything is all
said and done no more hard water
deposits on that it is all nice and
shiny and looks like a new faucet but
it's not so yeah there it is that's how
easy it is to clean hard water off of a
faucet thanks for watching
you