okay guys and girls today I'm going to
show you a technique I used to cut
laminate material this is the vinyl it
comes of wood - I know a lot of it is
there's technique imma show you can be
used for basically any materials so what
we have here this house all these crazy
angles like right here this what we got
here in this house I mean how you cut
these things are outlays the material
I'm going to give you my techniques how
to do this
we're walking look at the other angles
in here this is a turkey because like
we've got a corner right here I don't
know you want that for I suppose maybe
that's where the bad boys and girls I
don't but not a week we got a technique
now to cut them this can save you a lot
of time and a lot of material okay so
let's get started here's what we do
just take a piece cereal here like this
now use this ordinary paper okay
everyday ordinary paper that you use to
copy with Xerox Xerox copy paper so in
essence what we're going to do is lay it
down here is big enough to cover the
whole thing and tape it together
now this simple we're going to do this
one right here we're just going to
basically make it template because if
you mess up on this thing just press it
down as you can see now we got basically
I'm just pressing it so now we got an
imprint all the way around just like
that now we got some scissors here I see
we have a perfect imprint the whole
thing now you don't necessarily have to
do the whole thing if you just cut down
here I'm just showing you how it can be
done the whole
cut it out myself
[Music]
all right so now you can cut out the
whole thing but I don't really feel like
it's necessary when we're just doing
this one right so now what I'm going to
do is lay it down just like it would if
it's in place now I can go ahead and get
it all the way up there I make a little
crease here so you can see I got a
crease here so I know I need to cut it
right on this crease I got another
we got another one right here
so I priest it right there cut that
right there now this is my plank right
there let's check it 4/5 as you can see
you know it fits in there real nice a
whole plank just like this and that's
good
not at this point I can go ahead and
adjust my cuff but it looks like that's
good if I made a mistake now I gotta do
to just take it just like that that's
not the case though it does me good cut
now we're going to transfer this on to
my piece of wood here I just take this
thing lay it right on here just like so
market just like some and there it is I
can salt some water I will cut it first
put on safety glasses always safety
first
now what I use is up jigsaw I suppose
there's other ways but I find it quick
and easy
okay just like so these things you tip
in now just give a little bit of a tap
to finish it off on this end and there
you have it just as simple as that
now you get stop wasting your material
that stuff is not cheap let me tell you
that bikes cost I think they told me
almost $50 so let's all have a good day
folks eme comments questions thumbs up
leave them please thank you