[Music]
hey welcome to sing and cook on sanjie
Kapoor's kazana this recipe is very
special and why it's special because
it's got a very unique name and people
always want to know why it is called by
this name you want to know the name it's
called chicken 65 strange name isn't it
for a chicken dish but it's very popular
a dish and I have been specially trained
by chefs in Hyderabad and that's where I
derive this recipe I learned this
personally and why the name while I cook
the dish I'll tell you why the name
chicken 65 I've got some chicken breasts
here so let me just cut chicken breasts
quickly chicken breast I love to cut the
chicken in a slanting manner the way I'm
cutting why because if you cut them into
cubes you know straight cubes like this
they generally become fibrous and when
you cut them like this they very tender
so learn the art of cutting chicken this
way nice and tender so the chicken cut
into small
cubes the way I cut it that's the style
you need to learn because if you cut it
that way the chicken when you fry will
be nice and soft Chicken in here next
red chili powder one last teaspoon of
red chili powder salt to taste with your
hands in
this some ginger and garlic paste 1
teaspoon of each into this garam masala
powder half a teaspoon of the same use
my hands here some corn
starch and some refined flour into this
one
egg now mix the whole thing get the
flavor of garam masala spices beautiful
I don't want the corn starch and the
refined flour too much on this now what
I have here is a lemon what I do is
first press this lemon and what happens
when you press see the juice gets
extracted out easily lemon into this mix
it up properly and what you need to do
is fry the chicken nice and crisp
release one piece at a time so that they
don't stick nice and Crisp Chicken it's
more a snacking item as seen in the
menus of Hyderabad restaurants so nice
and crisp Fried Chicken here let me take
this out in a
bowl now that all the chicken has been
fried what we do next I light a
fire when you cook chicken 65 you need a
higher flame and the gas flame should be
on high and it should be hot
because it's a very tricky thing in the
last thing to do the chicken that has
been fried now what next here I've got
yogurt to this yogurt around half2 cup
of yogurt I'll add one large teaspoon of
red chili
powder blend this
[Music]
up in Hyderabad typically they use red
chili paste which is more colorful
actually so if you are having red chili
paste at home you can use the same now
to this blend you need to add half a
teaspoon of refined
flour that's because you don't want the
yogurt to separate it also adds like a
binding now this mixture is ready
chicken
65 now why it's called chicken 65 it's a
strange name isn't it everybody keeps
asking me this now let me tell you this
why it's called 65 in old days this menu
item was featured on number 65 in
restaurants around the central India
which is around Hyderabad actually so
the numbering of menu items and this
would be numbered at 65 and became a
very popular dish so everybody started
saying oh get that chicken 65 and that's
how this dish got the name now here my
walk is ready let me take some oil from
the walk in which I fried the chicken so
some oil here not too much oil nice and
hot oil here now to this what I need to
do is add 1 teaspoon of cumin seeds
mustard seeds 1 teaspoon red chili ho
around four to five of them just break
them into smaller bites saute for some
time till the red chilies are nice and
bright and they also omit a great chili
flavor you know I've got lots of Curry
leaves here Curry leaves into this now
what now the yogurt mixture into
this
[Music]
blend it nicely in goes the chicken that
was
fried toss it up until the chicken has
absorbed the complete yogurt so here you
get the nice tart flavor of yogurt in
the chicken and the chicken remains
moist because yogurt has got good
quantity of fat in it and this is full
fat yogurt so keep tossing until the
chicken gets coated and absorbs the
yogurt and the whole mix is dry so
that's why you require a higher flame
also to cook this dish now this is
almost done
finally I've got some fresh grape
coconut into
this give a final
toss and my chicken 65 is now ready to
be served you can eat it as a snack you
can eat it as cocktail snack or just as
a snack whatever you feel like believe
me the flavors of Curry Leaf the
spiciness of chilies and the tartness of
yogurt all combined together makes this
dish beautiful chicken
65 do it the way I have
[Music]
done