kitchen staging is one of the main
priorities in any house since the
kitchen is considered the heart of the
home make sure the kitchen is painted in
bright neutral colors which coordinates
with the rest of the
decor it is also possible to paint the
kitchen cabinets counters and backsplash
if they are
outdated with new efficient paints now
available on the market you can
completely transform the look of your
kitchen quickly and easily regardless of
the type of material it is made of
melamine thermoplastic MDF ceramic glass
Etc it is very important to use the
appropriate paint products to ensure
that you will obtain impeccable and long
lasting
results as always preparing the surface
is crucial thoroughly clean the cabinet
doors and Frames using a cleaner that
will not leave any residue all choices
of dust dirt oil grease mildew Etc must
be eliminated rinse thoroughly wipe and
let surfaces dry before going
on now sand surfaces to be painted using
a 120 grade sandpaper if the surfaces
are already painted for a 150 grade
sandpaper for synthetic surfaces such as
melamine a light but uniform sanding is
sufficient the sanding process is
required to ensure good bonding of the
paint with the
surface wear a dust mask to prevent
breathing in the dust vacuum the dust
and wipe the surface using a damp cloth
after sanding now apply a primer sealer
coat of paint like go Prime all-in-one
alad Emulsion for perfect
addition you must use a top quality
synthetic bristle brush nylon or
polyester for doors and moldings
[Music]
for other smaller surfaces you can use a
small foam roller 5 mm or 1/16 of an
inch
thick let this first primer coat dry for
3 hours once dry sand this primer coat
of paint with a 220 grade sandpaper this
step is very important to ensure a
perfect finish and a beautiful final
look vacuum the dust and wipe the
surface using a damp cloth after
sanding for the finishing coat use the
SEO furniture and cabinet paint this
paint provides a superb Ultra smooth
finish that is also Ultra robust it is
especially adapted for cabinets and
other kitchen
surfaces you can choose the color that
best fits your Decor from a very
extensive line of
colors apply two coats of paint waiting
6 hours between each coat these two
finishing coats will not only enhance
the look of your kitchen but will also
provide excellent durability against
intensity of use cleaning and scratch
[Music]