[Music]
so there are many things that you can do
to help your bedroom be more conducive
to help you sleep better at night so one
of the things you can do to help you
sleep better at night is keeping your
bedroom cool a cool environment will
help you sleep better at night research
has shown that sleeping in a warm
environment will in fact increase
fragmentation of your sleep
it is also important to keep your
environment dark because darkness helps
with melatonin secretion which is a
hormone that helps you with sleep onset
this is especially important shift
workers where they are sleeping during
the daytime so you might want to invest
in blackout shades to keep the darkness
in and the light out you can also avoid
electronics take out the tv and the
computer from your bedroom because light
from these devices can also hamper
melatonin secretion
melatonin is a hormone that is secreted
by our pineal gland which helps with
sleep onset
now light is the most activating factor
for us we have receptors and that are
located in our retina which will take
that light and send that signal to our
brain that it's time to stay awake
so increasing light exposure in the
evening hours will suppress our
melatonin secretion
so what i tell patients is to avoid
electronics starting an hour before your
bedtime and stay in dim light to help
with the sleep onset process
people often become anxious about their
sleep and also about remembering their
to-do list for the next day so what i
tell people is instead of worrying about
it and keeping yourself up because you
want to try to remember these things is
to keep a pattern pinned by your bedside
you can easily write them down and then
forget about it because you will
remember it and see it in the morning so
these are just some of the things that
you can do to help make your bedroom
more conducive to get a better night's
sleep
[Music]