the grill is not just for hamburgers and
hotdogs you can grill veggies too I've
got three easy ways to change up your
barbecue repertoire first I'll show you
how to cook directly on your grill then
with the grill basket and finally I've
got an inventive trick using aluminum
foil grilling veggies brings out their
natural flavors and sweetness these are
going to taste so good it's easy to
start so let's get grilling
first let's cook directly on the grill
with the simple and delicious
tri-colored pepper and mushroom salad my
barbecue is preheated to medium I
removed the seeds and I'm cutting my red
yellow and green peppers into quarters
you want to make sure the vegetables are
uniform in shape so they cook evenly
they should also be large enough so they
don't fall through the grates then place
them into a plastic bag next we'll add 8
ounces of portobello mushroom caps to
the plastic bag as well
portabellos are the perfect size for
grilling we'll coat our veggies with
some craft light balsamic vinaigrette
reduced-fat dressing this dressing will
add a great flavor and prevent our food
from sticking just seal it up and toss
everything together
you can even marinate them for an hour
so to really infuse all these flavors
into the vegetables okay let's get these
on our barbecue using tongs we'll add
our peppers and mushrooms to the grill
these will cook about 8 to 10 minutes
turn them occasionally and feel free to
brush them with more dressing as they
are grilling when the vegetables are
done take them off the grill I've sliced
the mushrooms this will make the salad
easier to enjoy Wow look at these grill
marks in a bowl toss the peppers and
mushrooms with remaining dressing and
enjoy how simple was that
next let's utilize our grill basket with
the recipe for zesty grilled vegetables
first we'll cut up some zucchini
crosswise
in general vegetables should be cut to
expose a maximum surface area to the
grill our red and yellow peppers have
already been cut into strips let's place
these in our grill basket and then onto
our barbecue they should cook for about
10 minutes if you don't have a grill
basket simply cover your grill grate
with a layer of heavy duty foil before
preheating talk about an easy cleanup
when these are done just place them in a
bowl add 1/4 cup of Kraft zesty Italian
dressing and a quarter cup of Kraft 100%
grated Parmesan cheese perfect for our
final quick and easy grilling method
we'll use aluminum foil on their
barbecue to make our grilled new potato
packet my grill is heated to medium in
heavy duty foil I've placed a 1/2 pound
each of red and white baby new potatoes
just drizzle with 2 tablespoons of water
and 2 teaspoons of oil then seal the
foil pouch leave room for the heat to
circulate inside place on the grill and
close the top and lift these cook for
about 18 to 20 minutes or until tender
cut slits in the foil to release the
steam and then open up your package
add some Kraft sun-dried tomato dressing
a little Kraft 100% grated Parmesan
cheese and some fresh chopped parsley
there you go these look perfect three
easy ways to barbeque vegetables
directly on the grill in your grill
basket and in a foil package remember
you can use all types of vegetables and
craft vinaigrette dressings on the grill
pick your favorites for more ideas like
these visit our website we search
keyword grilled vegetables