[Music]
we made it the pubic hair place that's
where we get all of our things to make
the giant banana split sundae that you
want to make so badly stupid but it's
still gonna taste good
all right we gotta find a giant banana
that's her task a giant banana I've seen
if I got cherry tomato technically this
would be cheery it's not a cherry tomato
I'm in the marshmallows sriracha shrimp
fondue caramel pecan cake really I just
ate like a giant quesadilla
[Music]
so the first step in making a giant
banana split is to create giant scoops
of ice cream let's do it saran wrap
right over the top of the bowl and push
it down in in it's hardest goodbye back
you got blue ball love that ice cream
what is that this is like the best day
of my life that's like a giant puzzle
this was the best rated scoop on Amazon
why isn't it working you should just
make a poop emoji chocolate ice cream
listen once you put the toppings on
you're not even gonna notice that it's
not a perfect circle okay it's the idea
one big scoop is it is a big scoop it
also looks like a wrinkly boss I'm not
gonna put it on everyone's least
favorite but some people's most favorite
strawberry so pretty
unicorn ice cream guys it's really not
about the taste about the look instant
mashed potatoes instant gratification
that ice cream it doesn't melt just
imagine if ice cream like the matrix so
let's get started you got eight servings
and then you got 18 servings that
doesn't make any sense because that's to
inform that be 8 and 16 oh is that a
typo oh that's just pan size so I got 2
boxes and we need to split it up into
three so how to do that 18 divided by 3
that we have 10 cups 3 and the
third-most be easy so that's very co
cross multiply and you're gonna get your
number with all this these 2/3 reach you
all right there we go do you just over
complicate this and then make it really
simple were cups of water one and a half
teaspoons of salt Julian says don't add
butter
I think she's sabotaging me I mean the
potatoes it's boiling so we're gonna
remove this from the heat pour in our
water and cold milk and our potatoes and
a little red dye so this is definitely
too loose that whole math equation in
the beginning just ignore that so I
don't really know how to do Brown other
than to just add all three colors
together you better get brown hungry
looks like chocolate ice cream and this
is her vanilla I think that this might
be the greatest thing you've ever done
it is there's a microwave directional
ice cream people are gonna be like mmm I
didn't realize I liked Matt potatoes and
place of ice cream that much it's almost
like I'm turning people vegan all my
notes all right guys look it looks like
ice cream though let's see if it can
fool some people give them something
that actually tastes good
does this look good I feel like a monkey
right now you start with the tip here
when you peel it off like this right and
then you have a handle got a little
crack here it's got a little nipple
there do you even know what a nipple is
yeah that thing's lactating I look at
Jules you've been telling me if it
doesn't look good all right the same
like look good it just looks like
bananas are sitting there it's about
what it tastes like though right I kind
of want to throw one of these on the
ground and have someone just fall in my
mind this went a lot better oh they are
flopping everywhere oh yeah we got this
oh I see what you did there
ooh I don't like watching you do that
with your hands I'm training them cuz I
want to work at cold stone I got this
little you're still working on your
banana let's how you go viral you got to
use a lot of fluff strawberry and
strawberry yeah we have a giant banana
split we need giant sprinkles things
need to be proportionate to the size and
what you're eating so I'm using these
Hershey chocolate bars catch me outside
how about that chocolate sprinkles back
in the 50s they're called Jimmy's banana
split is not a banana split
without walnuts the reason you don't do
peanuts is too many people have that
peanut allergy and it kills them so yeah
so the best way to open up a banana is
stab your nail into it there's been way
too much math in this video by the way
oh yeah why don't I just Photoshop a
banana it's supposed to be like
marshmallow but it looks more like
getting kind of messy over here it's
real fudge on real ice cream why would
not look at you like the big gonna run
out you got the cool whip go grab the
cool whip that looks better
mm-hmm bad guys nuts go on strawberries
going hard at nuts it's all up in it
come eat it before it melts don't pop it
all right guys I made this for John go
subscribe to you go pro baseball you're
gonna see this cute little face all the
time who ate the cherry oh we can't
forget our reality TV star buff she was
on the housewives it was graceful I love
it you guys are gonna be so cool for
this competition yeah
banana get a little bit of chocolate
then you're like oh I had enough
chocolate and go for it strawberry now
honestly that's almost looks depressive
[Music]
healthy junk food if you're new to our
channel make sure to subscribe and hit
that Bell icon you'll notify every
single exciting we post if you guys are
interested in checking up on all these
amazing guests we have in our house
tonight make sure to check the
description below both see you next time
on another episode of healthy drunk food
time for some dinner now that we had
some dessert what should we make
quesadillas sounds good