hi everyone Miss Bella and Nikki here
from crafts and more today we're going
to show you how to make chalk from
eggshells so start saving your eggshells
you'll need at least six sets of
eggshells from six eggs to make one
chalk and we're going to be crushing
them with a coffee grinder which is much
easier but the kids are having fun
crushing them with um their pencil or
whatever you're using there Your Dragon
toy oh finish so here's our step-by-step
process and we hope that you find it
helpful and enjoy this video thank you
so much for watching bye we will need 1
teaspoon flour which I have in this bowl
1 teaspoon hot water you want to combine
with the
flour you're going to make a
paste out of the flour and water we're
going to add 1 tbspoon crushed eggshells
into fine powder mix it together until
you have a thick paste and if you want
your chalk colored you want to add a
couple drops of food color
we have all the three ingredients
combined we're going to shape your thick
paste into chalk and it's kind of
crumbly so you're just going to take it
in your hand and kind of squeeze it
together it's kind of like playing with
Play-Doh or polymer clay at first my
paste seems a little dry so I went ahe
and added some more water so I suggest
that you use 1 and 1/2 teaspoon of hot
water when you mix it in with your flour
done shaping into a chalk you want to
roll it tightly into the paper towel
this will absorb the excess
moisture going to let this dry for 3
days it's been about 3 days now we're
going to unwrap the chalk and we're
going to test it out so does it feel dry
test it out yeah here let's un the other
ones dry we're putting them to the test
and they are working but I think that
this chalk works best on the chalkboard
instead of the dry driveway because the
pavement it's pretty rough so some of
them are kind of breaking but as you can
see they do work see mommy yes thanks
guys bye