to make parmesan crisps you'll need
grated Parmesan cheese you could great
fresh parmesan but i find the packet
grated parmesan easier to work with and
actually gives a crispier biscuit and
one tablespoon of plain flour in a large
bowl place the ingredients and mix them
together to combine make sure they're
thoroughly mixed now line a baking tray
with baking paper and using an egg ring
metal or silicon as you guide place the
ring on the tray in one of the corner
positions then spoon or quantity of the
cheese and flour mixture into the center
use enough to cover the base of the
inside of the ring if you add too much
the biscuit will be too thick and not
crisp once you've done one lift the egg
ring off and move it to the next
position and repeat once you've filled
the tray place the tray into a moderate
oven for 5 to 10 minutes when they
immediately come out of the oven they
will be soup quite soft and pliable so
leave them on the tray until they're
completely cold for a lovely crisp
biscuit one school they can be used as
crackers or as accompaniments for meal