hi everyone this is Maria and I'm in the
kitchen today and we're going to be
baking some old-fashioned oatmeal
cookies and so these are the ingredients
that I will be using I will be using
some white sugar brown sugar cooking oil
dried oats all-purpose flour
raisins baking soda some pure vanilla
extract and an egg and some water so
let's get started so the first thing I'm
going to do is take my large bowl I have
a measuring cup here for one cup and I
have a spoon and so let's go ahead and
we're going to add the brown sugar first
and so I'm going to use the CNH brand
but you can use a store brand I'm also
using the golden brown and so I'm just
going to put this in the cup and the
reason I wanted to show you this step is
because you do have to pack down the
brown sugar so that looks like about a
cup and so let's go ahead and drop that
into the bowl and then we're going to
add 1/2 a cup of granulated white sugar
and so I'm just going to set this in
here in the bowl and you could do this
ahead of time you can separate the
ingredients I just wanted to show you
just add a little bit more and then I'm
just going to dump in the white sugar
with the brown sugar and what I like to
do is I like to just mix it around and
mash it up because sometimes you'll get
these little clumps of the brown sugar
and the next thing we're going to do is
we're going to add 3/4 cup of this
cooking oil I'm using Missoula
cholesterol-free
and so let's just go ahead and add that
and then we're going to stir it until
it's creamy and now when I was younger
and first baking these cookies for my
kids I would use the Crisco shortening
the white solid shortening and then one
day one of my friends she said well why
don't you just use the oil the cooking
oil and I tried it and it's so much
quicker you can cream this together so
much quicker you can also put all of
your ingredients into a mixer I
prefer to do this the old-fashioned way
after all these are old-fashioned
oatmeal cookies okay so once you get
this all mixed up together then you can
add your egg and again you can put the
egg in a little container if you like
before you add that but I'm just gonna
do it this way and then we're going to
add one teaspoon of pure vanilla extract
there we go just gonna drop that in and
I'm also going to add a quarter cup of
water and then we're just going to beat
this all together see how nice and
creamy that looks this is looking really
good so now we're ready to add the dry
ingredients so I've added my three cups
of dried oats into the small bowl and
we're going to add 1 cup of flour
all-purpose flour so I'm just gonna set
my cup there so I don't get it all over
the counter and there we go so let's see
there we go
that's a cup of flour let's go ahead and
add that and now we're going to add 1/2
a teaspoon of pure baking soda to the
dry ingredients and I just dipped my 1/2
teaspoon in there and then I use this
like to even it out right there
and then I just add that to the dry
mixture and if you like you can sort of
stir this together before we add this to
the wet ingredients so now I'm going to
add all of my dry ingredients with my
wet ingredients in the larger bowl and
then you just mix the dry ingredients
with the wet ingredients the recipe also
calls for a teaspoon of salt and that's
optional and so since the baking soda
already has
sodium I choose not to use the added
salt but you can add the salt if you
like okay so we just mix it up just like
that
I love baking oatmeal cookies on cold
days when my boys were growing up as
soon as the colder weather would come it
was oatmeal cookie time and the next
thing we're going to do is we're going
to add some raisins and so you could
just add as many raisins as you'd like
you can also add cranberries and you can
add the golden raisins too it's just up
to you and you can also add some nuts
like some walnuts and so but I'm just
gonna add raisins today and then you
just fold in the raisins these taste so
good right out of the oven
I just love oatmeal cookies so now that
we have a cookie dough prepared and my
oven is preheated to 350 degrees we can
go ahead and drop these cookies onto the
cookie sheets
so before I bake my cookies I like to
line my cookie sheets with this Reynolds
parchment paper and I'm going to use
this cookie scoop and so let's go ahead
and scoop up the cookie dough and
there's the first one so I like to use
the parchment paper because it just
makes for easy cleanup and also I
noticed my cookies will not burn so much
on the bottom and so when I don't use
the parchment paper I seem to have that
problem where they burn on the bottom
they scorch and so this is just a lot
easier all the way around and I remember
purchasing my cookie scooper at Target
so now it's time to put the cookies into
the oven and the recipe says to put them
in for 11 to 13 minutes at 350 degrees
but I find for my oven I put them in for
about 15 minutes so every oven is a
little bit different some heat hotter
than others and so I'll go ahead and
just leave that up to you because you
know your oven feste okay so let's put
these cookies into the oven so here are
my oatmeal cookies and they look really
good I
a little bit more than two-dozen so
let's go ahead and taste one and then
let's look at the bottom you can see
they're not burnt or anything and so YUM
you guys the house smells so good you
guys oh look at that so let me go ahead
and taste it oh my gosh you guys these
are delicious
so this cookie has a nice crunch on the
outside and they're nice and soft in the
center also I would like to mention that
if you would like to make your cookies a
little bit soft after they've been
sitting for awhile you can put them in
the microwave for a few seconds just to
warm them up and they're nice and soft
again so these are old fashioned oatmeal
cookies super simple to make and
everyone will love them happy baking
everyone and I'll talk to you soon bye
bye
[Music]