[Music]
I found this dresser on Craigslist it
was $150 which for around this area is a
really good price especially for solid
wood so I picked it up here's all the
drawers it comes with tin drawers so
that's going to be awesome for storage
in my room I like the hardware but I
think I'm going to change it up a bit it
also came with this huge mirror that
fits onto the back I knew I wanted to
paint the dresser it was just a matter
of deciding what color to paint it I
have this little tulip dish it's a pale
minty aquamarine on the inside and white
on the outside so I decided to let that
be my inspiration for the colors so I
chose bare tide pools and bare sea salt
for the colors now it's time to get
started so I removed all the hardware
from the drawers and we got to work
sanding Michael used his belt sander to
sand the body of the dresser overall the
dresser was in good shape there was only
a couple minor little dings and then
right around the footing the veneer did
have a little bit of trouble it was
lifting up on one of the corners so we
actually just decided to go ahead and
remove move the veneer around the
footing after we finished sanding we are
ready to Prime so this is the primer I
used when painting furniture I always
use a small roller that's made for
smooth surfaces and then I follow up
with my pretty paintbrush in the details
I pre the drawers by sanding them with
my 150 grit sandpaper and I also sanded
the frame around the mirror after I'm
done sanding I always use a solution of
vinegar and water and I sprayed on a
soft polishing cloth and just wipe
everything down make sure it's all dust
free on the drawers the body of the
dresser and around the frame of the
mirror then it was time to tape off the
mirror so I used my blue painters tape
rolled it along the edges and press down
firmly all around the frame because you
don't want to get any paint on your
mirror so everything is primed the
mirror the drawers the body and now it's
time to get painting I decided to go
with bare sea salt for the body of the
dresser and the face of the drawers it's
a gorgeous white it reminds me of sun
bleached coral on the beach it's just so
pretty without being too too bright
white without being too cool or too
sterile and it's not super creamy so
it's not too yellow tone it's really a
very natural kind of balanced white it
just seems to work really well whether
you're using silver Hardware or gold
Hardware it just has a nice neutral
balanced tone to it so here I'm using my
roller but I also use my pretty
paintbrush just to follow up and also
get into any details I also like to make
sure that there's no drips along the way
as I'm working so I always follow up
with a paintbrush afterwards I'm also
going to go ahead and do the
mirror right after I get done painting I
remove the tape from the mirror I want
to make sure that I do this while the
paint is still a little wet that way I
don't rip up any of the paint off of the
frame as I'm pulling the tape up now I'm
working on the hardware I decided that I
do want to paint the hardware I like the
shape of it so I'm not going to change
it out but I am going to clean it up
with a little alcohol and I'm going to
spray paint it using this rium titanium
silver from their Universal Line This is
paint and primer in one so it makes it
really easy
I'm going to give the hardware one light
coat of the titanium silver and then let
it dry for about 15 to 20 minutes and
then give it a second coat for this
second coat you can see I flipped the
handles up but you can actually wedge
the handles in place using toothpicks
that works well too I let the hardware
dry for about 15 minutes and then I
topped it off with rum bright coat this
just gives it a shinier kind of finish
and then I decided that I wanted to add
a little bit of white to it so again
just playing around with the paints I
decided to use this Rolan painters touch
in white gloss and so I just gave that a
light Spritz of it and then I took a
soft rag this is actually just a little
piece of a T-shirt and then I just kind
of rubbed that around and just kind of
rubbed it into the grooves and the
details just to give it a kind of more
interesting look um so it wasn't just a
flat sort of silver
finish now that some of the pieces had
dried we were able to move them inside
so we moved the body of the dresser
inside and Michael was able to attach
the mirror back to the dresser and that
just screws into the
back now it's time to finish up the
drawers so the face of the drawers I
painted with bare sea salt but the rest
of the drawers I'm going to be painting
with this bare tide pools another
beautiful beachy color this is a soft
minty aquamarine and I thought it would
just be fun to do a two-tone look for
the drawers just so when you pull open
your drawers you just get this pop of
color but it's not too overwhelming it's
actually really refreshing and kind of
soothing at the same time but it's a
very soft sort of color that blends well
with neutrals so that i' go really well
with the sea salt color that I was doing
on the front of the drawers and the base
of the dresser I actually discovered
this color because it was on the same
paint ship card as Bar Marina Isle which
is another one of my favorites but Bar
Marina isle is darker and tide pools is
much lighter and it's got more kind of a
fresh look to it you know a little bit
Fresher a little bit mintier although I
love both colors I think they are both
amazing um but since I was doing the
bare sea salt on the outside I thought
this would work perfect for the inside
and not be too much of a contrast once
the drawers were dry it was time to get
them put back in the dresser now for the
painting I did do two coats of sea salt
on the dresser and then I did two coats
of tide pools inside the drawers and
around the sides of the drawers so now
with all of the drawers placed back into
the dresser was time to get the hardware
back on something else you could do is
add a clear coat like polyacrylic to
help protect your paint job I'm
considering it for the future though I
haven't done it yet so here's the before
this is the original Craigslist
posting and here's the after I'm so
happy with how it turned out I love the
color scheme I used both of the bear
Paints in a satin finish and I think
bare sea salt in satin gave it a
beautiful finish I just love the kind of
glow that it gives and really worked
well with the hardware here's what the
inside the drawers look like
originally and here's the after this is
with bare tide pools in a satin finish I
love the pop of color it's fresh it's
uplifting I like having the color inside
of the drawers as well as wrapped around
the sides this dresser came with great
Hardware to begin with but adding a few
layers of paint really created a unique
finish my inspiration for the color
scheme of this dresser came from this
little bowl that I found at rth it's
made in Spain and I just love the colors
of it so much I thought you know what
that's exactly what I want to paint my
dresser I hope you guys enjoyed this
furniture makeover if you like these
kind of videos definitely let me know
and I will see you in the next video
thanks for watching bye