here's an excellent piece of cleaning
advice for every person watching this
video always and I mean always start
every cleaning job with the safest most
basic product available to you there's
always a need for specialty cleaning
products but most jobs can also be
tackled with really basic ingredients
you've heard us talk about this many
times before baking soda white vinegar
rubbing alcohol and one of my personal
favorites dish soap or dish liquid or
washing up liquid whatever you call this
stuff in here dish soap has a million
cleaning uses aside from the very
obvious but that's a lot to film so
today I'm going to share a few of my
favorite ones with
you floor cleaner dish soap makes for an
excellent floor cleaner just add a few
drops of dish soap or a pinky nails
Worth to a bucket of very warm
borderline hot water this is a simple
solution that will leave your hardwood
your laminate tile and even cement
floors looking
fantastic grease stained
Buster dish soap is easily one of the
safest things you can put on Fabrics
when you get a stain which is why it's
used to treat so many different stains
especially grease stains dish soap can
be applied directly to grease stains and
then gently rubbed in just using your
fingers adding a bit of water and you
let this sit for a few minutes and then
rinse the area with cool water and
launder as you normally would
quickly clean a blender I mentioned this
not too long ago in one of our cleaning
hack videos but I felt it too useful to
not share again so if you want to
quickly clean your blender after each
use simply add a couple of drops of dish
soap and fill your blender until it's
about a quarter full with warm water pop
the blender back on the base and blend
that mess
away here's something I get asked a lot
how to clean kitchen cupboards because
they often get sticky and greasy and the
answer is actually pretty
straightforward if you have some dish
soap handy mix one part dish soap to 10
parts water in a spray bottle pre-treat
your greasy cupboards with this mixture
leave it for about 5 minutes or so then
get a non-scratch sponge wet the sponge
down and start scrubbing those cupboards
use a lot of elbow grease and definitely
more product if needed then rinse and
buff dry you'll see the grease is gone
here's a handy tip for those like me who
have a bit of a fascination with nail
polish before you apply your nail polish
soak your fingertips in a mixture of one
part dish soap and 20 Parts warm water
you can use a big glass bowl like I have
here and just let your finger soak for 5
to 7 minutes this will remove some of
the oils from your fingernails as well
as some of the dirt and make it easier
for the nail polish to stick to your
nails you'll actually get a better
manicure out of it
this is a wonderfully safe and
affordable alternative to harsh weeding
chemicals and you probably have all of
the ingredients you need in your house
right now just take an empty spray
bottle add a good squirt of dish soap
about 1/2 cup of salt and fill the rest
with another clean mice Spas staple
white
vinegar then just spray this solution
directly on the weeds or in areas where
weeds are prone to grow do be careful
though it's non-toxic but it will kill
any plant life you spray it on everybody
loves marbl and granite but cleaning it
can be a hassle so don't over complicate
things and stick to a regular cleaning
routine that involves nothing more than
dish soap and warm
water you can take great care of your
natural stone by creating your own
countertop spray and you can also use
this solution for floors just take a
pinky nails worth of dish soap put it in
a spray bottle fill it with water and
use that for your counters or you can
use the same Pinky Nails squirt of dish
soap in a bucket filled with warm
water if you get something really greasy
like cooking oil or Vaseline or peanut
butter in your hair here's a quick and
easy way to wash it out which is in my
opinion more effective than shampoo when
showering just add a dab of dish soap to
your hands and work it into your hair
just like it was shampoo be sure to
rinse well and you'll notice just how
effective dish soap is at dealing with
all of that grease and for you hair
product junkies out there you can do
this about once a month to tackle any
greasy buildup that hair products leave
behind but don't make a habit of using
this instead of shampoo it will strip
your hair of all natural
oils did you know that dish soap is also
an awesome window cleaner in fact it's
the choice of many window cleaning Pros
it cuts through greasy window film like
nothing else and leaves a nice clean
finish just add a few drops again about
a pinky nails worth of dish soap into a
pale of warm water and you're good to go
you can also add about half2 cup of
white vinegar for extra Grime fighting
action then you can buff it dry with a
flat microfiber cloth and your results
will be
incredible pretty amazing stuff H and
here's one last tidbit to take with you
anytime you need warm soapy water for
anything this is the stuff they're
referring to it's a pH neutral cleaner
meaning it's one of the safest soaps you
can use on dirt grease and grime and
definitely one of my favorite cleaning
products if you look down there you'll
find something that looks like this it's
a comment box and if you find it be sure
to leave us your cleaning questions in
it you know we might just answer your
question in an upcoming video there's
also a button down on there that lets me
know you care so click it if you like
the video and click this to subscribe
for even more cool cleaning videos
thanks so much for watching and we'll
see you next time
[Music]
[Music]