[Music]
how to get rid of cicada wasps cicada
killer wasps are large intimidating
insects of caen frightened children and
adults alike while they are not
considered dangerous cicada killers can
be an annoyance whose burrows can
disfigure a lawn
these are solitary wasps that do not
build communal nests they do however
live in groups where each adult female
builds its own nest
if you have cicada killer wasps
burrowing in your yard and want to get
rid of them there are several steps you
can take things you will need pesticide
liquid or dust gloves long-sleeved shirt
shovel start your lookout for nesting
cicada killers in mid-july treating the
burrows early in the wasps breeding
season is important in preventing an
infestation in the following year the
longer you wait the more the chances
that cicada larvae will survive in while
off protected cells in the burrows to
mature and emerge in the following July
as a solitary wasp each female cicada
killer builds its own nest a burrow with
a single entrance and several tunnels
that may have sixteen or more cells in
which its larvae feed on paralyzed
cicadas while the wasps are solitary
they live in asking aggregations that
may contain from a handful to one
hundred individual burrows these are
often built and bare patches in lawns or
in piles of dirt where there is plenty
of Sun mark the locations of the wasps
nest so that you can find them at night
push a stake or stick into the ground
near the entrance to each burrow be
careful not to push the stakes into the
nests themselves treat wasp nests at
night when all the wasps are in
residence and settled for the night
dawn gloves and a long-sleeved shirt to
protect yourself from any possible
retaliation and from getting pesticide
on bare skin mix and prepare your
pesticide liquid or dust car barrel
based pesticides are particularly
effective against cicada killers
sprinkle or spray the pesticide directly
into the nest
sprinkle or spray only a small amount of
pesticide into each nest it won't take
much of the poison to kill the
inhabitants leave the pesticide in place
to do its work don't block the tunnel
and trance you want the female to walk
through the poison repeat the treatment
several times during the breeding season
mid-july to mid-september kept an eye
out for new burrows tips warnings only
female cicada killer wasps are capable
of stinging the male's may dive-bomb
intruders but they have no sting and are
harmless though females only sting if
handled that do not attack otherwise
prevent future infestations by
destroying old nests in the fall and
maintaining a thick healthy lawn set
your mower at the highest level when you
cut the grass in an infested area don't
block off the entrances of the nests
until after the breeding season is over
mid September otherwise surviving
females may dig new burrows
[Music]
you