so first things first take off this darn
hat because it's annoying the heck out
of
[Music]
[Applause]
me hey everyone welcome to four year of
Education I'm funny side up I'm Lisa
your host I know this week was supposed
to be the whole stump Lisa episode but I
had so many great responses that I
thought of this great idea which was
that at the end of season 4 we would
have two special stump Lisa episodes
kind of like putting me through culinary
exam week you know like culinary finals
and so there will be a sweet one and a
Savory one two really intense dishes
that I have to master to end the season
4 funny side up more on that later you
might remember a funny little friend she
was in Chile for a year she appeared on
the wheat berry episode
Julia hi hi there's she is last year we
made a healthy and delicious wheat berry
salad
delicious we haven't changed a bit but
today we are here to learn about a new
vegetable called the fiddlehead fern
who's even heard of a fiddlehead fern
they come around just like one time a
year and it's for a very short time in
the spring they are the furled frond of
a young Fern they are high in
antioxidant res fiber and iron also
Omega-3s I mean that's like everything
people tell you to have the one thing to
know is that they are kind of toxic if
you don't fully cook them I'm going to
make a simple grain salad in honor of
Julia fiddleheads and Pharaoh let's just
get started here I've got a half Pond of
fiddle heads and I'm going to thoroughly
wash them and then trim them of the ends
they've got this like weird brown stuff
happening it's supposed to be there it's
not just mine want to make sure that you
rinse that part off and while that's
happening I'm going to bring a very
large pot of salted water to a
[Music]
boil we're going to blanch the Fiddle
Head ferns just to make sure they are
fully
[Music]
cooked so on this saut√© pan I'm going to
add some olive oil and some garlic and
[Music]
shallots I'm just going to add some
mushrooms these are crini
mushroom the mushrooms are just going to
like sweat it out a bit for a couple
[Music]
minutes let's go back over here I'm
going to make a simple shallot Citrus
vinegarette what's going to go in it you
ask well I'll tell you shallots duck
lemon salt and pepper Dijon mustard
olive oil did I say white wine
[Music]
vinegar I cooked one cup of
pharaoh I also tossed it with some
time yellow split piece great the
[Music]
[Music]
salad it does taste like asparagus
there's a little bit of like a Tang to
it it's like an interesting textural
experience which is I think what's most
appealing about it okay well thanks for
watching Everybody next week we're going
to be getting ready for a very special
Father's Day episode and it may be the
very last time that I dress up as a
character on funny side up I'm getting
really sick of it guys I'm not going to
lie and we're running out of characters
so leave me a comment telling me which
famous father should I cook for in honor
of Father's Day also follow me on
Twitter and Facebook
bye special Shout shout out to Julia's
Chile and boyfriend
[Music]
Carlos sometimes it's just so hard to
talk you know guys