[Applause]
hey guys this is parrot and welcome to
parrots gettin fed Hardwick yeast free
by Duda now the doulas goes best with
chana masala or the Punjabi chillies and
also the cut value that I posted last
week so you can watch those videos as
well and do you know that bhatooras
actually can be of many types but can be
broadly divided into two which is yeast
risen or without yeast so you can
further divide them and do which kind of
fat you're using like saturated fat or
unsaturated fat and further they can be
subdivided into but doulas which stays
soft for a longer time and bhatooras
which stay firm for a longer time but
remember all of these bhatooras can also
be stuffed but alas but in this video
we're gonna discuss how do they commonly
make fedoras in restaurants that is
without yeast and it's saturated fat but
basically because it has more shelf life
[Music]
okay so let's begin with it so first
we're gonna see how to make a bhatoora
which stays firm for a longer time so
for that you need some all-purpose flour
also known as maida some yogurt which is
at room temperature and my secret
ingredient which is milk powder you also
gonna need some salt some baking soda
and some baking powder then to make the
petula state foam you're gonna add some
semolina also known as suji just mix
everything together roughly and then add
your saturated fat which in my case is a
ciggy but you can also use vanna's
petechiae or hydrogenated vegetable oil
now finally before adding the warm water
i'm gonna mix some sugar in this but hey
sugar generally doesn't dissolve
properly
now all you need to do is to first
combine the dough together and then
start to knead the dough and yes
kneading is the key here like the key to
a good marriage is a quiet husband with
a yelling wife so in the same way you
need proper kneading an ample resting so
we're gonna let this dough rest for a
minimum of two hours but like every
marriage there is a secret to happiness
which is no not the kids it's the
husband putting earphones in his ears
and the wife well she's still yelling
but anyways you might have heard in some
recipes to keep the dough in a warm
place with a red cloth over it and
that's precisely what I'm gonna do but
the key thing here is that you need to
do it correctly so what I've done is
that I've stuck a probe in the thickest
part of the dough and it says the
internal temperature is about 34 degrees
centigrade and when you keep the dough
in a warm place then you can easily
notice that the temperature is actually
increasing so the question is why does
this happen and why is it important but
basically the cloth works as an
insulator here and since the cloth is
wet it provides a moisture environment
for the dough which promotes
fermentation and you do these affect the
dough becomes resonant and that is why
they keep the dough in a warm place with
a bed block over all right now for the
fedoras which stay soft for a long time
so everything in the dough is exactly
the same except this time I'll reduce
the amount of semolina and crease the
amount of milk powder and yes this makes
a huge difference
so all you have to do is to combine the
dough just as before and you have to
meet the dough just as before and again
let the dough rest and this time let the
dough rest for a minimum of an hour
and after two hours of resting you can
see that both the dough are pretty
stretchy and if you press it you can see
that it's pretty resilient so now all
you need to do is to divide the dough
into balls and make sure that these
balls are move then just apply some oil
on the balls and cover them with a bed
cloth and let the dough relax for 10 to
15 minutes and the meanwhile you're
gonna warm up our oil because to make
the perfect bhatooras you need a very
hot oil and you can see that my cooking
oil is above 200 degrees centigrade
which is super hot all right at this
point just take a dough ball roll it on
one side then flip roll it on the other
side but make sure that you don't roll
your partners are not because if you
make your materials too thin they will
definitely not puff up so what I do is
that before putting them in hot oil I
just stretch them a little bit so all
you need to do is to drop the bhatoora
in the hot oil and first try to press
the patois inside the hot oil and when
the Petula comes up then try to pour hot
oil over it now this is actually very
important to make your bhatooras cook
properly why well let's see closely
what's actually happening inside the
bhatooras
so when you put the verduras inside the
hot oil you have to make sure that their
internal temperature rises properly so
that is why we push the bhatooras
towards the hot oil so basically your
bhatoora dough is actually full of
moisture and when you put the patois
inside the super hot oil that moisture
starts to turn into steam and these
moisture will start to expand now here
are starts comes into play
you see semolina holds more moisture
than the regular flour so it also
Lisa's more moisture it dries out much
faster which cooks the outer surface
much faster now the point comes that why
did I pour hot oil on the other side as
well so basically if you pour hot oil on
both the sides
your bhatooras will be able to trapped
steam and that's the reason why the
bhatooras puffs up and cooks properly
from the inside
[Music]
and if your bhatooras won't offer
properly their internal bread structure
will not be so good I need not be able
to get this kind of internal but do
destruction
[Music]
okay now it's been one hour now the four
motors will stay firm for a good long
time
and you can see that the soft medulla is
softer and the internal structure of the
firm bhatoora is a little on the
yellowish brownish side and the internal
structure of my soft mathura is a lot on
the wider side but the best part about
these bhatooras is that they'll cook on
the right temperature and that is why
they're not so much oily so there you go
guys how to make perfect bhatooras now
these bhatooras goes best with perfect
chana masala or hotter aloo and you'll
find all the list of ingredients and
their measurements and the recipe for
chana masala and the cart a value on my
website and if you like this video do
give it a thumbs up for updates and
queries you can like me on Facebook
follow me on Twitter and Google+ and
then I'll see you all next time
[Music]