so I love my eggs sunny side up so
here's a quick sunny side up
[Music]
recipe all right so to make sunny side
up eggs it's going to be helpful to have
a non-stick pan and on top of that I'm
going to use Pam nonstick easy cleanup
canola
oil so the eggs don't stick the Four
Keys for sunny side up eggs are
non-stick pan low heat a longer cooking
time and making sure there's a lid on
the pan so when you crack your egg crack
down and then put thumbs in on top
gently crack it soz if you break your
yolk you've just ruin your sunny side up
down gently cracking both of
those I'm going to put it on a lower
heat now having a lid is the key to
Sunny Side Up to cook the eggs top and
bottom slowly on low heat but leaving
theol running we could probably apply a
little bit more
it's going to go up to a to a six it's
going along nicely and as you can see
cooking really slow it's not you can't
force cook Sunnyside up and keep the
yolk runny you got to keep it going oh
there it goes now filling in nice let's
get that lid back on there so now
they're done it looks like they might
even be slightly over but still good I
need to remove them from the heat of the
pan because even once it's done cooking
of course they still cook for a little
while there's the nice nonstick slides
right off
there and so it came right off the nice
non-stick pan and there is our perfect
Sunnys side up eggs and that's really it
let's check out the
results so this is good sunny side up
right here if the yolk is still runny so
we can puncture that and sure enough
that runny yolk that's what we're after
so I got to eat this toast egg and bacon
now so subscribe for more cooking videos
and Vlogs or not later that foot stomp
that foot stomp that foot
[Music]
a
[Music]