alright guys as you can see right now we
just got to the shop absolute gorgeous
day out right now k series right here k
24 k 20 we're just gonna do like some
small maintenance on them today as you
know I'm bringing this thing on the
track next week and I just wanted to
make sure like everything is up-to-date
and I was gonna clean my air filter the
K&N here bought as you guys could see
it's pretty much still like factory
colors so I'm good with this but we're
gonna focus on this thing right here so
we got our k9 cleaning kit right here we
got the oil and we have the actual
cleaner itself we're gonna go ahead and
spray his whole filter down with the
cleaner just letting this stuff dry the
cleaner on there and as you guys can see
I actually think I missed a little bit
or is that just stained dude like it
looks super dark alright I think I'm
still gonna hit this spot and then he
just hooked the hose up so then we're
just gonna rinse it out and then dry it
and it should be a good process I'm just
waiting to see how much stuff is
actually gonna come off this thing
though so we're off to the wash station
so we're about to see wooden freaking
air filter looks like after what nine
years Josh should being in your car
alright dude let's do this
[Music]
it's literally still coming out - if you
could see the stream this is why it's so
important to clean their air filters
guys and what was your car doing Josh is
it like hesitating at like literally the
same thing was happening to my e^x so
once I clean my air filter it literally
fixed the problem that's how you know
it's clean guys when you can actually
see through each of the things right
there now that this thing is properly
dried and cleaned we're gonna go ahead
and add some of our filter oil to both
sides so that's it guys once you apply
the oil you are good to go just dry off
the sides and voila your car should
definitely you should see like better
throttle response and maybe increase
miles per gallon so hope you guys
enjoyed this quick little video and
we'll see you guys in the next one peace
look at that just straight dirt
[Music]