hey there you guys welcome back today we
are going to do a repotting video uh
this is a asparagus PL let me get this
uh tag right uh
plumosus uh I've I've grown these for
for quite some time uh this one I've
neglected as a lot of things I
apologize I shouldn't apologize to you I
should apologize to this poor Plant I'm
really sorry um most of the the Dead
Leaves is not necessarily from being too
dry it's because it's in a really really
small pot and uh these guys notice
notice the roots that are coming down at
the bottom of this these plants are
absolute thugs when it comes to root
systems they are not an actual Fern
these actually produce flowers and uh
produce a little red berries uh if
you've grown asparagus uh to eat it is
the same family of plant I don't know
that you can eat this one but it is the
same family of asparagus maybe you could
do your research and and see maybe you
could grow these as a house plant or a
fun outside plant and
still have something to munch on it's
it's a real need of of a repot as you
can see the the roots are coming out the
bottom just poor poor sad thing so we're
going to move it up into a excuse me a
pot that's at least twice as big um
these guys have a root system that has
like a
kind of like a spider plant if you've
ever uh unpotted a spider plant they've
got really thick tubous Roots um that
really store the moisture so uh the the
the brown isn't from from uh neglect
sometimes it can be from neglect they
will drop needles but uh this is mostly
because it's stressed right out got so
much stuff happening over here I've got
my mix for the um for the asparagus fern
and uh I'm just using a regular purpose
soil it's a free draining mix it's it's
actually a u a lot of Pete it's just an
allpurpose soil with extra perlite in
there and I also have some uh some slow
release fertilizer in there as well and
I again I like to use pre moistened soil
so I don't have to really really water
my plants when I'm when I'm
finished um so I'll bring you in a
little bit closer and you'll have a
tabletop view just one sec so the first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to remove all of the the old dead see
the see the dust those are the old uh uh
let's call them fronds all the little
Leaf tips that are falling off I'm just
going to go through and I'm going to
trim off any of the yellowing gross like
all of
these fronds let's say like a palm tree
just going to go in and remove those as
close to the soil surface as we
can this
should uh trick the plant in to going
into growth mode it not necessarily just
this but
uh uh the act of repotting it will uh
give it uh the oomph it needs to to
really start growing again uh once it
gets some space it'll be as happy as a
clam so I'll be right back and uh we'll
deal with this once it's all cleaned up
okay so as you can see we've really
trimmed it back there's not a lot of uh
plant or Leaf material there anymore me
see if I could get more of it in frame
but it's still a NIC looking plant uh I
I love these plants because they they
just look like a tree uh so I'm just
going to take it out of the uh the
reservoir that it's
in and uh let me actually uh adjust the
camera so you can see more more in the
the shot the leaves that fell off can
you see all that there on the table it's
crazy so I'm going to take this it's a
deeper pot too as you can
see um a lot more space for the roots to
ramble going to use a piece of paper
towel in the bottom of the pot as I
usually do and we're going to take a
nice scoop of uh potting soil again
all-purpose potting soil with some
perlite in there and some
um oh what do you call it Sol relase
fertilizer and I'm just going to remove
these
roots actually take my scissors
and cut them
away there would be no chance that I
would be able to get that pot off of
there without doing
this it's still going to be difficult
I'm
sure oh there we go do you see the roots
do you see what I mean they're really
really thick very fleshy Roots if you've
ever grown asparagus again it's the same
type of root system uh they really
really really hold on to the moisture so
uh they tolerate a dry period quite well
so I'm just going
to actually I can I can tease the roots
a little
bit not going to pull it really really
badly apart just teasing it breaking the
roots so that they they stop going in
One
Direction take the soil off the top
where it's all
yucky I'm just going to plunk it right
down in the center of the pot just like
that as easy as that and uh now I'm
going to fill around it with
soil you're saying bill it can't be that
easy uh it totally is totally is that
easy where's my blue mat when I need it
it's right underneath the table where
it's supposed to be and I don't know why
I'm not using it I'm
lazy it's funny though being lazy
sometimes makes more work later o the
empty uh bucket of soil really made a
lot of noise so I'm just going to tease
the the the soil down between the cracks
of the between the pot and where
the the plant is don't want any air
pockets air pockets are bad when we're
dealing with uh with orchids air pockets
are okay when we're dealing with regular
terrestrial plants air Pock I need to
stop throwing that air pockets can mean
death to Roots uh um Roots don't
generally like to be in the air they
like good air flow through the soil but
they don't like big air pockets it's
kind of an oxymoron give the plants uh
uh root systems air they need air but
don't give them air because they'll die
I don't know I don't know what to say so
anyway now we're finished repotting this
we're going to give it a
drink bear with me while I grab some
water again usually we use pre moistened
soil but in this case it's not pre
moistened
and also giving a good a good
drink uh gets rid of any uh any air
pockets also in the soil it it fills in
the
crevices levels things off so
anyway this is a beautiful type of
asparagus an asparagus fern again not
act excuse me not actually a fern but
still beautiful nonetheless we'll put a
tag in there this is the first time I
put a tag in this plant and uh yeah
anyway if you enjoyed this video please
like Please Subscribe if you haven't
already and uh if you haven't joined the
pl uh the Plants and Things Facebook
page uh or the Plants and Things what's
growing page on on Facebook uh feel free
uh it's a lot of fun there's a lot of
great people on there very knowledgeable
people uh people just like you and me
and uh it's just a good time it it's
nice it's nice to find plant Geeks that
uh that really enjoy what they do and
there's also beginners there too so uh
it's it's a great mix so anyway come and
join the fun and uh we'll see you
soon uh so anyway I thought I'd give you
a little bit of tour of the backyard uh
ju like I said it just finished raining
it's beautiful it's quite humid out and
uh so some things might be a little bit
battered down but uh everything still
looks beautiful and I wanted to bring
you in usually