[Music]
icing cupcakes can be really quick once
you know how I've got a few simple hints
and tips that will make your cupcakes
look really
[Music]
professional it's really important to
make sure that the buttercream icing
you're using is really light and fluffy
because it helps when you're pushing it
through the bag if it's got big Flex of
air in it that's going to be really easy
to pipe probably takes about 7 Minutes
using a hand mixer to get it to that
stage take your nozzle and place it into
your icing bag give it a little shake
and you need to cut the end off so that
the nozzle pokes through that leaves the
nozzle free but make sure that no
buttercream is going to slip through the
edges there to fill the icing bag I use
a pint gloss because you can see through
it so you can see how much buttercream
you put into the bag spoon the
buttercream in now only fill it to about
halfway any more and it becomes quite
heavy also you risk the buttercream
coming out of the top as you're icing
unfold this top and lift the whole bag
out push the buttercream down to the
nozzle give it a little squeeze on the
outside as well if there are any air
pockets that gets rid of them and also
if you twist the top that's also a
really good way to make sure that as you
are pushing the buttercream down it's
not going to all come out the top and go
over your cake I use a tea towel to put
my cupcake onto to eyes cuz I find then
there's less chance of it sort of
scooting around do make sure though that
your cupcakes are completely cool before
you put any icing on them because
otherwise it will just slide off I'm
using a star nozzle here because it
gives A really lovely ice cream effect
and I always stand up when I'm icing
cupcakes find it easier to get the icing
bag at a 90Â° angle this way I'm going to
use one hand to push from the top and
another hand to guide so starting at 12:
midday here pipe closer to the edge than
you think you need to so that you don't
have a Gap and as you get towards the
start of that Circle move the next
Circle in a tiny bit and move around
again and as you get to the end push the
nozzle in and take the pressure off so
there you have it a perfectly iced
cupcake that tastes delicious
[Music]
too for