today we're going to try to figure out
how to make Dr Pepper at
home hello I'm Adrian and this is XOXO
Cooks today I want to talk about Dr
Pepper which is one of my vices in life
actually it's my favorite soda I grew up
drinking a lot of soda and in recent
years I switched over to silzer water
instead it's healthier for you it's more
refreshing we have a soda stream at home
but since moving to Denver a few weeks
ago I have been drinking a lot more soda
I think it was kickstarted in recent
months we've been doing a lot of
traveling a lot of road trips and I have
always made the excuse that I can eat
candy and drink soda when I'm on a road
trip and that's fine when you take one
road trip a year but when you're taking
a few every month it's kind of bad so
today I wanted to try to figure out if
we can make a seltzer water drink with
some natural ingredients that's
satisfying and Dr Pepper esque
supposedly Dr Pepper is made out of 23
different flavors I am referring to
Yahoo answers which is the best place to
to find reputable and knowledgeable
people who know
[Music]
[Music]
everything and now we wait for it to
turn into a syrup what should we do
while we wait
carbonated water fine high fructose corn
syrup is the number two ingredient you
guys this is not good for us where are
those 23 flavors supposed to come from I
guess natural and artificial flavors is
what we're trying to figure out
[Music]
here it's real
good now I'm just squeezing all the
cherries which is pretty
satisfying whoa finally starting to
simmer and I also learned the hard way
why doing this with tongs maybe isn't
great
[Music]
it's
good been about an hour definitely
wearing safety gloves for
this okay here's the real taste test
fellas note that I drank that whole
other bottle already this is why this
stuff is so
dangerous seltzer water which is just
water that's been carbonated
[Music]
I'm not sure if it tastes Dr peppery or
not you know what this is actually
really really good and I had gotten
molasses because I was thinking that I
would want to add some extra sweetener
but I didn't add it in and I'm glad that
I didn't because it's naturally really
sweet I think the prunes give it a lot
of
sweetness it's not exactly the same
but it's a really really enjoyable soda
that's totally made from natural stuff
and no high fructose corn syrup I
recommend that you guys give it a try do
your own concoction and see if you can
make a soda that tastes delicious at
home and if you like videos like this
please give a thumbs up subscribe I have
a new video every Saturday morning where
I do different kitchen adventures and
Denver adventures and I like to have you
join me thanks so much for watching I
will see you next time bye