hey guys welcome back to my channel so
this video we're going to be making some
kind of like Little Mac my hoop thing to
hang on our wall um I've seen pictures
of it but I haven't actually seen it be
done so I'm going to try it we're going
to see if we can do it okay so for my
main base I'm going to be using
thiso and I think it's about 30 in I got
this one at Dollar Tree last year maybe
they still have them this year I don't
know I know you can get H hoops at
Walmart they might not be the exact same
measurements but you can kind of fit
your Hoops accordingly to how big you
want them to be then the next little
hoop I got I already had it pre-wrapped
from another project this is a 5in hoop
and what it's going to do is it's going
to chill in the center like this like
this right here it's going to be it's
going to be right here it's going to be
like holding all the ropes together so
depending on how big you want your
Center to be you can add multiple Hoops
if you want to I'm just going to have
one and then this big one then I've got
some rope you can use yarn you can use
regular rope if you've seen my previous
macra tutorial I used a different kind
of rope you can use anything you got
really I'm going to be using the Bonnie
craft cord it's a 6 mm and it's 100 yard
this one's in the shade Pearl and this
one's in the shade fat I don't know if
I'm going to be needing both of them but
I've got them both if I absolutely need
to you know what I mean you need some
scissors and that's pretty much it so
let's get going all right so you can see
my Works Space here I've got this hoop
right here this hoop right here and so
that's how it's going to kind of look I
don't think we're going to need to wrap
this yeah I'm going to wrap it all right
so this is the picture that I've got
inspiration from and I'm pretty much
going to try to do this exact one maybe
tweak it a little bit mine's obviously
going to look a little bit different
because my rope is a little bit thicker
not the same color and yeah all right
now time to measure your rope and get
ready to cut it so I don't know how many
pieces I'm going to need yet I'll just
go like a little ding right here put it
in right now that's how many pieces I
used but that's only if you're using the
same size dimension hoops and yarn as me
do it however you feel like you want to
do it I've cut about a body and a half
length of rope off not an actual body
okay so starting from the very end
stretching your arms out and then
stretching your arms out over here
that's one body length so on you one
body length and then from
here to here a little bit over a half
not quite a whole another body length
little bit over a half that's how much
I've used so I'm going to go ahead and
cut them up and show you what to do next
so once you've got all your rope cut up
what you're going to do is you're going
to start by making a lark head knot onto
the smaller hoop and if you don't know
what that is get the ends together just
like this run your hands down it and at
the end you've got the little Loop and
so what you do you're going to go over
your Loop just like this take this
yarn yarn rope and just pull it through
that little
Loop and now you have attached it to
your hoop and that's what a L's head
knot is so do that all the way around
the hoop till it's completely covered
eventually okay so once you get done
wrapping it it should turn into like a
little crazy Lantern looking thing and
it's going to look like this right here
but we're going to lay it flat and work
like that or you can do like this hang
it from SE if you want to I guess
that'll work if you can got anything you
can hang it from that'd be good that be
that'd be good actually I'm just going
to do like this all right so now we're
going to be learning how to make this
little pattern right here so that you
can go on and connect it which I'll show
you in the next clip after we get done
showing you this right ha so you work in
groups of four so that's why you need an
even number of ropes cuz each rope gives
you two and you need four so get you
four ropes and we're going to start out
by making square knots just over and
over again full square knots to do that
you're going to start with this rope on
the side come over these two like this
take the Rope on the other side there's
a little area right here go underneath
that underneath those two
ropes and then pull through that other
side and it should look something like
that and just travel
up to where it's nice and tight and then
now you're going to do the same thing
but starting with this side so go over
those two
ropes take this side go underneath
underneath
through and pull that
top now you're going to do that three
times and that's going to give you a
pattern looking like this right here
which is identical to this side right
here now what we're going to do is we're
going to start doing this twist pattern
and to do that you're going to start out
by doing the same exact thing same ropes
go over these two take this one go under
under through pull to the top but now
instead of going to this side still take
this side of the Rope do the same thing
over and over again just like that and
you'll see it start to
[Music]
spin okay so now that we've reached the
bottom of the spinning you can do this
as much as you want I think I'm going to
do it one more time
just until you reach the
[Music]
end so something like this we've got it
right here now we've got to attach it to
the hoop itself so to do that you're
going to start by taking the four ropes
tucking them underneath the hoop just
like that taking the two on the right
side and pulling them over this way
looping them down looping them down so
you can see what we did there you just
tucked them under and then Loop them
over pull them nice and
tight and now what you're going to do is
you're to make a square knot so taking
this side to this side under
under pulling it tight just keeping it
tight
alternate just like that right there now
you've attached it and we just do that
same exact thing on every single one of
those you got it good one eternity later
okay so once you get done with that it
should look something like this ra and
we've got all this excess rope now I
realized that it was totally unnecessary
to wrap this because we're going to wrap
the excess rope around
here so just skip that step okay okay so
right here we've got to cover up these
white areas right here with this excess
rope honestly just do this to the best
of your ability just go ahead and wrap
that thing and we're going to hot glue
it down so make sure it stays put so I'm
just going to take both of these tuck
them under I'm going to go ahead and get
my hot glue gun out get that ready hot
glue that sucker
down pull it
around and I'm just going to keep keep
hot
gluing actually instead of wrapping it
completely around the hoop you're you're
going to kind of want to stop
here and here so unfortunately it was
not enough rope so I am going to have to
dig into this one really didn't want to
but I'm just going to to finish off the
bottom part of the hoop instead of
taking it and doing the Larks head knots
because it just makes it so much shorter
and I didn't have enough rope and this
is just what I started doing I've cut
off several pieces about half a body's
length and what we're going to do is
we're just going to hot glue this fold
it over and hot glue that to the
hoop
and
repeat you can see I've already started
attaching some string here but that's
essentially all that you're going to do
you're going to wrap this how we were
wrapping it all the way around and just
kind of Tuck those in you can see where
I've just cut some and glued them to the
back any of that excess
rope and then stop doing that right
about here and then just start cutting
you some strips off you can see now
where I've ran out of this color rope
and I had to improvise with this but it
still looks okay I'm going to go ahead
and finish it and cut a couple of these
excess pieces and then we'll see how
it's looking all right so I've worked
really really hard on this and it's done
we're going to go check it out now okay
so here is the finished look oh my gosh
I love
it
so I really really ended up loving it it
didn't come out exactly like that
picture but I think it's still very
beautiful and I'm very proud of it so if
you like the video give me a big old
Thumbs Up And subscribe and I hope you
all have a great day and God bless