hi I'm Zach with hante love and today
we're here to take a look at the quein
art the dgb 900 this is a grind and brew
model and it does feature the thermal
craft this is a great machine to have
because it's an all-in-one setup there's
no need for a separate grinder and the
separate Brewer it's allinone with the
Press of a button this thing will grind
your morning coffee and Brew it out for
you so so in this video we're actually
going to take a look at the machine and
see what makes it
unique as you see in this Frame this is
the front of the machine um you have
several different buttons here and
they're actually very easy to use so the
main button we have would be our onoff
button when you press this on it's going
to turn on the red indicator light that
turns the machine on um then here to the
middle we have the your clock now this
is used for telling time of course and
then you can actually set it to a turn
on in the morning using the program
button which is over here this will turn
green when you want the programming to
actually kick on for that period of time
now to the left and the right of the
clock are just the hour or the hour and
minute button to set moving down here is
the grinder off button nice thing about
this is the machine has an option so you
don't have to use the grinder that is
built in if you wanted to use pre-round
say you had caffeinated beans up top and
you know someone wanted decaf you still
can use the uh pre-ground option or the
the bypass option to brew a pot of
coffee now in the middle you'll notice
there is um a dial it goes up with two 4
6 8 10 and 12 this is the grinder
adjustment so if you wanted two all the
way to 12 cups you set that for the
number of Cups and that's going to
dictate the amount of coffee beans being
ground and finally over to the right
hand side of the machine you'll see the
strength control you press that and it
gives you three options you have a a
mild a medium and a strong so it
definitely allows you to customize the
flavor profile and give you your
personal touch to your morning coffee so
now that we've gone over the main
controls of this machine Let's actually
take a look at the built-in grinder up
top and all the features that that
features
also so now you see that we're taking a
look at the hopper of the machine it's a
really nice Hopper because it is tinted
got a slight tint to it keep UV rays out
also the top comes off very easy there
is a nice seal around it so Air does not
get into your beans which makes them
stale and you see this dial here and
this is so you can take the hopper off
and get into the actual cleaning of the
machine now this Hopper does hold a half
a pound of beans so very large Hopper
and to take this off you just turn this
this picks right up it actually uh locks
off the bottom of the machine so no
beans spill out and when we take a look
at the inside you're going to see here
is the machine's bur grinder um the
beans funnel down here get ground and
there's actually a mechanism that um
takes them over into your gold tone
filter which we will show you in the
next part but let's focus in on the top
and you're going to see there is a flap
here now you can see that there is a
little bit of a buildup in here and this
is going to happen about weekly you're
going to get a little bit of a buildup
in here and what you need to do is come
in with a brush and you're just going to
brush that away and then open this right
up and it will fall down into the gold
tone filter and then you can dispose of
that um properly so like I said once a
week keep that cleaned out you don't
want it get backed
up and to put your Hopper back on same
process as taking it off put it down
press down and then lock it back into
place and that will keep your hopper in
place put the top back on and you're
good to go so now let's take a look at
the Gold Tone filter where the coffee
grounds get brewed through on the side
of the machine there is a button and
then it's going to actually activate
this piece which opens
up
opens up nice and slow by
itself and this top piece is actually
what's going to put your grounds into
the gold tone filter so the grinder up
top grinds they're going to fall in
these holes and this actually spins
which dumps it into the filter there's a
hole right there which falls right in
and as the machine keeps grinding this
is going to keep spinning and keep
dispensing those coffee grounds into
your filter until you have the proper
amount in there now this comes off very
easily picks right up and you can keep
this clean just rinse it off
occasionally and here is the gold tone
filter for the machine um you can use
this or you can U use paper filters
whatever you choose paper filters will
work and they would just fit right here
on the inside of the
machine so and then to put this back on
you simply put your filter
in put this top piece on now you're
going to want to put that in right there
there's actually an arrow over here and
an arrow here and before you close the
machine you want want to line those up
and that'll just make sure that it is
lined up properly for when you're
starting to brew now the nice thing
about this is when I was actually uh
demoing it is that I forgot that I had
coffee grounds in here and I went to
brew another uh batch and the Machine
would not let me do it it just made a
constant beeping noise so there's
actually a way that the machine knows
that something is wrong so if you hear a
constant beep and it doesn't stop it
means there's a problem so check your
coffee grounds cuz that's what I found
it to be most of the time
and then he just pushes right back in
Clicks in and you're ready to go so now
let's actually take a look at the water
reservoir and the water filtration
system here is the top of the machine
and right behind the hopper is the water
reservoir now this holds up to your 10
cups and the nice thing about it is
there is a sight window which we will
show
you and then there actually is a water
filtration system this does take a
charcoal water filter and to use that
you would just place it in here close
this and then submerge it back into the
water reservoir now they recommend that
you place this every couple months or
depending on use um but you can keep an
eye on that and now that we've actually
showed you the water filtration system
the hopper the controls I think it's
actually time that we
Brew so now let's actually Brew our pot
of coffee as you did see in the sight
glass we're going to brew eight cups so
we adjusted the gr control knob to the 8
cup setting and all we have to do is
turn the on button on you'll hear the
machine spin that um piece above the
gold tone filter and the grinder will
kick on and then from there it will Brew
our pot of coffee so let's
start once the machine does its beeping
sequence it means that it is done so you
can remove the craft pour your cup of
coffee nice thing too about this is it
actually Brews out very hot we tested it
and it actually got to be in in the low
180s so a very hot cup of coffee does a
very good job too so just replace your
craft and there you have your
coffee so that was the quein art dgb 900
now this was the grind and brew model so
the grinder is built in does have the
thermal craft which will keep your
coffee hot for up to 8 hours now this
machine does come with a three-year
limited warranty through quez andart the
dimensions on the machine are it is 162
inch tall it is 8 in wide and 9 and 1 12
in deep so it's a relatively small
machine will fit great under your
counters and it gives you a very good
cup of coffee so if you have any
questions on this machine or any other
machines that are similar to this feel
free to give us a call once again I am
Zach and thanks for joining
us