hi this is Jocelyn from grandbaby cakes
and today I'm gonna show you one of my
favorite recipes oven fried chicken
tenders beef tastes unbelievable
have so much flavor but without all the
fat so to get started we're gonna start
with our egg mixture here next we're
going to start on our flour mixture this
is where we get in a whole lot of flavor
so I'm going to add some seasoned salt
I'm gonna add in some corn starch I love
adding corn starch to my fried chicken
because it really gives it a lot of that
nice crunch next I'm adding in some
smoked paprika or you can use regular
paprika totally up to you some cayenne
for some spice I've got some onion and
garlic powder that are going in as well
and some black pepper give that a nice
whisk so once that's always together I'm
gonna actually add in some milk now
you're probably wondering why am I gonna
add milk to the dry ingredients but I'm
gonna kind of drizzle it in and create
some crumbs
that'll give us that nice fried chicken
flavor and then just kind of take a fork
and scoop it together great so now it's
time to assemble I've got some chicken
here these are chicken tenders about a
pound you can find them at your local
grocery store already cut up or you can
get some boneless chicken breast and cut
them up yourself into the pieces and the
size that you like so now we're gonna
start the assembly with the chicken I
have our baking sheet here and I've
lined it with parchment paper so it
doesn't stick and I'm also going to use
an oil spray and liberally spray this
using my tongues I'm going to take each
piece of chicken and add it right into
our flour mixture and then into our eggs
and then back into our flour and then it
goes right on our baking sheet and then
repeat the process so once these are all
on your pan you want to let this sit for
about ten to fifteen minutes because you
want to let the coating really set on
the chicken so it doesn't come off when
it's baking so while the chicken breast
and you're coating sets make sure that
you go and pre-heat your oven to 425
degrees so our chicken has completely
rested and it's ready to go in the oven
but first I like to go in and separate
the chicken tenders just to make sure
that they don't stick to each other in
the oven so then now I'm just gonna make
sure that I spray these really really
really well with some olive oil spray or
some vegetable oil spray it's totally up
to you just some type of cooking spray
lastly I'm just gonna drizzle this with
a little bit of vegetable oil and now
these are ready to bake so our chicken
is out of the oven as you can see it is
just perfect golden brown crispy just
absolutely everything you love about
fried chicken but without all the fat
not that much oil and its really simple
to bring together I hope you loved that
I showed you how to make this recipe
once again it is one of my favorites if
you want the full recipe make sure you
go to Grande babycakes com
you