[Music]
traditionally produced balsamic vinegars
labeled traditional are aged for a
minimum of 12 years for results that are
intense complex and Incredibly expensive
up to $60 an oun fortunately in The Test
Kitchen we've found a way to reproduce
some of its flavor qualities without
having to visit a specialty food store
or a loan officer to imitate aged
balsamic start with decent Supermarket
balsamic vinegar
place a third of a cup in a shallow pan
with 1 tbsp of sugar and 1 tbsp of pork
then slowly reduce the mixture over
extremely low heat that is barely
simmering until it's reduced to half its
original volume be sure to keep it over
low heat vigorous boiling will destroy
nuances in the vinegar
flavor this reduced balsamic has a
strong fruity flavor and it should be
used in the same way as traditionale
balsamic drizzled over fresh fruit ice
cream or grilled meats and fish for a
major but much less expensive boost of
flavor