how to clean your hair with
beer it may sound strange to use a
six-pack of beer for your hair instead
of drinking it but beer is known to have
beneficial effects for both hair and
skin the molten hops in beer is rich in
proteins that help repair damaged hair
and revive volume as well the sucrose
and MTO sugars in beer help create shine
if your hair is looking a little dull or
flat a bottle of beer might be your
answer method one adding beer to your
hair one decarbonate your beer pour a
bottle or can a beer into a jug or bowl
and let it sit overnight or throughout
the day the more air surface your beer
is exposed to the faster it will oxidize
and become flat beer becomes flat by
releasing the carbon dioxide it creates
it's important that the carbon dioxide
is gone from the beer when using it to
treat her's carbon dioxide combined with
water can create hard water or water
with a high mineral content the presence
of carbon dioxide can hinder the effects
of shampoos and make it harder for you
to wash your hair effectively as well
hard water causes the scales on each
hair stand up making your hair look
Tangled and tough two shampoo your hair
use whatever shampoo you normally use
but sko the conditioner the beer will
act as your conditioner instead you can
transfer your flat beer into a close
container or bottle and bring it with
you into the bathroom or somewhere you
can easily reach for while in the shower
three massage your hair with beer for 1
minute pour the container or bottle of
hair into your hair and lather it onto
your scalp beer is also very beneficial
for your skin as beer sediment or
brewer's yeast helps reduce SE
production and control oily skin on your
face or scalp you can also try dipping
the ends of your hair with beer first
letting it set in your hair for a about
5 minutes before rinsing your entire
head with beer four rinse the beer off
it's recommended you don't rinch the
beer off completely and leave it in your
hair for a better effect T dry your hair
afterwards it may take a few washes
before you see you can feel and see
results three it's best to only do the
beer wash a few times a week as it can
be quite drying for hair if used
everyday method two enhancing your beer
wash one add a few drops of essential
oils into your beer the alcohol in the
beer can be damaging and drying for hair
but these effects can be counteracted by
adding a few essential oils it not only
adds extra nourishment to your beer hair
washed but can also provide you with a
calming effect when you're massaging the
beer into your hair all the while
leaving you smelling great consider
adding lemon oil it strengthens hair
adds shine and fights against dandr
alond oil it it moisturizes and Suits
the scalp chamomile oil it adds shine
and softens her hoba oil it adds
nutrients to hair and moisturizes the
scalp lavender oil it acts as a deep
conditioner that moisturizes nourishes
and adds antioxidants to hair Sandalwood
oil it helps with dry or split ends two
mix a few tablespoons of apple cider
vinegar in your beer vinegar helps with
counteracting rough or brittle feeling
hair but smoothing out the scales or
cuticles found on each of stranded hair
shampoo especially aggravates Hair by
lifting up these scales and preventing
hair from feeling smooth and looking
shiny consider using raw apple cider
vinegar rather than commercial vinegar
raw vinegar is not distilled heated or
clarified raw vinegar has much of the
good bacteria nutrients and enzymes
needed to improve hair texture you can
mix one to two tablespoons of apple
cider vinegar to 8 oz 250 ml of water
instead of beer and treat your hair the
same way you would with a beer wash it's
best to only use a vinegar rinse a few
times a week if used every day it can be
quite drying for
[Music]
hair
a