all right guys thanks for watching rst
garage once again this customer
complained he has no brakes the brakes
go to the floor so the first thing you
need to do is check the master cylinder
and see how much fluid is in there this
one is pretty much empty so we
definitely know he has a leak so we're
going to go on and give it a visual
inspection first on all the wheels the
calipers and the hoses all right I
checked all the wheels I pulled all the
wheels off checked all the calipers and
the hoses there's no leaks here then I
went to the car and I traced the lines
from all the wheels and look at these
brake lines here they're leaking so now
I got to remove them all right now that
I took the clamp off that the Fastener
that holds the lines on I'm going to go
on and use a pipe
cutter like this and replace the line
that's leaking now I'm going to put the
line cutter in here tying it all the
way and simply turning it turning it
turning it
tightening
it round and
around and the Lin is going to separate
and cut I got a drain pen underneath and
we got one line cut now I'm going to cut
the line I traced it to the other side
of the
car I'm going to cut this side cuz it's
nice and clean I want to make sure this
person doesn't have the same problem
again so I'm going to run the line from
one side to the other and separate this
side nice and easy all right this side
should be cut also now let me remove it
this is how you install the pressure F
first you put one side
in then you put the flare
in make sure you put it in you tighten
up one
[Music]
side then the other side's going to go
on to the line that they cut I'll show
you
that I'm going to put this in
then we're going to attach the other
side of the pressure F on make sure you
push it in
enough that's good then you're going to
tighten it up okay now we're going to
tighten up the compression fitting we're
going to put a 7/16 here and a 3/8 in
here you don't got to go too tight just
snug them
on that side's done let's double check
the other side
all right that's good now this side's
done okay now that we ran the line
across the way the old one was we're
going to measure this and cut this now
that it's cutting is perfect you see how
nice it is I'm going to install the new
pressure fitting okay just a review here
make sure you put the nut and then the
flange on attach
them with the centerpiece provided first
you got to screw on one
side then you screw in the other
side hand tighten them with a wrench
don't go too tight remember hold the
center nut don't move that and just
swing the nut
down till it's
flush until it's nice and tight you just
hold one and just turn the other repeat
the same thing on the other side this is
nice and tight right now we're going to
put it in place okay now that the line
is in I added brake fluid I topped it
off I kept the cap open and I'm bleeding
the brakes gravity bleeding them by
myself I have no one here to help me so
I opened up all the lines and I'm just
waiting for all the fluid to leak out
and give it a complete brake flush you
see I opened up the bleeder valve and
now the fluid's running out and it's
coming out nice and clean so I'm going
to go on and close it I did everything
on all the other ones I'm just showing
you on this one now the brake FL is
cleaned you have a complete brake flush
and the line replaced thanks for
watching guys