what's up YouTube this is cooking with
Doug and this morning I have to go take
my notary class and that's about
six-hour class not happy about it but I
need some coffee
and I looked at my pantry and I just
remembered I bought a new bag of ground
coffee and it's a Starbucks caramel
flavored coffee so let's give it a whirl
so this is what the bag looks like guys
I'm gonna go ahead and put my paper
filter in
just put three scoops in there smells
awesome so far I mean just the ground
being so far I'm gonna go ahead and do
travel and specialty brew I hope I
really love it because I transferred
into this sealed tight container and so
this would be my you know my general
coffee mix until it's done unless I
throw it out buy another one but don't
get it twisted I do have my dark
Starbucks mix right here blend that's
when I'm real serious about waking up
I'm not that bad this morning all right
so as you can see with um with the
specialty brew it doesn't brew as much
coffee as normal but I don't need that
much coffee this morning in just a
little bit to get me through the morning
we get it out with lunch break around
was it starts at 9:00 get a lunch break
at about 12:00 so I'll just get some
more coffee then anyway so let's go
ahead and mix it up and taste it I'm
just gonna put a couple of dabs of this
this vanilla milk in there almond milk I
don't put any sugar in my coffee and I
really believe real coffee drinkers
don't need sugar in their coffee
but that's just me I'm just kidding guys
I'm not kidding but I'm kidding you guys
a visual
all right so let's give it let's give it
a taste oh yeah I could taste the
caramel real good this is good this will
definitely cut it definitely gonna make
a caramel Frappuccino with this mix I
had made one before with my Dunkin
Donuts I think it's a cake batter cake
mix that was good so this should be
awesome as well anyway thanks for
looking at my video hit like if you
liked it remember to subscribe just
cooking with Doug