okay here they are uh we took them out
and uh you can see that the the rad is
like completely gone you can't even see
it anymore and this one was already se
but as you can see it was a lot dirtier
before yeah I don't know if it's showing
up real good on camera we'll check it
later but uh this is like oh leaps
200% uh better than it was before um I
mean you know it's still a rag that uh
I'm going to use to check the oil uh
clean guns uh you know do stuff like
that with but uh irregardless um you
know we didn't show you the socks that
we you know some of the socks we put in
there I mean uh some of them were so
dirty you would think we live in a mud
hut or something but uh they're looking
as good as new uh just like this this
washcloth over here that had the pink
nail poish on it so uh yeah and they
feel pretty soft too remember that was
from this bleach this
softener these pods and these toets
remember that when you go to Walmart
next time right and then these here I
mean it doesn't necessarily have to be
uh this brand I mean we use other things
uh usually something uh something with
oxygen in
it so uh okay all right we're going to
uh dry these things and see you later
bye-bye