how YouTube family how's y'all's day
going - going fine okay I'm feeling much
better than I was feeling and I'm
supposed to see my doctor today but his
nurse called me just as I was getting
ready early this morning they said the
doctor was sick and I'd had to
reschedule my appointment doctors I
suppose again see mm-hmm well anyway
today I'll be making some popcorn in my
nostalgia popcorn popper well I'll show
you this is what I'll be using my
nostalgia popcorn maker didn't got a
little wire thingy that it turns around
red button on the back - on/off switch
and this actually is the bulb but I
always cut my popcorn and put it in my
big old slow cooker empty slow cooker
see that okay and I'll show you how I
make my popcorn tastes just like movie
theater popcorn this is what I use and
I'll be using this for about four years
now this is my second big old jar of
this pure coconut oil and it has beta
carotene in it that gives it this orange
flavor
I mean color and it colors the popcorn
you can use just regular white coconut
oil to put that in there are you
something coffee flavour car I've been
using this for about four years this
last a long time but you don't need that
much this is the salt I think it's some
kind of flavoring in the south it makes
it you popcorn tastes better then
regular sup
and it helps turn the popcorn kernels on
yellow
okay and of course the popcorn any kind
of popcorn would do so I'm start with my
are you I'm use couple scoops this is
the fourth cup I'm use a couple of these
so I say
half a cup not quite a half a cup of
this oil and it's hard now sometimes
this just liquidy you know our coconut
oil does when it gets too hot in the
house turns to liquid y'all see when I
put a blob there and a blob on the other
side so it's close to one third of a cup
that I'm using I must return this moon
so I can start heating up the poor you
so he's got a third cup and it seems to
last forever but like I said this is my
second container of it and I've been
using this for four years
okay put my flavour car is about a
tablespoon just a bit one tablespoon of
the flavor car I'm gonna put it right in
here on the top of the coconut oil
we'll be evenly distributed you don't
need as much salt then use less it's up
to you okay get spread all around in
there just get good and hot and melt all
the audio before I put the popcorn in
there you try not to get none of this
cuff net or on your clothes cuz I'm sure
it was staining I'm use almost a cup of
popcorn seeds I'm filling it almost to
the top just a little more than 3/4 of a
cup more than 1/2 ok let's go put it all
in there put the top on it
y'all see that thing spinning around
okay just take this on lid up on this
will take about three minutes to finish
Bachmann so I'll let it start popping in
let y'all see that and the top of here
has Vince in here so condensation
doesn't it up in here and steam
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
nice and buttery looking it is I always
put mean walk to use this is regular
scoop with nice big old bowl of popcorn
just about all the kernels popped
popcorn looks taste
what some Benji you want some okay one
of my grandson's is over here doing this
homework his mother took water somewhere
Thanks supposed to drive I'm still kind
of dizzy put you something in the bag
okay oh you want a bowl doesn't stay
around my house too long and my
grandkids love it you just being nosy
ain't e-grants learners ask me how many
subscribers I have because it doesn't
say I know it anyway y'all if you like
this video please give me a thumbs up
leave a nice comment and subscribe to my
channel and you know what today is
Shannon oz birthday so I want to give
her a birthday shoutout happy birthday
she's not now and I still want to call
you Sheneneh happy birthday and I want
you to really enjoy your special day
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]