well we have some seeds we're going to
start today so I'm gonna go to the
refrigerator excuse the mess
I was so clean Angela and this is one of
the seats each we're gonna start today
and as you can tell I think they're
gonna germinate pretty good feeling that
are gonna germinate so we're gonna start
some ginseng today this is the second
time we've attempted it first time we
did not get any germination so in this
video we'll discuss what we did wrong
the first time
and obviously we got them to germinate
this time we'll tell you what we did and
the rest we're gonna learn as we go so
we can help you get to the germination
point after that you'll just have to
watch the series and see if we are
successful or not who knows we'll give
it a shot we have a tray with peat pots
there's 52 the tray just a little kit we
bought we're gonna use this for the
ginseng ginseng has a tap root you know
this is the first time we've grown it I
do know it has a tap root so we really
can't use the plastic trays that we
typically would use with the cells
because you know it won't come out of
the out of the cell well so these are
awful small these jiffy pots and these
little pee pots so what we'll do is as
the plant gets bigger we will transfer
it to a bigger peat pot we'll just put
the smaller one inside of another one
and we'll let the taproot grow its way
through it should do that without a
problem is actually a fairly good sized
hole in the bottom of these so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna plant the
ginseng seeds in here and then see how
they do we'll have them in our
greenhouse and we'll go from there
I saw our ginseng seed we did get from
Johnny select seeds this is a second
time we've gotten seed from them the
first time we retried isn't saying we
were not successful I'd sure I kept the
seed all winter try to end the spring
and got absolutely no results and that
was all my fault
so I feel like one of the channels i
watch old camp
I need a disclaimer here I am definitely
not a ginseng expert this will be the
second time we've tried it the only
reason I know it's going to germinate is
it's already has so the mistake I made
the first time was we did not keep the
seeds moist I just cut them like I kept
my other seeds in a garbage can and on
unheated building and they dried out
this time when I got the seeds and the
seeds come the following or the previous
year so I ordered them in the spring of
last year and I got them in September
read the directions this time that
always helps and they said don't let
your seeds dry out so I thought to
myself oh I'll just throw him the
refrigerator and I threw him the
refrigerator and every couple months I'd
take a look at them and you know they
there still was moisture in the bag from
respiration of the seeds like you can
see right here and I guess it was about
January I took a look at him and noticed
that they were starting to look dry so I
just put some water from the faucet in
and put them back in the refrigerator
and you know a couple days later I took
another look and I noticed that there
was ice in there
our refrigerator runs cold sometimes and
there was chunks of ice in there and I
thought well geez you know I killed him
that's not good but I decided to you
know give a chance and just wait and see
what happened and that was that was
about January and then in February I
noticed they were starting to split that
they were starting to germinate and as
we've come in to March and are
approaching a April you can see that
there's growth they should have been
started before this
we were just out of state where I had to
get the greenhouse reading and we're at
that point now so I'm going to get them
in so we've made our holes I'm just
gonna simply set the seeds in lightly
sprinkle some growing medium over them
and we'll document the journey from here
on out we'll see how it goes I do think
the the greenhouse is gonna be an OK
environment I think it will be warm
enough and I'm not worried about light
right away there their shade loving
plants and I know the greenhouse gets
quite a bit of Sun I guess what I'm
hoping is an in nature that they would
come up and there wouldn't be a lot of
tree cover leaf cover when they come up
so that when they were seeding seedling
they can take some Sun is what I'm
hoping I could be really wrong there
well we'll just have to wait and see and
that as the season goes on is one
they'll need to be more in the shade so
what I'm hoping is just get them through
in the greenhouse until the temperatures
warm enough outside so they won't be
hurt by the cold temperatures I know
they're native to this area that you
know they should be able to take some
cold but I think the ones in my
refrigerator are a little farther along
than the ones that you'd find outside
right now yeah it could be totally wrong
like I said I'm not an expert but you
know as you see there's still quite a
bit of snow outside
so we'll try the greenhouse if I feel
like they're getting too much Sun here
in the greenhouse I can always put them
underneath the benches where it's shade
here so put them in will cover them up
and we'll see how they do
so we look forward to you coming along
with the journey with us and thanks for
watching