what's going on guys repairs and reviews
here today I'm gonna do a little
something different
recently I've been cooking with cast
iron and specifically a large cast iron
skillet now what I have done I started
with a the ten and a quarter cast iron
and this is it this is the lodge I think
it's ten and a quarter but I've recently
got this probably a month or two ago and
I've just been cooking everything in it
and the shine that you see here is this
stuff here and it's it's awesome
it actually after you're done seasoning
and everything it actually when you
squeeze it in and it's hot or warm it
goes to a nice liquid oil and you just
wipe everything down and when it cools
it kind of hardens a little bit and puts
this protective coating on it but this
isn't just your everyday average Lodge
pan and I'll show you why it's nice
smooth smooth around the handle smooth
around here on the sides and on the
bottom I've smooth that out quite a bit
and the reason I did that I'll show you
here I've been cooking with it so much
that I can't fit enough stuff in it so
I'm upgrading to the 12 inch and the
reason like I said why I smoothed it out
and I see a lot of people doing this
let's take a look at that surface
it's really
it's really rough if you sit them
side-by-side in comparison this is it's
not perfect but it is ten times better
than a new pan and I attempted to cook
straight out you know it claims that
it's pre-seasoned and I attempted to
cook with it and I had no luck we use
plenty of oil plenty of butter whatever
I used to grease the pan did not really
make a difference and stuff would just
fill and burn into the pores and I was
like man I got to do something with this
so I want to show you how I smooth this
pan out and I'm gonna do it the same to
my 12 inch before I even bother using it
because I know it's just gonna piss me
off so how I did it you don't want to
use a power drill cordless drill
something like that this is an Avant a
quick strip disc pad it goes straight
into the drill just like that I got this
at Home Depot's wasn't too bad they have
men stocks I'm gonna want that that is
like it says like the name says quick
strip then what I did to really further
it is I took a sander here and I have
some I believe it's 320 grit sandpaper
and really focused on the center and why
I did that is because this this is
really rough and if you if you stay in
one spot or you're not moving it enough
and you're not staying even it will just
show a bunch of marks in it and it
doesn't appear very smooth and then
finally and I do this to the bottom the
lip the side and even the edge kind of
the rim around here also with quick
strip and I
sanded the bottom as much as possible
and I come back and finally hit it with
some scotch brite and this is just a
half of a sheet you don't need that much
I just like to get a handful but we're
gonna get started so I don't hopefully
have a very long video but you're going
to want to do this in a well-ventilated
ventilated area because this just kicks
a ton of dust up and you really don't
want to breathe this stuff in so if you
have a mask great I might add I got it
from Target
I don't normally shop at Target but this
was on sale I got the 12-inch
for like seventeen dollars which I
believe is like a dollar or two more
than I paid on Amazon for my 10 inch so
we're gonna get started here alright I'm
just at the edge of my garage door and I
actually have a fan right here kind of
blowing out the door it's kind of dark
out so I'm trying to do it inside
getting dark early now so I'm gonna get
started and what you want to do is you
know don't go crazy with this because it
does take a lot off quickly and like I
said use it in a well-ventilated area or
wear a mask or something because the pre
seasoning and all the rough you know
parts of the cast iron that you are
taking off is it stinks it's not good
it's not healthy for you just be
cautious of that so once you do this
once you start doing it just move it
around don't stay in the same spot you
don't want to create grooves or anything
so here we go
[Music]
now I've already done the other cast
iron with this and it doesn't seem to be
taking it off as quickly as the other
one probably because it's filled the
pores a little bit but it's still going
to work it might just take a little more
time so you see I'm just keeping it
moving and eventually now I'll just do
it right now but I just stay at this lip
right here and just right where the flat
meets the side I try and work it in
there
[Music]
and I just continue to work it and I
eventually come over and and tilt the
pan and and really get in here and I
also like I said do the edge and I even
go as far as probably about here on the
handle
[Music]
now I'm probably gonna make a separate
video on how I personally season this
because it would obviously take way too
long to do both but this is strictly
stripping it and then cleaning it after
you're done you want to clean it and dry
it really well so I'm gonna get to this
and I'll show you what I've got all
right I didn't spend too long on this
probably just five minutes with the
drill
and this doesn't there's no give it's
it's solid so working the edges is
probably the most time consuming but you
know once you get to this point and I've
dumped this out quite a few times just
right outside the door but you know
there's all the stuff that comes off all
the rough cast iron and the factory
seasoning so I'm just going to dump that
now and this is this isn't practical for
the sides it's only really practical for
the middle just on the flat cooking
surface I use this on the sides and
everywhere else and also you know it's
it's kind of a rough edge it's a cast
iron so I took this kind of that angle
and just kind of rounded that edge just
a little bit on both sides just to kind
of have a smoother transition and I
apologize for this piece of crap it just
stays on but it's what I got
keep it moving
[Music]
very nice very nice and I you heard the
compressor kick on if you haven't seen
my video about the Husky 30 gallon air
compressor it is doing very well and I
highly recommend it so I have a review
on that if you want to check my channel
I might continue doing it just kind of
in this area just where I think I might
want to smooth out just a hair more and
then we'll go back and hand polish it
all right polish it up probably another
couple minutes I mean it didn't take
long and because of the angle of this I
couldn't really get a angle to really
get on the side so the very center is
just very very very smooth and this this
is smooth but it's just not basically
this is hit the center the whole time I
tried to tilt it a little bit to avoid
the center but I don't think it's gonna
make that big a difference I would have
liked to have gotten it all that smooth
but I don't want to take too much
material off so here comes probably the
most time-consuming part is taking my
scotch brite and really working the
edges making sure I get down in between
the flat and the sidewall because this
can't do it and the voluntee quick strip
is just pretty much quick strip it is
not fine-tuning it's not super smooth so
she's some scotch brite you could also
just take some some sandpaper and
probably polish it up - it's no big deal
scotch brite works really good and we
have an abundance of it at work so
do this I'm not gonna make you watch me
but also and I did this on the other pan
also I turn it over and just hit it with
the scotch-brite just to kind of smooth
out any burrs or casting you know from
when it was made and molded cast
whatever because I have a glass stovetop
so I do that to help provide a smooth
surface so I don't get any scratches and
I have been cooking on this with all my
glass stovetop with my 10-inch cast iron
with no issues
one thing you just want to do or not do
rather is once it's on the glass is
slide it around you know you could
probably rotate it and do what you need
to do but just don't slam it down
definitely don't slam it down and just
don't don't move it around a whole lot
don't slide it around and you could
probably see that smooths out quite a
bit compared to you know this this holds
the old old new seasoning that comes on
the pan so I'm just going to do this and
show you the finished product here is
the finished product this piece of crap
grass something the center is just
smooth as glass around I mean it it's
it's smooth probably around until tell
about maybe an inch half inch from the
sides kind of where that orbital sander
couldn't reach you could hand do this
with some scotch brite or some some
sandpaper and and really get it perfect
but this is all you need
it makes night and day difference when
you're actually
cooking and using it so and I did like I
said I rounded the lip I did the lip of
the rim and I took the scotch brite
pretty much everywhere on the outside
also I didn't want to take off too much
material on the outside but just to
smooth it out any like I said any rough
spots from where it was cast I don't
really mess with this handle that much
because I mean you don't really need to
but I do go probably a half inch past
the handle but there it is and that is
going to be a great pan for years to
come
and I'll show you hopefully in another
video how I seasoned this and from here
you definitely want to go wash it
because there was you know cast iron
dust I mean look at my fingers just
pouring out of here when I blew it with
the blow nozzle on the air compressor so
you're gonna want to wash this very well
and then dry it also and I wouldn't just
you know paper towel dry it how I do it
and you can do it stovetop I guess I
start to grill up and well after I wash
it even if it's still wet I go lay it on
the grill and close the lid and make
sure this is 100% dry and ready for
seasoning and the way I did my other pan
I kind of alternated I did not have this
stuff when i season my other pan I just
used vegetable oil one time and then I
got it seasoned and hot on the grill and
then I wiped it down with some olive oil
the second time and I just kind of
alternated the oils and just kept it
well oiled inside and out and just
seasoned it on the grill so it didn't
smoke the house up so hopefully I'll
have a video of that but from this point
dry season and enjoy this has been
repairs and reviews thanks for watching