hey guys it's me chier caribbeanpot.com
what kind of foolishness I on anyways
guys look what I'm doing today I've got
some oxel and that's all it is oxel and
some vegetable oil Browning Chris
cariban p. come always a pleasure to
have you guys here in the kitchen with
me this is going to be a sort of a long
recipe in the sense that it has to brace
for a couple hours because it's being Ox
still someone left the freezer door open
we have one of those standing freezers
downstairs someone left the door open
everything taught out in there Mista
oxel is very expensive in the stores so
though I wouldn't plan on making this
recipes this one here I'm calling my
freezer shut down on me and I'm putting
everything I have in the kitchen and
that is why you seeing all kind of
potato all kind of scallion Scotch
bonnet pepper all kind of good thing
going in this so this year we're doing a
sto steale with everything from the
fridge so the oxil and this is a couple
pounds of ox Steel 2 tbsp of vegetable
oil
on medium heat medium high heat I've
been Browning it for about five maybe
about 6 7 minutes or so and all I'm
doing is removing it out of the um the
pot cuz you want to create some flavors
and typically in the Caribbean we love
to marinate our meat to season it up and
marinate it
overnight to really take on a lot of
flavor but because this is going to I'm
turn my heat down on low because this is
going to be cooking for so long it
really doesn't make sense marinating
because when we cook this for 2 hours 2
and 1/2 hours brazing away it is going
to develop all those lovely flavors a
marinade would do so in goes some onion
couple cloves of garlic some
scallions as well as some
celery and I'm pretty much as I told you
guys using this about every little
flavor ingredient I'm finding in the
refrigerator so with my heat on low I'm
just going to going to sweat that down
for about 4 minutes next up I'm going to
hit it with some fresh ground black
pepper and I've got here some all spice
or pimento berries and this here is
where you're going to get that key
flavor from so I've got what three 3 six
seven about seven of those let we add
two more for good
measurement just going to create a
little space put everything to the side
cuz what I'm going to add with some
tomato paste something not too popular
in the Caribbean yet it's going to add a
lovely flavor and help give us some rich
color and I just want to toast that down
a little bit and I usually get it in the
tube because then all I do I seal it and
put it back in the fridge so if you guys
are interested in uh using tomato paste
I would suggest getting the one in tube
and all I'm going to do now is move that
around to sort of toast that tomato
paste on the bottom of the pan here and
that's going to release all the some
sugars in oh boy smelling good it's now
time to add back those brown pieces and
any sort of juice that was warmed while
we're sitting
there be sure to scrap that into the
pop turn the heat up to medium high
remember we had it that a little while
we were sweating the onions and all
that and then add some water soz we want
to cover this because this has to slowly
braze away for a couple hours make sure
it's cover with water so I'm going to
add a bit more water
in bring that up to a boil but before we
do we've got Mr Scotch Bonet pepper Mr
Caribbean Sunshine boom whole just so as
well as some soy sauce that's going to
add some nice body as well as color to
this if you don't have soy sauce or if
you prefer using um Browning gravy uh
gravy Browning or Browning as we call it
in the Caribbean do so now remember I
use soy sauce in there I'm going to go
light with the
salt bring that up to a boil and then we
got to let that
simmer I'm sure it's come up to a boil
now at that Sim
Sim can't forget some fresh th toss that
thyme in there we're going to reduce
this to low put the lid back on there
and let that simmer for at least 2
hours it's been going for a couple hours
now and um we're going to do a couple
things I've got here three
potatoes that I uh cut up into chunks as
well as one carrot cuz the oxtail are
not as tender as I would want it to be
I'm going to cook this for another 40 45
minutes or so I want this falling of the
bone by adding the potato and the carrot
I'm stretching this dish so a lot more
people can enjoy this goes great with
rice and peas and boy there's all kind
of different ways you can enjoy this
stewed oxtail
but now I'm going to just sort
of make sure all that potato is is in
the
liquid and we're going to let that go
for about half an hour at a half an hour
Point what we're going to do is to taste
it for salt and add some and then
continue for the last 15 minutes or so
to sort of thicken up the gravy if you
want this is the point where you're
going to remove that Scotch bonnet
pepper but I want it in there I'm going
to burst it actually cuz I want that
fire that heat that kick from there so
back goes on the
lid and let that go for about 40 minutes
more one thing I forgot to quickly
mention to you guys if you find that you
need some more liquid during that
brazing process do add about a cup more
water or so in there just to make sure
you have enough liquid in there to get
this Ox steel nice and
tender just look at that nice thick
gravy the potatoes are looking nice and
tender just going to turn off my heat
here's here's where you're going to
taste it for salt adjust accordingly if
you want to give this another layer of
flavor hit them with about 1/4 teaspoon
to maybe half a teaspoon of brown sugar
it is going to really pick this up and
speaking about pick it up I have here
some chopped
parsley that's just to brighten that up
a little bit my heat is off this is good
to go if you can't afford
um oxil as I said oxil is M Ox in the
grocery store it is very very expensive
a good alternative believe it or not is
turkey necks yeah man give turkey necks
some a try next time instead of the oxs
you're going to love it Chris
caribbeanpot.com give this oxs to you a
chance my fridge is nice and clean now
because I put all my stuff in here boy
my belly going to love
this