what is that my beautiful Marcin welcome
back to my kitchen today you guys have
requested it and today I'm finally doing
it we're doing the DIY giant s'mores
first you can need some butter lots of
butter just throw all this butter
straight into the machine okay not like
that Marley you're gonna slowly put the
butter in like this start turning it
where you need to cream the butter in
some other ingredients together right
now but just keep putting as much butter
as you can as you can see the butter is
gonna start attaching to the hook you
want to put in these two cups of brown
sugar dark brown sugar brown sugar in
general works it started to get really
sticky so we started just jab at them
you know double teamed it here we go
brown sugar now we were mixing it and
it's getting better and better you want
to get some dark corn syrup and just
pour it and gently like this yes yes
graham crackers man I didn't know this
is how it was made but now that you have
creamed everything in this pot it's time
to mix your dry ingredients you got some
baking soda and flour there's the flour
okay just mix that into the butter and
all the other stuff add a little bit of
water mix it all together and then you
want to work in all the flour eventually
into this once you do that it's gonna be
this awesome doughy consistency like
look at this right here Wow look at it
just use your hands now it's a point
where you just got to make sure the
flour really gets incorporated to your
graham cracker you just want to keep
moving around
eventually you can just get it into a
nice ball like this and set it on your
table get all the nice graham cracker
out of there and just knead it just play
with it have a great time and make sure
to just mix it all up and massage the
graham cracker all around like this move
it all around into a nice little ball
and then you want to wrap it up and get
ready to let it rest for about thirty
minutes because you know graham crackers
got a rest yeah anyways it's been 30
minutes now I took the graham cracker
out and I'm gonna just lay here cut it
right in half oh yeah oh look at that
and I'm gonna use this pan as a guide ER
to make my giant graham cracker so I'm
gonna just use this thing to measure
it's gonna be ten by ten and I'm just
gonna poke these little holes so they
look like backpackers yes yep he's not
even baked yet I'm so excited to get
them
now we have created it to 375 degrees
let's put them in there
ah yes come on my little got records get
in here and rest and grow ha ha ha ha ha
I've been fifteen minutes now oh look at
our graham cracker oh my gosh it is
massive Oh
time to make the marshmallow fluffiness
we got to add some sugar and then we
want to add some salt and then we're
gonna add some corn syrup lots of corn
syrup tons of corn syrup like so much
corn syrup yeah Oh more cards yeah yeah
I scored syrup and water that's the
boring one but it's okay you know
someone's gonna be the water we're gonna
mix it all together
mix it all nice and then heat it up and
then it's gonna be white and it's gonna
boil and adding water and some gelatin
to make what's called a gelatin balloon
which is that's what makes a marshmallow
fluffy it is here's some corn syrup gets
like big fluffy we're gonna do that in a
second but we first want to mix these in
together get this nice and emulsified so
now that our water and gelatin or mix it
up it's gonna be one of eight times
we're doing this to make a giant
marshmallow we have one cup of our corn
syrup mixture just gonna pour it down
the edge
it's gonna slowly mix together I'm gonna
speed this up eventually we're gonna
have it whipping so fast and turn into
marshmallow and I'm gonna do this eight
different times and so I'm just gonna
speed this up and show me pouring the
marshmallow into the giant pan so you
guys don't have to watch me to do this
eight times
oh yeah look how fluffy that is this is
the first of eight times I'm doing it
probably but I'm not going to show you
every single time I'm doing it I'm just
gonna show you like baby number five and
six and two apparently I'm showing you
number two right here oh yeah okay we're
jumping to like the end one oh look at
that
trust me this took hours but I'm only
showing you parts of it you're welcome
giant marshmallows take a really long
time to make but I do it cuz I love you
guys so big thumbs up for me all right
guys it has been a whole day now I have
my giant marshmallow right here
hopefully it came out perfect for giant
s'mores um oh I feel like something's
coming feel like something something
coming oh oh yeah look at this giant
marshmallow oh hello darling you're so
beautiful let me get you all nice and
dusted so you're not sticky what is so
amazing you mungus it's the perfect
marshmallow for my giant s'mores look um
I just wanna take back okay I can't I
can't control myself because we gotta
make a giant s'more with this all right
so now I'm gonna prep my giant graham
crackers as you can see they're a little
bit off because you know the baking
process I grab the first one and I put
it on top of the second one and now I'm
gonna just make sure they're even and
just just start to cut to have a giant
grin hacker piece right here and forget
the giant chocolate bar oh my gosh look
how big this thing is look it here's my
giant marshmallow here's my head here's
the chocolate bar let's open this bad
boy up Sean
oh my goodness so much chocolate we good
oh sure chocolate oh wow
if you're not from America this is an
American delight called a s'more so you
get a graham cracker you get a big piece
of chocolate you get a giant marshmallow
right here set it right on top like that
and you know sometimes you have a little
extra chocolate you go ahead and just
throw that right on there ma'am and then
you get your other graham cracker crust
and just look it up our s'more this is a
giant s'more the chocolates right here
oh my goodness I might make the
chocolate stick out of it more for stuck
reasons you see this huge okay I'm gonna
attempt to lift it up I might break this
paddle guys we only might get one chance
at lifting this thing up okay here we go
Hey it's so heavy oh so I move the big
piece of chocolate to the bottom because
I thought it would just look so much
cooler to have the chocolate combined a
lot of chocolate is more fun look at
this Norville oh my gosh I can't wait to
eat you
[Music]
but Marlon how can you even call this a
s'more if it's not even toasted I can
fix that let's do a taste test this
looks so delicious oh okay here we go
I first bite into my own giant some more
in three and two and one
oh I'm gonna get someone's died he's so
good oh my god God his eyes Moore's life
you can take a beautiful cookie in just
like ah ah yeah Oh creamy look at that
and so delicious guys break up Beast
chocolate ah
no a little piece right there hmm I can
hit this so good I love that written by
our friends over our friends come eat
your - s'mores at your dance mores party
with you I wish I could fit all this in
my mouth so you take one big giant bite
for you guys but it's like it's really
impossible it's like so hard to do but I
I'm telling you guys right now there's
the perfect winter treat summer treat
spring treat every tree is like just so
delicious and it's crispy
hmm I love it ah thank you guys so much
for watching me make a giant s'more to
add so much fun like if you guys make
this recipe please tweet me or snapchat
me your giant s'mores I want to see them
I'm the king of giant marshals I've made
the most giant marshmallows on the
Internet I want to see them evident to
me I would like to see them I will see
you guys tomorrow please give this video
a big thumbs up it took me a really long
like this giant smork a really heavy
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 12 p.m.
for another new video
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]