hi guys welcome back to my channel today
I'm gonna make Cambodian hotpot sauce
and it's my favorite hotpot sauce and
it's so easy to make please stay tuned
and here are the ingredients instant
Sara shrimp paste cocoa Rica soda soya
bean curd sauce chicken broth coconut
milk and Chinese barbecue sauce let's
get started guys in a big pot we combine
all the sauce together the first thing
we need is the Chinese barbecue sauce
and we will add the whole jar into the
pan
[Music]
and the second gradient is the instants
our shrimp pace and we will also need a
whole jar of that
[Music]
and the third ingredient is the Coco
Rico soda and we will also need a whole
can of the soda
[Music]
and a fourth ingredient is the soybean
curd sauce and we would only need half
of it
[Music]
to thin out the sauce we will need about
32 ounce chicken broth
[Music]
to make the sauce rich creamy and
coconutty we will need to add our 1 can
of coconut milk
[Music]
after we add in our coconut milk now
it's good time to turn on the heat to
high we would heat the sauce and tilt
boils once it start boiling we'll let it
boil for another five to ten minutes and
then we could turn off the heat and
now's a good time to taste it to see if
it needs extra seasoning
[Music]
since I like it a little bit more
sweeter I added about 3 tbsp of sugar
[Music]
our component hotpot sauce is done guys
this sauce is spicy salty sweet and sour
all at the same time and it would
definitely lit up your case but you can
use it as a dipping sauce or ask the
sauce to cook your meat and vegetable
for hotpot thanks guys for watching
please like subscribe and kampala and I
will see you in my next video
[Music]