everyone loves Japanese guns I'm going
to show you how to design them this
first video will show you the various
elements of a Japanese garden and part
two will show you how to design using
these elements
first a few principles of Japanese
garden designs Japanese gardens are
traditionally designed to be a natural
place for rest and relaxation and are
not driven by ego they exercise
restraint and modesty
this doesn't mean be boring be modest
also how did the reason Japanese gardens
feel so different is that there is often
no geometric order that we are used to
seeing in guns so let's get started here
are some really interesting and
traditional elements of Japanese gardens
these are garden components designed to
be idealized representations of the
landscape of Japan water is an extremely
important part of Japanese gardens water
bodies were used to represent lakes
rivers oceans and swamps an important
tip however for Japanese gardens is to
not show the entire water body have a
disappearing around the corner or behind
rocks a unique alternative to water is
the use of sand or granite aggregate to
represent water
often these are combed into shapes or
patterns and are referred to as dry
Gardens water bodies were often
accompanied by large boulders or rocks
representing the islands and mountains
of Japan folders can be clustered
together or kept singular like real
islands and they were often covered or
partially covered in moss or vegetation
it is very important to bury the rocks
2/3 deep to create the most
natural-looking rockwork waterfalls were
used regularly and often they were
created within the valley between two
Rock mountains Hills were often created
out of the leftover soil from digging
the pond
traditionally three or four hills of
different sizes were the best
arrangement and the representation of
Mount Fuji was considered to be the most
desirable let's have a look at some more
elements of Japanese gardens that aren't
idealized representations of the
Japanese landscape Parvez play a few
special roles in Japanese gardens they
wander through the site instead of
following straight lines and lead to
views they can be made of earth rocks
and wood but a common tool is to use a
regularly placed stepping stones
this is a technique that forces the
visitor to slow down and embrace the
sight Japanese gardens had an emphasis
on creating planned views that reveal
the garden as you move through the site
you can use dense vegetation walls and
curvy paths to hide the garden to create
specific views bridges been used to
create crossings but will also often use
as a point to create views from rounder
bridges will often use so that when the
reflection is viewed in the water below
a full circle is created wall served a
few different functions they help to
enclose the space so that it could be
private sheltered and peaceful but they
did not shut out the surrounds
completely instead use of interesting
parts of the gardens were created
lastly walls were often made out of
Adobe creating a natural feel wouldn t
houses are a common structure in the
Japanese garden they are often found in
a secluded part of the gardens and are
elevated off the ground to prevent wood
rot in the moist Japanese climate they
use screen doors that help to open the
room to the garden so that the inside
and outside do not seem separate but in
harmony stone lanterns Wells and wash
basins were common in Japanese gardens
Japanese gardens usually include on this
small variety of plants for a single
site some common plants include bamboo
cherries maples Pines
azaleas and mosses other plant features
include the use of dwarf planting and
plants prune to be representations of
clouds it is important to remember
however the Japanese Gunz
traditionally exists with
cool moist climate if your environment
at home is different you will have to
adjust your planting to suit the
environment speak to your local greenery
to find out these plants or similar
plants to best suit your garden as said
earlier Japanese gardens when natural
places and therefore use natural
materials wood stone sand Adobe Earth
and steer away from unnatural materials
such as steel and rubber so there we go
a Japanese garden can include any or
many of these now we can move on to part
two and learn how to design using them