hi cats cradle here this video really
isn't about canning but I just thought
I'd tack it on uh the beginning of this
video to share with you an experience I
had yesterday I realized that after I
got finished making the gooseberry jam I
didn't show you how it looked when it
came out of the caner it's absolutely
beautiful and I don't know if you can
see at the top of this jar but there's a
space there when I tilt it it doesn't
move at all this perfectly gelled
without any pecon at all so the
gooseberries contain enough pectin not
only to gel themselves but I probably
had oh maybe
one3 uh to a little better of
strawberries in there so it also had
enough not only to gel themselves but
the strawberries I put in there we all
had this for breakfast on our toast
today and have decided Ed that it's
probably the best Jam we have ever eaten
so I will be getting a gooseberry Bush
I'm probably going to my friend's house
today to take a cutting see if I can
root it uh absolutely delicious the
other thing I love I like about it that
I don't think I mentioned is I have
never seen any birds in her Gooseberry
Bush and I think it's because of the
really long Thorns there's some about an
inch and a half long thorns in that bush
and I can pick the berries pretty much
without getting stuck and if I do get
stuck it doesn't hurt very much but I
think it's enough to keep the birds out
I've never seen and I've never seen any
insect bites or little bird pecs on the
gooseberries at all every one I pick is
just uh perfect without almost without
exception without a blemish so that's a
really good thing to know the other
thing
is I have never
seen pardon me any of that fruit on the
ground it really does stay very attached
to the bush you have to deliberately
pull it off and even when you're
cleaning them even the blossom the dead
Blossom doesn't fall off you have to
pick the blossom off of the berry when
you get ready to clean them and use them
so uh I think it's just a durable great
little fruit that uh I'm going to put in
my food storage it is absolutely
delicious with the strawberries so uh
what I really wanted to tell you was I
bought these canning jars the label on
this is the name is Golden Harvest I
bought them at
Dollar General at the end of the season
when they ran them on sale they
originally were like 750 for a case of
them and I think they they eventually
got down to about $2 a case so I bought
some thinking okay they're probably not
the greatest drawers in the world but if
I'm not going to use them in a a
pressure caner if I'm just going to use
them for jelly or tomato sauce or
something they'll probably be okay and
and they did work okay every single jar
sealed uh and they're cute little jars
you can't hardly see it right here but
they've got embossed fruits on the side
really cute little jar but I will not
use the lids or the Rings again when I
put them in my boiling water caner uh I
noticed that they were kind of taking on
the immediately this cloudy look on the
metal surfaces and it really attracted
any hardness in my water and here's one
that I really scraped and scrubbed clean
but it took a lot of effort and when I
got done I don't know if you can tell
the difference but this one now look
silver where they were originally kind
of a gold color and after I got I did
like two of them and it took forever and
I thought forget it it's just not that
important so when I get done with these
I'll either use them to vacuum seal food
and jars or I'll just throw them away no
great loss but the rings that were on
them as well took on this cloudy color
you can see here's one where I started
scraping and scratch and trying to get
it off it's it's just not worth it so uh
I'm I'm just going to leave them I will
probably not purchase these jars again
and if I do I will throw away the lids
and the Rings cuz I I don't like the way
that looks at all not that it hurts the
product but um I don't know it's
probably just some kind of cheap metal
so anyway that's that let's get on with
what I really came here to do today a
lot of you have commented on how much
you like uh how I'm teaching you how to
make your own salad dressing so that we
can get away from the GM soybean oil
that's in all the commercially prepared
dressings I think I have so far I have
taught you how to make a ranch dressing
mix an Italian dressing and from the
Italian dressing how to make a caesar
dressing so today I'm going to make a
recipe I'm going to make a big salad for
supper It's a pasta salad I'm glad I got
my my berry canning done yesterday
because it was a relatively cool day
today's it's going to be a scorcher when
I got up at 3:00 this morning to let the
dogs out and open the back door the
temperature overnight had not dropped at
all it was warm so I knew today was
going to be a really hot day so I'm
going to get my pasta bowl for my salad
early while it's still cool and then I
don't have to cook anything tonight but
in order to make that pasta salad I need
to show you how to make french dressing
and a lot of you have asked uh for the
recipe for French dressing so we're
going to do that I I'm not particularly
a fan of French dressing if I'm eating a
green salad that would never be one of
my choices to uh to pour over the top of
my dressing but I do use French dressing
in two recipes I make one of them I'm
going to make today this video will
exclusively be about how to make the
French dressing and then you'll if
you'll look um I'll post another video
today with this same date on how to make
the pasta salad I'm going to make it it
has an interesting story it's a great
family recipe and the story of how we
got the recipe is really funny so you'll
want to check that out too so anyway
let's go to the kitchen and make some
French
dressing all right here we go French
dressing
in your blender I'll put the recipe
below so don't worry about the
measurements right now in your blender
you put your oil I don't care what kind
you use uh you can use you wouldn't want
to use extra virgin olive oil because
you don't want it to taste like that you
would you could use a um a light olive
oil if you wanted to so any kind of oil
and your ketchup goes in can be homeade
ketchup starb ketchup doesn't matter
sugar goes
in on this plate I have some onion some
salt and some paprika
whoops pick those two pieces up you know
what I'm going to add a little Cracked
Pepper hold on let me grab
it here we
go pray
is videoing this for
me okay
and a splash
of lemon juice
there we
go put the lid
on tell me how hard that was I'm going
to put it into two jars one that's going
to stay in my refrigerator in the house
the other that's going to go outside to
my auxiliary
refrigerator set this over here sorry to
get in front of the camera going let
prepper a
taste tell me what you
think oh that's
delicious how easy was that takes you
just a couple of minutes to make french
dressing it's wonderful check for the
recipe below let me know how you like it
cat's cradle an gra just a tip for you
here you want to get you some of these
um jar canning jar lids they're plastic
lids and you can buy them at your big
box store but for things like dressing
that you're going to be pouring out of
all the time you may get a little
something on the rim you don't want to
use ready regular canning jar lids
because they're just they get sticky and
they're hard to get on and off get you
one of these for things like this that
you're going to be using pretty
quickly one more thing I might tell you
is is that uh in the blender since
you're using cold ketchup the uh sugar
will not dissolve completely as you
blend it you don't want to blend it a
long time because you don't want to get
the olive oil I mean the oil and the
onion hot so after it's set but right
before you use it just Stir It with a
spoon and that way uh you'll you'll re
uh distribute that sugar in there and
it'll be perfectly dissolved after it
sits for a little while uh this is
absolutely delicious I'm going to uh go
make another video right now showing you
how I'm going to use it
again C credle out