hello I'm Amelia Sega and I'm so excited
to share with you one of my favorite
winter soups passaglia
it is made with Mexican style hominy and
he has layers and layers of flavor
because I used two different types of
chilies and it can be made with both
pork and chicken or can be vegetarian
and this is what he you pepper and this
is a pasilla pepper I already have 10 of
each soaking in water and I'm going to
show you how to clean them before you
you are soak them I just took out the
seeds as well as some of the beans and
then in the in the water and because we
don't really want a lot of spice
component all we want is the color from
the peppers as well as the smoky flavors
that I love so much I'll let it sit for
about 3 minutes then I already have a
water boiling water I will add the
peppers and cook them for about 5
minutes and then I will be also cooking
the chicken I'll start by adding the pre
soaked peppers onto annal already
boiling water you don't take only about
5 minutes for the peppers to give out
their wonderful color and to also cook
cover it now and now I'm going to add
the chicken to also a boiling pot of
water and I'm using thighs and chicken
breasts
now I will add a whole head of garlic
three babies and a very nice big pinch
of salt once the water starts boiling
again I will skim off the phone and so
that the breath turns out very very
clear and flavorful it's going to take
five minutes to cook the peppers and
roughly about twenty minutes to cook the
chicken now that the chicken has been
cooking I'm going to remove the excess
fat as well as the foam the chickens
done and now I'm going to remove it from
the pot so that it cools down and I can
shred it in smaller pieces then I will
add the hominy which is can't and it's
about ten ten cups and you can find
mexican-style hominy at most
supermarkets I'm going to let the
chicken cool down and now I'm going to
add the hominy and while the hominy is
cooking I will be making the red chili
sauce to also add so that all of those
flavors come together
I have the cooked peppers here with two
cups of the water that they were cooked
in now I'm going to add a cup of this
delicious chicken broth as well as ten
cloves of garlic ten peppercorns eight
cloves teaspoon of oregano and a pinch
of salt
now I will blend it until pretty smooth
and creamy it's done it's creamy is the
texture that I was looking for and now I
will add it to the soup while the pasola
is gently simmering I will shred the
chicken and set it aside for later
because I do not wish to overcook the
chicken the pasola has been simmering
for half an hour and the hominy is
perfectly tender now I will add the
chicken
this posole recipe serves 12 or more
people looks great now I have here five
garnishes I'm missing cabbage and it has
crunchiness and just wonderful overall
flavor cilantro radishes serrano peppers
a pinch of Mexican oregano and my
favorite juice
delicious and with the second another
custom Pinot Noir Cabernet blend it will
be fabulous thanks for tuning in until
next time salud