hi everyone we're going to show you a
recipe today that
from the art of cooking on YouTube and
so okay to begin with if you saw our
last video we gained weight because we
love Chinese food too much so I went
online because we're never going to stop
eating Chinese food but perhaps we could
find a better way of making it neatly
eating it
so our two cooking I just love the
recipes he's got the full fat version
but he also in the recipe that we found
did a low-fat version so in order to
we're gonna do like a okay so his
recipes for chicken and broccoli but
we're going to add a ton more vegetables
and make it a bit different but one of
the ingredients in making this chicken
and broccoli is a brown sauce so we're
going to start by making the brown sauce
so this brown sauce is not HP sauce
which is also moving haha now if you
live in Canada and fun fact if you're
Canadian
H P stands for houses of parliament okay
moving right along so you require one to
two teaspoons of minced garlic
one to two teaspoons of minced ginger
right then um in the onion root onion
root green onion root two teaspoons and
he calls for two and a half tablespoons
of sugar I don't use sugar are you so
rude
yes are you summer C so Ellen is going
to put that in yeah okay I will post a
link mm-hmm
two and a half tablespoons of sugar
please two and a half tablespoons no
getting it ready for you 102 to one of
our sweet is a sugar substitute
let's do half of it okay hardly that's
got any more here then we need three
tablespoons of soy sauce
so you know we had to go to setting'
sources yeah oh you're using before we
had to go to Sony's supermarket in order
to get the ingredients for this store
because we don't have it layin on okay
please open it
two to three tablespoons in table so he
says Pearl River one two three
okay two tablespoons of cooking wine
okay Wow had fun finding that one two
and one for the chef yeah dude good good
- oh it does not taste good
1 tablespoon mushroom flavored dirt soy
sauce mushroom we'll start just start
the engines here like I said we had to
go shopping there was a chef oh we have
to do an unboxing how many of you
frigging one tablespoon this is always
just some consist of instant one
tablespoon hoisin sauce please
that's what your that's how Jerry Lewis
would say hoisin say burning microwave
on because we need 1.5 cup of poison
sauce 1 tablespoon Oh
the day the clown died the day the clown
two tablespoons of oyster sauce just so
you know we had to go out a second time
to get that one I thought I had all my
know you had fish flavored sauce from
Thailand which you know might be but
very thick as yes it is one use your
finger get it out okay or where's the
minis back to no no no I'll use my
finger we are on videos are handsome
good I didn't you see me wash and stuff
Hanson do you think my hands go I know
we're me oh yes stories chick
one teaspoon sesame oil we gotta start
this one please yeah Wow one teaspoon
summertime items he's into food later
dealer wonders go tell me
and one and a half cups of chicken or
vegetable stock stock Eagle warm I put
it in the microwave problem solvent oops
look spelling whoops okay I got it
oh you have don't have to technique it
and then sprinkle with a little sprinkle
of white pepper here that we get that oh
it smells good wait so sweet like brown
sauce
I don't even know what brown sauce smoke
yeah sounds smells like the Chinese I'm
guessing Maikel Franco I like more I
don't think so
just sprinkle pepper long pepper love
okay so then you let that cool and drain
off and the roots or things super
insider and then that is what you use as
the base called for potato starch we
searched everywhere funnies and all we
could find a sweet potato starch so I
hope that's what he's talking about and
that we looked high and low in there and
there's a lot of rice starches and he
said that you can you you can put it in
the fridge for up to a week or you can
freeze it so whatever we have left will
probably freeze but we're making a big
batch of stuff tonight though I'm
imagining them we're gonna have to kind
of double the sauce recipe part because
we're gonna make a lot of a lot more
than just chicken and broccoli we're
gonna use a whole bunch of vegetables
okay to time you be
you