so this has been here a long time what's
interesting about this
okay I took a a just late a bead down
here but what do you notice the
cappuccino latte is done here what what
do you notice
you
it's spread like crazy didn't it it's
also all over the back so coffee things
like that and coffee is difficult
because even if it's a good Stainmaster
type carpet it goes on hot when
something goes on hot it goes right
through any barrier that's the problem
with this so what we will do here will
do the same thing we will pre spray
again this could be any pre spray a lot
of this will probably come right up but
there will be a stain left agitate again
guess I can extract it this time
[Music]
that removes a lot of it we still have
the stain where the where that first hit
we will soak it with staying magic again
and we'll just leave that we don't need
the light for this but sometimes if it's
a real bad stain we have to leave it
overnight so we'll leave that there and
we'll just kind of keep an eye on see
how how that does as well okay or gold
based things coffee mustard remember we
did mustard earlier wine furnitures and
urine tea third root juice chocolate
ethics
what we need is our ostentatiously
say magic for these we extract rare
rubber gloves with this we don't have to
rinse it out of synthetics some carpet
diamond get removed we do not use stain
magic on night natural fibers is too
strong stain magic as well as that 40
volume peroxide your unstable so don't
don't store your stain magic on top of
the hot water tank because he'll to see
how that segregation we say this for so
if you screw up the purpose not our
fault you're supposed to always check in
an inconspicuous area for colorfastness
before use it well that's absurd because
are you going to do all that and then do
the spot you just use Taking Chances
fact is hot and dry equal parts of a and
B or used to do a chamber this is the
key that makes solutions needs should be
used within about five minutes so
whatever makes it the bread relief apply
it liberally
there's some great use spell
we could have wine I think about some
blank pieces over here that I don't burn
so that's what I have to use
Coffee and Eli please some coffee
earlier here's one where they extracted
say magic people's hearts
you
allowed us to drive
stain is gone moe probably takes about
four hour here's the deal about coffee
number one off it goes in hot which
means it is stantly penetrates all
barriers number two most people don't
realize black coffee is a city it has a
piece why do you think black coffee is
bitter as a piece of 5.5 what do we know
about guides and other things and acids
they set why does coffee with some sugar
cream taste better better to some people
because the pH is about neutral or
slightly on the output side if customer
calls is tone brought up as much as they
can be equated moist
- talent still overnight you can't get
to that day because a lot of times you
get a phone call she's desperate and you
can't make it hopefully you can't make
it right yes ma'am I have no jobs today
I'll be right happy I hope that doesn't
happen city
if it's a heavy skillet coffee using I
brought it out around areas the water
clock what is this weight work I spilled
some coffee
oh I'm tired of this stuff anyhow
I hate doing that because it makes me
have to suddenly go to the bathroom now
of course I would normally have a lot
better unit than that
now if you're watching this you can
crowd around if you want if you've not
seen this before
[Music]
you notice what's happening and listen
to it when I pull it up and this is just
with this little bitty extractor
and that's about as far as it's going to
reach
a whole idea what the waterfall is that
I am extracting I'm not extracting the
closely stuff I'm extracting the pad
itself because that's where everything
is now what should I do with that spill
same bladder
now if you were using your truck mount I
would have done a better job of course
because this doesn't have that much
suction I mean it's practically a toy
but that's okay
plus my hose keeps coming off but that's
the water claw to me is one of the best
things that ever there ever was because
usually very often it wasn't just a
little coffee that cuts build in there
it's a whole bunch of stuff and what we
want is to get it out of the pad so we
don't come back my main emphasis here is
what a great tool the water claw is it's
one of the best tools there is for
taking care of spills and that's usually
what you're dealing with is somebody
spilled something and the problem is
again if you're just going along oh that
that's that's not bad you're taking your
floor tool across and disappears it's
going to come back and if it's a huge
spill 99% of it isn't even in the fuzzy
step and this will pull it out of all of
that so that's what I was kind of trying
to trying to show you there
the reason I use pro-zionist the pre
spray you can use any kind of pre spray
with coffee stains it's because coffee
is coffee they're not most freeze-dried
coffee has has a die
freeze-drying
instant coffee what's ugly is a very
light brown and you think oh it's weak
stuff so how do they make it look for
iron richer or roundup
but the other reason is you're usually
too typically got sugar or sweetener and
cream which is what can be milk
well flex it how earlier milk we use
prosign for the bacteria to work on it
but usually I would create priests pray
with prosign agitate leave by half an
hour sucking out like crazy that's what
I would do and if there's any stain left
just like this one it's ill working on
it we would normally leave it overnight
I would say about half of that stain is
now gone
you
left I always hit it on the iron idea
this mustard is about 90% he anomalies
which would be please net on overnight
you
we have to speed it up you can always
use the steam iron advance another
that's dangerous because we might pull
out the target dot
before you put on save water they can
blossom if it covers a huge area we can
use a re to me
Spain butter is that light powder we use
on little spots ara is what we use if
it's just massive it's just a dining
room they just got spills everywhere
that's that's the big difference can it
pop the other thing is if it's an area
where they're just walking all the time
put down saying butter buys walking all
over it and I'll use a Ras test a
product there's lot of stress on TV
you
piece of carpet that's been for
a bunch of hot coffee containing sugar
and cream on it and again step one as
always is to extract and rinse with your
upholstery tool or in this case I'm
using the tempo and as you can see I am
removing oh maybe half of it I'm still
going to have a stain and the backing is
definitely still going to be there
because extremely heavy again I could
use my water cloth and I'm going to use
my stain magic in the dual chamber
sprayer kit let me just show you a
little bit of how this works in this
case I'm going to fill it up I'm
emptying out my bottle that's labeled
Part A checking to make sure I'm going
to pour it into the empty bottle that's
labeled solution a fill that up and I'm
going to do the same thing with the
solution B filling up my solution B that
comes with the dual chamber kit you can
be sure to wear rubber gloves so you
don't get this on yourself it will
definitely burn your skin and I'll
insert my sprayer making sure that the
tube that's labeled Part A goes into the
bottle that's labeled Part A and it has
a locking mechanism that I lock it in
place and I'm all set to go here I'm
saturating the carpet piece with the
stain magic because of the dual chamber
is automatically mixing Parts A and B
equally and I'm going to spray it until
it's absolutely saturated and I know for
sure it's down into the backing
as you can see here I'm showing you the
backing now and as you can see even in a
few minutes it's already bleached out
not only the front surface but also in
the backing itself which is my major
concern use the temple to pull out most
of it but of course some is left on the
surface and I know most of us down in
the backing there's no question about it
here I'm literally pouring a buckle what
bucket of water just plain water on the
area and I'm using my water cloth to
pull that out once I once ISIL because
it has a clear plate I can see when it's
through I will use those little red
levers to release the vacuum so I can
move it you just keep doing that until
you've got it as dry as possible that
will flush it all out
all I really need to do is apply my
stain bladders I'm doing here because
there is going to be a wicking problem I
want to cover the area very well I
replace it it's wet I'm working it when
well with the quiz groom want to work as
a poultice to absorb it all and normally
the next day we vacuum it up
you
next day but as you can see the stains
all gone and I can tell you this was 2
months ago and that stain never came
back that's the best way of approaching
a big spill like that
you
you