[Music]
welcome back everyone today I am showing
you how I grow and use Kyoji beetroot an
Italian heirloom variety of beetroot I
either use a sealing tray or an egg
carton to start off the beetroot
seedlings you could sow the beatriz
direct into the soil but I think this
method is more successful just fill your
tray with compost and whenever it's
filled with compost just take three to
four seeds and put them into each cell
this will give you a few medium-sized
beetroot per cell and you can plant
these out together just add some more
compost on top I grow a few batches of
beetroot every year this one I started
an early spring so in march and was
ready to harvest in late june then give
you tray a good watering and leave
somewhere warm to germinate after about
a month your beetroot seedlings are
ready to plant out the egg cartons were
okay to use if you don't have any
seedling trays it's definitely better
than nothing but I do prefer the plastic
seedling trays myself what's so great
about beetroot is that it will succeed
where other root vegetables of won't as
you can see my soil here isn't amazing
it's okay
but the beetroot will do pretty well
here so just take a shallow hole put
your plant in and cover with more
compost and water regularly and that's
it and besides slugs or snails beecher
doesn't really seem to be bothered by
anything else and here our plants are
ready to harvest so after one or two
months depending on growing conditions
and the quality of your soil your plants
will be ready and I usually use the
whole plant of the beaches so you can
use both the leaves and the root the
leaves are a bit like chard so it's best
to rip the leaves off of the stem and
then you can prepare them either cooked
or raw and the beet red you can either
cook so you can cook it whole in boiling
water or you can roast it in the oven
just with the skin on and not cutting
off the roots well of course I have to
be different so I'm peeling this
beetroot and I'm gonna prepare raw for a
salad and I really like to do this with
the Kyojin because it's such a beautiful
beet it's such a beautiful vegetable and
whenever you cook it the
color fades away so this lovely pattern
of pink and white only stays when it's
raw and of course I don't have a
mandolin or any other fancy tool to make
beautiful thin round slices but a peeler
will do the job and just like chard if
you want to eat the leaves raw I think
it's best to cut them up a bit and there
you go doesn't that look amazing
deidre can be such an interesting
vegetable and the kyoto variety is
especially beautiful so i hope you
enjoyed my video about growing beetroot
I think it's a really fantastic plant to
grow it's the easiest root vegetable you
can grow there's all kinds of different
varieties beautiful colors on different
shapes so a really interesting vegetable
to grow it's also incredibly tasty
incredibly sweet and very healthy for
you you can find the video with the full
recipe for this salad right here I hope
you enjoyed my video please leave me
comment if you have any questions also
follow me on Facebook and Instagram for
daily updates and if you're new to this
channel please subscribe but most
importantly thanks for watching see you
next time bye