eeeek leak let's make creamed leeks it's
delightful delicious and a little bit
naughty the first thing you have to do
is prep your leeks you have to clean
your leeks let's talk about cleaning
leeks when you buy leeks they have a
long green thing here and they have
roots that stick out here like a squid
they're very dirty because the part that
you eat is actually in in the ground so
cleaning leeks is essential the way you
clean the lake is as follows fellows
first of all cut the big leaves off and
cut the root off cut off the first layer
of leek if you're using rounds cut
rounds we're using half rounds so you're
just gonna go like this but you can get
leaks where you can actually see dirt in
between these circles so although Regina
and I disagree on how to clean leeks
she's not saying anything even though
she's standing right over there I take
the half pieces of leek and I put them
in a sieve over water and I go like this
to open up the little circles so that
there's no hiding grit
regi cuts big hair in the leak and then
rinses it under running water equally
effective run it through water one time
and add it to the rest of the leeks that
you've prepared by the magic of
television no more eeks just leaks or I
could eke out an existence by eating
leeks don't peek it's leeks creamed
leeks are very luxurious if you make
them thin they're sort of a saucy thing
if you make them thick they're a side
dish and you can actually Gratton a that
side dish by putting them into a nice
container and sprinkling bread crumbs on
them the panting sound is vivianne I'm
gonna just show you how to make it as a
sort of a condom NT thing but if you
thicken it up a little bit put it in a
dish and sprinkle bread crumbs on it and
broil it for a second it's another
delicious side dish
it's not hot olive oil it's hot pan
butter again don't let them see you do
that because they're not gonna like it
they're gonna go that's too much battery
in it I'm not gonna eat it
morons it's actually too much butter I'm
gonna take some butter out I'm gonna add
the cut shallots it's already good okay
a little bit of salt a little bit of
pepper a little bit of white wine
vinegar
about that much when it's nice and and
fragrant and yummy you can put in a
little dried herbs this is a little bit
of dried parsley a few green flecks and
the creamy dish is nice so I put that in
now I'm gonna add the leeks
and then after these have cooked down a
little bit I'm gonna add some white wine
this is very easy stuff but it comes out
very kind of fancy I didn't ever got to
Byway wine so I think I'm gonna use
sherry a little bit of sherry let this
cook down until they get a little soft
and I would taste it now even if it
seems weird because you want to know if
it needs salt a little bit of salt all
right lovely and then you're gonna add
cream they really don't want to see this
just they don't need to see it it's not
for them okay so you're gonna that's
called creamed leeks that has cream in
it okay crucify me mmm all right you
just you know basically that amount
you're just gonna cook this down until
it's the consistency you want remember
when it cools it's gonna thicken and
this is something you can make if you
need aside in a hurry because it's quite
easy to make so we'll let that reduce
for a minute and then you can leave it
on the stove or you can put it in a deli
and leave it in the fridge if you're
using it the next day if I was having a
dinner party tonight I would probably
leave it on the stove I'm gonna taste it
again oh it's hot Wow
man that's good a little more sherry
sherry wasn't a bad idea this is the
kind of thing I mean just just taste it
if the wine tastes weird like would that
go with creamed leeks you know the
answer if it doesn't go with green leeks
for you it doesn't go with creamed leeks
I guess unless you have horrible
instincts it's - some people have
horrible instincts so the leeks have
been bubbling in bubbling and bubbling
bubbling away and they are there are at
the consistency
but slightly thinner than what I want
because they're gonna reconstitute a
little bit as they as they cool that's
in between to me a dish and the
condiment right there you can cook this
down further until it's very thick and
put it in a small gratin a pan and
sprinkle some breadcrumbs on the top and
just kind of broil it for a second I
just like to serve it as sort of a
in-between II I don't know how to
explain it's like kind of a vegetable
but kind of a sauce I don't know so
that's done I'm just gonna leave that on
the stove want to be on fleek makes and
leeks