hey guys it's Danny and for today's
ingredient 101 I'm talking dandelion
greens now I think it's pretty fair to
say that dandelion greens are probably
not the most popular leafy green out
there but hopefully after this video
you're going to feel informed enough and
comfortable enough to go out and give
them a try cuz not only are they
delicious but they are a nutritional
Powerhouse dandelion greens are a dark
leafy green veggie that are packed with
goodness as a matter of fact they're
said to be one of the most vitamin
packed Foods on the planet they have
more fiber protein calcium and potassium
than any other green out there and
they're rich in beded carotene iron and
vitamins a e and K on a more holistic
note dandelion greens are very cleansing
they not only support the digestive
system but they also reduce swelling and
inflammation in the body so needless to
say they bring a lot to the table like
many other light leafy greens they peek
right at the beginning of Spring and go
till about Midsummer so this is when
you're going to get the best flavor the
highest nutritional value and the lowest
cost now when they're in season you'll
find them at your farmers markets but
they're also starting to show up more
and more at the grocery stores so go
ahead and look in the produce section
right by the other leafy greens The
Shard and the kale and if they're there
that's where you're going to find them
now you're going to notice that the
leaves are fairly IR regular and a bit
Jagged they look a little bit like an
arrow you want to make sure that they're
nice and firm and rich green no
discoloration no welting now dandelion
do tend to be a little bitter by nature
but what you'll find is the smaller the
leaf the more mild and tender the flavor
so I usually try to avoid the really big
leaves and I keep it between small and
medium now when you get your dandelion
greens home just go ahead and wrap them
up in a plastic bag and pop them into
the veggie drawer but know that they
only last last a couple of days so you
do want to use them within a few days of
buying them once you're ready to work
with your dandelion greens you go ahead
and give them a good rinse under some
cold water or go ahead and fill the sink
up with cold water and just squish them
around a bit now the bottom of the stems
can be a little bit tough and bitter so
what I like to do is chop them off right
about where those leaves begin and from
here I just like to give the leaves a
nice rough chop all the way up now once
you've got your greens prepped and ready
to go you can either enjoy them raw or
cooked now if you're going to put them
in a salad I would advise maybe just
giving the leaves a little nibble first
to see how mild or bitter they are so
for
instance this gu's a little bit bitter
so what I would probably do is mix it
with a butter lettuce or a red butter
lettuce and then build my salad from
there these dandelion greens really love
big bold fat flavors so things like blue
cheese goat cheese nuts and even bacon
tastes taste great with the dandelion
greens so don't be afraid to give your
salad a little fat love now when it
comes to cooking Your Greens they love
to be steamed Saed embraced and again
they love big bold flavors so things
like garlic soy sauce and big bold
vinegars are really going to compliment
these greens one of my personal favorite
quick clean and delicious ways to make
them is to saut√© a little bit of garlic
and some olive oil then I toss in my
greens give it a few hits of soy sauce
let those greens W down and finish it
off with a big squish of lemon and voila
quick and simple for more simple and
nutritious recipes tips and ideas be
sure you check out cleanand
delicious.com I'm Danny spe and I'll see
you next time with another ingredient
101 dandelion greens are very cleansing
they support the
digestive