hi and welcome back to a pink Lourdes
kitchen today I'm going to be showing
you how to make a dark chocolate almond
bark right at home to start off with I'm
gonna go ahead and go with the
ingredients first and this is the type
action would be using it's actually it
around wafers that you get for this
particular kind you can use morsels but
what I've found is that these potato
buns actually do actually a really good
job so I went ahead and used a double
boiler to melt all of it so the amount I
have here is 12 ounces so that's about
340 grams and as you can see it's nice
and smooth and then to this I'm gonna be
using about half a cup of raw almonds
that I went to actually and toaster and
skillet and give it a rough chop so
let's go and get the in greens all
together mixed white now you
particularly can actually use any kind
of chocolate wafers if they have out
there and this is something that's a
particularly available pretty much at
most arts and crafts supplies or even at
your local grocery stores and this is
what it looks like I hope you can see it
we already ready with some parchment
paper lined up so I'm gonna go ahead and
spread this right now
now these actually they don't take too
long to actually set in the refrigerator
and that's what I want to do next just
go ahead and get now if you prefer not
to get the salted chocolate wafers you
can actually use a regular dark
chocolate and then use some sea salt
just lightly sprinkle on it something
people prefer to use the sea salt that's
actually come in a little place you can
get the stores you could use that as
well
and you could use either or also if you
used to use want to use you know
different types of nuts you're more than
welcome to whether it's gonna be pumpkin
seeds or hazelnuts those are really good
you could certainly do that
but this actually does make a really
good even gift you know once it's cool
down and you've got it all you know
broken up into little pieces you can you
know get into one of these nice clear
plastic bags and also give it to you
know family your friends you know makes
a really great gift so we all set right
now I'm just going to go and pop this in
the refrigerator until it you know comes
all nice and set and then I'm gonna go
and show you what it looks like alright
I'm back I went ahead and as you know
left the chocolate bark already in the
refrigerator for it to cool down and set
so I went ahead and you know cut it up
actually pretty much broken up into
smaller pieces as you can see this is
what it looks like just show you what
some of the insides look like I hope you
can see it really well this is it
so as you can see the chocolates nice
and shiny nuts as you can see them
so at this point you can actually go
ahead and store this actually in a
container and then you know if you want
to keep it in the refrigerator just have
it in a nice airtight container and as I
said before you can also you know pretty
much give this as a gift to anyone you
know so I hope you actually enjoyed
watching this video please give my video
a thumbs up and please subscribe to my
channel until then see you next time bye
bye