hey guys welcome to cooking with Nattie
today we are making this flavorful and
delicious beef liver the recipe is very
easy and you only need a few ingredients
so let's get started I'm starting by
cutting the liver into small bite-sized
pieces and then I'll go ahead and wash
it and start the cooking process here is
the liver when it's washed and here is a
clip of the spices I'll be adding to the
liver start the cooking process and
first hitting a reasonable amount of oil
on the pan and then I'm going ahead and
throwing the liver on there to get the
frying started and then our keep turning
the liver as it Browns at the bottom
so now I'm covering it up so that it can
cook in the inside as well and then when
the water is all gone I'll continue
flying
so now that the liver is nice and brown
I'm just going ahead and adding the
onions and then I'll fry a little bit
and cover up until they cook okay so now
that the onions are cooked I'm going
ahead and adding the tomatoes and I'm
seasoning right away to bring out the
flavors guys so the liver is almost
ready but there is one more ingredient
that needs to be added and that's the
salt so the salt always comes in last
because it makes the liver hard
so you want to add it at the end when
the liver is already cooked
okay so this is how the liver should
look when it's fully cooked I want to
thank you for watching and I'll see you
in my next one
[Music]