hey you guys it's Christina from
rawfully organic and fully raw and I'm
here today because you're going to see
me laughing I was actually joking with a
friend um about my art cultures and
about the foods that our cultures eat
and we both thought it would be
absolutely
hilarious if I made a raw Mediterranean
dish for you guys while mided belly
dancing well any of you guys who know me
will know that I'm half Lebanese half
Ecuadorian and my mother used to be a
belly dancer and I grew up with her and
my aunts all Bella dancing midst eating
tons and tons of Lebanese food so I have
gone and dressed myself up
today because I thought it would be
awesome hilarious and really
entertaining to have you guys watch me
make for you a raw medat training to
buly while MST belly dancing
the ingredients in this salad for any
typical like Arabic tabuli are curly
parsley sometimes Italian parsley
Tomatoes The Juice of lemons some people
add cucumbers um and green
onions the other ingredient that's
typically involved is an ingredient
called couscous which is a soaked wheat
but because we're making a raw salad
today I'm replacing it with cauliflower
which is a great substitute and that was
also an idea inspired by my friend
Victoria
Army so I've got on my Bangles I've got
on my f Shaker and we're going to make
raw Tully for you and pump up the
Shakira let's do it so the first thing
that I'm going to do is I'm going to
start chopping up really finely all of
the curly parsley some people like to
use Italian parsley but I love cly
parsley and when you make tbuli you've
got to cut it really really really small
because it's all about how small you can
get the parsley for this one salad I'm
probably going to be using for myself
about four or five heads of parsley and
then I may even be adding a little bit
more after I add in the lemon juice okay
so once you get all of the parsley fine
chopped in the bowl the next thing
you're going to want to add are the
tomatoes and the tomatoes you want to
make sure if you can I always like to
use or my mother always taught me to use
my grandmother always taught me to use
um the bigger Tomatoes um I love cherry
tomatoes and I think that cherry
tomatoes work great in this but this
recipe particularly is all about
chopping things as fine as you can and
having all of the juices and the flavors
mixed together and when you use the big
Tomatoes this gives a chance for all of
the juice to kind of seep in with the
parsley and seep in with the lemon juice
and seep in with all that so the next
thing that we're going to do is we are
going to chop up the tomatoes and we're
going to add those in
[Music]
so once you add in the Tomato you kind
of want to make sure that you have
enough so you kind of want to mix it in
there a little bit and make sure you can
get all the parsley kind of soaked up
with the tomato juice if you can right
you want to make sure that you have
enough tomato as you can kind of see
that it's an equal mix now of about
tomato and pars
and now I'm going to add in the
cauliflower and the secret to this is
you want to get this chopped as finely
as you can almost to the point of where
it feels like you're just going to be
sprinkling it on top so in order to make
this process speed up a little bit more
I'm going to chop up the cauliflower and
then I'm going to put it in a food
processor and I'm just going to let it
spin with a whirl blade that way I can
just sprinkle the cauliflower onto my
palette all right so let's take this
over to the food processor and basically
just going to chop off these little bits
here I'm going to add this into my food
process
[Music]
[Music]
now that I'm all warmed up and dancing
for you we are going to finally chop in
the green onion so we probably don't
need too much of this um onion is
already very strong so I'm probably just
going to use about seven or eight of
these and if I need to add more I will
and I'm just gonna finally chop these on
in like really really really
small you can always add in a lot more
onion if you want I'm not really an
oniony person but I know some people who
probably would have added in about 15 or
so of the Y the The Green Onion just to
give it more of a mix but I only used
about 7even or eight cuz I just want it
to mix in there just a little bit right
I don't want too much of an onion flavor
in mine all right so we've added in The
Parsley we've added in the Tomato we've
added in the green onion and we've added
in the cauliflower and the last step to
making this an epic tabuli is simply to
put in the lemon juice and let it
marinate in your fridge probably for at
least 30 minutes the longer you let it
marinate the more the flavors kind of
soak together and get juic
so the only tool that I really use for
this is this handheld um Citrus squeezer
which I love and I'm probably going to
use the juice of about five lemons here
so I'm going to chop these in half and
then I am going to just simply squeeze
the juice over my salad mix it in with
my hands and then stick it in the
refrigerator for later eating all right
so let's juice these
in
[Music]
so I've just squeezed in my last lemon
and you can tell that it just smells
unbelievable at this point right because
all of these flavors from the tomatoes
and the onions and the lemon and all the
parsley squeeze in
there like my nose is just kind of going
out of control right now so we're just
going to mix in all of that lemon as
much as you can get your hands dirty
right and at this point a lot of the
juices are going to be soaking to the
bottom so you want to kind of take your
hands and you kind want to flip it up as
much as you can and make sure you get in
all those flavors at the top right M yum
all right so once you do this I'm sure
your mouth is watering right now because
I'm having a hard time not taking my
hand and just stuffing it in my face um
all right so this is as easy as it gets
for the tabuli recipe I'm going to go
ahead I'm going to put this in my fridge
and I'm going to save it for later and
um yes I hope that you've enjoyed this
recipe because it is absolutely one of
my favorites it is one of the ones that
we eat frequently in my house especially
when I'm with my entire family
especially my living east side and I
have actually just posted this recipe on
our website at rawul organic.com for you
so you can check this out and enjoy it
throughout the week you can also visit
my website at fullyraw.com or you can
visit our Facebook page for recipe
updates and our YouTube channel you can
definitely subscribe here if you want to
see more belly dancing taboi making
YouTube type videos and I really hope
that you enjoyed this video I have been
laughing and having an awesome time
making it for
you