it's a delicious sugar cookie with a
Twist on today's show we're making
snicker
[Music]
doodles snicker doodles aren't the most
widely known cookie out there you know
we know the sugar cookies the peanut
butter cookie oatmeal cookie chocolate
chip this one it's a good one you're
going to like it and it's so easy to
make let me show you what you're going
to need to do first you're going to need
flour salt and baking powder I have that
mixed in there you're also going to need
two eggs you're going to need some
cinnamon and sugar for the end of the
mixing process I'll tell you more about
that this is granulated sugar you also
have vanilla that you're going to need
and two sticks of unsalted butter that's
it we're going to start this off by
doing the creaming method that you use
in most cookie recipes that's whenever
you get the butter and the sugar all
whipped up and all combined until it
gets nice and fluffy so let's get that
going we got one stick of butter in
here's number two in goes our granulated
sugar we're going to put that in the
mixer Let It Go for about 2 to 3 minutes
until it's beautiful and fluffy and then
we'll go on to the next
step
we let that take off on medium high
speed for 2 to 3 minutes and in between
I took a minute to scrape the bowl just
to make sure everything would mix in
Thoroughly Next Step we're going to toss
in our eggs and our
vanilla in the bowl those go we're going
to let those mix for about 30 seconds
and then to the next
step we let that go for about 30 seconds
I stopped in between scraped the bowl
with my handy dandy spatula here you're
remember a few weeks ago we did a video
on spatulas and why they're so important
we'll put a link to that up so you can
watch that video if you don't have one
of these go out and get one all right
Next Step I have my flour my baking
powder and my salt I'm just going to use
my whisk here and give it a quick stir
just to make everything make sure
everything is Blended in nicely before
we put it in the
bowl so we're going to open this
up and put this in now this is not the
time to just let the mixer go like we
did with the other ingredients when
you're using flour you want to mix
minimally when it comes to your baked
goods so we're going to let this mix for
about 15 seconds I'm going to scrape the
bowl let it mix one more time and then
we'll be ready to move on to the next
step everything is mixed together and
ready to go our dough is perfection one
more step and then we bake here's what
we're going to do I pop this out of here
all right I'll clean that off in a
minute and we're just going to scoop our
dough out now at this point you can just
go straight to the cookie sheet if you
want to but I'm going to go ahead and
just roll it in a ball just like this
and then I'm going to take my whisk this
here is cinnamon and
sugar just going to make sure all that's
mixed well and you're going to take this
ball of cookie dough you're going to
toss it around in there just like
this check it out and then you're going
to pop it over here on your cookie sheet
all
right easy peasy lemon squeezy that's
what my kids
say do the same thing so I'm going to go
ahead and get
these all rolled up and rolled in their
cinnamon and sugar then we're going to
pop them in the oven and I will show you
what they look like when they're done
they're going to be delicious
snicker doodles are done and out of the
oven now you'll notice that one is
missing that's because somebody on the
other side of this camera picked at the
cookie and ate it so we're down to eight
because of him isn't that right yeah
yeah
okay okay so I'm going to tell you a
little trick to makeing cookies taste so
good and to make the texture be like it
is for the ones that you buy like at a
bakery soft and not too hard and like
throw them off the wall and they crumble
okay here's the trick you put your
cookies in the oven you bake them until
they're just a little wet in the center
all right typically that can be anywhere
from 9 to 12 minutes depending on your
oven now you're going to take them out
out when they still look wet and let
them sit on the cookie sheet for 3 to 5
minutes and then you're going to put
them over on their cooling rack that's
where I am right now with these cookies
and I'm getting ready to dive in head
first myself all right so this is the
finished product and just
because I like having pretty stuff on
display I'm going to line them up on
here you imagine like walking in the
door and seeing this or what someone
else is going to think when they walk in
the door and see that the kids or your
significant other they would love it so
check it out there's the snicker doodles
and this come on in here check this out
look at how perfect this is cooked in
the Middle look it's fluffy it's
soft that is Cookie Perfection and
because we took it out of the oven
before just before it was all the way
done it's going to stay this way do that
with all the cookies you make it works
99% of the time and if it doesn't work
it's the recipe's fault all right so
what I want you to do you go out you get
these ingredients you probably already
have most of them right go out and get
them and make some snicker doodles for
you and yours you are going to love it
and so will they that's a promise thanks
for checking in with me today I will see
you next
[Music]
time