now getting the most amazing enchilada
facial these will be the last chicken
enchiladas you will ever need to know
how to make and by the way for our
old-school enchilada making fans don't
get pissed for anything and I'm about to
do because it's just fricking delicious
and really isn't that all that matters
people get all wrapped up in how food is
made you can't do this the carne asada I
put soy sauce and brown sugar in no man
that's not [ __ ] party I saw it well
guess what it's just freaking delicious
isn't that really the only thing that
matters I think it is what's our goal
eat better make America cook again
that's what we say here by the way no
political affiliation whatsoever it's
not a political statement it's a
culinary statement and the link to the
shirts are below if you want to give one
for a presence holiday present Hanukkah
present Christmas present Kwanzaa
present what else is there
sir other stuff Chinese New Year's
coming up don't know the red one would
be appropriate for Chinese New Year and
there's hats and stuff so anyway chicken
enchiladas here's how we're starting
ready this will piss people off right
now a store-bought deli roasted chicken
come on I think I said it the other day
do you have to make everything yourself
from the ground up we'll do a deli
roasted chicken episode one day where we
make one and then show you what to make
with it but for today all right [ __ ]
[ __ ] there's our little fellow look it's
so easy to go to the store you pick one
up you come home then you turn it into
something amazing like these enchiladas
but first we have to shred it that's the
key we need two cups shredded chicken
cooked let's go okay so the best thing
to do is do this when you've just
brought it home from the store and it's
still a little bit warm here come on for
a second here's what I mean if you buy
this chicken on a Saturday to make
enchiladas on the Sunday the next day
shred it on Saturday
don't wait until Sunday because it'll be
ice-cold and it's not easy to shred then
you're just chopping you don't want that
you bring it home from the store you
take the cover off you shred it just
like now while it's warm it's much
easier so first things first skin comes
off and by the way you can throw the
skin out or I'm so good you know they
make a salmon skin roll at sushi I think
they should make a chicken skin roll why
not
it's freakin delish that one day
okay back to this so I like to use the
the white meat because it's a little
drier and once it gets in the whole
setup it's gonna be crazy delicious I'll
save the dark meat for just putting in
the fridge and eating by itself so
here's what we want to do we want to
just shred it pieces about this size are
fine right so just look just this this
and we're looking for about two cups of
it and the recipe will be linked
underneath telling you the difference
between doing this now and doing this
when it's ice frickin cold is like night
and day and you don't want to do it when
it's ice cold because as I've said you
will not be shredding you will be
cutting and right down here check this
out right down here we all know this
right this this is the wishbone so you
clean off the chicken pieces and you sit
it on the side of your counter and you
let it dry and once it's dry two people
each get a baby finger wrapped around it
and you pull and whoever gets the
biggest piece well they get their wish
so for our purposes if you take both the
breasts and shred them you're gonna have
pretty much the right amount of chicken
for this now that's done we add the rest
of the ingredients so we start with some
green salsa salsa verde as we say in yes
San Diego little can of diced green
chilies and a couple tablespoons of
minced chipotle peppers oh those will
add some beautiful smokiness and a
little heat and then we mix just make
sure everything is nicely incorporated
and mixed beautifully okay so now we
have to roll them so here's what we've
got we've got our enchilada filling
we've got a bowl that we're going to
put some stay there chicken broth into
to moisten our tortillas and then
they're gonna go into this pan okay so
these are our tortillas and I'm using
flour tortillas and they're cooked
pretty basic here's the enchilada
mixture here's the chicken broth here's
the pan we're gonna make a sauce and one
of the things that will help make this
sauce is just straight whipping cream
just like that just a little bit across
the bottom there you go okay so here's
what we do we take a tortilla we put it
in the chicken broth just for you know
five seconds or so just to soften it a
bit make it a little bit more pliable we
take it out put it down and now we'll
put some of the chicken mixture right in
it like this spread it out pretty much
to the edge and then just roll it up
like a tight cigar and then it go seam
side down right into the whipping cream
and put some of this and we roll super
nice and tight
face down this guy comes out one goes in
and we roll so one comes out one goes
back in and then here we go chicken goes
in we're all super tight put it in and
we continue just you wait till these are
done we've got eight enchiladas they're
gorgeous they're ready there's a little
cream on the bottom but we're not
finished making our sauce and to
complete the sauce we need two more
things one is shredded Monterey Jack
cheese that's really gonna help make
this sauce thick rich and super
delicious and then we add a little bit
more cream just trust me on this the
cheese melts the cream thickens the
sauce is going to be crazy delicious and
here we are
they look okay now actually they look a
little boring but in 30 35 minutes
they'll be completely gorgeous and we
could stop here we couldn't serve them
like that and they'd be outstanding but
we're gonna make a little Chipotle cream
that will
blow your mind with two ingredients and
the first one is boom chorizo just to
spill it out this is Mexican pork
chorizo I'm not pimping the brand
I'm just saying pork chorizo is the one
you want I've said it before there's
there's a beef trees oh I don't like
there's a soy trees oh that's actually
pretty good
pork trees those the won the last time I
use trees Oh people got confused there
is a Spanish cured chorizo
it's like salami it's it's it's cured so
it's cooked you could slice a piece and
you eat it you put it on a pizza or in a
sandwich or something
it's delicious this is not cooked this
is raw and if you watch me open it up
you'll see what it is it's like ground
beef but it's pork with all kinds of
great spices and stuff so huh there we
go
so look it comes out like ground beef
which is pretty gross coming out of a
tube like that but wait so now we give
it some heat just just break it up a bit
as it cooks more it gets it gets easier
but just treat it like you're making
ground beef see it kind of looks like
that except the colors completely not
ground beef and over medium heat pork
chorizo is gonna take about five or six
minutes or so before it gets there I
always say this about trees oh when it's
almost done honestly it doesn't look a
whole lot different than it does now so
you just gotta give it enough time in
the pan five six minutes just like this
and you're gonna be great and here's the
brilliance of trees oh I'd like ground
beef or ground pork that's one
ingredient yes this is one ingredient
but it tastes like 20 because it's got
all those really amazing seasonings in
it and when it's ready like this is we
add our next ingredient and that is more
of the whipping cream we give it about a
cup and a half a little mix see all that
red is all the peppery
and the garlic and the flavor and now
all we do we give this a little stir so
it's all together we let it come up to a
little simmer and while the enchiladas
finish cooking this guy on its little
simmer is gonna get thick delicious rich
and absolutely amazing and now we wait
stirred every so often just let it let
it do its thing and you're good and it
all will be perfect these guys nothing
to see yet they're getting there so some
of you may remember I had a kidney stone
incident a month or so ago can you hear
that
it's my kidneys down low should we show
it he goes sure it's interesting so if
you don't want to see what a kidney
stone looks like you could turn away
when I tell you to I'm gonna put it my
hand there's two pieces that's too big
so turn away now if you don't want to
see it ready go
that's it that's the offending [ __ ]
that gave me more pain than any other
pain I've ever had
that was worse than my ruptured Achilles
that I had surgery on in April it's like
a grain of rice for those of you men
that are wandering the pain isn't when
that comes out of where it comes out of
it's when it moves inside of you
that's the horrible part and I'm not
keeping it for posterity I'm supposed to
take it to the doctor and they'll
analyze it and decide if I don't know if
it's a normal kidney stone or I don't
know I don't know what it could be what
are they gonna tell me I was in pain it
came out there it is I'm fine there's
nothing left can you smell that the
enchiladas and they're ready and look
the bubbly gorgeousness Wow the cheese
the whipping cream is melted with the
cheese and made that gorgeous sauce look
at them all just lying there waiting for
somebody to love them don't worry little
enchilada is I'm coming
you see the bubbles in here that's gonna
be one freaking hot in Chi oh boy ah and
you can hear it getting the most amazing
ain't you a lot of facial misty
okay so let's take this guy out cut down
the sides lose them a bit and look at
the steam the amazingness kids put them
down I can't
I should have [ __ ] here's two things you
need so first you want some of this
sauce right to the cheese and the
whipping cream have made for a little
drizzle gorgeousness a little bit more
and then and then comes our chorizo
cream tiny bit more in front being a
little bit of cilantro a little bit not
you you giant ass piece get out and the
only thing left to do is e oh man oh man
I'm going right here
it's the richest most perfectly flavored
chicken enchilada ever and I'm not
saying that because I made them I'm
saying that because that's legit I know
the tree so cream the two ingredient
trees will cream remember look how much
it's thickened up I say you just make a
little pot of this and keep it for
everything in your house oh my god these
are so good you're gonna [ __ ] your pants
mean that I meant you're gonna love them
you're gonna love them they're simple to
make they're real easy the recipes below
look thanks for hanging out with us
thanks for subscribing you guys have
taken us over 300 thousand subscribers
in the past few days thank you for that
we hope we're giving you what you want
and if we're not then tell us what you
want and comment cuz we like that too
enchilada day oh holy crap I gotta go
don't forget
well I can't work I look ridiculous in
half no you don't I look awful for five
seconds no I'm wearing it but I look
like freaking idiot alright now we can
prove to everybody that I do in fact