hello guys welcome to my teaching today
we're going to be making that fry
spaghetti this is one of my husband's
favorite lately like we loved it so much
in order so what she was asking have you
shared it with your subscribers and also
need you to like videos I University any
way to do this between holidays my step
right spaghetti it interested keep
watching don't forget to click the like
button and subscribe and I will see we
managed to do so let's start making our
best fried chicken and spaghetti
this step is going to take Muslim more
than 30 minutes the best thing you put
the pan on fire and they in put oil and
a few onions but increasing teacher and
garlic I love ginger communally for step
right and then what you'll be going
first right fry add your seasoning to
you how this is linked you and using
just this varies I'm going to add time
I'm going to add curry just to give the
onions a lot of flavor but it's not like
stiffness you're just going to mix
everything together then we're going to
go to our pipette we're going to be
using red bell peppers and green bell
peppers and I just like them and fry
you're going to be frying on high heat
mind you and you don't need a lot of oil
so you're just going to fry both of them
till it is almost soft take it off the
pan and in that same fry pan we are
going to be severing our chicken
[Music]
this is one of those meals that as you
study are going to stay in the kitchen
it doesn't take more than 30 minutes at
for material you're just going to stare
that fried chicken well that is staring
you're going to roam back to your
spaghetti you're going to stop cooking
your spaghetti this spaghetti takes
about five minutes to cook so you're
going to let the water boil and they've
had a bit of oil and then add some salt
allowed to work properly before you put
your spaghetti if not individual soup
water look at the spaghetti is very very
thin almost like noodles so we're just
going to hope that while that cooking
will be facing the self right I think
this is why it's good to have like a
cooker hood multiple holes now you can
be doing everything at once now we're
going to introduce the peppers back into
the chicken and allowables of them it'll
fry together I'm going to be using some
chicken stock for extra flavor it does
make a difference
but if you don't have chicken stock
you're going to have to put extra
seasoning in the chicken and vegetable
you know when I do and now you like it
by staining a full of flavor
now we're going to add this so
pepper sauce I founded a shop right you
can get that equals about 600 now so
it's actually very nicely going for
chicken anything so I'm just going to be
adding about two spoonfuls to my best
fry and then mix everything together by
now this is a delicious you can actually
keep it like this if it will rise or
something else or you know what make it
surprise forget - so let's stick to the
plan now we're going to do an out by
ethic and it's important that you could
be spaghetti way of their fries cooking
because you don't want to keep spaghetti
outside and then you know when it
confuse Nevernever knife it's not when
it's just fresh out of the fire and then
you stir fry everything
you like you like that so I'm just going
to be mixing everything nicely of course
by this time I couldn't resist it I
start executing one by one it smells so
good
this is a favorite in my family so I'm
just going to stand for everything mix
mix mix a treat for about like two three
minutes and then it is ready allow it to
settle a bit and then you can serve my
goodness
we can have this every day if you allow
in this house we each receive almost
every day so here is my special finally
since prime previously I hope you guys
liked the video don't forget to click
the like button and subscribe so you see
more views from me because my next video
take care