[Music]
Dr Pepper the famous 23 flavor soda has
lots of spin-off products such as D Dr
Pepper that's not the topic here today
though no we're not talking about diet
Dr Pepper barbecue sauce but what we are
talking about is hot Dr Pepper that's
right hot Dr Pepper was originally
introduced in the 1960s as a winter
beverage here's some advertisements from
the 1960s showing about hot Dr Pepper
however it was shortlived but you still
don't believe me you think this is a
joke just go to the facts and questions
article on the Dr Pepper website anyway
I'm going to teach you how to make it
all you need is a Dr Pepper a can or a
bottle will be fine and just proceed to
open it but don't blow it up like I did
cuz you know bad Dr Pepper right there
anyway you want to heat up a
pen or anything and just pour a little
Doctor Pepper in there as much as you
want
all right and as soon as we did that
we're going to take a lemon and a knife
and make a small slice and then put it
into the glass that you're going to pour
the hot drct pepper in when the drct
pepper starts sizzling or steaming up
that's it just take it off and pour it
in your glass and if you're using a
glass glass glass made of glass like I
am put it very slowly like wait 5
Seconds between each each spill so it
doesn't melt cuz you know when glass
melt it's glass yeah also if you try
this at home and your lemon makes a
popping bubble comment or like cuz you
know thumbs up for that just some more
footage of the popping
lemon yeah and basically this is hot Dr
Pepper it tastes just like Dr Pepper
only it's hot kind of like tea brings
out the cherry flavor little carbonation
and I'll see you next time later