[Music]
[Music]
hi everyone so today I'll be showing you
how to make slime with shampoo and I
just want to wish you guys a Happy New
Year it is the last day before 2016 so
thank you guys so much for subscribing
really really appreciate it so for
ingredients you're going to need a thick
shampoo like tras it was just lying
around in my house and you also need
salt so take an empty bowl and pour
however amount of shampoo you want into
the bowl and then stir it a little bit
and then add a little bit of salt not
too
[Music]
much and continue to
stir
I went ahead and added a little bit more
salt and then continue to stir right
[Music]
after so you want to just keep stirring
and stirring until it becomes a
glob like this see how it became like a
glob so that's when you know that it's
done and you do not need to add more
salt I only added salt
twice as you saw before and this is what
it looks like before you put it in the
freezer so put it in the freezer for 15
minutes after it's out of the freezer
this is what it looks like and you can
go ahead and gently grab the Slime and
you can pick it up and this is slime
with shampoo so thank you guys so much
for watching and again I really
appreciate you guys subscribing and
leaving sweet comments it motivates me
to make more videos and I know this is
the last video before 2016 but I want to
make it a goal that I will make consist
videos throughout the year and again
happy 2016 thank you so much for
watching subscribe comment and like
[Music]
bye