are you listening hey everybody so what
we're gonna be doing today something a
little bit different we are going to be
building a company from scratch
specifically a t-shirt company and I'm
going to be blogging the entire process
from essentially just putting everything
together to actually hopefully selling
my first shirt or something like that to
actually building an actual business and
I thought I would do this because you
know you see so many videos on YouTube
about people I'm essentially reflecting
back like oh yes I built through this
business and it makes me a hundred
thousand dollars here's what I did it by
this course and I kind of realized there
isn't a lot of things on YouTube that
actually show you starting a business
from scratch from like not knowing how
to do anything until the point where
it's an actual business so what I'm
gonna be doing is trying to I'm gonna be
vlogging essentially me trying to build
businesses starting right now so before
we get started I just want to mention a
few things here is that yes this is a
t-shirt company this is not going to be
my full-time gig I'm just going to try
to build a nice little side business
through this and hopefully every few
weeks or maybe every every month or so
I'll be able to do another one of these
and try to launch a different kind of
business maybe maybe electronics
business I know I'm doing that because I
already set myself up for that so
electronics may be hats maybe we'll do
some sort of tech thing maybe I'll build
some sort of a video website or
something I don't know what I'm gonna be
doing but I'm gonna hopefully try to
build a different business hopefully
every month or so from scratch until the
time it starts until the time it's an
actual business so hopefully you guys
will stick around for the right now
anyways let's get started with this
t-shirt business
oh oh boy this thing is really really
heavy okay so this thing right here oh
is what I like to call a t-shirt press
I'll point the camera down a little bit
more so you can see what I'm actually
doing here so this bad boy here is a
t-shirt press this is what we are gonna
be making using to actually like make
the t-shirts hopefully it works I don't
know I've never tried it before it's
obviously still in its box so the first
thing that I want to do is actually just
make sure I can make a t-shirt before we
move on here let's see if this works but
first I must put this thing together so
we're going to need a table I think cue
the unboxing montage
[Music]
you know what now looking at this table
I'm not quite sure if it's actually
going to to hold the heat press I don't
know I guess what we'll see and cross
our fingers I have the tip doesn't break
yeah we'll see what happens all right
now it is time for the box okay this
thing is actually very very very very
very heavy and if you have to point this
down again actually so I don't know how
much this thing weighs but I again I'm
still I'm still nervous that some that
it won't fit on the table here hopefully
we can get this thing out of the
styrofoam without actually damaging it
looks like we have got this thing out of
the packaging whoops all right we got
this thing out of the styrofoam that was
a hell trap oh my god
Oh would you look at that I apparently
cut my finger to finger pulling that
away so I should probably wash that up
give me a second now I'm kind of hoping
I didn't get any like blood or anything
on the machine actually this is still
bleeding I need to go get a bandit I'll
be right back you know something really
funny about band-aid is actually a
band-aid is not that what the what the
product is called that's actually the
brand of an adhesive bandage so it's
it's kind of interesting it's one of
those companies where it's like hey I
need to go get a band-aid it's like
getting saying hey I gotta go to get a
q-tip but it's a q-tip is just a cotton
swab right but you say go get a q-tip
just like go get a band-aid go get a
Kleenex right and it's a those companies
would have something called a very good
brand awareness or Warren Buffett what
kind of I think Warren Buffett like them
because they have kind of moats around
them the moats around the meaning that
the brand name is so big or that they
innovated so early that no one could
really catch up to them so they have
kind of a moat of protection around them
for the most part all right now we've
got my finger all nice and patched up
here we're gonna continue with this here
building the t-shirts putting together
this t-shirt press and see if it
actually works so again I have no idea
how to work this
thing whatsoever or so does it come with
instructions or no it does not
[Music]
all right so apparently this thing came
with no instructions way to go there
Amazon so I'm not really quite sure what
to do but I'm just gonna make sure that
it works and actually heats stuff up I
kind of know how to make them but yeah
we're just gonna see if we can warm this
thing up to a certain temperature listen
let's give it a shot here gonna click
this button oh something's on it says I
don't know what any of this means
okay so apparently it's at 66 degrees
and the timer is set at 30 seconds so
warming up at all oh [ __ ] sorry
sorry I guess it just needs to warm up I
need to get it up to 284 Fahrenheit
distort before I start pressing and
right now it's at 119 all right let me
actually kind of show you zoom in here
what the t-shirt press is actually like
okay so here we got um this is the
t-shirt press obviously sorted
originally when I was putting this you
know kit together it's like is this
parking warm up it's gonna get hot but
obviously that that's not sure this is
kind of just like a rubber it feels like
it's like a rubber for the t-shirt to go
and then there we've got the we got the
temperature I don't know if you guys can
see that so it's 144 it's just warming
up apparently that needs to get to 84 as
it says yeah that's what it says right
there 284 caution it is very very hot
so this is I guess the t-shirt press so
it takes I'm guessing five minutes to
warm up I don't know how long I have to
press the shirts for or anything but I
think it's only a few seconds from what
I saw online so now what we actually
need to do I should actually show you is
this is part number two here so part
number two is actually testing out to
the press on some lovely Oh
t-shirts yeah we have t-shirts okay so
we only have oh this is the I don't like
these colors I don't like the second
color oh no no
no no no all right this is not good but
I'll handle it this was not exactly the
color that that I thought it was and
actually you know it's still kind of it
looks more purple than I thought I'm not
quite happy with this but I'll make it
do for now I'm not gonna go and refund
because at the end of the day if I want
to build up an actual t-shirt company
I'm gonna need shirts of all different
colors but what this means that I'm
gonna have to go on to my website and
change change essentially the color all
right so I did check my invoice for the
shirts I originally ordered white and
essentially a dark blue that's what I
thought I ordered but apparently you
know I checked online I checked the
invoice I checked what I actually
checked out
I actually mistakenly hit the one next
to it called Carolina blue so this is
obviously a this is obviously my fault
here but it's all part of running the
business again this is a lesson this is
a mistake that was made this is a
downside that I'm going to deal with I'm
actually gonna keep this I'm not gonna
return it say oh I want different shirts
because I would like to sell this color
eventually I'm going to keep it I think
how many do I would like 50 of these or
something and so again this is the the
very first mistake of actually the
businesses I ordered the wrong t-shirts
wholesale so this is my bad but we're
gonna power through here and I'm
actually gonna be ordering some some
more shots but again for now all I have
is white and and I guess Carolina blue
which is not the kind of blue that I
wanted but that's fine okay so the next
thing I actually have to do is actually
get some sort of logo or something onto
a t-shirt and for that I'm told that
we're supposed to use this which is
t-shirt transfer paper so I guess we
will experiment and see how many times I
mess up making a t-shirt before I
actually get a good t-shirt oh yeah what
I forgot to say is essentially got a lot
of my stuff from Amazon and I got the
shirts from from a Canadian wholesaler
and you can get a lot of this stuff
online we don't sell it on Joyce great
now on my ecommerce marketplace but I do
plan on selling this stuff it's just
right now I've spent so much money on
different kinds of inventory I don't
have enough to take care of like
transfer paper and stuff but um yeah so
if you're curious if as to where I get
the stuff it's largely from Amazon for
now okay what it says we are supposed to
do here is essentially print on this
piece of paper cut a giant circle around
a piece of paper and then put it on the
press for up to three minutes I thought
it was a lot quicker than that so I know
what you guys are asking what's gonna be
here for his design and I just made a
silly one it was actually from the Joe
Rogan and Elon Musk podcast they said
they were talking about chimp life and I
was like oh that's kind of funny so I
just made a logo yeah I don't know if
I'm actually gonna sell that design or
not but we are going that's gonna be the
first test design or sure so we're gonna
print it out on normal paper and then
we're gonna do it on transfer hip of
paper and then we are going to see if it
works
welp that is surely a black and white so
we are going to we're gonna try this
again with different settings I guess
all right try number two that is
significantly better now let's put it on
to the transfer paper although we might
have to actually reverse the image
before we put it on to the the transfer
paper I'm not quite sure but I guess
we'll because when you press it onto the
shirt I think that it goes on reverse
I'm not quite sure I've flipped the
image and hopefully this will be the
actual one we try to put on the shirt so
this is what it looks like I reversed
the the image essentially so I are to
flip this over here has the instructions
and stuff but if you could see here it
says it improper if you can see through
the paper it says lettering proper chimp
life on that side but yeah on this side
yeah it looks reversed but it all looks
good so we're gonna try and press this
onto his shirt actually we got to cut it
at first so the next thing we have to do
is actually print this to cut kind of
half cut out design onto this now the
paper said to put it on the press per
for two minutes and from everything I've
seen on the internet they've said to do
it for about 15 seconds max most likely
10 seconds and and then you just kind of
peel it off and so that's what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna heat this up - I think
370 degrees Fahrenheit and we're gonna
yeah just put the t-shirt on and then
we're gonna put this on and we're just
gonna see if it works it's just trial
and error I'm not
done this before so yeah that's that's
next once this warms up I'll put it on
here it's it's at three five right now
so I guess I should be getting ready to
do this okay
let's uh let's be careful here I'm gonna
put the t-shirt on flat make sure
there's no creases don't touch the hot
part it's sorry I don't know if you guys
can see this actually I'm gonna try to
put the design on now so now we're it's
this and so I'm gonna try to press it
for 15 seconds at about 390 to 300 and I
think I said up to 390 right it's still
going up for some reason but alright
that's fine let's do it alright what's
going under here
make sure it's all lined up properly
alright and just pray to Jesus that this
actually works here we go 3 2 1
[Music]
all right ten nine eight seven six five
four three two one
all right that's great great great great
let's see the results I don't want to
see I don't know if I'd appeal it now
but apparently you said you're supposed
to have two so yeah it's really stuck on
there hey and look it's an actual - okay
so I see what I have to do here now
McCadden oh if you saw this but but I
actually need to do is cut it a lot
he'll see cuz I guess it might have been
too hard or something I'm not quite sure
but you can see the white actually the
white paper actually got on there I
don't you can see that but look it
actually looks like a legitimate t-shirt
I might have put it on there for too
long so this is the first official shirt
and it actually worked on the first try
now we got to work specifically on how
to actually market this and how to make
designs and so that's gonna be next so
right now again this is just day one
we've set up the machine we know how to
print shirts now I'm actually gonna use
the cut out each cut out each one of the
designs I actually have a machine for
that I shouldn't say that it's actually
mine it's actually my girlfriend's
actually because she she actually just
got it for for her side stuff pretty
much as you guys know I have Joyce I own
joy sky making Joyce great now it's
still not fully done it's still kind of
in testing mode right now however over
the past day and a half I've built the
script so that theoretically you can
just customize your design customize the
design and put it on some random colored
shirt I love two colors the ones that we
have right here just upload the design
and as soon as someone buys it you take
a commission you don't even have to have
any inventory for shirts or any heat
press or anything it's just literally
upload to your design um I will press it
for you and ship it for you and they get
quick quick shipping so in Canada the
shipping for these shirts and four
designs if you make it your choice it's
gonna be one or two days if you're in
Canada most two days
occasionally three and for the United
States it's like three to seven days
overseas that's more expensive and it's
gonna take like a week or two depends on
where you are so I'm actually gonna jump
right into what I've been working on for
for that part I'm gonna jump into
essentially the logo designer in t-shirt
maker that I it's just a basic thing
that I put together in two days but I'm
going to be putting that live on Joyce
and I'm going to be showing you guys
what that's like
[Music]