hey guys welcome to another video so for
today I'm gonna show you the way that I
like to make matcha lattes at home so to
get started you'll need a way to make
your matcha I'm gonna use the bowl and
whisk method the traditional way and of
course your matcha I'm using David's tea
ceremonial matcha I'm gonna measure it
out with the matcha spoon you want it
sweet you'll need something to sweeten
it up and you'll need to pick a milk I'm
gonna use this coconut milk because I
love how coconut milk pairs with matcha
I'm gonna go ahead and scoop 2 scoops of
matcha right into my bowl and you could
sift your matcha if you'd like or some
mesh just to make sure there's no clumps
but I'm just gonna like whisk mine
really well to get all the clumps out
because I do see some pesky clumps look
at that and then I've been letting my
water cool for about 20 minutes now so
it should be good for the matcha if you
use water that's too hot with matcha it
could burn the tea leaves and it'll end
up tasting bad so you want to heat your
water and then let it cool for a while
so you're at the perfect temperature I'm
just gonna pour in a little bit to make
like a paste first I just added
teeny-tiny little bit of water and I'm
gonna whisk out all those clumps real
good all right and then when most of
those clumps are broken up and you're
left with a pretty smooth paste like
this then you can add a little bit more
water since we're making a latte we do
want it pretty concentrated still so I
like to eyeball it I never measure my
water when I make matcha but you're just
gonna add just a little teeny tiny bit
like that I have a beautiful layer of
froth on this matcha if you want to add
sweetener to your matcha now it's the
time to do it I'm not gonna add any
sweetener but I am gonna add
little bit of vanilla extract just to
make it a little more like special just
a teeny tiny bit for some vanilla flavor
give it one more Lois all right and then
I'm gonna pour it into my cup I'm just
using this like plain glass cup for my
latte today the smell of vanilla extract
just reminds me of like when my parents
would bake cookies for Christmas and
just brings me right like into the
Christmas season my favorite smell is
vanilla okay so I already frost up my
coconut milk so I'm gonna go ahead and
pour it over the matcha but first look
at that beautiful layer of foam on top
look at that this is the perfect drink
for the holidays especially with the
vanilla because like I said vanilla just
always reminds me of my parents baking
for the season and this latte is gonna
be green color of a Christmas tree so
I'm just gonna pour that steamed milk
right over all right and then we are all
good look at that beautiful latte all
right let's give it a taste oh my gosh
it tastes like matcha cookies the
vanilla extract add something so special
and I love it so on a normal day I just
drink my mantra straight so it has that
really grassy taste to it but this does
not have that at all this literally
tastes like much of cookies or like a
matcha cake or something and I didn't
even add sweetener just vanilla extract
I even used unsweetened coconut milk
just because I don't like too much
sweetness but this tastes really sweet
and delicious to me I want this on
Christmas morning all right guys I hope
you enjoyed learning how to make a
matcha latte and let me know if you end
up trying it and what you think I hope
you're having a beautiful holiday season
and I will see you next time thanks for
watching
[Music]
[Applause]
you