youtube it's hot it's very hot and I
have a problem you see my roommates feet
stink ah i like i like just fell over
and like here was a shoes right there
i'm like i got up oh I don't know what
to do oh it's hot
hahaha look what they put back in the
store
oh and put bella coke back in the stores
I don't think you get it I don't think
you realize let me let me just let me
yeah I don't think you tube realize just
how awesome this is for the past two
years I have been complaining non-stop
that my most favorite pop of all time oh
it's called his vanilla coke but they
stopped manufacturing refer I don't know
why and it came out with berries and
cream crap and with a hint of lime and
stuff that's not even delicious not even
remotely satisfying it's not even
desirable it doesn't look that way not
to me not to me so now I have a story to
tell you about why it is the greatest
indubitably chaps listen to me now as it
stands it was about four years ago I do
recall think it was about four years ago
I was cleaning the attic of my parents
owned the house I lived there at the
time so technically it was my old house
as well it was my old place of dwelling
I was cleaning the attic and my younger
brother refused to help and it made me
very upset but I had to get it done it
was roughly a six-hour job bear in mind
it was mid summer and the blazing heat
that is very very very very very
difficult to do please note that i did
not have any beverage before going into
the attic nor did i consume anything
during the cleaning non-stop for six
hours in the blazing heat the only means
of air was a small window there was no
brief that day I went down the steps
into the kitchen once i was finished i
said mother dearest mother I'm finished
cleaning the Attic do we have anything
to drink she said no more a lot of pulp
ah but alas than she said wait I have
one more vanilla coke in my dresser
drawer in the bedroom you can have it I
took that vanilla coke out and that
thing was warm nay it was hot very hot I
didn't know what to do so I grabbed a
giant Cup the kind you get at the
baseball stadiums I put ice in it and I
dumped that pop in there that vanilla
coke this one is ice cold right now and
I remember exactly what I did
yes you see I enjoyed that coca-cola
very much and I realize that after a
hard day's work you don't want to put
crappy lemonade down your gullet heck no
what you want is the sensual taste of
the classic cola that has been a
favorite of America for so many years so
many generations hinted with the essence
of one of the greatest flavors ever
found vanilla vanilla coca-cola has been
the greatest experience of my entire
human existence
ah
and when we went to see strike three we
had at least these previews that we're
playing a lot of them were just totally
stupid there was a penguin one and I did
something that made the kids laugh
during that preview it was great wait
nothing could have prepared me for the
free me that I got to see that day when
should a can of coke in the word vanilla
fused itself to that can I'm sorry I'm
sorry and the song welcome back was
playing
America youtube
I don't words can express my
appreciation to the coca-cola
corporation for giving me back this the
one and only pop that could actually
make life worth living so the clothes i
have this video i just like to say
welcome back vanilla coke we missed you
ah