hi I'm Simon one of the final year
medical students can I just check your
name and date of birth please hi there's
John Thomas of the 9th 1988 okay nice to
meet you and you happy for me to call
you John
yes that's my grand today I need to
examine your back passage that means I
need to have a look and feel inside with
my finger it might be a little bit
uncomfortable but it won't last very
long and if you feel uncomfortable at
any point we can stop if you like are
you happy to proceed John yes that
sounds fine okay I'll go and get the
chaperone and in the meantime if you
could pull down your underwear in your
trousers and then lie with the sheet
covering you facing the wall on your
side does that sound okay yes okay thank
you
okay John if you could pull your knees
up to your chest for me that would be
great I'm just going to pull up the
sheets now and have a look all right
you
you
and if you could just squeeze my finger
now please that's fine relax I'm just
going to pull it out now okay
let me just wipe away that gel as well
okay John that's the end of the
examination I'll let you get dressed
again
for completeness I would perform a full
abdominal examination I would also
consider any further investigations as
appropriate