okay then start working on the frills
for the petticoat in a moment but before
I do that I'm sure many of you've seen
near daily mails online article for
these Cinderella dress which has been
quite helpful for making this and this
particular picture shows one of the
dance doubles so I just printed these
ass cuz they help when we were studying
this petticoat over the hoop I don't
know if you can see it on this camcorder
but they've actually done some sewing
lines can you just follow my finger and
there's another one there we think
there's another one in between but seems
to disappear and then here we can
actually see some very large zigzag
lines which would make sense for the
markings and placements possibly of the
frills well that's what we're getting
anyway so we're going to go with that
and this one here shows the go days
we're going to call them now usually a
go day is an infill piece on a skirt but
we don't know what else to call them so
we'll call them triangle go days that
have just been literally by the looks of
it week think they're just sewn onto the
outside on this petticoat and also on
this particular photo if you have a
program like Adobe Photoshop or a
program where you can lighten and darken
the images you can pick this out a bit
more but there are more triangle
sections if you just follow my finger
more triangle sections underneath this
out of layer skirt whatever they've used
so it's obviously something Gracie fro
because you can just see more triangle
sections underneath but you will
probably to find that photo online in
blowup yourself
we can just see here some now we don't
know if this is an entirely different
petticoat or what but we can just see
them building Apple a of holographic go
days here but all we can really do is
just guess from these photographs how to
go by it float okay on the bottom of my
cage I'm creating a dust ruffle which is
going to be remove a ball and I'm just
going to attach it on with papas and I
thought the convenient points would be
where the straps are so I just basically
got a long rectangle piece of fabric 13
- 13 inches wide from the top there -
that an inch half two inches off the
bottom and I just did a very light
ruffle across the top and said this is
going to be detachable so I can put it
in the washer if I need to I'm going to
go on more about the ruffling device in
a bit when I start the ruffles for the
petticoat so that will be coming up next
okay as you can see I've sewn one of the
pop is on now and just make sure you get
them the right way when you sew them on
and all that I happen is that just pops
under there and snaps on and I'll do
that at all the points going all the way
around and that way it can just be easy
just to take off and then pop into the
wash make sure you use something like a
polyester I'm using this the ivory
colored organza which I already put
through the overlock earlier to do the
edges so you want something that can
easily be washed
to make the petticoat your first of all
have had to have made your crinoline
cage so get that done first and I'm just
going to show you how to get the
measurements for the petticoats which
will be the layer that is used where all
the frills go on these are all Tracy's
measurements so you have to change them
according to your own first of all get
the waist measurement and then add three
centimeters to get a final number and
then you'll need to take a measurement
from the front of the cage to about five
centimeters off the floor
get a side measurement and then get a
back measurement and then we need to
measure your cage going from about the
halfway point you will of course have
more on the back then you do on the
front because it's the only liquid
elliptical page so measure your halfway
distance and add ten centimeters and the
same for the back and add ten
centimeters so when you come to cutting
it out the front piece will be on a fold
so having taken your waist measurement
we're now going to have that measurement
and then have it again so place is on
the fold and my base measurement will be
sixteen point five and the front is 104
and the bottom will be 80 so going on to
the back piece same waist measurement
the back will be 114 and the bottom will
be a hundred and thirty when you're
putting all these pieces together this
is the center back remember to leave a
gap of about 20 centimeters at the top
so you can get in
out okay we've decided to do a first
layer of frills about five and a half
inches up from the bottom so we're just
marking with a chalk pen 5 and 1/2
inches we're doing that all the way
around
okay we've been busy doing our marks for
our frills and we're now marking where
we want this holographic layer to go
we've decided to go for this ring up set
to 3 for freeing up and we've been
putting little blue marks we're using
the tapes as points to where we want the
top of the go days triangles to meet up
so it's putting point there now we've
been putting a mark about halfway
between that putting that point and then
moving around do the same again we put
another mark you just see it there just
the blue one and then I mark halfway
down on the petticoat between the two so
then you sort of get this sort of effect
going all the way around okay we're now
measuring the first line for the go days
and we're doing a better measurement
we're just getting our distance between
the dots then we're taking a ruler and
just marking the lines out for the
general zigzag pattern
okay with no marks and again I don't
know how this is going to show up on the
camcorder but I do my very best we've
got our two lines we've got our first
zigzag line here
we've been got our second is the exact
line here and we've done a particular
one halfway point
so using this ring here as the half way
okay I notice that on my ruffles and
coloring now I'm doing the bottom over
falls and I've cut these eight inch wide
strips of fabric in white or silk
organza and I've got my colors here and
got baby blue there turquoise there and
I look and what I'm going to do is just
dump them in the various colors so I get
bit of two Coreys bit Bluebell I look
and I have a clove source here and make
sure you protect the floor or your
parents will go crazy and then I'll just
use this just to drape them over
basically I've got my free colors here
I've got a baby blue or china blue lilac
and some turquoise and I'll just show
you the dyes that I use for the blue I
used to this dye one China blue and the
turquoise I invested in some trichter
dye from Dharma trading and that's how
you pronounce it
is a asset dying requires hot water and
white vinegar so you do that one a
little bit differently to the dial on
one switch cold water and I recommend
only a tiny few grains or the edge of a
teaspoon when you put this in if you put
a teaspoon in your color be so intense
but I mean that's okay if you want your
color to be really bright but I need
might be quite pale so I literally put
the edge of a teaspoon amount in and
watered it down a lot and then with
these I find where these dial on cold
water dies this is a very old one now
and you have to put a lot more dying to
get the color to come through on these
ones but the acid dyes you do not need a
lot of diet or for it to take but as I
had these lying around I thought it may
as well make use of them okay I'm
actually going to be using a variety of
the or Ganz's for my drills where this
white silk organza which is a bit more
expensive to buy I this is the one that
I colored turquoise blue and lilacs and
this is what it was called and this is
the seller I bought it from if you wish
to purchase some and this is on eBay see
it was a bit pricey at six dollars 50 a
year hard I also purchased this very
nice sir periwinkle blue it was called
from the same seller that's quite a nice
blue because he's blue a bit better here
also got from the fancy silk store in
Birmingham this very very pale light I
can call it Lila cry don t know what to
call it it's in silk organza again I've
got just two yards of that this is a bit
pricey to buy and it was a bit more at
the fancy silk store then online and
then here I have a synthetic polyester
organza so you can I don't think is see
but it has more of a shine onyx it's a
man-made fabric I'm going to use a
mixture of polyester and the silk
organza because the silk organza is
really expensive and it doesn't come
very wide either and I can't really
budget to make all my frills out of the
silk organza so I'm using a mixture of
the synthetics I mean the only
difference really is your silk agains is
a bit stiffer and it slightly lighter
so that's eerie difference the organ by
made organza is a bit softer but just
very slightly heavier this is one great
big long strip I died earlier you can
just city two boys and the blue goes on
and on a bit I'll have to do a final
measurement in a bit okay if you can see
here I've got all my strips cut and
remember I wanted to finish width to be
around 7 inches so I cut them to 8
inches wide because I've now run them
freely overlocker
she to give that overlock to edge
obviously if it's got a selvage edge
right and you don't need to over lock
that just leave it but for those strips
that don't I've over locked across the
top and the bottom
of course by time we've overlocked
you've lost a bit more of the width and
then when you come to ruffle it in a
moment you lose even more that he got on
my colors I've got my turquoise blues
pale lilac paper pulls all kinds of
colors look really pretty at moment
quite pleased with those okay we're not
going to start doing our falls and I've
decided to use when you use ruffling
devices and we've got this is actually a
spare but we've got one set up here on
the machine this is the old thing of
machine because we found the device
didn't work very well on the plastic
machine okay you have four settings on
the top and we're going to use the
setting on the far right which is a
consistent gather the other holes are
for pleating and for doing different
spaces of pleating then you have a wind
down screw and they wear down right to
the bottom for this setting and then if
I go across to my stitch length this is
set to about 8 stitches to the inch okay
will now demonstrate how this is put
together if you just look down on your
ruffler foot at the front here you got a
little finger sticking out and your
material has got to go over the first
two underneath the finger and then
you've got it pressed between this blue
steel you trace it will show you how to
do that
bit fiddly so just underneath the finger
and then you force the wrist material
backwards and underneath the blue steel
finger like so put foot down and
hopefully it should ruffle then we have
now sewn on the Ezra ruffle and that is
approximately 18 centimeters but you
don't have to be too accurate with that
trace is just going to demonstrate it
now
okay now working on the second Lava
Falls hem skirt and I cut strips that
were ten inches ten inches wide and now
I've overlapped the edges I was aiming
to finish at about nine inches wide
which is needs to meet my finish length
so it's worked out okay and then in a
moment I'm going to be ruffling the
whole lot all over again the same as
before
okay I've not sewn on the frill up there
now nine inches wide from there to the
bottom and my finger is now as you can
see this is gone just a couple of inches
higher up to their knee sorry the first
two ruffles that I did those were the
seven inch finished ones I decided to
now to keep this as just one layer I
might put another one on later I don't
know yet
first level of go days that we're going
to do are iridescent organza material
and they're basically triangles each
side these two sides here are 30
centimeters and then you just cut a
curve when you cut these out you've got
to make sure that the straight grain
goes straight down from the middle and
I've cut 13 of these all together to fit
Tracy's petticoat okay next you have to
sew on your ruffle onto the bottoms of
your go days before you sew these edges
onto your petticoats when you're happy
with the length of your go down your
frill there we go what we're going to do
now is secure the top of each one
with a pin and down the sides and down
the bottom because what we're going to
do now is to sew this on to the
foundation petticoat all the way around