[Music]
concrete roof tile is a beautiful
high-performing roofing product that
provides undeniable curb appeal and
years of added protection however as
with any natural roofing material over
time it is possible for pollutants such
as algae bacteria mold and mildew to
eventually appear on a concrete tile
roof while these types of biological
pollutants are not harmful to the
durability longevity or energy
efficiency of the tile some homeowners
may consider their appearance less than
desirable
fortunately concrete tiled roofs are
exceedingly cleanable when the proper
tools and procedures are used by
professionals tiles can be returned to
their original aesthetic brilliance
while the cleaning process is very
straightforward working on any roof can
be dangerous it is important to seek out
contractors with experience on steep
sloped roofs as with any contract at
work homeowners should only hire
competent insured professionals
preferably licensed roofing contractors
walking on any steep sloped roof can be
difficult and dangerous introducing
water only adds to the difficulty
endanger a competent professional will
always wear fall protection while on a
roof some roofs however may be too steep
to work on safely requiring the
contractor to use machinery such as a
man lift
to access the roof licensed roofing
contractors typically have the
experience to make proper safety
considerations they also understand how
to move around the roof in a way that
will prevent damage to the roof tile it
is recommended to use only water when
cleaning concrete tile roofs the
pressure of the water should never
exceed 1,200 pounds per square inch
depending upon how dirty a roof appears
and what pollutant is on the roof it may
be necessary to use a cleaner in
conjunction with the pressurized water
it is important that cleaners be used in
the most diluted solution possible
additionally the cleaner should be
compatible with concrete there are
cleaners on the market that can change
the pH of the tile or even etch the
surface a competent professional with
experienced cleaning tile roofs should
be able to make this determination let's
review your concrete tile roof should be
cleaned by a licensed bonded and insured
roofing contractor that has the
experience and concrete tile roofing
unlike a regular roof cleaning company a
Roofing Contractor can inspect your roof
make any repairs necessary and recommend
a routine maintenance program ensure
that the Roofing Contractor utilizes
fall restraint apparatus when cleaning
and working on your roof concrete tile
roofs should be cleaned with pressurized
water and it should never exceed 1,200
pounds per square inch chemicals have
used should be utilized sparingly to
avoid damage to color flashings and
plants if you are ready to bring back
the original brilliance of your concrete
tile roof we recommend that you contact
your local roofing professional
you