these are our emerald green liners we're
at Highland Hill farm on route 313 and
fountain Ville PA we have these emerald
green liners for people that are want a
real small cheap economical tree these
grow very very fast
they'll probably grow about another
eight ten eight to ten inches this year
you plant these trees three feet apart
they make a great screen or buffer they
do not like shade then they do not like
wet feet but they are easy to grow in
full Sun light with well-drained soil so
if you want emerald greens small little
liners like this we have these for sale
we also have emerald greens up to five
to six foot and also we have some that
are eight 10 12 foot high the best size
to plant for the landscape is a five to
six foot but if you're willing to wait
some time these trees would be ideal for
you we're at 50 to 75 West Swamp Road
fountain Ville PA one eight nine to
three thank you
you