[Music]
in May I can't believe any other place
to be but Shriner's Iris Gardens and
Steve the gardens just look so gorgeous
as always oh Judy I know I can't believe
it either I mean even a week 10 days ago
I never would have expected this so
mother nature really does make us all
humble yeah
and you know I found out and I didn't
know this I apologize that Shriners is
the largest Irish breeder in the world
and it's right here in the lamut valley
and congratulations it's that is just a
wonderful thing well thank you thank you
very much yeah that's um that does
happen to be true now that our friendly
competitors coolies are no longer with
us um yeah we are we are the but we were
the largest in the world um for actually
for many years we 200 acres and um and
some times I think there might be
another reason for that is because um if
someone knew what it all entails they
might say no maybe I'll go for the
hardware right right and so how many are
you introducing this year because I know
every year you have many to introduce
right on the cover of the catalog in the
first six pages we have our 17 of our
introductions and then we have one more
coming out this summer wow 18 all
together ah so you know you really have
to come out and get the catalog and
really see all the beautiful plants but
um you know as you drive along I five
you do see many beautiful blooming Iris
but that's not all to see that's right
that's a that would be probably the main
point that I would like to make on your
wonderful program and that is so many
people have said when they're driving by
they thought our Gardens was what they
GL glimpsed from their car and it
couldn't be more different kind of like
Mark Twain said between the difference
between lightning and the lightning bug
this G has been here for 60 years so the
backd all these mature trees and
perennials and everything just make a
wonderful setting for this combination
of Iris and companion plants you give so
many ideas to the home Gardener I I take
many pictures and bring them home to my
garden because it you could see what
goes with what what colors go with which
and then what shrubs is a backdrop or an
addition so it's really extra
information when you come out to see the
beautiful gardens thank thank you Judy
thank you I agree my brother Ray does a
wonderful job and knowing what to put
where and it's just a just a delight I
just wish we could be out here more
ourselves right well it's really a
family effort because your sister Liz
also works here so it's a great family
business and you do have lots of parties
because I know you love to party so you
really have some good events coming up
too yeah we do have a lot of events um
on uh May 18th as um Kaiser Fest begins
that weekend people can go to Iris
festival.com for for more information on
that and and uh on the 18th and 19th
we're going to have a micro Brewery
tasting with gilgames uh Brewery and
we're also going to have floral
arranging flower arranging from Green
Thumb flower box florist from 1 to two
and also from 3:00 to 4: and Greg Meyer
playing the accordion and then the
following weekend is Memorial Day
weekend and we're going to have meth Ben
Vineyards doing wine tasting all 3 days
from 12:00 to 5:00 and then of course
Memorial Day is the barbecued chicken
from the kns of Columbus is is um 11: to
4 and uh Capitol City jazz band plays
from 1 to 5 for about their 20th
straight Year ah you know there's so
much fun and you can stroll the gardens
bring your um your cameras and your
family and really come out for a
wonderful day and come and see Steve and
he tells jokes and it's just a lovely
day and we can't wait to hear the joke
this year so we'll see you that day
thank you very much Judy thank you very
much for coming I hope everyone comes
out the next three week are going to be
excellent yeah take care thank you Judy
thank you
[Music]