hello guys today we prepared a tire
curve or loin but now let's see the
intro we need 1 kilogram of pork loin
the most difficult things is to tie her
up
but now I will show you so please follow
the video with a piece of string you can
tie the meat
so now
and you should turn three times and
after putting it inside the string in
this way
and
500 gram of salt + 150 gram of brown
sugar we mix both together and after we
massage directly now we should put the
meat with the salt and brown sugar in
the fridge for 24 hours
after 24 hours the meat a little water
so now we remove the salt sugar and we
worship with that white vinegar after we
very to be again we massage with salt
sugar
washed our meat with a vinegar now we
take one teaspoon of brown sugar 1
teaspoon of salt 2 teaspoon of pepper we
mix these three ingredients and we cure
the meat again
after five minutes the meat will live
again a little bit over use this can
help us to glue the paper this is more
pepper ground really small real thing so
now we are the pepper we must start with
the perfect in this way
now we should anger our
our meet someplace where there is not
too much wind or dust because we should
keep at room temperature for sure they
will drop some drop off liquid again
because we said the meat will sweat
after 24 hours we will put in the fridge
or in the sea you
after 24 hours at room temperature now
we can put our meat in the basement or
if you are not a basement in the fridge
like we do I will put together with the
pancetta the probably there with test so
see you in the future to test this one
you should keep in the basement in the
fridge
more or less
you can say is in the fridge a probably
today
like I say already I will remove that
pancetta not a small one but that flat
one because it's already 21 days so I
want to test it
finally after one month our employee is
seasoned so now we can test it
spectacular especially with the
strawberry wine okay guys see you next
time remember to subscribe to the
channel to leave me a like you take
towards the other video videos here you
can find how to make texts or my other
kind of wine and how to embryo the via
patent remember always that if you have
some suggestion or some question please
write me my life