welcome welcome welcome to the homeboy
cooking show my name is Aon Braxton I'm
your host and today we're going to cook
some Sak TOA black ey peas these are
going to be some banging black ey peas
just in time for the holidays now I know
I still need me like a theme song but I
can't come up with nothing welcome to
the homeb cooking
show
I don't know I don't know I don't know I
don't know anyway look look look look
look we going to just start and this
going to be a really quick one but it's
good just a time for the holidays New
Year's coming up you know all of us need
a little extra cash and they always say
that black ey peas will bring you some
money for the new year now I sometimes
add you know some other types of beans
with my black ey peas but today we're
just going to do some straight up socket
to you black IPS so we uh we're going to
start with with the black ey peas
obviously i' like to do about two cups
of black ey peas two cups to about six
cups of water we have some garlic powder
some uh garlic chopped up
Garlic some onion salt um just like the
last time I still haven't gone out to
the store and bought some onion powder
so I got some onion salt um so I'll use
a less bullion or something less less
you know season salt or something uh to
to uh now this is that nice green uh
Cajun seasoned salt notice how all my
labels they turned around cuz all y'all
know the phrase by now they ain't paying
me but anyway uh this is some really
good stuff um but you can use seasoned
salt or any type of cajan salt that you
like but I just like that especially for
my black ey Peas I have some some
chicken bullon this is the powder if you
got the cubes throw those in there but I
like the powder because I can kind of
control a little bit of of of how much I
put in obviously some black pepper um
notice how this is the kind that you
grind up I like this a little better
obviously I'm not going to put these
little granules in there cuz I don't
want to crack too um now this is
optional this is diced tomatoes today
I'm just feeling like I want some diced
tomato in my black ey peas you don't
have to put yours in there but you know
it adds an extra o to and a little bit
of acidity to the the the black ey peas
look I'm talking like I really know what
I'm doing uh but anyway um today I'm
going to add some diced tomatoes but
this is optional you don't really have
to put them in but I just like it um and
of course bay leaves now this is the
thing when you put the bay leaves in
your black ey peas what you don't want
to do is eat it you take this out unless
you want your little Dairy a to be a
little ripped up from the little bay
leaves so after you're done cooking
cooking kind of count I'mma put about
three in there so that I know I'm going
to take three out because you don't want
to eat this it's not going it'll rip up
your throat and everything else so don't
eat it it's just strictly for flavoring
just put it in after you're done cooking
find them and take them out and of
course my little cheat sheet my little
three bell pepper and onion blend I
don't like to cut up onions they make me
cry and all that kind of sappy stuff so
I just don't like to do it and this is a
fantastic alternative you can get that
at that little 1 cent take away from a
dollar store or you can get that from
you know the the grocery stores they got
them on sale for like 9 Cent sometime
they're a little more expensive at the
grocery store so I like to go to this
one I actually got from the grocery
store but most of the times I get them
from one of those little dollar stores
you know you know what I'm talking about
in the freezer section this is like I
buy like 10 of them at a time no lie put
them in my
freezer and of
course this is smoke
turkey tails now I know some of y'all
like well it's about time that brother
got away from that swine you know black
folks and Swine we ain't supposed to be
eating that hey only reason why I'm not
eating swine is because I'm fat and I'm
trying to lose a little bit of weight
y'all just a little bit like about five
lbs you know my stomach you know y'all
don't see it cuz I'm sucking it in for
the camera but you know what I'm saying
but so I'm I'm trying to lose just a
little bit of pounds and this is the
healthy alternative so um I got three of
them here uh for
my uh what am I making black ey peas
y'all so let's get
started okay you guys that follow me on
YouTube know that I don't really be
measuring stuff but for the sake of the
demonstration I'mma measure I'mma put
about
four
tablespoons of chicken stock chicken
[Music]
bullon I'mma add
my
about a tablespoon
of Creole
seasoning
oh there's another
bump this is the garlic
powder onion salt again I like to use
onion powder but
brother don't have none now I'mma put
about three bay leaves in
here
one two actually I'm going put four
three these are little all right so
there's four remember that
four
pepper now a couple things
notice how when when we came over to the
pot the water was already in i' had
already rinsed my my beans I already
rinsed them out and uh made sure there's
no rocks cuz again you don't want a
crack tooth and every once in a while
there's a rock in there so you want to
make sure you get the rocks out you want
to make sure you get any defective beans
out whatever you just want to so you
want to rinse your beans first so I
rinsed them um I soaked them for you
know about 20 minutes and then I started
adding my ingredients um notice again
how the also how I left the pot the top
of the pot crack a little bit because
you know I hate cleaning up man and you
know it the water boils over onto your
stove you got to clean up and the the
faster I get to clean up the faster I
get to eat all right so we're going to
let this boil down a little bit I'm not
going to put my tomatoes in just yet cuz
you know they're they're basically
already cooked so I'm not going to put
them in just let I'm going to let that
boil down I'm going to let those flavors
you know mix mix in with the beans this
is going to take a long time it's going
to take about you know anywhere from an
hour to 2 hours to cook so we going to
let this cook down and then when I open
that pot back up I'm going put those
tomatoes in and then they almost going
to be
done so about 45 minutes has
passed I'm going to check on these
beans um as you can see uh the water has
run
down so I'm going to add some
water fair amount of water
uh this is the time I'm going to add
those Peppers I'm going to add
this not the entire bag but like about
3/4 of the
bag now most of the times I would keep
my black IPS like this but today I just
want to um
add some diced
tomatoes to the
mix the diced tomatoes are
optional well anything is optional you
know what I
mean I'm going to let this cook probably
for about another 45
minutes all right this is looking good
all right so I just tasted my my black
ey peas and they taste fantastic the
sauce is coming together it's thickening
up like I want however it's just a tad
bit too salty for me so I'm about to add
another cup of water just to to to to
dilute just some of that saut√© so much
you know us black folks you know we got
high blood pressure man I can eat it
like that but you know us in our high
blood pressure you know you know what
I'm saying so I'm I'mma dilute it just a
little bit and uh put a little bit more
water let it cook for about 15 more
minutes and that's going to to be the
bomb the bomb I keep saying the bomb I'm
going say I know that's like
1990s but hey it's I I you know in just
in case you know I got some some some
kids that might want to watch this so I
can't really say what I want to say so I
I guess the bomb will work all right all
right someone put some more water in
this
there you have it black ey peas for the
holidays these are scrumptious they're
party they you can eat them by itself
with some rice eat them for for
Thanksgiving for Christmas for New
Year's or just
because black ey
peas just like your Grandmama used to
make well there you go I'm sorry I'm
like smacking cuz you know I I got some
some black IPS in my teeth I'm so sorry
you you know what that's so
unprofessional of me um like eating on
the camera and stuff that's you know
well okay anyway this is a this is Aon
Braxton um I'm the homeboy this is
homeboy cooking show thanks for watching
you know keep your comments coming good
or bad I learned from from everybody you
know uh you got some suggestions you
know for instance you don't want to you
don't like your your your your black
eyps as little loose then you know add
less water I just like mine a little
loose because I like to eat mine with
some rice you know what I'm just
thinking about it the reason why it's
probably a little Sal more salty than I
thought because I forgot to subtract one
of the the bullion uh tablespoons since
I had onion salt instead of onion powder
forgot about that but you know what we
all make mistakes but still anding the
water came out the way that wanted it
too these are great I'm going sit down
at that couch I'mma have me a bowl uh
might gas up a little bit but hey that's
a little too much information all right
thanks again for watching have a great
rest of your week weekend day night
whenever you're watching this
peace