in our last 10 things you can toss right
now video we talked about getting rid of
candle jars you know the ones that have
like half an inch of candle wax left and
the broken wick and we asked you guys to
leave us a comment if you wanted to see
how to reuse these jars and how to get
rid of the wax at the bottom because
some of these are actually quite pretty
I mean this one doesn't look gorgeous
right now but trust me after it gets
cleaned it's going to look great and it
can serve a lot of different purposes
around the house so this week I'm going
to show you three different different
ways that you can get rid of the wax and
then some creative ways you can
repurpose these guys just a quick
reminder if you haven't done so already
to subscribe to the clean mypace Channel
and if you'll like this kind of video
this DIY stuff give us a thumbs up cuz
it helps us know that you guys really
love what we're doing I'll take this
first candle and put it in the freezer
this is a super simple method and it'll
take about a couple of hours for the wax
to shrink just enough so I can pop it
out now some people say to leave it
overnight I'm not not going to do that I
think 2 hours is more than sufficient
for this candle now when you pull it out
if it's not loose enough get a butter
knife in there wedge it around and that
should help loosen the wax up so you can
easily pop it out for any remaining wax
or suit you can just give it a quick
clean in your sink use a little bit of
dish soap a sponge some baking soda you
know the
usuals for this second candle I used the
oven method I turn the oven on to 400Â° F
and I launch b a broiler pan really
really well with tin foil you want to do
this so that none of that wax gets all
over the rest of your broiler pan then
put your candle upside down that way any
of the melted wax can actually pour out
now I'll take this pan I'll just put it
in the oven for 10 minutes and all of
that wax should drip right out now by
the way this is super hot so when you
pull it out of the oven use oven gloves
or W of paper towel but just be careful
cuz you're dealing with hot wax and hot
glass the other cool thing is stickers
will just kind of Bake Off in the oven
so you can easily lift them off with a
butter knife once they come out of the
oven I'll let it cool down for a couple
of minutes first and then I'll give it a
quick wash and now I'll use the old
boiling water method to get the wax out
of this candle so quite simple boil up
some water line your counter with a few
layers of paper towel this is going to
get hot and waxy when the water is
boiled pour pour it in about 3/4 the way
full Into Your Candle jar and what that
will do is start to lift the wax away
from the glass now here I use a butter
knife just to move things around but the
wax quickly came out the next thing you
have to do is let this cool for about 30
minutes reason you want to do that you
don't want to dump the water down the
sink because it's going to have wax in
it which is really going to screw up
your drain system so let it cool let it
separate through all the waxy part dump
the water clean out the jar and there
you go like people candle jars come in
all different shapes and sizes and there
are so many cool things you can actually
do with them and now that you know how
to clean them out and make them look
brand new the world's your oyster so I'd
love to know in the comments down below
what do you plan to do with your new
found Storage Solutions let us know
because I think we're going to try and
put like a big Mega video together with
all kinds of cool different uses for
these candle jars and I'd love to see
pictures
of your repurpose Candle jar so you can
tag me on Instagram or on Snapchat or
Facebook you guys know how to reach me
if you want to see what I'm up to during
the rest of the week aside from
repurposing candle jars but remember I
want to see what you're doing with your
repurpose candle jars you can find me on
Instagram and Snapchat I am at Melissa
maker the guy who has 300 projects ready
for his candle jars he is at the chat
Reynolds and we are at clean Myspace
there's a button down there that lets me
know you care so click it if you liked
this video and click this button right
here to subscribe and begin your journey
to a cleaner life thanks so much for
watching and we'll see you next time