hey everyone welcome back to another
episode of honeysuckle catering today
I'm going to show you how to make
another classic cookie the snicker
doodles a simple and delicious cookie
that's always best homemade let's get
started you're going to need 1 and 1/3
cup of flour one egg one stick of butter
half a teaspoon of vanilla extract 3/4
cups of white sugar 1 teaspoon of cream
of tartar half a teaspoon of baking soda
an 1/ of a teaspoon of kosher salt and
then half a tblspoon of cinnamon and
half a tbspoon of sugar for the coating
first take your butter sugar egg and
vanilla extract and beat it together
[Music]
well next blend in your flour cream of
tartar baking soda and salt into the
mixture mix it well the cream of tartar
is the secret ingredient here it's
what's going to keep it fluffy and moist
inside now preheat your oven to
400Â°. next take your sugar and cinnamon
and combine it together it should look
kind of like sand take a cookie sheet
and line it with some parchment paper
then take your cookie dough and roll it
into a
ball next roll it into the sugar
cinnamon mixture until it's
covered place it onto your cookie sheet
about 3 in apart because it will expand
when you're baking put it into the oven
and bake for about 8 to 10 minutes these
babies are going to go fast you don't
want to overbake them or else they're
not going to be soft and doughy inside
sneaker Doodles are like the underdog of
cookies you don't really think about
them much because there's always the
chocolate chip or the oatmeal raisin but
these are just as good take them out and
let them cool for about 5 minutes your
cookie should be puffy slightly golden
brown and chewy inside and there you
have it the Snicker doodle let's give it
a
try it should be puffy and chewy on the
inside best served warm thanks for
watching another episode of Honeys
suckle catering let me know what your
favorite classic cookie is by commenting
below and if you want to see more videos
and recipes please subscribe above and
please also visit my Facebook page for
more daily
updates and I'll see you guys soon
[Music]
[Music]
bye