I have way too many things in my closet
and I'm not going into 2019 like that
hey what's up you guys welcome back to
my channel and if you are new here hi my
name is Lindy I make videos about
Instagram editing fashion you know
really whatever I dream up so today's
video I am working with Poshmark to
bring you all a closet clean out video
that I will be going through my clothes
picking out the things that I don't wear
actively or haven't really been reaching
for lately and I will be listing a lot
Poshmark which I will have leaked below
and here on the screen you can see how
easy it is to use Poshmark I have used
posh market to buy a dress for a formal
one it's also insert picture oh it was
really cute Betsey Johnson hot pink I
love her and I've also been using pop
Mart for about maybe six months to a
year now so I was really excited when I
got the opportunity to work with them on
this video oh yeah let's go so don't
mind her I think I'm gonna use this to
like set my clothes up take pictures for
Poshmark so she's just gonna be standing
over there and then I have clutter from
like my 8th grade jewelry back here
don't look at it it's fine let's see
into the depths of my closet that doors
broken so a displays have another closet
over here which has like most of my
shoes and winter coats in it I'm not
sure you haven't want to go through that
I mean kind of thinking I'm honestly not
even gonna think about what's on the top
row because I'm not ready for that and
also I have a closet at school which is
really small and it has clothes that I
know I'm not getting rid of everything
here is stuff that I've left here and
took other stuff to school so if you
haven't worn something in like a year
like in this whole season it's passed me
a treat or something I feel like there's
no reason to keep it it's just take
never in your closet and in your life so
I'm gonna go ahead and declutter I'll
show you anything that I'm going to be
listing I might try on I'm not sure yeah
that might be a little much we'll see
y'all I cannot decide what I will and
won't wear like
this or quite a while I haven't worn it
and when I left it here when I went to
school so thanks I'm gonna list this my
mom loves this dress so she's gonna be
so mad
I've worn it once or twice but don't
know if I see you sweating it again this
dress from forever 21
I just never ended up wearing it because
it's just a little bit short on me it
has a slip and everything every time I
tried to wear it I just felt like it was
a little bit too short and I spent a
brand st. Tropez what it's really cute I
just don't know if I see myself wearing
it it's like a coral color it's a tunic
I might was this look my mom doesn't
steal it from you so this shirt t-shirts
but it's pretty cute this as well I love
a great shirt for quite some time that's
just like a fashion e-tec t-shirt which
I like to wear with jeans or a fun skirt
I like to like use these to dress down a
skirt I don't know I still think they're
cute I just don't reach for that often
to my entire graduation so this three
people dress is cute I just don't wear
it but it's short as well again another
three people dress that I think is cute
but it's just a bit short on me to be
comfortable I'm gonna try this on as
well and see what I think this sure it's
listed it's from the brand paper crane
flowy white tank top type things to
layers so yeah this is great if you have
a jacket or something over it we're just
by itself in the summertime so this is
listed and like these are almost the
same color and almost the same guys I
cannot keep them both this one still has
the tag so I think I'm gonna keep it
this is hard I don't know I've worn this
once and I think it was short on me if
this one is short then this one will be
listed and it's got a lace back and at
least up front and lace sleeves and it's
blue and has a really cute like brought
him it's cute it's just I'm tall so this
whole navy dress is super cute size
small and it has a v-neck in the front
in the back which I love I mean it has
pockets I have another ghetto dress so I
don't need to other was at school
currently I'm gonna list it and has a
row in bottom it I'm sorry my head's
cough I think this could be great for
all the seasons because I wore it in
December with some cute family heels but
then also you can wear it in the
wintertime with like a turtleneck
layered underneath it and some over the
knee boot so so these pants I'm gonna
try these on and make my decision off of
that these are from Francesca's they're
size small and they're like blue with a
white almost like Moroccan ish pattern I
something's telling me these are a
little bit tight on me now and I don't
want them if they fit tight anywhere so
the shirts formal maybe black is the new
black but I never wear it probably
because I don't really wear black and
it's like tone on tone so the writing on
it is like glossy which i think is
really cool like subtle this is a Lucky
Brand blouse number and has like a mixer
back to thank v-neck bottom don't Li
wear dark colors
so this might be just about branding I
might have worn this once or twice so I
think I'm gonna listen to this so this
t-shirt is made well and I'm gonna list
this unless my mom steal that from me
it's like a Murphy green color I just
don't really wear I mean I'm wearing a
colored lungis right now I guess but
it's just a little bit dark for what I
wear these shorts I'm gonna list these
are from the leaper targets but I don't
wear them now I think they might be a
little too small on me this dress it's
from Old Navy and it's like a bean sack
almost babydoll dress coral and white I
love this dress
I've wore it a few times it's an extra
small though so it was a little bit
short on me so I'm also I haven't
mentioned I'm like five seven and a half
so yeah this was a little too short of
me to wear overly comfortably so it's
listed it's already up in my Park this
dress is already listed as well black it
has a sweetheart neckline it's bodycon
and then this lace is like a polka dot
tie place and the mirc sorry my dogs I
always thought that this would be so
cute like if you dressed up as Holly
Golightly aka Audrey Hepburn in
Breakfast at Tiffany's
it's bodycon though and I'm just like a
little bit self-conscious about wearing
dresses that tight and in the back also
has a golden zipper so this dress is
also a sieve already super cute for the
summertime I bought this from my store
called Verona or persona I really can't
remember push them
it's featherbrain London Times it is a
size 8 it's been pretty big on me and
when I first bought it I thought that I
would get it tailored and I never did it
so that to me shows me that it's not
something I'm reaching for so this is
listed on my Poshmark like a blue
seersucker with a crochet lace types
detailing on the front this dress is
also listed already it's a beautiful
color it has a little tire on the
weights but this would be really cute
with a belt
it's something I reach 24 but the color
is so pretty soon this shirt is also
listed it's like a lilac and I love the
friend news and the bell sleeves I like
everything about this shirt it's just
thin and I don't usually know how to I
don't know how to wear things that are
thin but you wear a tank top do airbed
no do you wear a bra let I really don't
know so just always kind of gave me
stress this dress is from the brand
peach love I guess is what the brand is
and I got those four conflicts it's like
a chain in the Midwest and it took this
pink powder or you can creamy white
pattern and this little fringy flappy
hue wore this to a couple concerts they
aren't really like how am I looking
spaghetti strips
I've noticed so not really something
I'll be a region for again so that will
be listed as well I think that there's
already listed actually alright so that
is it for the top of this closet down
here and how to skirts and shorts I'm
just gonna look through that real quick
so these are some like green yellow like
pink Lily shorts that scallops I
remember how excited I was to get these
so it kind of makes me sentimental like
I'm not sure if I'm gonna have this
straight Felicity's but if somebody else
would love them like I looked at him and
it would be worth it you know I'm gonna
try them on see you're running out
everyone this closet door these shorts
are from bullhead which is a Paxson
Brandon do believe they have like
they're just so short that I am not
comfortable again I have some Lily
shorts these are like texture II and I
have a crab on them like the neon is so
cute just don't really reach for them
all that much so so this asymmetrical
denim skirt is from wall it is a size 24
or double zero so I think that I caught
this my freshman year everyone's by
doing skirts I didn't have one it was on
clearance I think he was a little small
firm whom I bought it I bought it anyway
and now every time I put it on I'm like
that doesn't know if it I will be
listing it alright lastly I have this
little skirt from Abercrombie sighs -
this is really cute I just don't know if
it's gonna be too short for me I hope
it's not alright this is a No so who
wants this cuz I'm not wearing it
alright thank you guys so much for
watching also like I said in my clutch
mark will be down below if you saw
anything that you would like also I have
uploaded some things from this video and
then something they're still gonna like
be in the works - getting listed as well
as some things that I didn't show this
video that are already on my Poshmark or
that will be in my pocket mark in the
next few days so definitely just go
ahead and follow me to stay up to date
on what I am selling for my closet
alright thank you guys
[Music]