hey you two friends this is lady m62 and
today i'm cooking a really quick meal
I'm just gonna show you all how I've
made salmon patties well some people
call them salmon croquettes doesn't take
long to cook and I have my salmon here
this is just a can of salmon that I
picked up from the grocery store I've
gotten a majority of the skin out and
the bones I think it was a pink royal or
you also have my chicken of the sea or
something like that but it's actually
salmon chicken of the sea is just a
brand I have one egg breadcrumbs I used
these breadcrumbs just because I like
them I have garlic powder Italian
seasoning black pepper I have to have my
old bait seasoning and I just cut up
just a little onion and green pepper as
you can see I've just added in my
seasonings and I'm gonna go ahead and
add the remainder of the ingredients and
the including the breadcrumbs all right
this is where we are now and the
seasoning I've added one egg the green
pepper and the onion or bell pepper and
the onion and the breadcrumbs on this
side this is where we are now all I've
done was mix it up and it kind of looks
like just like if you were making tuna
fish doesn't it - the mayo and mustard
and if you add and pickle relish and all
that stuff what I'm gonna do is I want
to make my patties and I have a cookie
sheet right here with parchment paper on
it not wax paper on parchment paper and
I'm gonna make my patties and then put
them in the refrigerator for about 20 to
30 minutes
I just took our salmon patties out of
the refrigerator and then this on this
side I just have a little bit of bread
crumb so I'm just gonna dust the patties
with you don't have to do this this is
just something that I do
[Music]
I just flip the salmon patties look at
how nice and golden-brown they are I
just took the salmon patties out of the
skillet and I'm just gonna let them rest
on here and let the grease drain because
if I put them on paper towels right out
of the skillet it's a possibility they
might get soggy and I don't want that
okay I'll salmon patties are all done
and this is what they look like I know
some people struggle and half a time
when they making like salmon patties or
crab cakes they break apart as you can
see my salmon patties are nice and plump
and whole they're not broken apart and I
know the things that I do once I make my
patties I go ahead and put them in the
refrigerator when I'm making crab cakes
I go ahead and make it up put it in the
refrigerator so this is what they look
like and you guys if you don't want the
breadcrumbs we like the extra crunch
that we get from the breadcrumbs if you
don't like it then don't use it you know
you can use something else but we're
getting ready to eat dinner and thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next one bye