hey it's Catherine at resin obsession
and today I'm really excited to be able
to introduce you to a couple new
products that we're carrying we have the
new glitters and mica fragments from
stampendous if you're into glitter at
all for your resin jory projects you're
gonna love these products so let's take
a look at what they are so we have a the
micro glitter line as you can see this
is a very finely ground glitter very
fine consistency as compared especially
to the glass glitter which is a lot
coarser you can actually really see some
big fragments here and then the biggest
pieces of all are gonna be the micro
fragments and you can see these are
really big flakes so let's use these in
a couple projects and see how they turn
out
so these are our one and a half inch
silver pendants that I've taken
scrapbooking paper cut it to fit the
pendant put it in the bottom of each and
sealed it with two layers of a clear
drying glue I've mixed some easy cast
epoxy resin and now I'm gonna add just a
little bit of resin to each pendant
so once you have the resin in your
pendants and you've removed any bubbles
then you can add in your glitters so I'm
gonna start over here with the micro
glitter and we're just gonna shake a
little bit on and see what happens this
is a very finely ground glitter and you
can see it wants to rest on top
certainly if you wanted to have this
mixed in your piece I would probably
recommend mixing this glitter in with
your resin before pouring it into your
pendant so let's try the glass glitter a
much coarser appearance and texture
and as you can see this really wants to
sink into your piece and then lastly the
Micah's I because of the big flakes
they're almost like fish food I would
probably just pick a few off and place
them into your pendant
and you can see their how they look now
of course at this point you can do
something like a toothpick to help move
around your pieces I don't know if it's
gonna help with the micro glitters that
much but certainly with the bigger
pieces it can so I'm gonna adjust these
the way I want them and then we're gonna
let them cure
so now that our pendants have cured
let's take a look and see how they
turned out so here's the micro glitter
and as you can see the glitter stayed on
the top kind of a neat effect to this
pendant but certainly that's something
to keep in mind if you want your glitter
dispersed throughout the pendant you're
gonna need to mix it in ahead of time
however for those of you that love to
pour resin into molds and then add the
glitter to the back you're probably
really gonna want to use some of these
because as you can see the glitter
stayed on the surface so this is the
glass glitter piece I really like the
effect here kind of really neat you know
a little chunky
still has some sparkle some kind of neat
stuff and then the last one is the one
we did with the mica a little bit of
sparkle maybe not quite as chunky
looking but certainly the pieces are
bigger so depending on what kind of
effect you're going for I think any one
of these could probably really do you a
nice job so if you have any questions
about this project the bezels some other
techniques by all means please leave a
comment in the box below and if you get
a minute stop by resin obsession comm we
have a blog in jewelry making farm and
we're happy to help you with your
residence happy casting
you