hi guys it's Carolyn with crafting with
wine and I'm coming on to share
something that I've been doing probably
about the last month and I will need to
share it with you guys because it might
be something that you might want to do
when I send out happy mail or packages
and everybody opens it up and they're in
these ugly brown boxes and when you're
doing boxes like this because I'm a box
hoarder I'm just kind of ashamed to
admit that but I keep all of these boxes
from packaging that I've unwrapped and
taken apart or boxes that I get in the
mail from things that I've ordered and I
saved them when they're gonna be a good
size or potentially a good size for
happy mail that I want to send to my
crafty friends so that's what I've done
with this one here I've saved it it's
quite a small box and I have measured
the flaps of this box and they measure 7
and 3/4 of an inch wide by four and a
half inches high and I'm going to
decorate it and this is what I've been
doing so I'm excited to show you what
I'm doing and I apologize for all the
bad shadows my lighting is real poor and
we're getting ready to get some pretty
severe thunderstorms here so I've got my
paper cut to size it's actually
cardstock and then I've put just a
little decorative strip of cardstock on
all four pieces of my paper and what I'm
gonna do is just I'm gonna use wet glue
to put these down
because it's strong and it will hold and
I'm just using my tombow mono liquid and
it doesn't take much just enough to get
around the edges and then I've got this
one and I'm just gonna line it up on my
box here like so so that's all that I'm
doing and then I'll do this one because
I'm gonna put it on the opposite side
and I did line up my little pink strips
so though they will line up if you put
them together they line up so let me get
this one down and just show you and then
I'll get the rest of them down
off-camera I'll just pause for a minute
so you guys don't have to watch me do
all of that we all know how to glue
paper to paper right we're correct
we're paper crafters we know how to do
that
without a doubt this is soap we can't
glue paper to papers and we shouldn't be
paper crafting right um this is gonna be
really cute and I see a piece of tape
from the outside sticking over there and
I'm just gonna chop that off for a
minute alright so let me pause and I'll
be right back
so the cardstock on the inside flaps of
my box are drying so I've got it flipped
over and upside down and I've got this
white tissue paper here
and what I'm doing is I've put it over
the base of my box because I know this
will fit inside my boss and I'm just
taping ring in the corners in and
folding them over and taping them in
place and I'm doing this because now I
can take it off very gingerly
and I've got a perfect base which is
gonna make the bottom of my box look
pretty but it also will come out real
easily too so let me get that down in
here female that it's down in there real
well but um actually I'm gonna take it
back up I just wanted to show you that
I'm gonna take this back out for now and
and I'm gonna decorate my flaps and one
of the things that I've done is I've
created this happy tag that says happy
and all these beautiful colors and it
goes with my papers I thought so I'm
just going to put some ATG gonna adhere
on the back of that and I'm gonna do a
lot and then I'm gonna pop it right I'm
gonna try to Center it right on the flap
in my box is so looking cute right
and you know it's nothing grand
inglourious it's just sweet and simple
is all that I'm doing and then I'm gonna
flip this over flip it around and then
I've got this other tag that I made
that's got a cute little snail and it's
cut like a postage stamp
and it says snail mail and I did all of
this with my Cricut and I'm just and I
did it with the print and cut feature as
well and I'm gonna put some adhesive on
that and pop that right there I'm gonna
pop it right there
now I also already pre tied this little
ribbon that this um khaki color and
because it matches the background colors
I'm gonna pop a little hot glue on that
and I'm gonna put it right here you
don't want to you know I'm not gonna do
decorate to the extreme because
obviously this box is most likely going
to be thrown away unless they decide to
recycle it and send it to somebody else
so that's fine tuned that would make me
very happy if they did that but that's
what I'm doing so you can see that and
then I did happy from the seven drawers
I've cut him out and I'm gonna put him
over here is what I'm thinking so I'm
just gonna put some ATG gun and he Civ
on him and get him popped down there
and that's a cute place for him and then
I have one of these other bows that I've
tied and I'm gonna pop some hot glue on
it okay glue gun spiderwebs and I'm
gonna pop it right there on that one and
then on the opposite side now that needs
some decoration I do have this glittered
heart that I cut out a glittering card
stock I'm baby excuse me I'm just gonna
put it right here and because the
glitter card stock is heavier card stock
and sometimes it has a hard time
adhering to things I'm just gonna pop
some hot glue on you I popped quite a
bit of hot glue on it and I want to just
try to center that up by eyeball one so
that's super cute and now I'm just gonna
pop my tissue paper back in here cuz
I've got it all decorated really pretty
and I know Easter has passed and don't
judge me because I'm sending out an
Easter Rach this is a happy brac that
the person that I'm sending this to has
no idea that it's coming and so it's
just a random act of kindness that I'm
doing and I also know that she doesn't
do YouTube videos either so that's okay
I don't mind that but she always
to me beautiful work so this is a
special Iraq for her I've made a little
flip book here and there well it's not
little it's quite large
and I'm gonna pop it in here now I know
it fits because I had it in here earlier
you just have I have to get it the right
direction around and it goes like that
so I'm doing that and then I've got one
of my altered Easter Egg curtains that
I've made her and all of these things
are everything that's in everything here
is Easter themed so she'll have Easter
things for next year then I made a cute
little box on my envelope punch board
and I got that filled with some goodies
so I'm gonna pop that in there and then
I have a water brush pin that I'm
sending her with a tag on it that I've
made her as well so I'm gonna pop that
in there and then the only thing I have
left to do is put my little note in for
her and I will do that off camera and
then what I do is just fold in the flaps
of each side like so and I'll put some
packing tape on there and an address
label and we'll be good to go
and I don't want to do it all yet cuz I
want to make sure my glue is all good
and dry first so she gets a super happy
surprise when she opens the box and
it'll be fun and exciting for her or at
least I hope so so I've hope I've
inspired you guys to decorate the inside
of your boxes too like I said I've been
doing this for about a month I don't do
it with everyone but I do it with most
of them and what determines if I do it
or not as if I have the time or not
if I'm running late on getting my
package out then I don't do it
but if I've got it if I got a day I'll
do it so I hope you guys enjoyed this
and I really hope you give it a try so
we'll talk again real soon
Cheers