good morning I'm Zane Saraswathy Jamal
one of the things that I love to do is
make my own nut milk nut milks are very
high in folate magnesium they've got a
ton of different vitamins and minerals
in them and they taste delicious so I'm
going to show you my super simple recipe
on how to create nut milk what I have
done is I've soaked about half a cup of
cashews here so these are raw organic
cashews and I soaked them over overnight
so as you can see the cashews have begun
to kind of take on a bit of a white
color and essentially they kind of puff
out with the water so you can almost see
the water running through the veins of
them what this does is this creates a
sprouting effect on the cashews any of
the yeasts that remain on the exterior
surface of the cashews are now washed
away so they become a lot easier to
digest so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to put the soaked cashews with the
water and all right into my high-powered
blender I'm from there I'm going to take
some of my alkaline filtered water and
I'm going to just pour about a half a
liter of the water in from my mason jar
and a little bit more so half the leader
will generally do it for half a cup you
can add a little bit more water or a
little bit less depending on how creamy
and rich you like your cashew milk to be
so I like to add a little bit more now
that's all you essentially need for the
cashew milk if you like your milk with a
little bit of flavor like I do I
sometimes add a couple of drops of
natural vanilla so this is natural
organic vanilla and that's quite strong
so just just a couple of drops will do
it and if you're a big vanilla person
like me you're going to want to add some
vanilla bean to it and I'm just going to
take the bean and I'm going to cut it
just about an inch and I'm going to
slice it right down the middle and I'm
going to just sort of peel it in half so
you can see kind of the rich black
needs in there
and what we do is we take that one half
of that and essentially just scrape it
with your knife so that on your knife
you get this little bit of vanilla bean
and they're just going to give that a
stir in there for some of you who like
cinnamon you can add a pinch of cinnamon
to it
cinnamon always gives it a really great
flavor and I like to add a little bit of
stevia to mine as well so you can choose
to add a liquid vanilla stevia or just a
regular stevia any of it will do and
again it's just sweetened to your own
taste so there's no real measurement
there and then I'm just gonna cover it
up in my high-powered blender and I'm
gonna just give it a black
so you can add a little bit of ice in
there if you'd like to make it cold but
this is basically how it should look so
it should be very frothy you'll see
little bits of black in it from the
vanilla bean if you chose to add vanilla
bean it smells so beautiful and if you
like your cashew milk very smooth you
can strain it through a nut milk bag or
a very fine sieve or cheesecloth but I
actually quite like mine with a little
bit of chunk in it although my blender
does a fantastic job of making it very
soon and so this is a half liter of
cashew milk you can bottle it up you can
keep it in the fridge you can use it in
your recipes you can make ice cream out
of it by freezing it into ice cube trays
and then re blending it in your
high-powered blender with additional
flavours like vanilla chocolate you can
find some of those recipes on my website
until then I'm just gonna have a nice
tall glass of this bottoms up
I'm Zane Saraswathy Jamal for more
information on this recipe or some of my
other delicious recipes please visit my
website
you