okay so what I have here is I have a
power Jim saw and this is something that
you can get from a rental store they're
a pretty common item at most rental
stores that you can get one of these
particular saws the more these work
really good for cutting jams and what
you need to do here is you need to get
this lamb and then underneath this you
can see I'll flip it over its gonna
slide right underneath that now so it's
gonna have a nice professional look like
this is built on top of it and that's
really what you want this is one type of
saw now you can do it this way too and
use some sort of a saw like this it's
gonna take a little bit more time a
little more difficult and you can just
run it right along on top of the board
now I flip these over so I don't scratch
them and then you just I already saw
this but you just saw it until you got
it all oh no it's hard to get it into
tight corners with something like this
and I'm sure everybody has seen one of
these this is an oscillating saw they
saw these pretty reasonably priced I've
seen them for $30 at some stores you
don't need a top-of-the-line one this
blade right here cuts right through and
you would just use this to cut around it
takes a little bit more time on
something like this but these are really
nice to have you can get into some
really tight areas with these and
they're multi-purpose so if you do
purchase one of these you're gonna be
able to use it somewhere else trust me
and so the key thing that you want to do
is make sure you take a scrap piece of
laminate or a full piece like I did make
sure that you got pad underneath to lift
it up to the right height and then flip
that piece over so you don't damage it
unless it's a scrap and that's basically
all you do for cutting jams