[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
everyone this is Kim and I'm back to
talk about one of my favorite crystals
amethyst but before we get started yo we
have to do the boring dis grammar sorry
[Music]
okay so now that we got that out of the
way amethyst it is called the sobriety
stone and they call it the sobriety
strong because it's actually named from
a Greek word I'm going to pry butcher
this um Mathias toes which means not
drunk all right so it's a really great
crystal to work with if you're having
some issues with drinking or other kinds
of addictions an amethyst is also known
as the bishop stone and you know what
it's talked about in the Bible yeah
you've got to love that so one of the
precious stones in the breastplate of
the high priestess and it says and it
talks about amethyst and it's mentioned
in Exodus 28 1939 12 mm-hmm and it's
also in the foundation in New Jerusalem
and that is in Revelation 21 20 M bethis
is talked about in the Bible so it's
some good stuffs that's my my um my
Druze this is the one that my angel
kitty loves
so amethyst is pretty hard it's quartz
no it is from the quartz family it is
found worldwide so over and justing know
the color gets this purplish color from
iron impurities right it's hard on the
most hard to scale so it is a seven and
it's very easy to clean soap and water
okay you can just do it in your sink a
little soft toothbrush and soft
detergent clean it up shine it up in
terms of its luster it is glassy
Reyna has just like definitely has this
like glassy look to it right when it
streaks it streaks white
so let's go ahead and streak and I'm
going to use a rough piece of amethyst
disrupt
sickness bone and it's tricks white
light
let's try this point
just punish drug charge
so it's tricks white on on a plate and
these are just green always to help you
identify some of your crystals um in
terms of how it fractures it fractures
into what is called a conchoidal and
calm Cleo is like the smooth curves
right its color is pale lilac oh I'm
getting a ringing in my ear hello
anybody don't you see anything over here
can I a really loud ring right there
alright it's gone did I scare you away
in terms of its color it's usually it
could be very pale and I've actually
seen it even lighter I've actually seen
it almost white
just looking to see if I have any
lighter pieces but yeah it could be very
very pale lilac to a very very jar canal
disconnection be very dark like this
one's pretty dark so you can see the
difference so it's like this whole
spectrum of purples
[Music]
precaution though working with any
courts is that it's it's safe so you can
make gem waters and stuff with the
tumbled pieces do not use the rough
pieces the points
or the druze is you know to make your
your gem water and I wouldn't do it
anyway because there's all kinds of you
know germs and stuff that get inside the
little nooks and crannies on the spores
and the debris and you clean it as much
as you want you're still going to be
look look look look in there you know so
it's really very much recommended that
you stick with a tumbled stone and
especially with courts because courts
when it's crushed or in powder form
it can make you very ill alright so we
don't want to do that um we'll stick
with the polished in terms of making the
gem borders or you kind of spray or
anything like that and you don't want to
breathe in that dust and you don't want
to drink in that dust
um so it's hard it just stuff and I said
that restricts flight break scum
colloidal just going over some of these
facts first where we talk about the good
fun stuff um
it's transparency it can be very
transparent so you can see through it
completely sometimes or it can be
translucent so really depends like this
one is much more transparent then
um
looking at some of these other ones
so it depends well this one's not nearly
as transparent as this one is
also the thickness - it's a really big
piece it's harder to see through it um
and then it grows in different ways it
can grow in clusters right you've seen
clusters clusters are usually bigger
points like this is a Druze okay a geode
would have more of the matrix more of
the rock um and a cluster would have
bigger points coming out
like this is a cluster
okay and this is more of a Druze so
amethyst can grow in clusters it can
grow in a Druze it can grow also in big
giant points you know the Kirin is um it
can be drusy on the outside of crystals
it can grow big you know prismatic type
of pyramid points to so out of this is
very very cool it's very fun dint like I
said comes from all over we get a lot of
our
amethyst from Brazil that's very popular
alright so I throw that element is wind
if you're interested in that and the
astrological sign is Aquarius or Pisces
no wonder because I'm Prince and it's
birthstone is the month of February
again that's my birthday February now
wonder why I love and with this don't
much I would say amethyst is probably
the first crystal I ever had as a
because of the birthstone I don't think
I ever knew anything about it really the
first crystal I actually worked with
ever was the clear quartz but I would
say that amethyst was my first one that
I ever had its planet is Jupiter and
in terms of chakras it's good for the
third eye the crown and you can also use
it for the upper chakras to UM great
meditation
I'm getting ahead of myself let's go
back to the the physical reasons why you
can use amethyst what are some of the
things you can use this for in terms of
your physical body
of course it is the sobriety stone so
it's going to be wonderful for working
with addictions any kind of addictions
it's going to help with headaches it
helps alleviate headaches I know a lot
of people that that have had very very
good luck with with amethyst oh I don't
have my big piece I have a really big
big flat tumbled piece you know kind of
looks kind of looks like this one
but it's bigger and the other day I had
a massive headache massive I had no idea
prevent actually I ended up having a
taught like five bottles of ibuprofen I
just couldn't find it my head hurt so
bad um and so I my girls were making fun
of me because it was really big and I
taped it with um you know the tape that
you put gloves on and I taped it all
over my forehead so I have this giant
amethyst on my far head in 15 minutes my
headache was gone and I had called my
husband I thought oh god I had this
horrible headache you should have seen
me with the big you know amethyst on my
head and he goes Kim I got like five
bottles of Advil and I was like oh
but it worked because amethyst is really
good for headaches it's also good for
just pain in general so if you have pain
anywhere on your body but primarily the
head um it's great for the blood it
helps detoxify the blood and it helps
balance the nervous system and the brain
so you know a lot of stuff having to do
with the upper part of your body so
great for sleeping so good under the
pillow for sweet dreams pleasant dreams
you know alleviating stress and anxiety
all right so amethyst is just Sokka it
has so many physical properties um in
terms of other spiritual kinds of
properties it's very soothing kind of
crystal it is a spiritual crystal it
helps you with your intuition it's a
third eye crown chakra um it really
helps you with wisdom and enhances your
intuition like I said and it really
works well on
developing their psychic skills
okay I'm I keep looking down because I
have I got all my goodies here that's it
I'm trying to show them as we go um it
helps with your psychic abilities like I
said and it also helps clear your
thinking process and gives you mental
clarity why don't I just show you some
of these because I'm just so excited all
right so I've already showed you the
truth this is the one that I use and I
only use this one for my cat to clean
her aura and I swipe it on her aura and
I've tried rose quartz and other things
um I've also tried selenite and she
wants nothing to do with it this is hers
and so we love and I said you want to
amethyst and she knows exactly what I
mean
and so you have points - this is my
point this is a natural point and a
gorgeous um and and big chunks I love
this is a so Jemmy rough and Jimmy
this is more lilac also rough I just I
just love it i I love I love every time
I get an amethyst all you have to get a
new piece and then you have you know
your tumbled pieces and you know
sometimes they can look very very clear
sometimes a better quality ones will be
darker I need another rough piece this
is a pretty dark one and it's a heart
okay and then I just have like like
smaller ones to that I use put around my
body
this is a nice nice quality small one
alright so just some different ones that
I have out um did I do the strait test I
did this route tester anyway yes okay
sorry about that forgetting where I'm at
it also is really good for
clearing like your energy field so you
can use it for that as well in terms of
combining it with other crystals it
works so good with all the courses it
really does one thing that I love to do
with my amethyst is I'd like to pair it
up with rose quartz you ever have rose
quartz and amethyst together it is so so
beautiful it's oh
so beautiful I put it under my pillow
and I have such nice dreams
that's one that I also use with my kids
it's a really nice combination
in terms of also combining it with other
quartz you can combine it with citrine
you can combine it with clear quartz of
course clear quartz is going to amp it
all up you can combine it with other
purple crystals if you wanted you can
use this with like lepidolite that would
be ultimate - you can also use it with
hematite to ground the spiritual
energies so those are just some other
combinations with the amethyst there's
other varieties of amethyst Chevron
amethyst or we're going to talk about
that one separately and there's also
melody stone super 7 and there's aura
light 23 and they all have amethyst and
we'll talk about those all separate and
the one thing that they all have in
common that I've noticed is they all
seem to help people with actual
projection so if you're looking to do
that amethyst will help with that too
that seems to be the one common
denominator but I see amongst a lot of
people at least in my group where we all
talk about it it always comes back to
something that having to do with
amethyst in some ways you can use
amethyst you can use it on the third eye
so you can go ahead and stick that baby
right on the third eye alright I've done
that before you know like I did with my
headache but you can do this in
meditation so it's good to have a nice
flat piece for that um you can also of
course hold it in whatever hand you're
receiving hand or you can hold it in
your hand or your left hand so it
connects to your heart you know you can
you can have a point and you're going to
have the point facing down so that
you're getting the energy into your
crown if you wanted to do that
you can make gem water yes you can put
your tumbled stone in the water and make
a gem water and once you make that water
that
elixir or that essence you can use it
for so many different things you can use
it for spray you could
like lavender essential oil in that
spray it on your pillow for sweet dreams
or you can also use it for if you put
frankincense in in the in their and the
spray with the gem water you can use
that to help with your third eye you can
look how to spray it around here right
perform meditation for your third eye
and your crown so there's a lot of
different ways you can use out on the
fist you can make the jump order to
drink also right so if you're having a
headache you can do it that way if
you're having issues with addiction you
can you know when you're craving a drink
have a drink of water with the amethyst
in it you can make an oil so if you're
good with oils you know you can just get
like an inexpensive carrier oil and you
can put the little bit of the gem you
can actually put the gem in the oil so
get an oil you can put the gem in the
oil and you can put a little
frankincense in there essential oil and
you can rub that on your third eye right
before meditation
and basically amethyst is just an
all-around divine spiritual stone you
know it's just so relaxing and it really
helps you to connect make that divine
connection to the spirit realm it's
really just it's so inexpensive and so
abundant and so under under appreciated
I think so if you can only get one stone
you know beside clear quartz amethyst
it's really really wonderful so let me
share some personal stories um I asked
the members of my group in on Facebook
it's called crystal connection by Ari
creative resources and you're more than
welcome to join us we have a good time
and so I asked some of the members for
some stories about using amethyst and so
let's see what some of the stories are
I'm so appreciative from all of you for
sharing your stories and I can put these
in the videos on my buddy Justin you
just didn't said that there was a night
when he was meditating with his amethyst
and he ended up falling asleep with it
on his while he was on his side not too
long after he fell asleep you can feel
his body vibrating like crazy and that
will happen um amethyst you know it is
it is a very very powerful crystal
and then you saw himself standing next
to himself Oh see I didn't even realize
that see he had had he had an
out-of-body experience it's the common
denominator so for those of you who are
looking to astral project
almost everybody I talked to you as a
story using amethyst um and so he saw
himself standing next to himself looking
at his body on the bed said it was
really sweet and he felt free and light
as air they stored it he started to
float toward his roommates room to see
if you can see him and he got close to
his door you can feel a pull something
was pulling him back and he was like no
way so then he went back into his body
so amethyst and the astral projection
very very prominent
Allison said that um amethyst always
heals her headaches within minutes see
and so we vet had a very interesting
experience and it's just stuff that I
had done a healing
time I do healings every now and again
and in the group and I had done a
healing and so she was working with her
amethyst and since she just felt safe at
home and it was Saturday night that
sheet and she had this dream that she
was standing in front of a bathroom door
of her childhood home and
there was some kind of
rainbow and flowing fabric and she asked
for help and there was a female there to
help her and but she was able to relax
and she had a really good time so I
thought that was an interesting one that
you know when she kept the amethyst with
her and then edawn hi you dawn from here
comes the Sun on YouTube check him out
you don't loves amethyst he's a Pisces
so that makes sense and he's that he's
connected to amethyst and that he loves
its color he loves the purple color and
the transparency of it and he owns two
different types of an with this one that
is a cluster and the other one is a
slice and he sleeps with the crystal he
tends to fall asleep quickly and he
doesn't wake up at night he said it's
beneficial to him when he's sick and he
wants to be able to sleep so amethyst is
really good for for sleeping well gives
you nice peaceful dreams
so those for some personal stories and
for me I mean I I use my amethyst all
the time I sleep with it I make gem
elixirs and gem waters you know I drink
it I combine it a lot with rose quartz
I'm very often have those two pair
together for me like rose quartz and
amethyst kind of just like belong
together and so I have a little pouch
and I'll have and I don't have them here
but they're small like I have a good
rose quartz and amethyst and they're
small but those two that was two
together vibe right under my pillow
they're crazy they love each other so um
I love to work with that I mostly work
with amethyst in terms of meditation and
also drinking the water so that's kind
of how I work with it the most so
amethyst is really really a wonderful
wonderful course to add to your
collection if you don't have it it's
very affordable it's very abundant and
it's extremely powerful so thank you so
much for watching please take a moment
to share in the comments below on how
you work with amethyst and and some of
the benefits that you find some of the
experiences you had when working with
this gorgeous a mineral thank you so
much for watching everybody and as
always have a blessed day
[Music]
you
[Music]