oh then I was reading on the internet we
got to ago about silverfish traps and
all this all the trap that involves is a
glass bottle glass jar like that and
then you just wrap the whole side of it
with some sort of tape like packing tape
with the idea that the silverfish can
walk up the side of the bottle they drop
in but they can't climb the can't climb
the the glass sides inside the bottle to
get out again
now I also read that the the one
recommender that you put about one inch
two and a half centimeters of water in
the bottom of the bottle obvious in the
bottom and with a bit of a you know with
a bit of soap to make it soapy water
with the idea that the swordfish would
jump in there and drop into the water
and drown and also another one
recommended this is a totally dry one
just to put a bit of put a bit of flour
a little bit of pincher fill out a
couple of pinches of flour in the bottom
of the the last jar and that would
attract the attractor selfish metaphor
wonder which is best whether using the
flour or using the water and I've got
about half a dozen these traps rounder
mainly the number of each and you can
see in there that I've cut I've got a
nice-sized silverfish in that one at the
bottom hopefully you can see it and it
was a similar result with the other
traps with the flour
but unfortunately the water the soapy
water hasn't hasn't worked out haven't
caught any selfish at all probably yeah
I think I'm going to get rid of the the
jars with the water now dry them out and
use the use the flour I think that looks
like that's the better the better option
for catching catching the selfish