[Music]
flambe is a technique using a flame to
boil off alcohol from liquor safety
should always come first so we recommend
having a kitchen fire extinguisher
nearby just in case there are many
recipes that use flambe for our example
we're just using rum in a frying pan
Begin by heating the pan over low to
medium heat add in the desired amount of
high proof liquor and allow to heat up
slightly cold or room temperature liquor
will not
flame keeping your face and any
flammable items away from the pan gently
and safely light a long fireplace match
or candle lighter away from the pan and
slowly introduce the flame to the pan
the alcohol should immediately
ignite all the alcohol is burned off
when the flame goes out you won't have
to manually extinguish the flame however
it may take up to 20 or 30 seconds
depending on how much liquor was used