to make up your mind
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
okay
hey there welcome back to my channel I'm
Danny thank you for being here today is
the new mental stress of our 10 days of
flying challenge if you have no idea
what I'm talking about I'm doing a
little thing myself where I'm going to
do 10 days it's 9
back-to-back-to-back-to-back today is
number 3
and there's some more so stick around
and don't forget to come back tomorrow
because we're gonna have another one and
also if you haven't watched the last two
definitely click here or put them right
here so you can see the last two videos
and then go ahead and watch them after
this if you want to today video is
actually going to be the Nickelodeon
slime of recipe it looks at the real
deal Nickelodeon slime that they use on
Nickelodeon the recipe is so simple all
you need is cornstarch and water you are
going to it up if you enjoyed this video
please give it a thumbs up subscribe
down below and come back tomorrow for
day four don't forget let's get to it
Valley one so this recipe are going to
need some food coloring spoon whole corn
starch and of water
this recipe is definitely one of the
most simple one to just going to put
some of the cornstarch in the bowl and
you're going to add water little by
little until it becomes the consistency
that you want it to be after that you
can add if we're coloring it's going to
be a little bit tough to mix this
together but eventually it'll get there
and then you can start playing with it
it's really cool because we pitted at
first it's solid but then as you slowly
think you're handed it becomes liquid
and I'm sure you come see more but if
you haven't this is one see a greater
care I know we didn't go with a typical
green line inside we look for both blue
so we would
[Music]
make up your mind
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
seriously that's like legit make a
little slide it really looks like it I
think that some point that probably used
that or something similar to that
that's a lot of coin struck so if they
use that for their videos and whatnot
because it awesome to make it's really
super cool and I'm excited for tomorrow
don't forget to come back tomorrow we
have another one and it's going to be
there for oh my gosh I'm so excited so
don't forget come back tomorrow and then
I say and the next day and the next day
alright think is no active in here I
really appreciate it I wishes them with
a big new day all right
don't owe me a mo but you tell me to go
what do you
oh do you
[Applause]
[Music]
gonna make up your mind with you
[Music]