in this video we're going to show you
how to operate an MI TM power washer
we've got a 3000 psi power washer we're
using here we've got an aluminum sided
house that's uh the aluminum the paint
on aluminum is peeling extremely bad and
we're going to be operating this power
washer to uh strip off the peeling paint
on aluminum we're using two different
tips we're using a red straight nozzle
tip and then a fan tip that throws out a
fan this one's good for cleaning this
one's also good for um stripping the
paint it actually throws off a straight
nozzle and um or a straight stream that
takes off the paint a little bit easier
we also got a a rotating nozzle that it
agitates that we use also um when we're
power washing we won't be using it on
this house here but this is a rotating
nozzle and it actually does it agitates
as it sprays in a circular and it's
helped good good for actually cleaning
dirt off siding and and stripping fences
this uh Power Washer here we've got um
the pull rope this actually starts the
engine we've got a gas onoff valve right
here and all the way to the right is
allowing the engine to have gasoline
when you're done at the end of the day
and you want to shut off the gasoline so
the engine won't get no gas you just
flip it all the way to the left we're
going to have it all the way to the
right that's on the gray um switch right
here is the choke all the way to the
right is in the Run position if it's
warm all the way to the left is choke if
it's really cold outside you need to
choke it to start it today's a warm day
so we don't need to choke it this is the
gas full throttles all the way to the
left if you just want it to idle you can
move it to the right we're going to move
it all the way to the left we always
keep it to the left at Full Throttle we
never change that we actually never
change the gas we always keep it on we
always keep the engine at Full Throttle
then on Honda engines they all have an
onoff switch you want to make sure it's
on and on position and then on this mitm
power washer the um pump actually has a
pressure control valve it's a 3,000 PSI
power washer but if for some reason you
wanted less PSI there's a plus and a
minus you just want to turn this knob to
the Plus or the minus Direction
according to how much uh PSI you wanted
it'll go up the 3000 and you can turn it
down less we very rarely ever change it
it's typically always set at 3000 psi
and then over here on this side is the
pump the quick release the top is uh
hooks up to the hose and then the bottom
to the actually the wand that we
actually spray the water out of and then
the bottom actually H hooks up to the
water source and they just screw right
on this is a quick release and the
bottom one just screws right on and
that's uh the mitm power washer with a
Honda engine and the whole engine is
pretty typical of all Honda engines and
stuff the power washer's got a quick
release on the end here we're going to
put a quick release nozzle on just like
that goes on and off once you hook up
your power source you always want to run
water through it until it water's
completely coming out Purge all Air
there's any air in the line it'll come
out if there's air in the line when the
power was running uh the Water won't
come out so you want to purge all the
line all the water the air out of the
line once you see that water then you
want to put your tip on you want to make
sure your tip is on when you start the
engine and it's a lot easier to start
the engine if you're pulling the trigger
and holding the trigger like this if you
don't pull the trigger there's a lot of
pressure behind the engine um when you
actually go to start it so it's in the
on position everything's ready to go
that's how you start and run it we'll go
over here just show you what we're
actually doing here stripping this paint
here
um
I
power
off couple key points is uh extremely
important remember when you're actually
running the power washer if you're not
pulling the trigger in the hose do not
let the power washer run for more than
about a
minute so if you're going to stop for a
while you actually shut to
ID waser off this house is extremely
oxidized paint strips off after the
after the stripping process we're
actually going to put a peel bond in an
oil
oil to spray
soon