hello folks Scot with Dallas paint
correction and auto detailing here in
Dallas Texas I want to talk about rubber
floor mats and how to clean them
typically we take them out of the truck
the car whatever shake them out maybe
shake them out over the lawn get some of
the dirt and debris out of it maybe
you're going to scrub this thing with an
all-purpose cleaner or supa degreaser
sprayed off with a hose that's all fine
that's cool do you always need water to
be able to clean a floor mat the answer
is no you don't always need water in
fact for me it's a case-by-case basis I
typically do the interior first and then
do the exterior last the last thing I
want to do is if I'm working in a small
driveway is kind of flood the area with
water where I'm trying to walk around
the vehicle and work on it I don't want
to track any of that wet grease and
grime that may be on the bottom of my
shoes as I'm walking through puddles
that I created the clean floor mats and
it's running underneath the car or all
around the vehicle I don't want to track
it in the car but it's a case-by-case
basis the best way is with the hose a
power washer it's all great but here's
the deal I've got this floor mat out of
my Lincoln Navigator needs to be cleaned
it's somewhat trashed I can clean this
without water I can simply go in here
and scrub it mop up there's a couple of
tricks to it but I also wanted to talk
about which is really the part of this
whole video is do you dress these things
do you put some type of dressing on them
to make them pop or give them a little
bit of shine too especially if you have
an old floor mat that has begun to get
old and you want to restore it my answer
is yes you can dress these things even
on the driver's side I know sometimes
we'll worry about it if it gets wet well
that dress and get slick slimy and all
of a sudden an accident happens you have
to decide what works in your world what
you're comfortable with but I'm going to
use a dressing on this that's not slimy
I'm also going to use it appropriately
and I'll show you that little trick here
in a minute but first I want to clean
this thing so what I'm going to do for
this particular mat is just take some
all-purpose cleaner McGuire's
all-purpose cleaner and I'm going to
spray down the net
now I'm not going to use water for this
video you can absolutely do without
water if you want I'll just clean the
bottom side this mat for now there's a
couple of different brushes I can choose
I can use my oXXO brush you've seen me
talk about this in some of my videos he
is a tough and shine brush that's
actually made for wheels but it's got a
nice handle on it some better leverage
for me so I use a couple different
brushes depending on what I'm trying to
get up but I can go in here and just
simply agitate my all-purpose cleaner on
the sash
and what's nice about anything that's
got long bristles in it you can get into
these grooves these little tracks that
are on the floor mat that house
now when I've agitated that and I don't
want to use water for whatever reason
maybe I'm trying to conserve water I
won't want water all over the driveway
the floor mats not that bad it doesn't
require a power wash or whatever I just
go in with a microfiber and kind of mop
up after myself pick up some of that
stuff in the grooves do all that cleaner
up mop up that stuff use a Microsoft
microfiber towel you don't give a crap
about I buy these things for interior
cleaning working around wheels areas
that are really nasty grimy I picked
these up at Sam's the big market store
the big box store Sam's and they come in
different colors red blue red you know
whatever you want I like the green ones
I don't know kind of cool color and I
buy them for areas like this that I'm
going to be getting a lot of you know
I'm going to be picking up a lot of dirt
and grime and I don't want to ruin my
good microfiber towels that I'm using on
paint so here's another trick okay so
I've mobbed that up I'm actually going
to have to use a little bit something
stronger because I've got some stains on
I'm going to go to my super degreaser
here and I made it but let's say I've
got some fluid in those tracks right and
I want to get them out I want to flush
out that fluid I'm just going to take my
little blower this thing cost me 39
bucks 40 bucks it on Amazon it's for the
dog grooming industry the cat grooming
industry it's a little blower I can go
in and blow out some of that some of
that fluid that I couldn't pick up with
my microfiber
then go in and take my microfiber towel
again just mop up anything that came out
of those grooves those tracks that are
in the floor mat obviously running water
a pal washer but you don't have to have
it it's not the end of the world
depending on how bad the floor mat is
you can get away with doing something
like this I've got customers that I'm
cleaning their cars once a week once a
month maybe it's just the you know that
the client is just a single driver it
doesn't drive around with its family in
it it's his personal vehicle you just
use them to go back and forth to work
these floor mats might not get all that
hammered I don't have to break out a
power washer free flowing water the
other thing is is if you use water on
these things which is fine and you set
them out to dry if you've got any water
spots that develop on the rubber mat
they're sitting out in direct sunlight
you'll start to get some little water
spots some staining on the floor mat so
just be careful that when you rinse them
off with a power washer free flowing
water if that's the method you want to
use I use it all the time but sometimes
I don't just depends on my it's a case
by case I want to be careful that the
water builds up on this thing I want to
stand it up so it's constantly running
the water is running off but it can't
build up I don't want water spots on it
after it dries but anyway so that's what
I could do to this whole matter if I
want if I just wanted to do a simple
cleaning to it I didn't need to use
free-flowing water than that wasn't all
that bad but if I want to dress this
thing what do I want to use a lot of
people get nervous with dressing floor
mats they don't want anything greasy or
slimy on it this is where I love you
guys have heard me talk about stone or
trim shine this stuff as an aerosol yes
it's a dressing it's not water-based but
it's not slimy it's an aerosol excuse me
that all-purpose cleaner kind of blew
back at my face and got me trim shine
very light dressing so what I would
typically do excuse me as I would take
my trim shine shake it up a little bit
and just go over the mat lightly I don't
want it all of you know I don't want to
saturate it all over the place
but I just want to get it mist it on to
the surface of the mat after I
completely clean this I'm just doing
this end here to make the video short
then what I'm going to do
immediately is take a microfiber towel
and I'm just going to knock that
dressing down I don't want any excess
pulled up anywhere I'm going to go over
it and just not go up that excess toner
is such a light aerosol dressing it
really doesn't get all caked up and you
have to worry about it getting all slimy
and sticky and if it gets wet it doesn't
really become a liability but again you
guys have to determine if that works in
your world I like to dress floormats I
just know how to do it and do it
appropriately so they don't get all
slick when they get wet but there's my
little tip when it comes to if you've
got a floor mat you don't want to break
out water or a power washer to clean it
you can clean it by hand mop up use a
little blower to blow out some of the
some of the fluid that might get stuck
in the tracks dry it up and then take
some toner trim shine lightly spray over
it and then go ahead and wipe off the
excess kind of kind of massage that
dressing if you will into the plastic if
this was old and faded and wasn't this
color it kind of got broke down it's
rubber it's subjected to oxidation it
can get a little white looking even
after cleaning it with a super degreaser
an old purpose cleaner you might see
some little white spots on the mat I
just pop it with this rub it down and
boy all of a sudden the mat looks great
I'm not worried about it even if the
customers feet is wet from walking
through rain water or whatever this will
not become super sleep or slimy and I
have to worry about his foot sitting on
this and then going up to hit the brake
pedal and sliding off I just never had
any issues with trim shine now some
other dressings I wouldn't want to apply
an armor roll a solvent based dressing
that's really really thick goopy offers
a lot of shine and gloss that stuff is
incredibly dangerous don't put that
stuff on the floor mats but there's a
quick little quick little video on how I
could I would clean floor mats if I
didn't have water available to me
obviously the best way especially if you
have a really hammered floor mat water
is great go ahead and scrub it with your
dead whatever brush you want your
all-purpose cleaner your soup with the
grease or go ahead and hit a little
water hose with a nozzle on it on the
end of it or a power washer that's great
but just be careful hang this stuff up
like baby put I don't know where you
want to put
or put it put it so that the water can
run off this thing as it's drying you
don't want any water spots to develop on
the matter will look horrible when you
go to put it in the car what kind of
those water spots will stain you'll have
to start the process all over but
there's a quick little tip about storing
a trip shine why I like using it on
rubber floor mats and why I don't think
it's a huge liability you just got to
know how to use it appropriately and you
should be fine thank you so much guys I
appreciate it until the next time be
safe love one another and we'll see you
next time
take care guys bye bye