hello and welcome to another episode of
Chef Carter's cooking corner today we
are making hot water cornbread and I'm
going to show you a way that I have
taught myself that I feel has even a
better texture than the original hot
water cornbread recipe I was taught by
my dad now today I'm using the Aunt
Jemima self rising yellow cornmeal mix
it already has flour salt and baking
powder that's already in there and I
will be using the recipe that's right on
the back of the box or the sack
so that's one cup
and to cup alright so in here I have the
two cups of cornmeal mix I have the two
tablespoons of sugar and now I'm gonna
go ahead and add my one and a half cups
of milk my beaten egg put this away and
my three tablespoons
it's supposed to be shortening but I use
butter all right so I'm gonna mix this
up off the heat
and so you see there we have our
cornbread mixture right here or would be
a cornbread batter alright so we have
our burner on low we just placed our pot
on the burner now I'm going to add my
two cups of water in there now the water
look cloudy because I just used the same
measuring cup I used to measure the cup
the milk the one and a half cups of milk
so I'm going to stir this slowly on low
now it's gonna take a minute but it's
going to be the best texture cornbread
hot water cornbread you've ever had
alright make sure you scrape the sides
as well
you want it to be dry it looks like
macaroni and cheese right now ha not
quite ready yet
all right this is where you want to stop
turn the heat off and that's your batter
right there and this is going to make
the best the best hot water cornbread
all right so I'm ready to fry up the hot
water cornbread so what I'm going to do
is just get a spoonful of it
I just put it right in there and then
mash it down
I'm really gonna do - they do store well
the batter stores well I simply put it
either in a bowl or a ziploc bag and
take it out as you need it
it also freezes well too
the bottom we're ready to come out
now for the taste test and I'll show you
what it looks like it's still quite hot
you can see the texture in there it's
nice it's creamy
this is the best texture I've been able
to come up with nice and golden-brown so
that is how I make my hot water
cornbread how do you make yours thank
you for watching another episode of Chef
Carter's cooking corner please remember
to subscribe to like and to share