welcome back to my Channel today I'm
going to do a really hopefully quick
video and for this video I want to show
you like you read on the title how I
laminate my papers or my cards or all
the things play mats and things like
that um using uh packing tape um someone
else already did a video about this her
name is Nicole and I'm going to link um
the video of her down in the description
bar so you can see it and the only
reason why I'm loading uploading this
this video is because I told her that I
use a different technique I really like
the one that she used cuz you can do
more than one at a time more than one
card at a time um but I have a different
one so I thought I'd share it with you
and also with you Nicole so I hope that
if my technique you like it U maybe you
can use it as well and I am going to
start using your Technique as well
because I like it as well um I think I
can hold my phone over here so you can
see what I'm doing um I already did a
couple of them and they came in they
came out really nice except for this
Parts cuz I did it on my lap so I
couldn't um get it very well but usually
they came out very very neat uh and I'm
doing this it's an idea from Confessions
of a homeschooler they she actually has
a printable for this but I did it myself
using car stock and and I um cut the the
this drawings from this math U book that
I got at the thft store it was used so I
just cut the pieces that I needed and
I'm going to use this and I'm actually
going to save the cover to use it for
something else later
um so here it is what I do actually is I
pick my packing tape and I cut out a
long
strip here that I know is going to cover
the hole and then what I do is I I don't
know if you can see that I bended the
I'm like letting it fold in the middle
so it's like it's a free fold kind of
thing and I look from
above and make sure it's going to cover
the area that I need to cover so I just
let it fall like that to the sides and
then I from the middle upwards I spread
it like
that and it comes out very very smooth
when I do it on the table like I'm doing
right now let me do it one more
time
so I let it fall and then very gently I
let it continue to the sides like it
free fold like I
said and it turns out like that of
course is going to have a line but I
don't mind it at all and then you just
got it out and then you have your your
cards to to use
um it doesn't take a lot of time at all
and you can do a whole paper at a time
I've done it and I've done it with cards
and papers and everything so I hope that
you like my technique and that you find
that helpful the more you do it the
faster you get at it so I actually took
like what like 10 seconds to do that but
I usually take five seconds to do it I
just took longer to show you and then I
do the other I I'll do the other side
like the back side and then cut it out
and that's it so I hope that you like my
video and that you found it uh helpful
if you have a different technique please
share it with me thanks God bless