[Music]
today I'm going to show you how I made
my incubator fairly
inexpensively I started with a basic
insulated cooler that you can pick up at
your local store and my husman put a
hole in the top of it to insert a an
electric
cord and inside that electric cord used
we ended up using two Night Lights to
keep the temperature steady on the side
you can see I've got uh I have a
thermometer back there and then because
I was having problems keeping the
temperature steady I ended up putting in
you can't see it because the light
bulb's in the way but back there is a
digital therometer that also tracks the
humidity and that I found is even more
important the humidity than um you want
to keep the temperature steady but the
humidity really needs to be the right
amount so the eggs will hatch when it
comes time for that
and then I just used a basic NightLight
light bulb and that still was we were
still having a lot of problems
controlling the temperature so my
husband had this great idea and what he
did is he created this dimmer switch um
it cost all of $6 at the hardware store
and he just wired in the dimmer switch
with this is the plug for the the lights
inside the incubator and we can just
control the temperature by adjusting ing
the dimmer switch and that's worked
really really well for us the other
thing we've done is we've put a few
breathing or ventilation holes on both
sides of the incubator um we have tape
here that um was from a previous hatch
where we used to um just cover up
however many holes have help control the
heat but this time it just it wasn't
working that well so that's why my
husband made the dimmer
switch but this took it took about an
hour to put it put together and cost
under $10 to make and this is the fourth
or fifth hatch that I've used this for
and it works great um you can't beat the
price so that's how I made my incubator
and you can too thanks for watching and
please visit my YouTube channel for more
um incubation videos
[Music]