okay so I got finished up on a little
DIY project we are changing our brush
nickeled fixtures and what not to boil
rubbed bronze it's something that we
wanted to do originally when we built
the house but we didn't want to pay the
extra expense to get those little things
because it quickly added up quicker than
we realized
yes baby yeah I give you a banana go sit
down
oh and so anyways we decided to
spray-paint stuff that we could spray
paint because it would be cheaper in the
water and so as you can tell we have got
all that done that was fairly easy I
just threw two coats on to the little
coat hangers and they went up perfectly
fine within our bathroom
and that was brushed nickel up there and
down here by the potty the toilet paper
roll holder was also brushed nickel so
and you can tell up here our mira we've
got with the house it was like that
color and then our lighting is that
color all the lighting in the the houses
like that so I'm going to do our
upstairs we've got two bathrooms
upstairs as well so I'm going to do
those upstairs as well as the towel
towel racks up there and we also plant
and you see how this blue tape we have
our walk they're so true homes as we
built with and they're come in to like
fill in little cracks and Reap Eddie and
they're doing drywall stuff I saw one
year warranty walk there that's what all
that is anyways and so then also we are
going to be doing can you see this words
it okay
these door frames so we're going to be
doing these as well we were going to do
these but I figure the doorknob hitting
or the little latch hitting this would
scrape it and cause it to not look good
and the
same goes with our doorknobs we're going
to do our doorknobs too however they get
a lot of use you're turning them all day
long and I figure they could wear out
easily so we're just going to replace
those we're just going to buy those
individually in replace them but what
we're doing so far is really easy is
expensive and yes chief quick fix for
your house