good morning guys what's up Sunday
morning today we're supposed to be going
to get jobs and at some point this
morning but you've had a bit of trouble
getting back from France apparently
their flight was canceled in the night
because they were supposed to get back
here to the back 10 o'clock last night
because canceled so they had to spend
the night in hotel and then they get in
the Eurostar back today or something
we've been meaning to do this clean this
cupboard out pretty much since we moved
in white Christmas time and we've got
loads of stuff we throw anyway so we're
going to sort this cupboard out and I
think we have a trip to dump excite
sometimes also I never showed you issues
effectively today but she got the early
deaths ultra boost shoes yeah these are
the shoes that Becky bought yesterday
they were quite expensive actually but
not continental they make like ties
don't pay or something yeah khung cool
as you can see this is kind of pretty
much become a bit of a dumping ground
I bought these boots about two years ago
when I started playing football again
before I stopped playing football again
and they've got sausage initials on them
that wasn't actually anywhere near as
bad as I thought was going to be I'm
kind of addicted to be quite bad but
it's bit better than it was we were
getting there now we're just on the way
to dump m25
this is like a pre standard Road in the
English countryside can't see anything
oh and it's a winding we've made it to
the tip I know last time now is traffic
all the way down there and we kind of
queue job because we came from that way
but look if IMC this is well good this
vlog just gets more and more intense and
then it's a this is exciting look mix
electrical wood and timber oh that one's
on you can't use that one and even know
where everything goes just general
rubbish other they just arrived there in
shelf for lunch
Oh with I hope medalist oh we are armed
armed and dangerous yeah thank you for
lunch love to see you soon Oh probably
been that way obstacle as we drive
inspiring shelves earlier on the way to
lunch we drove on what looks like some
sort of bee hive or something down here
ah I don't know also it's like a totem
pole there that's kind of cool
but look there's like a house down here
is it being alive or something
I can't hope it isn't a beehive be high
but oh it looks like it's made out of
Hallett I kind of hope it isn't it being
life no but look it's like some sort of
house was it down the front bog hole by
later that's so cool
who's made that what if there's any bugs
in there I guess the same people would
be you maybe might be something to do
there so around here there's things like
that totem pole down there and there's
wood carvings in the woods and I think
so father think I'm sort cold wait a
second I don't think you have yeah I
don't know but yeah it's quite cool
because it's got like a roof garden and
stuff with plants going out awesome no
maybe we should build one of these in
the garden or something or one day when
we have a garden that could accommodate
such a dwelling we should go on it but
anyway thought we'd show you that on the
way home lunch went down quite well
awesome this is pretty much all gone
everyone loved it
so I think we'll definitely do that
again and that was really good
then what we're going to have to dinner
load is
I'd buy lunch and I'm not that hungry
we also defrosted some cake earlier that
we made the Becky birthday about four
weeks ago I think
because I keep forgetting it's in the
freezer we defrosted some cakes or
nothing Katie but yeah we might have
been some toast or something I don't
know something quick something easy but
we're going to get back home anyway I
think it might be time to cut our hedge
the roses are all dying also because
we've had so much wind and rain recently
it's all kind of pulled away from the
movie because it's getting a bit too
heavy so that is going to be a job
that's going to need to do anything
get the hedge trimmer just need to come
outside and water the plants because
tomatoes seems to be the thirstiest of
all the plants and then you're watering
every day even though it's rained and I
haven't got that one there you go have a
drink how much it's grown and then we
got our broccoli and cabbages doing
quite well I'm not sure if our onions
are ready for harvest them all yet but
we might pull them out anyway not really
too sure I think that might be it
another tomato plant growing over there
I'm not too sure but it looks exactly
the same as the tomatoes and I
originally thought that it was a weed
and but I'm not sure also there's one
down there as well a small one
are they tomorrow I'm not sure I suppose
we'll find out and a couple of months
we'll check out these cabbages they grow
in like absolute monsters I think they
get n eaten by slugs I put slug pellets
will be around outside you can see
there's a snail there trying to get to
them
and there's about three snows in the
corner but just trying to keep on top of
the slug pellets
so don't want any snails or slugs or any
other mollusks
you've seen my capital there's a couple
of things we've done in this garden
which you might argue we haven't done as
well as we could have in regards to
caning the tomatoes properly I've
already been told off for not pinching
out the shoots and the tomatoes cook
apparently that's something you need to
do yeah and putting and potent canes in
there runner beans as well I've been
told off for not doing that but to be
honest I don't really care as long as
they're growing I mean look let's mark
says we're doing something wrong because
they wouldn't be Tomatoes at left but
there's something quite therapeutic
about watering your vegetables it's
quite nice
which hang on the sofa we're watching a
couple of old camping videos from last
week reminiscing yes because Becky
wasn't master first two days and she's
watching them back now I think she's
watching the curbing one actually watch
quite a lot of the the videos back and
four different things that you do I like
it
we're going to wrap it up for today
thank you for watching hope you enjoyed
today's video and we see you next week
jost isn't with us again next week
because he's away with his other
granddad for a great time but we're
going to hating Ireland in two weeks for
like eight days or something so that
will kind of make up for it and so then
all we didn't actually em next weekend
with a slight quote long yeah ten days
as well yeah she's going to be with us
for a while again well yeah I didn't
overdo next week say we'll just think of
something but thank you for watching I
miss you