hey everyone and welcome back to our
home today I have been thinking more and
more about my furniture as you know we
have five children at home and right
real disciplined about eating only at
the table so it has seen better days
however because I still have little kids
I don't really want to invest in new
furniture and this was a Craig's List
couch to begin with I paid $100 for it
I could easily resell it for $100 and
buy a new sofa I actually have a red
micro suede sofa at our old house still
and I thought about bringing it over but
in the short time that my kids have
actually been allowed to use that couch
it gets dirty really easy so I found a
microfiber couch it's not really so
great with kids and you can only either
clean it with chemicals or with rubbing
alcohol it's just kind of time consuming
so I like this couch because it hides
everything so to just kind of show you
what's going on here I already started
by taking two of the couch cushions off
just to kind of see what was going on
underneath it now when we sit on the
couch at UM the cushions kind of
compress and you can see the pillows are
just deflated I want to so it compresses
this is sticking out here and underneath
there's not as much support as there
used to be a lot of things this cushion
will end up over here on the back one
gets flipped but to not have to replace
the cushions to not have to replace the
cushions today I'm going to flip take
off the bottom cushions and flip the
back to the front and see if that helps
any and I'm also going to of course you
can see we have this great old Afghan
everyone loves this Afghan because it's
so heavy
so you can just see here they're they're
a little bit sagging they need some more
filling and you can actually fill your
couch cushions with fiberfill which is
what is used inside of like
stuffed animal projects this is called
wonderful and I pick this up at Joanns
this is just something that I already
had on hand for stuffing pillows so I'm
going to use up some of this and then
pick up some more another time so great
with us 40% off coupons you can replace
the foam inside of your cushions if they
are foam which is a little more working
a little harder to do but a trick that I
learned you can see here this is the
bottom you can see the spring zigzagging
through here and my kids think my sofa
is a trampoline and this is why I'm not
buying a new sofa set right now so what
I'm gonna do and yes this is how my
couch normally looked is well loved and
well used so there's usually food in it
a little bit of popcorn left from last
night I'm not gonna mess with the couch
pillows they are going to be replaced I
saw some really cute ones that I wanted
to pick up you can see here see it's
just kind of deflated it's sinking down
into this piece here at first I was
thinking of just putting a new piece of
fabric here because it's been stained
and last week I cleaned it with just
peroxide baking soda this was really
dark right here in the center from like
a chocolate milk spill so it lightened
up a lot it's looking a lot better I can
live with that I'm going to put a piece
of foam down here to help give the
cushion support and I'm going to reverse
the couch cushions so the back part of
the cushion that was here is going to
face out but you can't just flip the
cushion because of the zipper I'm very
lucky all of my cushions do have zippers
so I'm just gonna open this up reverse
it and you can vacuum the air out of
this and stick it in there you can do it
with a space bag or just with plastic
there's videos on how to do that then
it'll go in there a lot easier I
actually found out my cushions have a
spring in the middle so it's a real high
quality couch
as far as that goes replacing the
cushions I've already probably got a
really good cushion already but you can
see here is just getting a little worn
this is an actual frame section here and
when the kids slam back they hit their
head on this and hits it literally a 2x4
construction so the back cushions need
to be pumped up to fill that up so let's
see how this is going to go this is the
inner cushion for the back stains and
all and you can tell this just like a
cheap foam pillow it has no no shape to
it and I actually opened it up a little
bit if you have a you can hand stitch
this close back up but you can use a
seam ripper and open up the seam here at
the top mine is actually in three
different sections it's sewn here and
here so three different compartments of
fiberfill and this section right here is
really deflated so it needs some
fattening up this is my lower cushion
and you can see lots of scenes from kids
I can get rid of this entirely Reed bat
this with quilt batting this is my inner
foam and if it's really bad you can
actually replace your layers of foam and
glue them together some glues will break
down foam so you have to be careful of
that and then for me I've got a spring
in here in the middle coil springs she's
like in a mattress so we're gonna add
another layer of batting if needed but
for now I'm just going to take these off
and reverse them let's see how it goes
you
all right everybody so I finished the
couch shop I have to go shopping still
and get some new couch pillows because
these are in such bad shape I saw some
really cute ones at Tractor Supply with
Brewster's on that I may get I'm not
sure so I concentrated my back cushions
were divided into three sections like I
showed so I concentrated in wrapping
them and adding and then putting
fiberfill the loose stuffing really
heavily through this area here to give
us some port and down here at the bottom
I want to add a little more up in these
corners just to make this flat because
it's kind of curving right now so I'll
fill in this with some more but I need
some more fiberfill so that is my
rejuvenated sofa so thanks for watching
everybody and we'll see you next time on
YouTube