today I wanted to show you how to make
my toasters measly recipe it's so easy
that you're going need to buy any
store-bought muesli ever again so I've
got the oven preheating to 180 degrees
Celsius and I'm taking different steps
that happen to it and we're gonna mix it
all together at the end so I hope you
enjoy today and if you do enjoy it then
please leave me a thumbs up more
overview fuller and happy muesli making
measly it's great to have on hand I like
to make it a style of the week and it's
just such an easy breakfast it's healthy
too
you can put in as much sweetener as you
like or as much grains as you like you
can get completely gluten-free if you
want to instead of using oats you could
use things like quinoa flakes and
amaranth all those sorts of ancient
grains that are gluten free it's good
because it's low GI so if the more
protein and the more fat that you have
unit the slower the release of the
glucose and oh babe once you consume it
so having some diets having some coconut
oil a lot that sort of thing really
going to be beneficial for you what I'm
going to do now is I'm going to start by
soaking some dates so as much data as
you want to add that element of
sweetness to them but data also a real
superfood as well so I'm just putting
something if you want it to get for the
fresh dates you can and that would be
much easy to cut whereas the dried dates
I get because they just change out and
then pop them in a bowl these ones don't
have any seeds in them say and just cut
them up straight once they're a little
bit softer and then just pour a little
bit of boiling
so now we're just gonna set the oats up
so what I like to do is to do some oats
over a couple of trades which is usually
enough to last me for two people for a
week's worth of muesli and then I just
pour some maple syrup over the top put
it in the oven until it goes nice and
crunchy and golden and then add it to
the mixing bowl along with everything
else okay so I've got my tray set up
ready to go so I'm just gonna do is pour
a whole heap of oats on the center of
the tray losing traditional oats and as
you can see traditional its haven't been
cut up like quick oats or instant oats
have so what this means is that it takes
a little bit longer for your stomach to
process it so the benefit of that is
that you get a lower GI so make a well
in the middle of the oats at poor on the
maple syrup and start stirring it
through at this point that does seem
like there's a lot of maple syrup going
in there but remember that this is gonna
go a long way
flatten out the oats
and then just repeat that whole process
again for a second tray you want the
maple syrup to be glistening on the oats
however you don't want it to be dripping
off it and then pop it in the oven so
now the dates are something I'm just
gonna
and we can start assembling now let's
get right bolo
now cut the dates up into thin strips
what I've actually got here is some drug
person and I don't normally put this in
the muesli but I love this and then so I
thought I would give it a go
really nice it don't worry about the
dates making the rest of the measly
Sookie because they're gonna dry out
favor time and then the other thing
that's really great at NT amusement is
not to say potato they had an Austin
Green but then they're also a really
great source of and I just got this
breakfast topper at the supermarket last
time which has a mix of some ovens as
well as cranberries and blueberries
dried blueberries and some sultanas and
I thought those whatnot essentially you
can add whatever you want at this point
into them to mix not
I'm gonna add some sesame seeds and
sometimes I like to add a little bit of
cinnamon so I'm going to do that today
as well they just need a little bit of a
shake and then that'll be enough so I'm
happy with how these are at the moment
so you can see that they're nice and
golden but then they're also going to be
nicely so I used to only need about one
tray of coconut and you want to do this
separately to the earths because it does
cook a lot quicker and you need to keep
an eye on it
see what I mean that the code could not
have started to go around the agency you
want to stop stirring that's true okay
so now I put the coconut it's beautiful
I'm going so that's gonna go straight
into the rest of the community so there
you have it
toasted muesli so give it a good stir
through and make sure everything is well
incorporated wait until it cools down
and then pour it into a container that
you want to keep it in and enjoy so
thanks so much everyone for watching
today I really hope that you benefit
from this measly recipe it's like I said
it's really easy and I'm taking a little
to do just whip it up on weight on your
wait hands with a week ahead and you'll
have an amazingly healthy breakfast
ready to go it's so quick and easy to do
and it takes awesome
so you can find me on naturopath NW
don't condone au and you can follow me
on itunes on soundcloud and also here on
youtube so press the subscribe button
and leave me a thumbs up and a comment
below if you enjoyed it so please let me
know if you have any questions that
you'd like answered in upcoming podcasts
and videos and also if you like any
recipes done as over here as well and
I'm happy to oblige so I'll talk to you
guys later bye