have you been feeling sad or empty are
you no longer interested in things you
were once passionate about do you have
difficulty concentrating or sleeping
have you noticed a decrease in energy or
change in appetite if you've been
experiencing these symptoms for no
specific reason you're not alone
approximately 40 million American adults
are affected by anxiety disorder
according to the anxiety and depression
Association of America whether you're
experiencing a depressive disorder or
are feeling blue due to loss a breakup
or another traumatic event
there are many foods you can adopt as
part of your regular diet to help boost
your mood
number one eggs start your day right
with a hearty healthy breakfast the B
vitamins and protein in egg yolks can
actually improve the neural function in
your brain that controls mood try them
scrambled poached sunny-side up or
boiled any way you have them eggs and a
protein-rich breakfast in general can
help set a positive mood for the rest of
your day number two avocado there's a
reason
avocado toast has become the latest food
trend according to superhuman coach
avocados are rich in tryptophan an amino
acid that helps reduce stress and induce
relaxation number three almonds almonds
are a superfood
they contain B vitamin folate the amino
acid tyrosine magnesium and antioxidants
all of these elements are key to
fighting depression they also contain
calcium protein and monounsaturated fats
according to Psychology Today eat a
handful as a mid-afternoon snack or
sprinkle them over yogurt or oatmeal in
the morning
number 4 pumpkin seeds Halloween
pumpkins should bring a smile to
anyone's face instead of tossing the
seeds this fall keep them for autumn
cheer year-round every day roots
explains eating a cup of pumpkin seeds
every day can increase your magnesium
intake and thus help keep you light and
happy number 5 dark chocolate this is
the life hack we were all hoping for
according
muscle health fitness cocoa increases
serotonin levels in the brain if you eat
too much however you can suffer a sugar
crash try treating yourself to a square
or two of 70% or higher dark chocolate
for dessert number six fish have you
ever wondered why pharmaceutical drugs
like prozac work it's because they raise
serotonin happy chemical levels in your
brain what would you think if we told
you some foods do this naturally salmon
trout flounder and mackerel are just
some of the species of fish that are
especially high in B vitamins B vitamins
are known to impact serotonin dopamine
and other mood controlling chemicals
according to everyday roots a vitamin B
deficiency can sometimes be the cause of
depression number 7 green tea green tea
contains a compound called l-theanine
which has psychoactive properties that
reduce stress and increased dopamine
levels in the brain the best part it
does this without the mood crushing
crash that comes with caffeine every day
Roots recommends people suffering from
depression drink a piping hot cup of
green tea first thing in the morning a
healthy diet is key to a healthy mind
for breakfast tomorrow make yourself
avvocato toast sprinkled with almonds
and pumpkin seeds top your mood boosting
breakfast with a poached egg don't
forget to substitute your morning coffee
with green tea and you'll be saying
goodbye to depression in no time