hi and welcome to episode number 398
with whats chow.com
cppy Cola or cured and dry-aged pork
neck is absolutely amazing the
outstanding Aroma and robust rounded
flavor make this one of the most popular
Italian cured meats you can go directly
to the principal recipe by clicking the
onscreen Link at the end of this video
to start measure out the Prague powder
salt sugar nutmeg black pepper corns bay
leaves and juniper
berries place the juniper berries black
pepper corns and bay leaves in your
spice grinder and process this until
[Music]
fine add the ground spices to the r rest
of the powders and mix This Together
thoroughly place the pork neck on your
work surface and roll it tightly
lengthways use butcher twine to tie the
roll
firmly this helps the roll keep it shape
place the meat in a roasting tin or
catch tray and sprinkle the curing
mixture evenly over the
meat Pat the powder into the surface of
the meat as you go until all of the meat
has a
[Music]
coating turn a vacuum packing bag half
Inside
Out feed the meat into the bag and
unfold the bag to close it around the
meat pop this into your vacuum Packer
and seal it up good and tight it is a
good idea to give the bag a double seal
for
security place the vacuum packed meat in
your refrigerator for 7 days to cure you
can also seal the the meat in a Ziploc
bag but then you must massage and flip
the meat every day while it is
curing after the curing time remove the
meat from the bag and rinse it
thoroughly under cold running water use
a clean dish tow to pet the meat
dry place the meat on a board and
sprinkle liberally with Paprika all over
and press this into the surface of the
meat
place the meat on a rack and allow this
to age for 5 to six weeks at a
temperature of 14 to 18 c or 57 F to 65
f after this time cut the strings away
from the
[Music]
capicola cutting the roll open reveals
beautifully colored cure meat with a
firm texture and an amazing
Aroma slice the meat thinly by hand or
machine and you're ready to taste Heaven
thanks for joining us today please
subscribe to our Channel and we'll see
you again tomorrow