good morning y'all let's make some fried
okra this is a southern classic that is
crunchy and delicious you're gonna like
this one let's cook kill we have
families to feed
all right so now I told me that he
wanted fried okra which I thought was
funny for Thanksgiving
but he gets to pick and you can find
frozen okra that has been free cleaned
that's not a problem but in this case I
like to start with fresh when I can find
it and I was able to find it so all I'm
doing here is cutting off its little
head in this little butt
I'm just making nice slices like that
we're gonna fry this and we're gonna fry
it pretty quick we're gonna do a
cornmeal batter on it throw it in the
deep fryer for just a few minutes just
to get it nice and golden
the thing about fried okra it you may
not know oh look see this is actually
one up that smudge on the knife all
right okra has this Musil a genus
quality and I should get a bonus point
coming out with that work it gets slimy
if you're and it really does now that's
great if your thickening up a gumbo
that's part of what helps the gumbo
thicken up but if you're just eating
over by itself and it's got that slimy
thing happening no thanks but it doesn't
happen when you deep fry it so bonus
bonus that's great so we're just
starting off with about two pounds of
fresh okra if you've got frozen go ahead
and let it defrost usually it's already
sliced so you can skip this step but
this is all the tap done at this point
I'll be back and show you how to bread
it up and get it ready
all righty so we got a breading station
set up here which is just a fancy way of
saying we got a little bit organized
which is a lot for me I don't usually
get that far
so we over here we have about a cup and
a half of flour probably more flour than
we need but I don't like to stop in the
middle of everything I'm doing and redo
it so I'm adding a good bit of salt
whoops
an onion skin nope
could be the salt and black pepper and
then we're gonna add some granulated
garlic
you notice how quiet it is in here I
just gave the kids some chicken wings
everybody's got their mouthful all right
so we're gonna do the first layer that's
our flour but we're also gonna season
this which is just about a cup and a
half of cornmeal plain old white
cornmeal that's way more garlic powder
than anybody should ever use that was
about a tablespoon don't do that
you had about two teaspoons and this is
sea salt so it's got a larger flake than
kosher serving then my kosher salt and
table salt but it's got a smaller flake
and kosher salt so I added about two
teaspoons of that and then we're just
stirring them up so when you're breading
often you will have three stages so the
first stage is to coat the food but it
gives the wet stuff something to cling
to so if we coat our okra with flour the
buttermilk will have something to stick
to which means the cornmeal will stick
to the matter milk so that's the thought
process behind that
and this is all you do and I'm gonna get
in here with my hands I'm gonna show you
the first few and then you don't have to
watch me anymore because it's just
repetitive so like I said before that
okra is Musil a genus it's got a little
got a little funk on it okay
that's natural but it also means that
the flower will stick to it and then we
throw it in here and our buttermilk will
stick to the flour okay then our next
step will be to take the buttermilk
coated okra and drop it in our cornmeal
and that is three steps to breading I've
got a big old baking sheet over here
lined with foil and we're just gonna set
these over here until we get them all
done and then we will drop them in the
fryer so when I get all these done I'm
ready to fry them up I'll come back and
show you what they look like all right
so we've finished reading up all of our
okra and we have our fryer over here we
have oil sets in 350 degrees there's a
lot going on the whole family's here
Levi's whipping cream Plains a seasoned
steaks waiting took a nap thank you all
right we're dropping this and this is
just gonna stay down long enough for it
to get nice and golden so we're gonna
let the prior to all work it only takes
a few minutes and because we've sliced
that nice and thin it's you know gonna
cook in no time at this point we're
really after the right texture on the
breading okay we'll be back in a minute
are you tall enough to get in here all
right this is what we're after you see
they're perfectly golden brown all right
so we're gonna pull these out of the
fryer these are gonna go right on a
paper towel and something I want you to
know anytime you're dealing with fried
foods any kind of it comes out wait a
minute I lost the salt okay as soon as
it's out of the fryer open your salt
give it a light sprinkle just a little
bit okay and that's it that's all there
is to it
these are gonna he's gonna burn my mouth
in it yeah yeah right over anybody's
ever made I promise you that hey YouTube
thanks for watching and if you thought
that video was helpful do me a huge
favor
hit like hit subscribe hit the little
bell so you get a notification whenever
I post a new video and if you have a
second hop on over to patreon and check
out how to support my channel even more
again thanks for watching