what we have here is a traditional snake
plant which is a very very popular house
plant right now it's kind of blowing up
in the design world a lot of people are
taking these home you're seeing them a
Depot you're seeing them Lowe's you're
seeing about your local garden centers
they are one of the easiest plants to
take care of they are not picky or fussy
when it comes to the location 58 degrees
Fahrenheit in a room as long as it's got
a little bit of light it doesn't need to
be direct it can be pretty dark they can
cope with a lot of different light
levels but the trick with with most
house plants is how to water them
properly so with a snake plant during
the growing season you want to water
them moderately and what that means is
unless in the winter what that means is
you take you take your finger you stick
it down here in the soil and if you
cannot feel that it is wet if it's not
it's just a little bit damp in here then
it can be ready to water you never want
to water a snake plant when the soil is
still wet so what you'll do is you'll
have a tray down here it's in a plastic
pot so that you can see it drain so you
want to evenly water it throughout the
plan
until it drains through the bottom
there we go so you can see up here
you'll see you can see the water
draining out here now what we're gonna
do is we're going to wait until this
finishes draining this is the most
important part and this is a mistake
that most people make is they let the
water sit in the tray beneath their
plants and this will go for just about
any plant no plant wants this you don't
want them to have wet feet so we'll take
this plant once it's there put it in the
sink you just dump this out
and then you go ahead and put it
backward dose you want to keep