when was the last time you played you're
good range filter recently a year ago
never if your answer is never don't
worry you're not alone today I want to
show you how to clean your garage filter
for once and forget so I'm going to show
you how to clean the filter of this
stove range this filter what it does is
to trap all the grease from cooking from
frying etc this is pretty dirty and it's
pretty embarrassing actually unnecessary
I haven't painted so what this filter
that does is that it actually traps all
the grease here so the actual mend
doesn't get dirty we are supposed to do
this more often
but I haven't done it so what I'm going
to do now I'm clean these also the
accessories around like a light cover
and the inside I'm going to show you how
to clean it with three different methods
one here one here and one here so I can
tell you which one works best
faster you don't have to waste time so
I'm going to make a mix of dishwashing
detergent and hot boiling water and then
I'm going to put the filter riding side
I use this little pencil so what I'm
going to do I'm going to just Pat it
Oh Connect so I put it inside has
boiling water
and just enough to cover the filter so
as you can see the grease and the dirt
started to loosen up already which is
great I thought it was going to take
longer actually but you can see it's
pretty clean it's almost completely
clean so what I'm going to do I'm going
to leave it so give her a few more
minutes we'll do the rest of the range
for the inside of this stove range we're
going to do three methods as I told you
we're going to use first skippers friend
on one part we're going to use scar on
from shackling which is a pace that
works amazing on Chris they really love
it and it smells fantastic we're going
to do this on another area and on the
other area we're going to use the
traditional baking soda with a little
bit of dish soap we're going to make a
paste of baking soda and a little bit of
dish soap
I already put the dish soap I'm going to
add a little bit more on the baking soda
so we can create a nice thick paste you
can clear it up a little bit with hot
boiling water and I would say that this
is pretty good this is the texture that
it has to be first we're going to do
this area with the scar off pace from
Shaklee this paste works amazing so I'm
hoping is going to do a great job on
this side so I'm gonna put it all over
and leave it soaking for a few minutes
the second method what we use is a paste
that we created with baking soda and a
little bit of dish soap so we're gonna
put it and let it soak in as well
and the third marathon is the bar
keeper's friend we're going to leave it
soak in as well and see how that works
as you can see all the grease came off
and it looks pretty clean it came all
off now all we have to do is do just a
little details on the corners and it's
ready to put back
now we're going to clean the inside of
the range first prevalent to this one
here here is the Shockley scar on paste
so we're going to see how that works you
can see the paste from Shockley works
amazing just as I expected it was super
easy super fast and very little elbow
grease we're going to clean now the
second area that we did with our baking
soda and dish soap and let's see how
that one works
I thought the baking soda was going to
need a lot of for elbow grease however
it actually worked pretty fast and the
third area is the one that we did with
bar keeper's friend let's see how this
works out
and the bar keeper's friend did a great
job as well as you can see the filter
came out super clean the dishwasher
detergent did a great job here I think
the key is to work with hot boiling
water so that's going to loosen up the
grease much faster now to clean the
inside of the range I use three
different methods the winner is
scout off pace from Shaklee it did a
great job and most importantly it took
me so little time to do it and on the
second place there's a time between
baking soda and bar keeper's friend they
both work really fast
I thought the baking soda was going to
take much more elbow grease and
surprisingly was super easy and super
fast to do so my tip here is to not get
intimidated by this if you see the range
filter that is super greasy and super
dirty don't worry it was really fast you
saw it was really fast and really easy
to do it actually and my question for
you today is when was the last time you
clean your filter if you liked this
video please give it a like don't forget
to subscribe and share it with your
friends and I want so much appreciated
you leave your comments and suggestions
down below letting me know what would
you like me to clean next thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
next week