have you ever seen the cool flame Trail
effects in movies and wondered how they
were done well I'm going to show you how
to make them in several different colors
for this project you'll need methyl
alcohol isopropyl alcohol sodium
chloride boric acid several glass
containers gloves safety goggles and a
lighter methyl alcohol or methanol is
commonly sold at stores as gasoline
antifreeze be sure to check the bottle
to make sure you buying methanol
methanol is toxic and can be absorbed
through the skin so be sure to always
wear gloves and goggles when handling it
isopropyl alcohol is commonly sold as a
disinfectant in the medical section of
many stores you want to buy the grade
that is as pure as possible for best
results Bor acid is sold in the
Cosmetics department or as a roach
killer in any hardware store to begin
fill separate containers with methanol
or isopropyl alcohol dissolve some
sodium chloride or table salt into one
of the containers containing methanol
you can gently rotate the container to
help make sure it is dissolved this will
produce a yellow flame when it is burned
in another container of methanol gently
pour and dissolve some boric acid into
the methanol this will produce a vibrant
green flame when it is burned now it's
time to try out some of the flame
effects find a flat concrete surface and
make sure it is clear from anything that
could ignite and pose a problem after
dark you may pour out each container
into whatever shape or pattern you
desire use a lighter to ignite your
alcohol solution and enjoy the results
pure methanol produces a blue flame that
seems to Shimmer around the camera here
doesn't do it justice but it actually is
quite
bright an alcohol and boric acid
solution produces a spectacular and
bright green
flame to produce a bright yellow flame
pure isopropyl alcohol or the methanol
and sodium chloride solution may be used
pure isopropyl alcohol burns yellow at
first before transitioning into a
shimmering blue flame effect that is an
amazing
sight
these alcohol Trails can be used to make
whatever patterns you desire in this
case the trails were made in shape of a
frame the possibilities are endless
unlike gasoline these alcohol Solutions
will burn without leaving dark Scorch
Barks On Your concrete surface have fun
but use common sense and always keep
safety in
mind