[Music]
hi everyone today's overview is of
Aldi's A Maples pancake
mix this is a buttermilk complete
pancake and waffle mix where all you
have to really do is just add water on
the side like any other box of Pancakes
you get your calorie count your
ingredients all that kind of information
and note that this is made in the USA on
the back you get your pancake and waffle
directions you get some suggested add-on
items and also on the top of it you get
how much mix and water you need for the
number of Pancakes you want to make so
what do we
need mixing bowl and whisk dry measuring
cup and 34 of a cup of water or milk I
prefer milk and of course a skillet and
spatula so let's get started lift Tab
and pull is what it says but to be
honest that little lift Tab and pull
thing is more of a tear and open so
let's pour our mix one cup of mix
you can also add a little dash of sugar
to sweeten it up 34 cup of milk I prefer
milk you can use water of
course and
stir this batter is really different it
will thicken up a lot and get foamy so
just make sure to let it sit for 10
minutes let's start cooking pour flip
and serve easy is that what you will
notice when you pour this onto your Pan
the air bubbles that form it's amazing
and it just fluffs up let me get a
little closer look for you look at
that let's also take a little look at
Aldi's Aunt Maples pancake syrup it's
very typical to any store syrup the only
difference to me is the price um it
obviously has Aldi's double guarantee
it's glutenfree lactose free um and to
me it tastes like the store brand oh let
me show you the little air pockets in
here let me um do a little better focus
I wanted to show you the pancake look at
the little ear pockets in there this
these pancakes are fluffy you're going
to love them I promise so let's go ahead
and serf some of these up and open up
our syrup and get some poured on there
uh because the kids honestly have been
asking me to stop recording so I can
feed them so let's go ahead stir this on
enough so they'll eat it but not too
much that they'll get jacked up and here
you go folks there's our pancakes
[Music]