my name is Colleen sleeper and i am the
founder of State Hospital so we're a
beverage manufacturer we probably
produce an all-natural energy drink it's
made of fresh ginger apple cider vinegar
and wildflower honey that's produced in
the Twin Cities well it's got a lot of
natural electrolytes in it just like a
farmer Gatorade kind of thing it people
used to drink it during haying season
when they're really hot and they would
use it to restore their energy during
the day so it has a lot of different
names it was known as haymakers punch or
ginger water or swizzle or switch and so
we've just created or kept a name that's
very traditional in the upper northeast
cults which'll a friend of mine told me
about switch also i started making it
was delicious so we're like well maybe
this is what we could do so we started
exploring the option of doing it and and
it just kind of went from there we had
no idea how to actually bottle a
beverage so a oh you are i really helps
us with putting together the process for
being able to safely bottle it and do
some shelf life testing it's been really
fun i have learned a lot