welcome to barbecue food for you the
backyard barbecue Channel today we're
going to be showing everyone how easy it
is to cook up roast beef using your
barbecue let's get started today we're
using the Weber 22 and a half inch
kettle filled up with nature's own sugar
maple hardwood charcoal take the
charcoal and line it around five inches
around half the barbecue and this is
just a weber starter tube going to light
it get things going now let's go in the
kitchen and get everything else prepped
for the drip pan we're going to use to
make a little gravy when it's all done
to that I like to add one onion and two
cloves of garlics chopped up but that's
optional to that once we get on the
barbecue going to add 6 cups of water to
keep a good eye on the temperature of
the barbecue and the internal temp of
the meat we're going to be using our
maverick ready check ET 732 good folks
in maverick industry sent me two
replacement probes after I sort of
messed them up so let's show you how to
get them all set up on the barbecue
before we get in the Maverick ready
check all set up place your drip pan on
add 6 cups of water it's much easier
doing this on the BBQ is entering the
carry out on this style of barbecue
place the BBQ probe right in the middle
run the wires down through the air vents
and the remote transmitter can just hang
there but beef we're going to be using
today is a seven pound I have round
roast start by taking paper towel and
just gently dry it off then we'll go in
and trim off the thick pieces of fat not
all of it but just the big chunks after
you trim off the large chunks of fat
just brush on some extra virgin olive
oil giving it a good coating and we're
going to sprinkle on some salt and fresh
cracked black pepper
just got the beef on the barbecue take
your internal temp probe place it into
the thickest part that you can find
right down deep in the middle and i'm
going to add 8 ounces of hickory wood
for a little bit of smoke everything's
looking good place the lid on sit back
and let it cook with your barbecue set
up like this it's easy to cook low and
slow 225 degrees is the temperature
you're looking for and this recipe you
can also be done on your gas grill set
up for indirect cooking sit back let the
smoke roll it's a nice day
Rose has been on the barbecue for an
hour now and it smells great let's crack
it open take a peek spin it around 180
degrees to ensure even cooking whoo
looking good first thing take your temp
probe out hot so put on another mint
then just take it and spin it right
around place your ultimate back on take
the temp probe try and get in the
deepest part right in the middle
shut the lid let that keep cooking away
Rose has been on for a little over two
hours and i'm shooting for an internal
temp of 135 degrees now i know everyone
likes their beef different but when you
get 10 degrees below your target tab
fire up another chimney fold charcoal
and get it on the barbecue so we can
sear that roast on the outside now let's
pull the roast off take your temp probes
out
you just set it on the cutting board
sure to remove the maverick BBQ Pro and
the mean temperature probe before do in
the next step take your chimney a little
and dump it on give it a minute to get
nice and hot and get started on the
gravy take your drip pan and just add it
into a pot and to that we're slowly
going to whisk in 3 tablespoons of white
flour now just take your roast and give
it a seer keep a close eye on it
flipping it every 30 seconds or so just
to get a nice brown crust on the outside
smells so good
once you have a nice sear take it off
and it's ready to serve internal temp in
the middle of the roast is sitting at
132 degrees it's cut it open see how it
looks let's take a knife cut it right
down the middle give that a minute the
red will start coming out in the meat
BBQ roast beef hot off the grill time to
eat barbecue roast beef hot off the
grill and it's time to eat be sure to
subscribe for more barbecue videos and
it's easy to do barbecue food for you
give it a try the list