hello and welcome to cooking tables
[Music]
let's look at another interesting tip
tip - sometimes your eyes containers you
will find small bugs like small black
insects or you might even find your
grains of rice sticking to each other
these those are just bugs that have
entered your eyes container in order to
prevent them you can fill your eyes
containers with dry red chillies just
layer them add in a layer of the rice
and just about four to five dry red
chillies and again another layer in this
way you can prevent bugs from entering
into your container alternately you can
also fill them with neem leaves into in
layers make sure you store your rice in
airtight containers hope this tip was
useful for you today subscribe to our
YouTube channel and get regular updates
of all our cooking videos and other such
organization videos thank you and happy
cooking