[Music]
hi this is Angie from Angie Southern
Kitchen and today we're going to talk
about how to use a waffle maker um
there's lots of different waffle makers
on the market um and I've tried them all
and they all have their pros and cons
and they all have great things about
them this one has an on andof button and
a light and a dial and for a waffle I
like to put it on about a four setting
and then it has a nice exterior Browns
up for a nice color but the way you do
this one is you plug it in and you shut
it and it will beep when it is time to
put your battery in and once it beeps
you want to open it up and you want to
spray it with
Pam and then you want to put your batter
in
and this one comes with this little
bitty cup so you get just enough batter
and I like to spread it around help it a
little bit so that it makes a pretty
waffle then once you get your battery in
you shut it latch it and then turn it
over and it will beep when it's
ready now that it's beeped it's time to
take our waffle
out you just turn it over and then you
lift the lid and you've got a beautiful
waffle
um you got to be careful too when
removing it I like to remove it with
just a fork
um so that you know you don't scratch
your tough one coating but see it just
comes out real easy and it's still nice
and clean and then you just ready to
make your next waffle and this is Angie
from Angie Southern Kitchen and you just
learned how to use a waffle
[Music]
maker