[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so here we
are in Virginia with the old rat trap
and going around the back roads but um
anyway um down here in my internship my
boss decided he's going to put a 302 in
his in his ranger excuse me so we're
getting that kind of ready and we ended
up buying a
car um for this project with an aod and
a uh um roller 302 engine this was like
an 80s Grand
Marquee but um
anyway the uh they wanted $800 for the
car and we talked them down to 300 so I
thought that was a little suspicious
anyway um transmission drove around the
block fine but when we got on the road
it wasn't very good and then the engine
when we tore it down it was literally
the dirtiest engine I have ever seen in
my life the front and back um intake
manifold gasket seals were leaking you
know like in my um 302 rebuild videos
and my intake manifold install videos I
make sure to mention to use gasket
sealer and not the uh um you know the
supplied Court gasket for that reason um
and what I'm talking about is the gasket
that would go you know right on the
front of your
intake um you know it seals it to the
block but anyway so I think they just
kept adding oil and um man so anyway
I'll show you the clip here I'll stop
flapping my jaw but it's literally the
dirtiest engine I've ever seen my life
and it Rivals right up there with some
of those engines that you that haven't
had the oil changed in 80 some Thousand
Miles this is pretty serious so anyway
enjoy you ever seen that thing online of
that engine that didn't have its oil
change for 880,000
Miles looked about like this probably
look like that you know what I think
with how those those were leaking
because of the seals I think they just
kept adding oil and they never changed
it never changed it and then was
overheating like it
was running
hot that is literally the dirtiest
engine I've ever
seen just
chunks yeah
that's that's
intense
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
go
[Music]
he