good afternoon welcome to my youtube
channel my name is EJ and today in my
kitchen we're going to be making coconut
need for your coconut candy is start to
delay the coconuts and sugar so I'm
using half a cup of sugar and you need
this grating great to kind of grit your
coconut maybe using a big Center in this
half cup of water but I'm going to use
to put my sugar and my coconut flakes
all right let's go
okay guys you shy you should give it to
be firm my cocoa not braking skills look
at that isn't that perfect
this guy doesn't look like something you
can't drink palm wine from and you can
see I already took my the meat out of
the coconut and I'm going to start
grating it now and I just want to show
you this this is the coconut water so
growing up in Nigeria I got to tell you
that don't drink coconut water it will
make you dull you know you window book
anymore in school I don't know who came
up with our maybe some kind of adults
that I don't want you to drink no water
so you can drink it but he and the
United States
that thing was brought food and then
isolating this stop so I I don't know
there are so many things are they say
you do Niger I did not stop came for it
so I'm about to go so downed a coconut
water and I'm going to show you how
great this okay guys you can see what it
looks like
you can see the flakes so I'm using this
part you can see the biggest part of
this are great does apart I'm using so
basically you you want your coconuts or
candy to look like this you see that so
all you do is just put your great here
like that and start all 12 of this you
know how you do or crawl right
I just
they're gonna come out looking like that
okay guys you can see that I graded that
Foucault cannot so now the next thing is
for me to put this half cup of water
inside the pots and put the sugar inside
so I head over to the stove and show you
the next step okay guys you can see the
half cup of water so I'm going to put my
half cup of sugar in there and I'm gonna
let it come to a boil so when it comes
to boil or later then I'm going to go
ahead and add my coconut flakes in
you know
like this okay guys you can see what the
final coconut candy looks like if the
hot right now so I'm going to let it
cool down but if you don't want to kind
of let it sit for you to enjoy it you
can slip it on the refrigerator and just
wait for few minutes really to cool it
when it when it other so it's kind of
sweeter well it's not released without
it she's already sugar in it but you
know it's kind of more firm together
that you can kind of bite into it so
this you know it's pretty easy slack to
do you know if you having a party and
you want like people to have an
appetizer you can just kind of do this
on the side before the main course is
served and to make our previous
subscribers thank you to my new
subscribers I love you all if you have a
subscribe to my channel please do it's
free they don't charge you anything to
subscribe and please share my videos are
all social platform or whatsapp Facebook
wherever you know you guys hang out
shaved and I love your and have a good
evening bye