hello everybody how goes it rabbits more
here and this is a tutorial on my
compact item sorter it's completely
automatic and you can expand it to hold
as many items as you want and for this
example I left the sides off of it but
if you wanted to you could cover up the
sides like this I just let the sides off
to just show just how compact it can
really get but you could put the sides
on here if you want it so I'm gonna do a
quick demonstration on how this works
and then we'll get into building it and
as you can see we have a spot for iron a
spot for gold and then I have a chest
for just junk items or any items that
aren't going to be sorted through our
system here so if we go to our drop-off
here I'm gonna put in five iron five
gold five snowballs some stairs and some
cobblestone here and they'll all get
pulled through our system and into our
sorter we should be able to see them
come through here so we have our five
iron our five gold and then our five of
each of our junk atoms here down at the
end so it does work out pretty simple
and it is completely compact and like I
said you can expand it to put as many
items as you want on this system here
all you would have to do is keep putting
chests along here and then you just have
your one junk chest at the very end of
that so let's get into building it here
alright so the first thing that we're
gonna be working on now is our drop off
system or collection point for our
system so we're gonna go over find us by
where you want to build it and we're
gonna be placing droppers facing up so
what I'm gonna do is boost myself up
just in case you're doing this in
survival it'll make this a lot easier so
we're gonna place a dropper straight
from above then we're gonna have to hold
down shift and place another dropper on
top and then we can break ourselves down
and while you're right here we're gonna
shift right click another dropper here
facing to the side then we're gonna go
back up front here from this direction
we're gonna shift right click a chest
and shift right click a hopper right
here on the bottom of the chest going
into the bottom dropper here and coming
from this direction we're gonna go back
behind here and place a comparator
coming out of the bottom dropper that's
going to go into a block and that goes
into a repeater right here
and I'm gonna go ahead and break a
couple blocks up just so we can see the
redstone a little easier here but coming
out of this repeater we're gonna place
redstone dust going back around into our
comparator so this will make a loop as
long as our items in our bottom dropper
here will just keep repeating and then
we're gonna put two blocks next to our
droppers here and put a piece of
redstone dust and a redstone repeater
right here so now the system will
basically any time that an item comes in
it will see items in the bottom dropper
here go through our comparator and it
will just loop and activate all of our
droppers until there are no more atoms
in the system here so that's pretty much
it for our item collection point so now
we can start building the sorting system
on the side all right so for this
example I'm gonna be showing how to
build our system here where we have two
items being sorted at one junk chest but
again you can put as many chests as you
want so what we're gonna do is go to
away from our hopper here and start
placing chests and trapped chests so
that they don't connect to each other
and we're just gonna do that three times
but again if you want to keep expanding
it you could just keep doing chests and
trapped chests as far as you wanted to
go but we're just going to do this for
now and again later on you could also
place second chests on here for more
storage space so I'm gonna get our three
chests set up here and next what I'm
gonna do is build a wall between our
chests and our drop-off point here just
so it's a little easier to place blocks
and I'm gonna put solid blocks up here
and upside-down stairs right above the
chest so we have a solid block there but
we can still open the chests here and
then we're gonna go around back and
place a block here and here and then
we're gonna place hoppers going this
direction we're gonna have to shift
right click these in to each other there
we go so now the dropper will drop items
under there and they'll go across the
top here going through our sorting
system we can break these blocks now we
don't need those so above each of these
chests here we're just gonna place a
hopper going into the wall here and it
seems weird that the hoppers aren't
going into each other but as long as
they're underneath each other those
still pull items from each other so this
actually make let's this system work
without getting
you don't want them going into each
other and now that we have our hoppers
placed here we're gonna go beneath our
chests here and as many as you put in
your world you'll have your one junk
chest at the end so remember that but
for all the other ones we're gonna put a
redstone torch behind them like this so
that's good to go and next what we need
to do is place blocks our place hoppers
going into each of these chests here
there we go and this last one is
finished already because it's just going
to be our junk atoms we don't need to
worry about it anymore so behind the
ones I have our redstone torches we're
gonna build up a block here and place a
comparator on top of each of these ones
here and then what we're gonna do is
break out these bottom blocks here and
put repeaters going into the dirt here
that actually has the redstone torches
on the other side and now we can build
blocks over top of those place some
redstone dust and then we're gonna put
redstone dust back here behind these
repeaters as well and that's pretty much
good to go now this will actually lock
up our hoppers whenever they have the
items in them and this is what is this
is what actually allows our system to
sort the items so the next thing we need
to do is put our items into our sorting
system that we want to sort out all
right so from here we're actually gonna
mark our front items here so it helps us
around the back to keep track of what
we're working on especially if you have
a lot of items going through your
sorting system here so I'm gonna place
item frames on our stairs above our
chests here and for mine I'm going to be
doing iron and gold and then our last
one is always going to be our junk
chests so I just use a bucket since it
looks kind of like a trash can and so we
have these set up so we can keep track
of what they are and I'm gonna be
showing two different ways that you can
do your sorting through your hoppers
here you can pick whichever one you want
to use or whichever one's more
convenient so our first one is we know
that I have our iron behind this one
here so I'm gonna go into our Center
hopper here we're gonna be doing an iron
in this we need to put 22 items in here
so I'm gonna get 22 iron separated here
what you need to do is place one of each
and these far-right ones and then 18 and
the first one here and this one's good
to go now it'll actually only pull iron
out of the system as it's going over the
top and put it into our chests here
anything more than this
we'll go in and I'm just gonna go ahead
and place one extra in here since that
one will go down and get stuck into this
hopper right here now anything else
we'll go into our chests so another
method you could use if you don't have
22 of whatever it is sitting in here
like if you don't want to have 22
diamonds sitting around in a hybrid that
you're never going to be able to use is
to get another stackable item that
you're not going to have much other
you're not going to be putting through
the sorting system so I'm gonna be doing
cobblestone slabs since they're easy to
make a lot of they're very easy to get
since you just use cobblestone and I
never put them through my sorting system
so I'm gonna take those and separate
them out until I have 20 there we go and
I'm gonna hold down left-click and just
get those spread out there so it's gonna
be five of each and each of these stacks
here and then for the this one since I'm
doing gold on the other side I only need
to put two gold here since this will add
up to 22 items here so again this is if
you don't want to have a whole bunch of
your items sitting around in the hopper
that you're not gonna be able to use
this one will only need two of those
items right here and again I'm just
gonna put a single item and then they
into this one so it gets pulled down
into our bottom hopper there and now
this one is also good to go we'll pull a
gold out of the system and go into our
chests but again if you're gonna be
doing it this way whatever stackable
item you're putting in these filler
slots here you need to make sure that it
isn't something you're gonna be putting
through your sorting system or else Lily
will actually go into this hopper and
break the system so make sure it's a
rare item that you're not gonna be using
like the cobblestone slabs here but if
you're afraid that you don't have
anything that you're going to be able to
use then just stick with this one
because this one will never have a
problem of breaking so there you go you
can use either of these and now both of
these will work so if I go around here
to my drop-off point I do five of each
here they should be going up in here and
also one last thing we need to do is
that one ticket delay onto this one here
so that our items never get stuck in our
sorting system here so we have our five
iron our five gold and our five
cobblestone that we sent through so
that's good to go it's completely ready
very compact and again you can put as
many of these chests along here as you
want all you have to do is keep expand
in the back here with the Redstone
behind the ones you want to sort out and
you can use this either of these types
of sorting system ways as long as you
have 22 items in there and the type of
item you want to sort and you're good to
go so pretty much it guys
so thanks for watching if this helped
you out leave a like or subscribe I'd
really appreciate it and leave a comment
if you have any questions but that's
pretty much it thanks for watching guys
have an excellent day and see you later