we're going to do be true to be true
it's one of my favorites or it's my
favourite just well Andrew yeah even raw
and grated with onion Harlan it really
is getting really good grows well looks
beautiful and it also tastes delicious
so we've got some seeds here how many
would you would you suggest for your
average size size family how many beats
would really should you so maybe 20
would be enough to try out and that'll
only take a square meter of your garden
yes you think about it yeah you can
plant them very close together they're
good in a small space we've got the
patron seeds he realized feed family
slightly unusual seed very unusual
listen at each cluster of seedlings has
got many seedlings in it if you saw
wouldn't see to you'll get three
seedlings what time of the year do we
put it in late April at the earliest I
knew you can guarantee success and then
you could do a second sewing until the
late until late May okay yeah you could
sew them directly into the garden as
well make a little to furrow and saw the
seeds and death okay or if you plant
them in here so demand a young yeah okay
Claire so she shows how to sell the
seeds so we fill our see tray again nice
and blues first and then with it just a
big to three tops to permanent cuts to
come excess compost off and then big
holes in about two centimeters deep now
because they're quite big seeds so they
can be so in a little bit deeper two
centimetres fingernails depth the big
seed so they're easily put in one seed
in each cell when you finished you put
fine seed compost over fill it again and
then scrape it off and that's it that's
ready it just water it in gently don't
over water over watering is just as bad
as under watering because two seeds may
rot away and that's it
so each seed you sow in there will make
three four five seams and that's a
problem because you need to thin them to
one seedling yeah
so intrude TV speak here's when we made
earlier exactly like a cookery program
isn't it so see that here that one was
one seed hinted out here
right tears we're going to put in our
beet roots I know that we can either do
them from modules or from seed but
what's the best of the soil that they're
going to like well any reasonable soil
reasonably fertile soil will do for peat
roots you know they grow anywhere
they're not really demanding plants and
then what time of year are we going to
be selling them well you can make an
early sowing in April
late April I think would be the best or
mid April even yeah and then another
sowing in late May and that will produce
two beetroot for storage so the early
sowing you eat away with them throughout
the summer and the later sowing you can
store them over the winter yeah and they
store extremely well so will it will
plant them now very close about seven
centimeters apart and quite firm make
sure that where the root ball is
underneath that that's burned in and
ignore the top you know many people keep
pressing and pressing here then no
that's actually bad because you sealed
the soil off so keep that loose okay
Andrea we'll bill so seeds directly now
so we can either make a photo with your
hands but in case you don't want to get
back ache you can just use of draw hoe
for that and you might think it's quite
deep but I often think people saw too
shallow and then they dry out then you
need to clean your hands and then we'll
show the seeds one at a time under the
next step is just to close it up like
that yeah and make sure that or try not
to get big dry lumps falling on top of
the seedlings so it's nice and moist to
soil which is easy but sometimes you
have dry lumps and if they fall on the
seed is no chance you know and then you
finish up with a tapping it in lay two
weeks they'll be all up
a little bit of housekeeping to do what
we do yeah we have to send them so we
really need to remove all but one and I
pull those oh yeah just leave the best
if you want really really big beetroots
you thin them wide apart yeah and if you
want small ones use it so damn thing
about or you pull every second one later
on for baby beetroot do do we need to
feed those well apart from the initial
ground preparation where we added
compost hood about one wheelbarrow for
every five square meters nothing while
the plants are growing okay it would be
more detrimental now to put poultry
pellets or another high nitrogen feed
around it okay remember that of us the
ones we planted from modules few months
ago so they're starting to produce their
roots now what I would do now is I'd let
them grow more till they nearly touch
and then I would harvest every second
one and exactly let the other one grow
to a big big one there's one disorder if
you have to watch boron deficiency and
you'll notice when the beetroot is
looking very scabby and the leaves have
lots of spots in it now what can we do
about that nothing organically but you
can go to a chemist and get borax you
deed it like a milligram per garden you
know yes my nude quantities okay
now we've got some beat here we're
actually in my garden now and closes
munch through all his already so these
ones are actually quite small it's late
in the year now we're in December now so
these are well overdue and ready to come
out but look they're still growing fine
just give it a little bit of twist just
to break the root there as I said
they're quite small beat but they're
still very good so I'm going to cut one
up I'm just going to show you so I look
at that look at the color of that so I
can't resist I'm gonna have to have a
slice of it fresh out of the ground mmm
that is really good really surprisingly
sweet raw beat is much better than you
think it's going to be Wow really good
really really easy to grow I highly
recommend
you