show me the secret I found keeping my
stove nice and clean and shiny and it
doesn't cost a lot of money to do it and
it doesn't take a lot of time all you're
going to need is these items here plus
water first of all before we start
though I want to tell you if you
procrastinate and don't clean yourself
pretty much every time you use it you're
going to have to resort to baking soda
and wet towels and a whole bottle of
this expensive cleaner my way is fast
quick it takes about three or four
minutes okay we're going to start with a
little squirt of a liquid dishwashing
detergent be sure and get one that cuts
grease it doesn't take a lot of this you
start with that and then you're going to
grab one of these little hand ease glass
top stove cleaners they don't scratch
and they're practically indestructible
you do need the water I'm going to wet
this
and then I'm just going to start kind of
going around in circles around here
pretty soon you're probably going to
start seeing a lot of bubbles that's
good
the cubby needs it's dissolving the oil
and grease that I use tonight let's make
a dinner so we just keep going back over
this there may be a few spots you feel a
little rough you could probably go over
those a little bit more that might be a
little spot work out burned on but in
general this pretty much does a really
good job okay so now you got it all nice
and sudsy the next thing we're going to
do is we're going to take a sponge just
a plain sponge no scrubby sponge and you
have to keep this sponge only for your
stove you don't ever want to put
anything else on it but just you're
going to be wiping up the suds here so
I'm going to want wet it and squeeze as
much water out of it as I can
so the dryer to sponge the better and
you're just going to start wiping those
soapsuds off kind of rotate the sponge
and then I'm going to notice little spot
here that was kind of cooked on I'm
going to put just one little bitty dab
of tenure on that I'm going to get my
little red scrubber we're going to go
over that real quick this that was
Krypton
I don't know what actually oh but it was
it's pretty much off so we get rid of
that rinsing my sponge out wringing it
out little dry and we're going to
continue wiping the soap suds off
this usually takes about four or five
minutes it doesn't take a long time I'm
going back one more time and finish
getting that soap residue off of it nice
thing about this sponge as it dries it
dries nice and clear there's no soap
residue on it no paper towel residue on
it and when it finishes drying you don't
need any paper towels to finish it up
it's going to be nice and clean and
you're ready to go for tomorrow