hello welcome to my youtube channel
first of all I'd like to thank you for
watching my videos liking my videos and
subscribing to my channel it means a lot
to me okay so today I would like to talk
about the Miranti see a family which is
definitely one of my favorite family on
plants and I also would like to
introduce introduce you to my friends in
this family so let's start with clay
Thea's okay so this one the first one
you see right here this is copious dry
the scientific name is or nada
the variety as you can see the stripes
on the leaves so next to it is this is
the co Freddie
I will provide the scientific names all
the scientific names either in the
description description box or in the
comment section so this is Freddie
next one is um I think what I saw was
Rocio Rocio um picta next one this one
I'm not hundred percent sure about the
name cuz I have seen Rocio picta
medallion
Rocio picta so right now for now I think
I can create Rocio picked up just like
this just like this pink one and the
funny thing is actually the younger
leaves
the younger leaves actually look like
this one right I don't know if they're
the same to me so I'm not sure if they
are descent the right see the same
species or you know different species
moving on on the next Claudia is
definitely one of my favorite this is a
McCoy Jana so pretty look at the
underside of the leaves no see this is
just art so please love it I got this
one on a movie um this one um I think I
introduce you to this guy in one of my
plane home videos so this one is um room
for Barbra its the leaves are kind of a
valve velvet and so kind of interesting
feel to it so here's the scientific name
next one I got I got this one from MMAC
tropicals and this is called Jungle
velvet and I think the scientific name
is like what was a UCI so mierda yeah so
it's this big grey right here look at
the leaves the other size proportion
okay next one is fusion white disclose
the effusion white it's also known as
peaker plant I think this one's known as
pick up when and this one Makhijani chu
aye boobie so this is this one has very
very thin leaves and I think they're
very fragile very very sensitive to
every it's being exposed to much
sunlight that
what happens I think I need to prove
this guy a few feet away from the window
maybe maybe a few more feet away from
the window cuz um cuz the sun's gonna
get more and more intense as it gets
warmer and warmer so yeah next one is
rattlesnake this one actually I got this
one in Portland last year
at the time I couldn't find it anywhere
in my local stores and when I saw in
Portland it was like really really small
maybe a two inch and was like $9.99 like
very expensive I bought it anyway just
because I was yeah I really really liked
it and I really really wanted but now I
can see everywhere like Home Depot you
know the grocery store you know things
like that I still love it so it's still
very very pretty so this is the small
one I got in Portland and next one is
this big guy I got it from my local
grocery store and I believe that the
variety is the medallion
so the it has a really big wrong fleece
and the under side is actually purple I
think so far oh the creepy eyes would
have seen have purple purple color on
the underside but maybe except for this
one and the Freddy except for the white
fusion and Freddy
so this one has really big leaves next Y
is another rattlesnake and I got this
one at Home Depot and this one I got
more recently yeah because when I saw
was like arts you know yeah I had to get
one you know bigger in case I killed a
smaller one so this one I think I talked
about this one in my
plant your tool up plans for video and I
still think this is my big ghetto but
I'm not hundred hundred percent sure
so they're all pretty right just in
different ways
okay next one is I think I introduce you
to this guy
chu in my yeah
part one of the plant or video so this
is Cole MC mo mo psycho musica but but
but the things this is one sluices more
psycho and see tropic hosts website and
that's what the label says right well I
did some research maybe it should be
musica and you instead of and oh um I
think okay moving onward we are gonna
move to a different genus so the next
one would be to not be so it's a it's
another genus in the morality see a
family so this one is known as the
fishbone plant and this one is too
naughty burly Moxie marks the I so look
at the the leaves and the underside it's
purple too I got this one from eBay this
movie this one is another one I got from
eBay this one is um - nothing I believe
the name is sank we know Sienna Luciana
and I'm not sure but it's known as
brazilian Brazilian snow I think the
common name so it's like like variegated
variegated leaves next one this is
actually another genus enter the scent
family
this one is Ostrom anthe I'm a little
bit confused once the rubber Siana one
is Mina I think this is like Salina
the scientific name so it's I think we
know tri-colored people could people
also call strowman the tricolor oh I
don't think you can see the three colors
well that's very pretty
[Music]
movie I'm sure I am in love with this
guy look at the leaves so this is
another one in the strawman the-- genus
this one's called Charlie I don't
remember the scientific but I know I
have it somewhere I was I will get all
the scientific names together and put
them somewhere look at the leaves so so
so so pretty I'm involved with this guy
if you want this guy you can go to hers
garden website right now and I believe
is it's still available like maybe only
a few they only have a few ones in stock
but it's still available so that's what
it looks like if you like what it looks
like go to their website and older one
very long movie um it's the last genus
of the plants I have in the Miranti see
a family so you should be familiar with
this two guys there are pretty common in
the like how in terms of house prints a
lot of people have this so the person
one is the the rep one this is a
meringue topping we saw I forgot to
mention no meringue type genus
family so this one is a red one and this
one is a green one I actually kept keep
this one in my spare bedroom and I
brought it here just for this video they
are also known as prayer plants because
they fold up their leaves at 9 so it's
very interesting actually some of the I
think some I'm not sure it's like most
or some of the plants in the miranti see
a family where whether they're in the
morontia
genus or you know different genus I
believe they do that but not every
single one I believe anyway so I have
introduced you to all my plants in this
family so now I would like to share with
you what I do to take care of them
so as you all know they are plants who
like a lot of humidity so what I do is I
miss them at least twice like once in
the morning once at night to keep to
keep them to keep them moist and in
addition to that I also tried to put a
layer of gravel like here underneath
until and water so that to increase the
humidity level because I don't have a
humidifier I don't plan on getting one
so so far I think it has worked pretty
well for me I think for the most part my
plants are happy so one thing to note is
that they don't like really bright
bright light because their their leaves
are pretty like sensitive and also the
like improper watering can cost
the leaves should go Brown kind of like
this one I did I overwatered this guy
the other day was ok this guy so this is
not from low humidity this here can see
like the wrong and just something leaves
actually it's from over-watering because
yesterday another side it was sitting in
water for like one day or two days so
that's why and I know a lot of people
will suggest that you use distilled
water instead of just you know tap water
to water then I don't do that but I'm
sure it will help help them grow like
healthier and more beautifully so I
think that's I mean I want to say
they're easy to care for honestly
because it their leaves could go wrong
very easily and I don't have like really
really perfect plan say they would never
look like Robert points like my Robert
Robert Plant's always look like you know
picture-perfect but this place I don't
think they will ever look like Robert
plants by the same time if you care for
them properly keep them what they need
and the issues right for you inte R is
all fertilizer I think you can just use
the like you know lead Jenner
general generic um like fertilizer and
fertilize them like I would say maybe
twice a month in their growing season or
like once a month in the growing season
I think that's all I have to share with
you anyway um I am in love with them and
I hope you love them as much as I do and
if you have any questions just leave
your comments below and I'll try to to
reply to your you know questions or
concerns or whatever and but but I have
no expert so sometimes like we tell me
you
like oh my planet has this and that
what's going on I probably don't even
know what yes sir
but anyway so thank you for watching
maybe