hey guys so if you didn't know I love to
cook and I obviously love to eat so I'm
going to be showing you some of my
favorite recipes starting with these
vegan
pancakes the ingredients you're going to
need are two ripe bananas 1 and 1/2 cups
of almond milk 1 and 1/4 cup of oats
half a cup of flour half a teaspoon of
salt and 2 tpoon of baking
powder then literally all you do is
throw all the ingredients into the
blender and blend I love this recipe cuz
it's literally so quick and you're
likely to have all the ingredients in
your pantry already plus you can make
this the night before and have the
batter ready for the morning and all you
have to do is cook the pancakes plus the
batter lasts in the fridge for about 3
days
[Music]
turn a pan onto medium Heat spray it
down with some cooking spray to the
pancakes don't stick and start to pour
so once they're done cooking start to
plate and of course I take the time to
make it look super
extra but of course you can add any
toppings that you want my favorite is
almond butter and chocolate syrup and if
you follow me on Snapchat at all you
definitely seen these before and then
you just have a nice fancy Montage of
the beautiful clips of the pancakes
[Music]