after all that Christmas madness it's
time for some clean living and some
clean eating so I have my ultimate green
smoothie this is one I make all the time
for breakfast it's filled with lots of
green energy
it's got matcha green powder it's got
frozen bananas and it's got the mighty
power of kale so it starts off in a
blender with some of that kale now with
kale you need to rip it off the stalks
so kalyan it's now time for our frozen
bananas if you have any leftover bananas
that are starting to go a little bit
black stick them without the peel in the
freezer in a resealable bag and they are
perfect for smoothies they give this
sort of velvety creaminess to the
smoothie so they're well worth getting
in there so just break them in I've got
two bananas going in here two frozen
bananas and then it's time for some
avocado this is fantastic healthy fat to
get into your diet so I'm gonna go for
about half an avocado in here and this
is a beautifully ripe one you're looking
for that really nice green color and if
you press it ever so slightly on the
sides it should just come away it should
be a little bit mushy in Nice so scoop
that out with a student I think half an
avocado will do here so stick that
straight in there for that little bit of
sweetness we're going in with three
medjool dates these are sweet they're
tough II like they've got that lovely
sort of caramel hit and they're a
perfect thing to add into this smoothie
now it's time for the seeds I have some
chia seeds and these are a great source
of fiber and protein so about a
tablespoon going in here and then for a
little bit of green magic I've got some
matcha green tea powder if you haven't
come across this you can find it in most
health food stores it's a great
antioxidant and it gives you this
wonderful green color so sprinkle that
in and then just loosen this all aged
I've got some unsweetened almond milk so
just pour that until it comes about
halfway up the blender and you can use
soya milk in here regular milk or just
water will do as well so unwilling
durand it's time to get blitzing
now once your smoothie is nice and
obviously smooth and green and looking
tasty we're gonna get in there and just
taste it because green smoothies are a
bit of a fine art you need to make sure
that they have the right balance of
flavor hmm that's pretty good but
actually it still got a little bit of
bitterness of the chaos I'm gonna go
straight in there with some more dates I
think - will do me just nicely and back
on the blender and blitz until smooth
okay we have beautiful green magic
gorgeousness so take off that mixer and
it's time to serve this up go for two
fill them up one for me and one for you
guys so time to taste ah it's creamy its
velvety its incredibly sweet you can
forget about all the veggies that are in
there because you have this lovely
sweetness from the dates and the frozen
bananas you got this lovely velvety
texture and if you wanted to go extra
cold you could stick in some ice I mean
the beauty of a smoothie mixture like
this is that it's completely adaptable
if you don't have kale stick in some
spinach if you don't have avocados leave
it out there's lots of versatility here
so it's really about creating an
ultimate green smoothie that you can
make at home so if you want the recipe
for this green smoothie you can check it
out over on my website make sure to give
me a big like and a thumbs up and of
course subscribe to this channel we've
got lots of healthy recipes over here we
also have some naughty ones too but
leave me a comment in the box below
telling me if you're gonna try your
green smoothie or what smoothie you like
to make until then happy green smoothie
making and Happy New Year
you
you