hi you guys so it's Tiffany and today
I'm going to be talking about this main
Chanel purse that I wear in most of my
photos so if you're with me on Instagram
you already know it's atap peal junkie
if you're not I'll leave the link um to
my blog below and my Instagram so the
reason I love this bag and I say pretty
much if you're going to purchase the
Chanel bag and put money into it like
really invest in a piece um I would go
with the jumbo Chanel bag because it's
actually a lot more versatile than it
looks the fact
is people typically think that this just
has two straps and that's the only way
you can wear it but that isn't the
case this handy little trick I learned
as a stylist I'm digging in
here you've got these clips so stylists
when they style a photo shoot they use
these these clips to um adjust a model's
clothing so if a store or a designer
lends you um clothes you don't want to
be safety pinning if they're too large
on a Model you definitely want to clip
um so that's what these clips were for
you can pull the straps through here
which you can that is adjusting the
length on the outer side and basically
what I would do once I've adjusted where
I want is I would click
so this clip really I use four of them
cuz there's four rings so I use one 2
three four and then you Buckle it back
down where I want it um and I have three
different bag options really four if you
count it as a clutch sometimes if you
guys like this video please make sure
that you go ahead and click the thumbs
up um or leave a comment and let me know
um we really appreciate it