what comes to mind when you think of
comfort food if you're like a lot of
people there's nothing more satisfying
than the thought of your mom or
Grandma's slow cooked fork tender pot
roast I'm Chef Michael oier with the
certified Angus beef brand today I'm
going to show you how to braze a roast
brazing is when you cook meat in a
tightly covered container in liquid
brazing is a low and slow cooking method
which means the meat will cook at a low
temperature for a long amount of time
just like that perfect comforting pot
roast it's a great way to cook it on the
weekend when you have some extra time
but don't let that worry you putting
together a braz dish is easy and you're
going to love the results first you want
to choose your beef brazing is a
wonderful technique for cooking less
tender cuts of beef the low heat and
liquid gently cook the roast over a long
period of time so it leaves you with
melt in your mouth fork tender beef even
better most of the Le L tender cuts are
also less expensive brazing is a great
way to enjoy a delicious meal at a very
reasonable cost it's easy and economical
any chuck roast bottom round brisket or
eye of round are ideal choices for
brazing today I'm going to prepare a
nice thick chuck roast which is the
classic cut for a traditional pot roast
for the best flavor look for the
certified Angus beef brand marbling
these little white Flex of flavor is
what sets the certified Angus beef brand
apart as the roast cooks that marbling
is going to melt and give your beef
incredible flavor tenderness and
juiciness first preheat your pan over
medium high
heat I prefer to use a dutch oven like
this one because it holds the heat so
well and the heavy lid will really help
trap the moist heat inside the pan you
can use any large heavy bottom pan as
long as it is oven safe and and has a
tight fitting lid while our pan is
heating up let's season our beef you
could add all kinds of rubs to create
different flavor profiles but today I'm
using just two ingredients kosher salt
and freshly ground black pepper that's
all you need to enhance the wonderful
robust beef flavor of a chuck roast
season all sides generously cuz this is
a really large piece of
[Music]
meat remember to keep food safety in
mind whenever you're handling raw meat
make sure to wash your hands thoroughly
as well as any cutting boards knives or
utensils it touches now it's time to add
a bit of oil to the pan just enough to
thinly coat the bottom this is going to
help prevent the beef from
[Music]
sticking once the oil begins to Shimmer
in the pan and just begins to smoke it's
the ideal time to add the beef use tongs
and gently lower the roast in into the
pan and set it down away from you to
help avoid any
[Music]
splatters listen to that Sizzle that's
going to sear the beef wonderfully
searing the meat and letting it brown
before we get it into the oven is really
going to develop some robust flavors
it's well worth the extra few minutes
and it gives off a wonderful
Aroma once the bottom of the road is
seared you'll know it because it'll lift
up easily from the bottom of the pan if
it resists when you try to move it it
needs a little
longer this is ready to go also see how
the color of the meat changes on the
seared side flip your roast over and
Sear The Other
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Side after the top and bottom are done
make sure all the large sides are
seared once your roast is complete
completely browned transfer it to a
plate although it's browned on the
outside the inside is still very raw to
your hot pan add some rough chopped
vegetables I'm using a classic
combination called mirp onion carrots
and celery these are going to give great
layers of flavor as everything Cooks
[Music]
together
[Music]
as the vegetables cook they're going to
start to Brown and caramelize stir them
occasionally to keep them from
burning after they start to Brown I like
to stir in a little bit of tomato paste
this will deepen and brighten the flavor
and enhance the
[Music]
color
cook everything another 2 or 3
[Music]
minutes now it's time to deglaze your
pan Del glazing means we want to lift
those tiny brown bits that are sticking
to the bottom of the pan those brown
bits are known as fond and are full of
more wonderful rich flavor from the beef
and vegetables I like to use red wine to
Del glaze but you can use broth or even
water take about a cup and add it to
your hot pan scraping up those brown
bits of flavor From The Bottom the other
reason Del glazing is important now
you've got an open bottle of wine feel
free to pour yourself a glass to sit
back and enjoy as your roast
Cooks once the wine and vegetables are
simmering gently add your roast back to
the
pan I like to add some fresh herbs at
this point like thyme and bay
leaves then take some beef broth and
partially cover your
roast it should come up just about
halfway or a
third I'm using packaged beef broth but
use homemade beef stock if you have that
available at this point if you prefer
you can use a slow cooker or crock pot
instead of your oven once the pan is De
glazed just assemble the vegetables wine
roast and stock in your Croc instead
cover and cook on the low setting for 6
to 8 hours cover your pot with its lid
make sure the edges are sealed as
tightly as possible the goal is to trap
the moisture as the roast and broth
[Music]
simmer take your covered pot and place
it in a low oven about 170 5Â° remember
that low and slow is the key to a tender
roast let's take our roast out of the
[Music]
oven your roast is done when it's fork
tender the exact time will depend on the
size of your roast it took 6 hours for
our 4lb roast when you're brazing
there's no need to use a meat
thermometer to check when your beef is
done after such a long time rest assured
your roast will be fully cooked so
rather than looking for a particular
temperature we're checking for
tenderness see how the meat just falls
apart and how Juicy and Delicious it
looks gently remove your roast from the
pan and place it on a clean serving
plate a hearty delicious economical meal
after just a few minutes of prep time
grandma would be
proud for more cooking tips and
mouthwatering recipes visit certified
Angus
[Music]
be.com