[Music]
the black Vine Weevil is a pasted in
many ornamental crops as well as in
strawberries and other fruit
crops they are about 7 to 10 mm long
brownish black and have dull yellow
spots on their
back the larv of this Beetle are
difficult to control chemically not only
because of their secretive habit but
also because of their resistance to many
pesticides both adult beetles and larv
damage the plants The Beetles are only
active at night taking round bites out
of the leaves starting from the
edge in the first year the female is
capable of laying 100 to several
thousand eggs
[Music]
the larv that emerge from the eggs cause
the greatest
[Music]
damage Young larvi At first feed on
organic soil particles but rapidly turn
to feeding exclusively on root hairs
[Music]
the larger they grow the larger the
roots they eat and even the base of the
plant stem can be
attacked it leads to the withering and
eventual death of the affected
plant by ringing the base of the stem a
single larvae is able to kill a plant
[Music]
after emergence the larv immediately
hide in the
[Music]
soil the larv turn into Pei which
eventually become
[Music]
adults the lifespan of an adult female
is is 5 to 12 months but some adults
have been known to live for 3 years or
more and still lay
eggs check out our YouTube channel and
website for more information on
agricultural pasts