what's up everyone my name is Jorge and
today I'm going to show you the best top
5 cleaning life hacks that you can do
with simple green and cleaning vinegar
let's get okay so all what you need is a
simple green the cleaning vinegar and an
empty spray bottle you can pick this up
at Walmart for about dollar 50 so we
want to add one third simple green one
third cleaning vinegar and one-third
water so let's do it
this where we got the simple green
that's the bug good and here's the
cleaning vinegar that's good and the
rest of it is water
okay so for the first one it makes a
really really good oven cleaner so for
this old all event we open it and look
at all that dirt okay so for this dirty
oven you you want to have a clean rag
and you want to spray it real good all
over don't be afraid to use a lot of
this solution and let it soak for a few
minutes now before wiping it for the
clean rag you need to use an abrasive
sponge so after you let it soak for a
few minutes we're going to scrub it and
then wipe it with a clean towel okay now
after we let it soak for a few minutes
we're going to get the abrasive sponge
and use the rough side and start
scrubbing on
and if you feel it getting dry you can
spray more while you scrubs
okay now look at the difference between
the part that we scrub and this is the
part that we did that's crap look at
that even the oven cleaner can do this
as bad see look look over here this
grease it's been here for years building
up
look at that
after you're done scrubbing the whole
thing okay now after you're done
scrubbing give the clean rag wipe it
I took out the difference okay guys no
for the shower there's this bus like
this that that don't go away
I like that down here if you can see
it's a bit dark and yeah same thing we
just spray it and let it soak well in
this case if it's the spots are not too
hard to get off you can just wipe them
you can always try to use the towel
first and if they're not coming out in
this case they're actually coming out
pretty easy because the solution did the
work and if they're not coming out as
easy you can use this brush and scrub it
real good and then wipe it and then now
we're going to use this brush to on the
toilet okay so for the next one this
solution make a very powerful bowl clean
so you spray it all over and for this
one you want to let it go for about five
minutes spray old the side so it can
soak really good
[Music]
after it has soaked for about five
minutes in each little gloves on because
this plate is pretty dirty and you need
to get a brush like that and you want to
start scrubbing
don't touch anything just scrub with a
brush look at that you see I was coming
out for the easy and it we don't you
don't actually have scrub this much
let scrub a little bit and itself is out
for you okay now you flush it and look
how clean it is right now don't use this
brush again on the shower just keep
further so let's all throw it away
this solution makes a very good
stainless steel cleaner so if you see
how this is seen and there's water spots
all over okay so now you want to spray
it just a light coat
so this is a pretty easy job and wipe it
right off
I'm going to put some pressure on it
[Music]
and look how clean this thing came up
look
[Music]
pretty shiny it also works for your seat
you see how good it is same things spray
on it
and wipe it right off
and look at the difference it's
scratched but it's much greener alright
folks so for this last one it's pretty
quick
it just works at a the other editor for
your laundry so you want to open it and
pour some with your laundry it's really
helps deodorize and give it a nice smell
alright guys if you like this quick
cleaning light axe video please hit the
like button please subscribe also
comment down below let me know what I
think is the worse for you or not thank
you very much for watching I love you
all I'll see you next time