hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel and today I'm going to show you
how I made this adorable birthday hat
for baby nyla here who turned one year
old it is absolutely adorable you can
make it for any birthday age by just
changing the number and it's really easy
to make so if you'd like to see how I
made this then continue watching okay so
to make this birthday hat you're going
to need a few supplies you're going to
need tool and the color of your choice
I'm using three different colors you're
going to need some felt material and
this will be for the number one that
goes on the front of the hat you're
going to need a hole puncher and a
pencil or just a like a fine tip pen a
marker a exacto knife and some elastic
and this is the very thin elastic you're
going to need some scissors I'm going to
need glitter card stock and this is a
twelve by twelve sheet and you're not
going to use it all then you're going to
need a couple of templates here this is
the Hat template I do have this where
you were able to download it if you want
you'll find the link down in the
description box below I'm going to have
it on my blog where you can go and
download it and then the number one I
just used Bookman old style font and
this is almost 2 inches tall you can
print it in word out onto a piece of
paper and then just cut the number one
out and then I do have a 12 inch piece
of poster board here and this is going
to help me with measuring out my tool or
you can just use a ruler and then of
course I'm going to need my hot glue gun
so first you're going to take your
cardstock and you're going to turn it
over and place your template down on the
back of it
you just start to trace it out
okay so once you have your template
traced out on the back of your cardstock
paper you're going to go ahead and cut
that out
[Music]
okay so then you can take your exacto
knife now and then cut out this line
here and make sure it goes through so
once you have the hat template cut out
you're going to just go ahead and insert
this part of the template into the
little slot here
[Music]
and it will be a tight fit for extra
support I am gonna put some glue a strip
of glue in there and on the inside side
I am going to take a strip of another
just just just cut a little small strip
and I am going to hot glue that on the
inside also
[Music]
this is just going to give it a little
bit of extra support if you could see
that okay so once you have your hat put
together you're going to go ahead and
hole punch on the side there we go
and I just a little bit away from the
edge this is about a quarter inch away
from the edge and then you'll take your
string and go ahead and tie it
[Music]
you go ahead I'm sorry this is elastic
not string or you can use a ribbon if
you want
[Music]
you
you
[Music]
so there is the Hat so far so now I'm
going to make the tool bottom I have
already cut out like a little template
to wrap my tool around or measure my
tool out with but a ruler will be fine
and I'm going to be cutting strips of 12
inches because when they're folded in
half it they're going to be 6 inches
okay so now it's time to cut out the
tool and you're going to cut cut out 12
inch strips and you're going to cut out
4 in each color that you use so if
you're only using one color then just go
ahead and cut out 12 strips and then
just cut that off and then to make it
easier I'm just going to go ahead and
cut while I have this on here like so
[Applause]
and you'll do the same with each of your
other colors
[Music]
you
so after you have all your tool cut out
you're gonna cut out an extra just a
small strip and this is going to be
what's gonna tie them together and just
put that to the side
so now you're going to just oh I'm going
to take a tool and just alternate the
colors in my hand and make sure that
they're pretty even okay so once they
are together and alternated colors
you're just gonna go ahead and cut
smack-dab in the middle of them cut them
in half here okay and then you're just
going to bunch them all together and
then you're going to take your string
will be extra tulle fabric that you cut
out and tie it around the middle into a
knot and then tie it twice actually
double knot it
and I'm gonna cut that excess off and
then I'm going to just trim up the edges
make them even and then you'll start
just forming it into like a little
flower shape then I'm going to take the
Hat here and I'm going to put hot glue
on the inside rim of the Hat and kind of
be quick about this part so the hot glue
doesn't dry on you and then I'm just
going to sit that hat right in the
middle of that puff and just trim it up
to where the front in the back or even
but try not to cut your string
and if you need to go back and put a
little bit more hot glue in there just
hold back to tool that way you don't get
it on there you just put a little bit
more in there just kind of hold it in
place till it dries to put the one
you're going to take your fabric you're
gonna take the felt and your one and
we're gonna put it the one upside down
just because I'm using a little marker
here and I don't want any of the tracing
mark if I don't cut it all out on the
tracing mark I don't want it to show on
the front
[Music]
okay so now I'll just cut out that one
so now I'm going to take my wine and put
a hot glue on the back of it and then
I'm going to stick it to the front of my
hat
like that and I'm going to make a little
puffball to go on top you're going to
take the tool and kind of bunch it up in
your hand like this and you're going to
go around your hand about nine times
just kind of depending on how big your
hand is three and then just go ahead and
cut that now you're going to cut a
little bit longer of a strip going
lengthwise that way it's long enough to
tie around the middle you're just gonna
tie in the middle for this one also it's
like you're making a little bow and make
sure to double knot that also and once
you have that tied you're going see how
it looks like a little bow just go ahead
and put your finger through all of those
on one side here make sure you go on all
the way through okay and take the
scissors and just go up to the middle of
those and cut them all do the same on
the other side
[Music]
now you're just gonna form the little
puffball I'm gonna cut it just a bit
shorter here actually I'm gonna cut
these just a bit shorter I don't want
the puff ball to be too big
just make sure they're even okay now
just form your little puffball so now
I'm going to take my little puffball I'm
gonna put hot glue on the bottom of it
and then I'm gonna stick it onto the tip
the top part of the Hat here and just
hold that in there and place until it
dries and there you have it here is the
finished birthday hat and I'm doing a
little photo shoot and I think this is
gonna look really cute with her outfit
it's it look gonna be a mermaid theme
and the colors are gonna be a like a
darker purple a light purple and this
pretty turquoise color
so I'm really excited and I'll probably
post those pictures on my blog if you
guys if you decide to make this birthday
hat I would love to see photos so you
can tag me on instagram it's at simply
Dovie or hashtag simply Dovie and go out
follow me over there too if you want but
I hope you really enjoyed this video if
you did please give it a thumbs up and
please don't forget to subscribe if you
don't want to miss any of my new videos
that come out thank you so much for
watching bye