this is renamed Romeo and today's pearl
of wisdom is how to get crystal-clear
shower glass after every single shower
now what I've done with the prep for
this is I've gone ahead and use a green
scrubby on the inside and green scrubby
is the heavy-duty version which will
help you get off all the soap scum
especially all of it that accumulates at
the bottom of the glass that's really
the worst part of the whole job and all
I've really used here is the method
cleaner and it's just an all-purpose
cleaner and it's great because it's
environmentally friendly and I don't
think that you're grieving at all the
harsh chemicals that you normally would
with a bathroom cleaning product and the
front glass is cleaned off with spray
way glass cleaner I really think this is
the best glass cleaner on the market and
it really creates a beautiful treat free
surface so you can see exactly what your
product looks like when you're done so
the secret to my success is car wax and
then the turtle wax the paste wax and
the great thing about this in comparison
to some of spray-on products that you
can get for cars being days is the
spray-on products have always chemicals
in a really harsh chemical and this is
just a paste wet carnuba wax and when
you have your steam shower going and it
gets hot and steamy in there you're not
going to be breathing in any of these
harsh chemicals just going to create a
nice water propellant service on the
back side now I pulled off the top of
the paste wax and I have my little
sponge that comes with it I've already
pre moistened it and bushes moist not
really wet it's just only dance so
you'll see that this is a product that
is a little bit goofy and the great
thing about it is you're just going to
put a little bit on your sponge and
you're just going to apply it to your
glass in a circular motion just like so
very very simple very easy to do and
you're not putting a whole lot on there
because you're going to
doing and letting this dry and you ever
wax occur before and years ago exactly
how you do it you're just going to go
ahead and get this nice little swirl
pattern together and let it dry and see
you'll see I finish this side and I'm
ready to go to the other side and I'm
going to just do the same exact thing
you know getting a little bit careful
around the hinges and things so that you
don't get a buildup on your hinge
but you want to get up close to it so
that you actually make that really nice
and water-repellent - and you won't get
soap scum buildup on those either
so I already started wiping this down
and what I'm using is a really great
microfiber cloth I think these are
really great for this time work because
what I'll do is it'll take up any of the
dust that appears as a result of you
rubbing this off it will all claim to
this cloth really nicely and not make
them out so I'm just going to go ahead
and just keep on going here is when I'm
all done I'll show you what it looks
like when it's all finished everything
is waist down and everything is just
super crystal clear just like the day
that it was installed so let me just
show you the water non-si of the sydney
wax and see how that works out
and look at that you know that it's
sticking to the glass keeping right off
and to the soap scum and any other thing
that you found this is not going this
pictures labs at all is going to remain
Queen neat and fresh looking every
single day and from this point all I
really use either a squeegee or a towel
just after every single use to just wipe
it down very quickly I keep it as fresh
and clean looking as possible
so there's another great pearl of wisdom
for you to use and incorporate into your
life and I hope that this will save you
a lot of time energy and really make you
enjoy your space on a daily basis with
some cringing every time you see your
dirty shower door so this is radium
Romeo thank you so much for watching and
I'll bring you another great two bit in
the future