for this test I'm going to do an ear
cleaning on this kitty first we're going
to use some general ear cleanser fill up
the canal and massage it wipe it out
with cotton balls and use a put a few
drops of Trezza durm in her ears
Nicole's holding so we're just going to
she does have really itchy ears we're
going to do we're going to do the other
ear boo-yeah
you can good kitty kitty kitty okay so
massage now we're in letters shake Oh
get all the icky stuff out now we're
going to wipe them out with cotton balls
so I'm just gently trying to get it in
the cracks and crevices of the ear pin
oh we're not using q-tips to get inside
the ears or anything like that so you
don't cause injury so that looks really
good
put your ear back over there girl this
one is the ichiya swine got all kinds of
debris in there I know she's doing good
we're just being really gentle
okay now I'm going to put some trousers
arm drops in our ear three drops I'm not
touching the ear with the two and
massage that and then we're going to do
this here oh I know okay
she's got a shake she did and that is an
ear cleaning of a cat