g'day hi it's Roger here from a Nimbo
crystals and we're just having a quick
look at some amethyst today a few basic
facts about amethyst it is a crystal in
the quartz family group of crystals when
they're in this kind of appearance
shaped like this
they're popularly called a crystal cave
the correct geological word is a geode
otherwise if it's simply a piece of
amethyst it's known as a crystal cluster
very lovely whether it's a large piece
or a or a small cluster one of the very
nicest of all crystals the exterior the
natural exterior of this is an agate and
in fact these beginning life as a kind
of agate pod with the crystals growing
on the inside when their mind the pod is
sawn in half you get the two herbs very
lightly polished here and the other
thing the mining company does this is a
good thing to protect the crystal they
render the outside that is a very thin
layer of cement onto the agate which
protects it because after all these are
sent all over the world in containers
and they can be brittle they can break
but with rendering the outside that
protects them also at the same time it
gives them a flat base to stand on which
enables them to display very beautifully
the main source in the world at the
moment is South America countries such
as Brazil Uruguay Peru there are very
rich resources in all the quartz family
crystals especially the amethyst but
they can be found in other countries in
the world too so I hope you've enjoyed
this look at some amethyst clusters
today and I hope to catch up with you
again soon bye for now