[Music]
how's it going guys welcome to Anson
vision today I'll be showing you how to
make a film Karim is just like this one
for this project you going to need a
container I find that solid plastic that
doesn't Bend oftentimes higher clarity
surfaces which is ideal for observing
the ants with it
the next thing you'll need is some vinyl
tubing this is especially important if
you want to connect your nest to an
outlaw otherwise it'll be useful for a
guideline the next thing you'll need is
a drill and a drill bit one size smaller
this is the cheaper you are using so
that it can have the tightest fit
preventing any escapees also a test tube
for hydration for this specific design
you'll also want some flock stuff I'll
be using casting plaster
however pretty much all plaster should
be fine
then you'll need some sand or dirt for
creating the chambers
[Applause]
[Music]
firstly I started drilling a hole in one
of the ends I also decided to grab a hat
so that the other end of the plastic
meat scratch after drilling for about
two minutes I produced the super clean
hole within the plastic
[Music]
now comes the messy path applying the
first layer of plaster do this make sure
you'll want the consistency to be
similar to yogurt you could make this
layer a thicker consistency but whatever
you do don't make it any erroneous as
it'll take way longer to dry then you'll
want to pour this mixture into the
container just so it's level with the
holes you drilled I didn't make enough
so I let the first layer dry and started
making a second layer this time I put
the container on an angle so that the
plaster will be level with both holes as
they weren't the same height as each
other I then let this dry right now is a
great time to clean off any splash
plaster as it will obscure your view of
the ants inside as well as this if you
know roughly where the chambers are
going to be positioned then you can
sprinkle some sand on top to ensure that
all layers of the nest are covered in
[Music]
once again you want the Slayers to
completely try I recommend leaving it in
the Sun for at least 30 to 45 minutes
just to be safe and the way you can
check finish dry is to simply touch the
plaster and if none of the plaster
sticks to your finger then it should be
fairly dry
[Music]
now that the plaster is dried he comes
the fun part designing and structuring
your tunnels and chambers this I like to
wet some relatively coarse and this
allows the sand hold its structure while
you design the interior for your ants
the reason I use coarse sand is because
you occasionally find larger pieces that
once the nest is complete look really
nice like little stout tights and
overall it's pretty visually pleasing
though fine sand would still work great
[Music]
so this big clumpy is probably going to
be one of the main chambers
and he informing some pathways between
two chambers
[Music]
[Music]
the layer of plaster going on top of the
chambers is going to be a much thicker
layer this is because the plaster will
be too thick to seep through the same
designs allowing them to hold their
shape while applying the layer of
plaster
I'm personally going to make two leis in
this nest though you can keep it simple
to one depending on how confident you
are at making these
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you also want something to create a hole
to the top depending if you want to use
the surface as an out world if not just
layered plaster over the whole design I
went ahead and used to tweak which I'll
remove once the plaster has dried
I also decided to add some sand on the
surface of the nest give the top more
texture and a more natural feeling it
also looks a whole lot better once
you've done this make sure the list
dries completely I made the mistake of
shaking some sand off the top and all
the chambers almost collapsed because I
was shaking so hard after the plaster
has completely dried you will want to
remove the toilet paper Stoppers in the
holes drilled go to a tap and then
you'll want to flush the sand out with
water what I'd like to do is put some
water in and gently swish it from side
to side then in that same motion drain
it out of the holes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this would be a very long time to drain
45 minutes actually this is because some
larger pieces were blocking the flow of
the sand and this process normally takes
about five to ten minutes max anyway if
you having trouble as well you can try
tapping the back of the container and
try to get it to come out then you have
direct access to the chambers making it
much easier though doing this often
stretches the sides of the container
[Music]
finally after about an hour of cleaning
it was complete but before we can put
ants inside we have to let it dry you
can either just leave it on the bench
for a couple of days or depending on the
shape and material of your container
like I did for cleaning you could simply
slip the container out and let it dry I
usually do this for about two to three
days depending on the weather now you
may be wondering how do we hydrate its
nest well the reason we've made two
holes or so that you can attach test
tube to one end of the nest essentially
making it a test tube colony but with an
insane interior
so if you do end up making this nest a
couple of tips are of you are a to buy
lots of containers because you won't
necessarily get the design perfect first
time it's also great fun making these
nests so I wouldn't be surprised if you
do end up making more than one be make
sure you don't make too much or too
little space for your colony and finally
see make sure you get your plastic
consistency it's fairly accurate to this
video especially when pouring it over
your sand chambers this will ensure that
your nest is created properly
[Music]
also if you watched last week's video
you know that I was designing some
posters that will be up for sale shortly
in the meantime I finished the designs
of the posters and here they are on the
left is a mummy sonography with the
Queen head and on the right is a
camponotus con Sabrina's Queen head and
as I said before these a3 posters will
be for sale for $12 and free shipping
within Australia and it will be
available in the next two weeks tell me
down below which design you like the
most and if you will get on
I hope you found this video helpful and
as always thanks for watching at
envision out
[Music]
you
[Music]