hi everyone today we're going to be
reviewing two different stov top waffle
makers so stove top waffle makers are
great for a few different reasons for
one they don't require electricity so if
you happen to go camping and you want to
make waffles over the fire these are
perfect for that also there really
compact so rather than having a big
bulky bulky waffle maker that takes up a
lot of space in your kitchen these are
perfect for going in a cabinet they're
really small nice and easy also most of
stove top waffle makers aren't coated
with some kind of chemicals that you
might not be sure what's in them why is
it nonstick so for example this one is
just made of cast iron right here so
we'll be reviewing this cast iron
skillet which is made by Rome cookware
it's 100% cast iron super small um it's
a Belgian waffle maker so we're going to
be giving this one a try we're also
going to be trying this cast aluminum
waffle maker which is made by Nordic
wear and it's also a Belgian waffle
maker a little bit bigger but still
really thin really compact which is
great for if you have small spaces that
we where you need to St store your
waffle maker so we're going to be using
our amazing waffle batter recipe which
you can find on our website waffle
makers hub.com and we're going to go
ahead and give these a try and see how
they turn out okay so the first waffle
maker going to try today on the stove
top is made by Rome cookware it's a cast
iron waffle maker and the directions
that it came with said to season the
waffle maker before using it which meant
it needed to be washed dried and then I
sprayed some vegetable oil spray on top
of it and then it cooked in the oven for
an hour so it was a little bit of a
process so when you get this waffle
maker don't expect to just be able to
take it out of the package and use it
right away so it takes a little bit of
extra effort to get this waffle maker
ready but once it's ready um you can see
when you open it up it has some nice
Belgian waffle Grid it's kind of a
little bit smaller than normal Belgian
waffle grid that you might see in an
electric waffle maker it has a really
sturdy feel it's super heavy um
definitely made of cast iron and also
these hinges come apart so if you want
to take it apart for cleaning you just
open it all the way and it comes right
off so then you have two separate plates
so the directions say to preheat this
waffle maker for 2 minutes on each side
It also says that you can take the
waffle maker apart and preheat the both
different plates on one on each burner
so I'm going to go ahead and just do 2
minutes on each side so I'll turn our
heat
on and I am using a gas stove which is
also recommended in the directions and
everything that I've read about cast
iron waffle makers recommends that you
use a gas stove so we're going to use a
gas stove heat it for 2 minutes on each
side on medium heat and then we'll be
ready to make our
waffles okay so the waer maker has has
been heated and I am ready to pour in
the batter I do want to stress also that
this waffle maker is made of solid cast
iron so when it's heating the whole
thing gets hot that includes the handle
so when you open the waffle maker and
flip the waffle maker you want to make
sure that you use a pot holder or a
towel of some kind otherwise you are
going to burn your hand on this very hot
handle so please be careful so I'm going
to go ahead and open up the waffle maker
pour in the batter and get started okay
so I used about a half a cup of our
amazing waffle batter recipe it's
already starting to Bubble so I'm going
to go ahead and close the waffle maker
and cook it for 2 minutes on one side
flip it over and cook it for 2 more
minutes all right so here are the
waffles from the Rome's original cast
iron waffle maker that we just made on
our stove top they look really well they
didn't stick at all to the waffle maker
they came out completely clean and I'm
going to give them a
cut not quite as crispy as some other
waffle makers we've tried but they're
nice and golden brown perfect perfectly
cooked they didn't stick the batter
didn't run out out of the pan either
waffle maker came apart for easy
cleaning so overall if you're looking
for a cast iron waffle maker this one
looks like it's a winner so the next
stove top waffle maker we're going to
review today is the Nordic wear stov top
cast aluminum waffle maker so compared
to the cast iron waffle maker we just
reviewed this one didn't require any
seasoning and it said it was ready to go
right from the package so we're going to
give that a shot it also doesn't say to
grease the waffle maker in the
directions so we'll try making our
waffles without greasing it and
hopefully they come out cleanly and they
don't stick to the pan okay so the
waffle batter is poured in it's already
bubbling this waffle maker the cast
aluminum waffle maker that we're doing
right now is a lot deeper of Belgian
waffle maker squares than the cast iron
one we did before so this was almost a
cup and a half a batter it is kind of
pouring out over the sides there so
maybe I use a little too much but it
looks like it's catching the the the
drips in this um nice Edge right here on
the waffle maker so I'm going to close
it cook it for 2 minutes and give it a
flip cook it for one more minute the
handle on this one does not get hot
while the cast iron waffle maker did get
hot this cast aluminum Nordic wear
handle is not hot so I can open it right
with my hands without using a towel so
I'm going to open it
up hey looks like the waffles are stuck
to the top of the waffle maker there I'm
going to just flip it back
over without having to use the towel
which is
great try to open it up this way all
right they look like they need a little
bit more time so I'm going to cook them
for a little longer close it and then I
will take them out of the pan and we'll
cut into them and see how crispy they
are so the waffles were a little bit
stuck in the pan but I just used a fork
and they popped right out no batter up
top all down below they look really
golden and perfect um they did overflow
the pan a little bit but they didn't
make a b big mess because of that edge
that caught all the batter so let's cut
into them okay so here are the waffles
from the Nordic wear cast aluminum
waffle maker they are actually a lot
crispier than the cast iron waffle maker
they have really nice deep um squares
for Belgian waffles it would be great
for catching syrup they're crispy and
they cooked pretty evenly so here are
the waffles again from the cast aluminum
Nordic wear stove top waffle maker and
there is the machine that we used still
pretty hot as we just cooked these
waffles and on this side we have the
waffles from the cast aluminum RS
original waffle maker so um machine is
also right here which I also wanted to
point out that I made these waffles
about 10 minutes ago and the cast iron
waffle maker is still really hot to
touch so you want to be careful with
that especially when cooking over the
stove top but both waffles came out
pretty well so if you are interested in
a stove top waffle maker I should check
these out you can also read a full
review on our website on wakers hub.com
and you can go ahead and decide which
you like better thanks have a good
day