I'm going to show you some simple tips
on how to melt
chocolate I'm using chocolate buttons If
you are using a chocolate block make
sure that you finely chop it before
placing it into the bowl we always use
plastic instead of glass because glass
will retain the Heat and can make the
chocolate a little bit too
warm so put out the required amount of
chocolate there's two ways of doing it
the first way I'm going to show you is
to actually melt in the microwave we
melt it at 30C intervals stirring in
between each interval of 30
seconds I use the microwave on high
rather than a medium heat which is fine
as long as you're stirring it thoroughly
in between each lot of heating
[Music]
stirring it regularly ensures it's not
going to overheat and thicken the
chocolate give it a thorough stir and
put it back in to continue the melting
process ensure you keep your chocolate
sealed when you're not using it and
don't throw out any leftovers just seal
them up make sure it's in opaque
packaging not clear and keep them away
from strong
[Music]
Aromas and there we have our melted
chocolate as simple as that an alternate
technique if you haven't got a microwave
is to use what we call a bay Marie or a
double boiler