[Music]
so I didn't write down any kind of notes
or anything for this video this is just
gonna be like another chit chat sit down
I'm gonna rant it's not really rant cuz
I'm not angry
but I feel like we're gonna talk about
this guys self-love is something very
revolutionary I feel like whenever you
decide to start loving yourself and not
accept anything less than how you
deserve to be treated your whole
worldview changes and you try less to
seek acceptance from others and you try
more to just say if this person or this
situation isn't serving me I'm just
gonna walk away or do something else
or not deal with that person anymore if
that makes sense so it's kind of like
whenever you really reach a place of
self-love and you reach a place of
self-confidence you don't accept
anything less than how you wish to be
treated and kind of like the catalyst
that made me make this video was
basically you guys some messages your
DMS your comments I read almost all
comments on my videos I actually read
all the comments on my videos even if I
don't get a chance to reply talking
about self-love is so important
especially now we're coming up to
Valentine's Day and I actually did a
poll on Instagram just to see how many
of you guys were single trust me this
time last year I was completely single
but I asked you guys will you be single
this Valentine's Day 66% of you said
hell yes 34% of you said hell no looking
back
last year Valentine's Day I made a video
on how to be single and happy and I was
very single and very happy and now I'm
not single and I'm still very happy but
I think singlehood is probably one of
the best things for a woman any woman
from her teens to her thirties forties
fifties singlehood is a beautiful
just because singlehood is
self-discovery singlehood is a time of
reflection of growth and I feel like
whenever you're in a relationship you no
longer have that time to yourself or
that individuality that you had when you
were single for me especially what helps
me is that I'm in a long-distance
relationship so it's not like I have to
dedicate so much time out of my day so
that's a plus side for my relationship
however I know it's not like that for a
lot of people so that's why I believe
that if you're single or you're looking
or dating or whatever don't be in a rush
to get into a relationship don't be in a
rush to be someone's girlfriend or to be
somebody's wife I think it's so
beautiful just from my personal
experience to really get to know
yourself to create yourself to be happy
on your own and not settle for anything
less than what you deserve never settle
just because you don't want to be alone
or everyone else is getting married or
engaged or everyone else is in a
relationship or having kids and you're
not don't ever let anyone outside of
this shell here push you or make you
feel like you have to be something
you're not or be at a place in your life
that you're not ready yet or you don't
have to be at yet understand that life
shouldn't just be a bunch of checklist
that you have to do from graduating
college to getting your first job to
getting your car to an apartment to
dating this getting married and then
having kids and buying your first house
and this and that that's not what life
is all about don't feel like you have to
do these checklists just to feel
validated just to feel good about
yourself self love is so much more than
just staying in a Saturday night and
putting on a face mask and doing this
ball dare going to get your nails done
or getting a back massage self-love is
accepting yourself and putting yourself
up to a high standard without the need
of anyone else outside of this human
unit to validate you you don't need a
boyfriend you don't need a Valentine you
don't need a million guys in your phone
or girls or whoever in your phone
telling you hey I want you hey you're
beautiful hey you're this and actually
just today I've got a
message on snapchat and I'm not trying
to point anyone out or put anyone on the
spot I don't name names or anything I
know this isn't just to you if you were
the person who sent me to snap but a
girl told me that she didn't feel
beautiful she didn't feel like she was
enough because guys didn't find her
attractive or guys who didn't like her
guys didn't want to date her be after
her or the guys that she liked didn't
like her back and she started to feel
like she wasn't good enough or she
wasn't pretty enough and I remember a
few months back another girl had
messaged me that she felt like she was
ugly and she couldn't stop comparing
herself to her friend because every time
she went out her friend got all the
attention from the guys and always went
home with a guy and she never did you
guys you can't put your self-worth and
your value in somebody else's hands just
because someone doesn't find you
attractive or dateable or like you are
worthy of their love or their attention
or being their girl for another wife or
whatever just because somebody doesn't
deem you that for them doesn't mean
you're not worthy at all
doesn't matter if it's five guys or ten
guys or twenty or a hundred or a
thousand guys that find you an
attractive there are twenty thirty forty
a thousand a million guys that will find
you attractive that's not even the end
all and be all a love of self-love don't
ever put your self-worth in somebody
else's hands
don't ever let somebody else decide on
whether you should love yourself or be
confident or have standards for yourself
ever be a your parents approval your
teachers approval your significant
others approval or some guy on Instagram
doesn't matter what people say the only
person who's loved you should seek is
your own the only person's approval you
should seek is your own are you happy
with yourself do you love yourself can
you look yourself in the mirror and say
I'm wonderful and I worked hard to be
here and I'm happy for Who I am and I'm
grateful for myself do you ever say that
to some if you don't question why you
don't and if you don't do it start doing
that start changing your mentality and
shifting the way you think because if
not you're going to get to a place in
life and you're gonna say wow looking
back I was so beautiful
I was had the world at my feet and I
just was so insecure I just wasted it
away you don't want to get to that point
I remember reading an interview with
this ad supermodel I forgot who she was
and she said that she looks back at her
pictures and she said wow I wasted all
of my youth feeling insecure and I look
back now I said Wow
she had her world at her feet but I
squandered it and I did drugs
I was drinking lots of alcohol I spent
so much money I could have been so much
better now and now I'm just old and
nowhere who I used to be you don't want
to be like that life is so short guys
and we spend it not giving ourselves the
respect that we should give ourselves
and we expect everyone else to give us
love and respect and treat us like we're
special when we can't even give that to
ourselves don't expect from others what
you can get from yourself when you set a
standard for yourself for how you want
to be treated by what kind of
relationship you want to begin by saying
I'm not gonna settle unless it's this
then that's when all of life just comes
and meets you if you set a standard for
yourself everything else the way people
treat you the guys that talk to you
everything has to come up and reach you
and reach that standard or else they
can't be in your life you have to see
things that way and I know it can't
sound a little conceited I can sound a
little self-absorbed but self-love is
not conceit self-love is not being cocky
or thinking you're better than anyone
else it's being sure of yourself and
knowing who you are knowing that you are
unique knowing that you have power and
knowing that you can take control of
your life and your feelings in your
emotions you can't control what other
people say or other people think but
that's none of your business we have to
focus on is in here and up here your
mentality and your soul and the way you
feel about yourself that is self-love
remember you're not defined by your
relationship status you're not defined
by how many people you've dated or how
people you haven't dated or how many
guys are in your dams or how many guys
are texting you you're not
find by any of that and once you pull
that away from you once you get rid of
that notion you free yourself you free
yourself from all that [ __ ] that
comes along in this social media age
where we're just wanting likes and all
this stuff that is just so superficial
what happens and one day all social
media just disappears there's no more
YouTube there's no more Instagram
there's no more snapchat no more Twitter
no more Facebook what are you gonna do
where is your self-worth based maybe
it's your career maybe it's your
accomplishments maybe it's just the fact
that you've been through a lot and you
weathered the storm and you are now
bigger and better than ever we have to
reevaluate what we feel gives us our
Worth and what we're proud of ourselves
and be real with yourself if there's
something you don't like about yourself
instead of beating yourself up about it
why don't you try to see how you can
improve why not instead of hating your
body seeing how you can make it stronger
fitter make it feel better feed yourself
better foods instead of looking at the
things you hate about yourself focus on
the things you love about yourself
instead of being in a job that you hate
start working towards your passions
towards the things you love and stay
close to the things you love and don't
be afraid to live life on your terms
even if all of society tells you it's
wrong you know what's right for you
don't shrink yourself to make others
feel more comfortable around you and
learn to say no to the things that don't
help you to things that are bad for you
don't be afraid to disappoint which is I
feel lobby would just want to please
others because they want to be liked but
I'm telling you the best and the most
badass people in history weren't looking
for approval they just did their thing
and they change the world and you might
have a talent you might have something
special inside of you and you are
letting other people or what other
people think of you or what other people
have said to you get in the way and if
there are negative people around you you
need to get rid of those negative people
or just not listen to them I've said
time and time again negative people are
only hurting inside about something
they're either insecure about something
they're hurting they feel bad about
themselves so they have to project that
onto others happy people don't go around
hurting others happy people don't go
around making people feel bad or yelling
at people happy people want others to be
happy happy people go around up
to others so if somebody's being mean to
you or negative cut them out feel bad
for that because something is bothering
them they're not happy and you can't
waste your life trying to make somebody
else happy unless you really love that
person which that's a whole nother video
but it's okay to be selfish these are
your selfish years I don't care if
you're 18 or 25 or 35 or 40 he's selfish
with your time you are worthy and don't
go around hurting others because
self-love is not hurting others or
bringing others down or insulting others
when you truly love yourself you're
gonna make other people feel good too
you're gonna be kind to others and I'm
not saying running after them like a
little puppy I'm just saying if somebody
needs you to be there for them be there
for people
be kind to people be good to people be
friendly but don't let anyone step all
over you don't let anyone make you feel
like you're not worthy of love and don't
give them that power over you take back
your power that's what I always say take
back your power from people from
circumstances from yourself because a
lot of times we get in our own way and
we can be the negative one we can be the
bad guy in our own story don't let that
be you said tell yourself today I am no
longer gonna let anyone sabotage me I am
putting the love that I deserve in my
hands and giving it to myself but once
you become loved and you become self
love and you give love out and you just
become a force of love and beauty and
happiness you'll just see all the love
that you will have back into your life
all the goodness that will be attracted
back to you and your life will truly
change so stop looking for external
validation stop waiting for someone to
tell you you're beautiful or you're
valuable or you're smart or you're
powerful you start giving that to
yourself start telling yourself that and
that's when you can start truly loving
yourself despite your flaws despite your
failures despite your weaknesses you can
truly love yourself and of course you're
gonna have tough days you're human
don't be hard on yourself have patience
with yourself but don't ever ever ever
give anyone else that power to destroy
you don't give them the keys to destroy
you and if you're in a relationship and
it's not going well get out of it don't
feel like you're never you
find anyone else don't feel like you're
not worthy of love don't feel like
you're not worthy of respect because you
are and I promise you no matter how many
heartbreaks you've been through or bad
relationships there is somebody out
there for you that will love you and
respect you you just have to love and
respect yourself first and don't settle
for anything less than what you know you
deserve so I hope this rant made some
sense reading copies I could talk about
self-love all day and I could make even
more videos about this topic but feel
like for today I think we're good
and I just want you guys to know don't
feel bad about being single this
Valentine's Day embrace it have fun go
out with your best friends and get all
just stop and be happy to be single
because singlehood and youth and all
that is very treasured time I mean you
should treasure it and being single is
freedom to be honest so have lots of fun
and don't feel like you have to fit into
anyone's mold don't ever feel alone you
are powerful and you're beautiful and
you are all things great and wonderful
with the universe you just have to start
believing and start acting like it
hold your head up high and be relentless
and just live your life unapologetically
you'll just see how wonderful everything
will be for you I love you guys so very
much if you like this video you want me
to talk more about self love and
confidence and all that good stuff and
if you want to see more Valentine's Day
related love videos then please give me
a thumbs up and leave your comments down
below I love hearing from you guys and
like I said I read all your comments and
your DMS and I try to get back to you
guys as much as I can I try to help you
guys as much as I can so I hope this
message resonated with you don't forget
to subscribe to see more videos from me
we are so close to a hundred Kay please
please please subscribe if you haven't
and please it by all your friends to
subscribe and join this community of
love and positivity and self-improvement
and don't forget to follow me on
Instagram snapchat and Twitter all links
are down below and at the end of the
video so let us stay connected I love
you guys so very much and always
remember
no matter if you're single in a
relationship if you're 18 or 55 or no
matter who you are in life the true
beauty your true Worth and a true power
always come from within
I love you guys and I'll see you my next
video
[Music]