dessert buffets for the holidays are a
big hit in our home especially when you
have a large variety of desserts to
choose from I will share how I will be
setting up my holiday dessert buffet
this year plus I have some great serving
tips and storage tips for you my first
tip is to pull out all the key pieces
you will be using on your buffet or
dessert bar this is something you can do
a way ahead of time this way it's done
and out of the way be very creative and
repurpose other furniture from another
part of the room or other parts of the
house and use it to display your food or
desserts on and that's what I've done
here you may remember this old TV unit
that was under our TV in our family room
and I gave it a facelift with chalk
paint and edit new knobs and I'm using
it to store my odd entertaining pieces
and platters use table risers to help
set your dishes at different levels so
your buffet table feels less crowded and
your guests can easily see every dish oh
dear you will see many deers on this
buffet but this brass buck deer head ice
bucket is from Ross Stores and it's my
favorite perfect for plain ice or
placing a tasty beverage on ice in it
this ginger soda is from world market
it's spicy and sweet and it will pair
well with a unique cocktail
cake stands can also be used to set
dishes on and give your buffet height
you have seen me do this a dozen times
and it never gets old to me these deer
head bowls are from home goods they came
in three different sizes I purchased the
large two of the three and banana
pudding and strawberry punch bowl cake
will be in them my layering continues
with placing small platters on a buffet
I'm using one to place my mini cupcake
stands on that I have had for a few
years and they're from home goods and
they are so much fun to use another
platter is used to placed in most wine
glasses on they also came in silver and
they're from TJ Maxx or 399
[Music]
this porcelains for us is from rosters I
purchased about ten of them and they use
them on my birthday and they were only
$2.99 very affordable it's designed to
be used as a tabletop spoon rest for
placing your serving utensils on a gold
catch-all box is also used on a buffet
I'm using it to hold utensils it's all
corralled neat and guests can clearly
see through it
[Music]
plain white napkins are also added to
the buffet you can get a pack of 12 from
home goods for under $12 very affordable
and the napkin rings are from the target
dollar spot I purchased last year so I
hope my tips are helpful to you be sure
to follow me on Instagram and Facebook
at be my guest with Denise to see the
actual food display and I want to thank
you all for watching
[Music]
you