tired of all the scrubbing and wiping
wiping and scrubbing when you're
cleaning your house there's got to be a
better way now there is a better way
really really tell me more now through
harnessing the power of steam cleaning
you can get your whole house
clean steam clean steam
cleaning wait a minute I love
infomercials as much is the next guy and
I've often wondered to myself do steam
cleaners actually work well many of you
have also asked me if steam cleaners
actually work so today we'll find out if
steam cleaners actually
work I managed to get my hand on a shark
portable Steam Pocket and as we do it
clean my space we're going to test this
thing based on the claims they make on
the side of the box so using the Steam
Pocket I'll give my kitchen the old once
over and then I'll use the dusting tool
to clean some things I have in my living
room we'll use the direct steam cleaning
method to clean parts of my bathroom
which is um planned to look nasty and
we'll also clean the inside of my oven
door finally the shark is also a
clothing Fabric Steamer so we'll try it
on some clothes that I have and we can
even try it on some of my upholstery
[Music]
let's unbox it and see what's the
[Music]
one here's what we have the actual
steamer the hose a few attachments this
is your detail nozzle that you attach
all of these little brushes on to you've
got your detailing brushes this is for
upholstery this here is your direct
steam nozzle you've got your filling
flask then you have your two attachment
pieces here this one's the wedge and
this one's the cylinder which is used
for detailing or fine dusting you have
here the variety of pads that they
provide you with so we have everything
from your typical standard white
microfiber pad to this one here which is
used for scrubbing and heavy duty work
the yellow one is for squeegee which is
terrific for glass cleaning then we also
have this purple one here which is great
for dusting and it all comes in a little
carrying
bag when I'm unboxing a product I always
check the build quality the build
quality on this seems fine and I like
that the product is lightweight that's a
good
thing okay let's get some water in this
thing turn it on and get to
[Music]
cleaning read the instructions if it
sounds so obvious but it can save you
time and frustration it was easy to pull
the pockets on and I liked that I could
secure them with the elastic pull now
we'll fill up the steamer with water so
we can start using it take your filling
clask and fill it up about twice to the
fill line right there you'll see on your
steamer there is actually a fill line as
well so that can be your gauge I used
this two times to fill up my steamer on
the box it says it should be ready in 25
seconds so let's plug it in and see if
it's ready in 25
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
seconds let's kick things off in the
kitchen with the sink people love a
shiny sink and it's an added bonus to
knowing the steam is zapping crusty sink
bacteria and it doesn't take much
effort next I put some grape juice
ketchup chocolate sauce and salsa on my
counter yum I cleared away the bigger
chunks which made one hot mess and using
a clean pocket proceeded to give my
counters the steam treatment there was
no residue left behind on the counter
and it was nice to know my counters were
being
sanitized on to the stove and I didn't
need to prep this one it was all crummy
and streaky already the Steam Pocket me
a quick work of shining my glass stove
top hot and
[Music]
glossy I also wiped down the top of my
range and it was especially great for
the points of contact and greasy
fingerprints that end up on it even my
overhead exhaust got to participate in
the steamy love I used a microfiber
cloth to wipe away any excess moisture
left by the
pocket my stainless steel fridge not a
problem for the steamer it did a really
nice job on Shining it out now use the
direct steam nozzle to clean around the
sink and inside the oven door while
we're waiting for this to steam up I'll
remind you pick up a microfiber cloth
that way anything that you're blasting
away with the seam you can easily wipe
away with your cloth let's try blasting
away the lime scale buildup around my
faucet despite my best efforts I didn't
have much success with this one however
on the oven door the direct steam nozzle
worked Wonders on some of those drippy
messes that were left from dinner's past
and this is safe for all ovens of
everything I tested this one had the
most
impact then I started steaming my oven
door in handle very
successfully I must say once it got
going it provided a consistent and
steady stream of steam try seeing that
one three times fast in the bathroom I
used it on my faucet and around the
Basin as well as the drain surround I
would say it performed average at best
and I had to scrub quite a bit to see
any results at all when it came to
cleaning the gunk out of that drain
surround now we're in the living room so
I'll use the duster tool to tackle some
of the things I normally dust in this
room just with a microfiber cloth let's
face it dusting isn't the primary
function of this unit it did work
however I don't see a huge benefit to
dusting with steam unless something
needs to be sanitized just make sure
it's not electronic
to its credit I did like using the
detail cylinder it made getting into
tougher spots a lot
easier finally the clothes steamer
although it takes longer than a
traditional clothes steamer which I use
often it did manage to get my skirt
wrinkle
[Music]
free for the most part it's a microfiber
cloth and hot steamy water those two
products together will pretty much take
care of any of your cleaning needs it's
portable it's lightweight the cord is
really really long and although it takes
more than 25 seconds to produce steam
when it does produce steam it's pretty
good sure $1,000 steam cleaner is going
to do way better than the shark did but
for
$130 this is a pretty good piece of
equipment and I can definitely see
myself using it again at home when you
saw the unboxing you noticed it came
with a lot of different tools that I
actually didn't get a chance to use and
it offers a lot more applications which
we didn't actually test out I hope I can
make another video in the near future
demonstrating some of that stuff if I do
make one of those videos what would you
like to see me test let me know in the
box below if this video helped you make
a purchase decision should you or should
you not buy the shark I really want to
know so please let me know in the
comment box and also if you like the
video thanks so much for watching and
we'll see you next time
[Music]
he