hello everyone today I'm going to show
you how I fold my bags into triangles
for storage and one of my viewers have
asked me to make a video of it after my
what's in my Calicut video because I've
put one of these inside so instead of
just folding them like this neatly you
know like this I have a way to do it so
let's start with this with the handle
this is like a typical supermarket bag
right and then so all you need to do is
to make sure that there's no air inside
and then you can fold it in half and
then top it doesn't matter how you fold
it as long as the end it looks like this
and then you start from the end it's the
bottom end okay because you need to keep
making sure that there's no air inside
okay and if you do it from this end you
start trapping air and then once you
reach the end there will be a lot of air
and you might have to redo it okay so I
fold this end fold one corner up okay
and then you see it's not very neat it
doesn't have to be okay and then along
one edge of the triangle you keep
folding up and then up so the the side
closest to the rest of the bag is you
keep making sure that the air comes out
right the side that is closest to the
rest of the bag you fold to offset
direction okay alright alright so there
are timezones die angle they're a
diagonal there's no times when it's just
straight okay so in the end when you
reach the end there's left over right so
what you do is you'll find like a little
little opening here and then you stick
it in
and there you go and then it stays
intact it's not going to come loose and
until next time you have to use it and
then you take it out okay so let's try
it with these type of bags you know I
can't find the back looks like a good
hole here for the handle but you know
you get the gist right so you know
sometimes you'd get shopping bags in
this size without to handle sticking out
right but only with like a hole right
here for you to hold the bag okay so
this is the type of shape you get and
you can also do it it's this so again
letting the air out keeping the opening
away from you and then fold up one
forming a triangle and then keep going
up along this side of the triangle and
you keep going up and up and up okay so
for this one I end up having a square in
the end and then like this but then you
need to find the opening the opening is
actually right here right so for this
one what you can do is you form a
triangle so here's a triangle you form a
triangle so this is right here right so
you form a triangle like this and then
same size as to the other side and then
you stick it in so you find the opening
and you stick your triangle it again
it's very not very nice and tight right
it's not gonna come loose okay you can
even do it with like this big one okay
so I'm just going to pick this also when
you take it out you just open it it's
very neat
so same thing this is considered a big
grocery shop toll-free plastic bag in
Hong Kong so do the same things keeping
the opening away from you okay until it
is around the same as the handle and
then you keep folding it doesn't matter
which direction you point to so from
here you can fold from this side it
doesn't matter
normally I thought a way for me because
it's easier but then it's just your
preference you can do it any way you
want
so keep pressing the air pouch and then
again you reach this part but then
there's no opening here so you have to
go back rewind right rewind and then you
fold it so that's it will fit the other
side where the slit is so here you have
to slip right and then you just stick it
in and then flatten it there should not
be air inside right so there you go
so I three here and yeah I hope you can
try it out because it saves a lot of
space even if you're not taking these
plastic bags out with you it's good for
storage it's neat and it's not messy and
I just keep them in the little container
like a pasta container just keep all
them of them here sometimes when I need
a big one then I'll just grab a big
triangle and it's small when I just grab
a small one so yeah so that's it alright
so um thank you very much if you have
any questions for me I do all kinds of
videos like if I can do them I'll I'll
do them I don't just do head back videos
just let me know
and yeah so thank you for watching and
have a nice day bye