hi I'm Shelly I'm the owner of the
chopping block and today I'm going to
teach you how to poach a perfect egg the
first step in poaching an egg is to
really have your water ready you want to
get that going free before you start
cracking your eggs what we want to do is
have a water temperature that's below a
simmer so you're going to see steam
rising from the surface of the water and
you'll see little bubbles on the bottom
of the pan if I can see any movement in
the water and then we're going to add a
little bit of about a teaspoon of
vinegar or lemon juice to the water
that's going to hold the egg
what I like to do when poaching eggs is
I actually like to crack my egg and drop
it on to a dinner plate instead of
dropping it right into the water just in
case I break the yolk on the way out of
the shell I know before I drop it in the
water and I've already committed to it
it also makes a real gentle way of
dropping the egg into the water so what
I'm going to just do is slide this right
in here
one of the things I want to point out
about this pan as you can see it's just
deep enough to cover the a it's also a
nice wide surface and when I drop the
eggs and I was careful to keep some
space in between them
I can certainly get a couple of more
eggs in here but you want you don't want
to overcrowd the pan so that the eggs
can get the water all around the cookie
I can see that the eggs are becoming
less translucent and they're white all
around the yolk is also less orange you
can see that there's a white film
forming on that that's a really good
sign that this is just about done if not
done one of the things I really want to
have as a great tool for poaching aids
is I want to slice slotted spoon or a
perforated spoon you want something
that's going to let the water escape
poached eggs are slippery and they tend
to slide off the spoon so what I'm going
to do here is just go in and I usually
just try to see if I can scoop it does
it want to move if it seems like it's
really fragile and really tender then
it's probably not done oh but that looks
done this is a perfectly poached egg
very very soft you can certainly cook a
little bit more if you like I let a
little the water drain then I come over
I always have a clean dish towel right
on the side just to pad off any extra
water we don't want to put the water all
over our completed dish or in our bowl
with push days and that's how you're
going to make