tomatoes like many crops require
particular conditions like the right
climate and soil to be able to bear
fruit in Uganda tomatoes are grown
mainly for commercial purposes to be
sold locally or exported Jojo crop
leaves in the mountainous area of Sabine
captura district he says that he settled
on growing tomatoes after trying out
several crops using traditional methods
and when he started growing the tomatoes
on the lights kill you so decided to
modernize the methods like sorry to use
a very difficult method that's not used
by many farmers as you can see from this
specific tomato plant
I decided live five shoot of it tomato
the common shoots a true or if you try
so much then three now there is an I
tried to use five it because at
harvesting you have this maximum
production the 35 year old is a
generation graduate with a passion for
culture chop rope is now established
firm when captura
with this vegetable garden sitting on a
half an acre and this tomato as you can
see it's beginning to flower here I can
continue let's continue to climb up the
rooftop of this support structure and
then when it gets the rooftop then I
tear it carefully it still flows
downward it refers to easy no vision as
an open greenhouse tomatoes grow best
under conditions of much light and warm
temperatures course tomatoes requires
very stable condition should not be very
hot and even worse when it's wet because
it was what they call damping according
to probe the first trust to get all of
quality seeds and then prepare Nestle
bread that's one definition of hybrids
hybrids are not sold in grams neither
result in kilogram they assured in count
and the maximum seed count for this
special tomato is 1,000 feet the
pharmacy is
is important he leaves at least 15
centimeters between glows then covers
the seeds later with soil and mulch is
the bed with dry grass if in their
previous Eva tomato splattered in that
specific idea to break later this psycho
you don't put their tomatoes again
course tomatoes as you can see a so
highly susceptible to fungal diseases
bacterial wilt ended and c1 was if you
got the bacteria with you would us the
bed thoroughly on the day before he saw
the seeds the crop is ready for
transplanting to the already prepared
garden efficient one to 30 days and now
your transplant and exactly after 75
days from their transplant you're
picking the first set of tomato in the
process of transplanting Juli emphasizes
proper spacing and recommend 75 by 75
centimeters itself it through time now
started feeding then your top graph with
the era winner but not forgetting use of
fungicide to protect the plant from
fungal diseases the powdery mild do the
blight the root rot if in manually
supports the tomatoes on a truce of
stream and impose this part are placed
to meet us apart from a square now
having from this truck here you get
balls running across to give it strength
and then a mess of wire preferably
barbed wire we prefer Bubb web because
it's more strong and it's double it has
the capacity knowledge tomato is very
heavy it can we apply about kilograms
per tomato plant so if you're having a
extra it pulls it down cheap rope in
four sizes that watering and pruning the
crop is key when pruning your moves or
return branches and circles to allow for
maximum installation and control pests
insects and diseases can be a big
problem and in fact site for example you
can say I got an attack of address these
are thrips very deadly pests
chop rope is convinced that the open
greenhouse method is the best because it
reduces good yields and
good income I don't average since the
time of harvesting I do between 100 and
200 fella
every single day not per week every day
not how a guy even have red tomatoes for
picking as you can see the farmers
become a model to be viewed and receives
many vistas from far and wide but most
of our friends there you involved in
simple things I call them simple thing
sports betting that selling land by
bora-bora alkali economy starring into a
bora-bora economy you cannons are being
urged to engage more in a culture which
is the mainstream of the economy to
prepare this voice to this song saying
he believes it will provide jobs for the
youth and go a long way in dealing the
problem of unemployment - too much cosy
ntp
you