is it only kiss yeah what's up guys this
is really worth recording right now
brother okay I need to give Steve a
chemical don't even know how to operate
this like Mic Check Mic Check working we
go oh my god come on guys wake up
missionaries wake up Steve Carano
operate this thing I don't know just get
up here
hurry oh that's not Frank let's go and
I'm happy we finally have cameras bro
finally like gosh oh wait I want to say
to everyone out there stop coming to our
house stop alright this is not funny
like this is serious
alright you cannot be coming on our
property like that like this is private
property like spray just look guys so oh
oh no that's disrespect right there man
every army
bro there is no way this is real
there's no way dude come on not only
that like our cars are out here do you
ever feel like did something to our cars
like this is not right like we they do
it's the only thing dobri yeah we should
go check on the whole house I'd be back
I'm gonna go check on the whole house
okay guys do not come on our property
anymore like next time I don't know
we're gonna have to do but it's not safe
for you guys come on our property this
is our private property all right so you
got to watch out don't come out here
anymore
wait is this true this is for real man
and we have security to they have
authority to do whatever is necessary to
protect us so do not come to our house
anymore this is not right okay all right
oh this this is permanent where is it I
don't know dude by the way toberomi
sorry I just woke up I haven't shaved my
mustache yet but oh my gosh
yo let's check the camera we have a
camera now yeah we do right now right
there we can check it now should we even
show them that like what if someone else
tries to come here and break the camera
uh-huh just came here to give us this
message like that's so disrespectful I
wouldn't be surprised
hopefully the camera got something man I
don't know clowns this like we should
the cameras but like we're throwing a
mask like we can't even know who it is
no we need to check the cameras man
maybe we could get a license plate
we need like cops here all right what we
got to do after we check footage is when
to call the cops and we're gonna send
Senate report in right that's we're
sending a freaking report in I don't
know how some people know where we live
but like just respect our privacy like
this is our house and like that's
disrespectful to our to the dobre army
and like our family and our fans like
especially they're like fighting dobut
on me sucks like that's not cool
I'll just go check the cameras yeah I
really want to see this person is
okay so weird our surveillance room now
and as you can see we have the footage
from the driveway so we're about to
rewind and this might take a while to
find the footage because I happen in the
middle of the night we're assuming right
so once we rewind it we're gonna show it
fullscreen and then I'm gonna look
through the footage together guys so
we're gonna rewind it now okay so we
were winded the footage it's about 2:00
a.m. but why they're like footprints all
those footprints there yeah that's why
walking around the house exactly like
we're to do it no so you think you
walked around the house it looks like
the like the security like what the heck
oh dude did you just scratch my car with
something is that him
obviously like are you the thing is the
paint things in spray cans
bro what died that's them wait yeah
that's the blood-red pain
you know he's been the garage right now
she is mask I mean it's hard to see cuz
his black he's doing all black it's not
things he's a ninja or something man
come on now
and now what he's writing Dobby armies
sucks right on the garage you definitely
not like dude honestly I don't know what
you guys got lucky he didn't break down
your cars yeah but you might have
scratch to know I didn't look at my car
like you know I think about it
like eat our cars Lucas come on now yeah
I know it's the same dang dude so the
footprints were there we were wired the
footage and then we just rewind the
footage to this part we saw like a
figure well he's looking at the camera
he spotted me explain we're looking
inside to see if anyone's make if anyone
was away how do you have like the how
can you just do this man like where did
he come from all those your whose
footprints are those though they're not
his obviously because it's coming
through the cars I mean he played one
for I walked around it oh yeah it's
probably the bus no we might have to
search the camera maybe he came in like
even earlier to like wherever we went to
bed jae-hee you think he spots the
camera bro that's weird
dude dang he's been there for a while is
sketchy I wonder why I get on the garage
bug this is a great friend of our cars
he booked it man tank guys I don't know
I don't know did he come back
that's very sketchy like I'm gonna go
check on my car he scratched because he
walked right into her car Lucas I don't
know by the way everyone this is real
footage this isn't a prank we notify you
guys whenever we do pranks and stuff
like that and this is like this is
serious and people have been just coming
onto our property and I do not so much
at my apartment
yeah get awfully usually permanent it's
always permanent the next person who
comes through is gonna be done I tell
you that all right turn on the water
hose I did have to chase someone down
today with my car and I did get their
license plate and we call the
authorities
so don't trespass anymore there's a lot
of signs you should know that you know
what it was like kind of foggy last
night like so it might be a little wet
maybe they'll come off just spray it all
down first I don't know that's dad
that's here dude at this point Matt I'm
like aware of everything like that's
weird like yeah dad Mogis go get the
Gator so we can show them yeah go get
him hey and I was like at this point
like I don't trust anyone that's here
anymore our parents come here every
morning I like check up on the chickens
and stuff the Ducks to go like it's
leaving it's gonna leave a stain bro I'm
not gonna have this on our garage for
get that dude we got to repaint this
like that's just respectful looks good
to me
I know scratches but then she didn't you
do like a protection thing did I did
opti code on my car so protects the
clear coat
oh okay so you go back to bed now
I parents are coming too while they even
brought the goat along did you see this
oh my god who did this like to suck
their name bro I get to rub that thing
man
well you know something it's just paint
we've gotta clean up no big deal they
can't nobody could bring you guys down
we got the guy on camera too though but
you can't see his face is ring a mask
yeah it's gonna be tough to get out all
right y'all go check it out we take your
dog it's fine I just
let's just stop all right guys see you
later they're coming off it is coming
off we have to rub it a little bit
though
[Music]
our