[Music]
okay I just finished meditation class
I've got in the car everybody says to go
to the chalk paint place on Oak Bay AB I
pulled everybody on meditation class all
the wonderful ladies there the all if I
go there don't go anywhere else so
that's where I'm headed now in case
you're wondering welcome to the vlog
thanks so much for watching this week
please subscribe and give the video a
thumbs up if you liked it last week lots
of you asked about the changes that I'm
making in my homes so I felt extra
pressure to paint the new kitchen table
and chairs that we got I'm going to tell
you all about that and right now I'm
going to go and get the chalk paint so
that's what we're doing and let's go
okay so I'm back from Home Depot we
decided to go against a store from Oak
Bay the prices there we're quite high
and we're able to do it for about a
third of the price by going to Oak Bay
Home Depot and Dollarama
so okay that's a lot less expensive
about a third of the price so I ended up
getting this chalk paint the same price
to get the chalk paint at Home Depot as
regular paint and got this nice white
it's actually called a gray these chalk
paint come in kind of six colors but we
were able to find the colors that we
were looking for and then this coastal
blue and also the finishing paste is
finishing wax as well and then we got
the sanding blocks and the brushes and
things at the dollar store so the first
thing I have to do is to give the
furniture a really good clean so that is
first up and does I'll give you a chance
to see what it looks like before I also
did a little V roll of what it looked
like before and
I think it's an absolutely gorgeous day
of polyglot time in there painting
outside
[Music]
okay first chairs on that took me about
30 minutes tim says that's about 20
minutes too long so I don't see him
stepping up and volunteering to help but
just offering criticism so that's
helpful
cheep-cheep so I left the middle two
bars in the on the back and on the
bottom because I'm going to do blue
there and I think I'm going to do a
second coat as well so not really 30
minutes probably more but I'm going to
move along to another chair
[Music]
okay so four chairs are done and now it
is time to start the table okay
Jen's been working hard there in the
background thumbs up if you liked the
video okay I finished the first coat and
I got the accent color on now and Tim's
wanting a break so I'm going to take a
break in make some dinner and then I'll
come back and do just a little a second
coat some of it needs a little just
little touch-ups and then the top coat
and then I think we'll be done so good
thing it's long days right now in June
here good morning
I this is a new day got up this morning
and I just rest on the furniture took a
80 grit sandpaper square went around the
edges and just to stress some of the
edges so that it looks more natural and
I think it looks a lot better now and so
now I'm going to be doing the waxing
finish putting on a couple layers on the
top of the table and then all over the
chairs and table and then this should be
the left step so after last week's
silent retreat I mentioned I had a
renewed confidence to slow down and do
some things that I've been putting off
tackling for a long time and then a lot
of you asked me what they were so I'm
going to tell you that one of the things
that I hadn't done was hang these
pictures that were kind of all Higley
pigley like that was one of the things
that I had been putting off tackling and
so I just slowed down got out the
hammers pulled up the nails and lined up
those photos but honestly that was one
of the things that I was was a big
stumbling block for me the other thing
that I did that I wanted to show you was
at my altar now I have this empty chair
and now it's redone nicely to that is
the empty teachers chair so that chair
sits there it's empty for my teacher
when I sit and I do my meditation it's
there for the lineage of teachers for my
teaching meal for Reggie rave for
ch√∂gyam trungpa rinpoche but it also
sits empty and available always for my
inner teacher so it's a really beautiful
thing that you can do beside your altar
to put an empty chair so that your
teachers can always show up including
your inner teacher okay the other thing
that often overwhelmed me is interior
decorating timrie gonna sit there and
take credit for all of this now okay so
um you know I would never get started at
decorating because this completely
overwhelmed me so when I came back I was
so inspired by the lighting on the
stairwell which I don't know why because
was a straight light box right here I I
was so overwhelmed by interior
decorating but then I was so inspired by
community that I decided I wanted to set
up a space for us eat together the
family so I'm really pleased with how
this turned out it did take me almost 24
hours to do this Scott including
sleeping so it's about 12 hours I
finished this in 12 hours and now we
have a really nice place for our family
to sit him and I will often take
breakfast together now because we have
time to have breakfast together and we
often come together for lunch event and
I we spent all our days together and we
can sit down have dinner together and
it's so nice to have that time you know
so many times in our culture we're all
pursuing individualist pursuits or honor
electronic devices but this is a space
that we can come together in
conversation and and talk and tell our
stories and it's really nice for it to
be a nice place now so I hope you like
this vlog if you liked it give it a
thumbs up let me know what you liked
about it in the comments and I will see
you next week it was it was a
hard-working look for me I'm not sure
I'll do a DIY like this again but
probably be back out in the forest again
next week see you next week
be sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications I thought it a vlog like
this every single Monday