hey guys what is going on today today we
got a brand new product for 2016 it's
from Ken Baker and the folks up there
Turtle Wax they sentence to me about a
month or so ago if you saw on so much or
wax box on the wall an unboxing packed
is that they sent this to me to try out
well
unfortunately I had no rubber floor mats
to go ahead and try this out to well
because my firstborn son was just born
last Sunday week ago it's Easter as
today as I make this my mom came into
town will guess what my mom has Nair
cars
yes Buffalo Bills rubber floor mats aw
is that that's it we're trying it on my
mom's car and it worked out perfectly
I've already detailed her car you can
see how many videos are different
products on her car and this is the last
day she's gonna be here is the last
thing I figured we'd go ahead and clean
so if you guys are from Buffalo you know
exactly where she's from she's from
Rochester born and raised and move down
south Florida back in the 70s and that's
where I was born down there so for all
you Buffalo fans yeah okay y'all let me
give me a thumbs up be like you know I
know what you were you're from anyways
guys I'll show it to you really close
this is before you can see before and
after this is penetrates dirts
grease salt stains Oh directs technology
leaves car fresh I'll see what you guys
says that here's the directions for best
results first vacuum or rinse off floor
mats I did vacuum and liners remove any
loose dirt shake well so you can well
spray directly onto soil area using the
attached brush firmly screw a scrub foam
into the grooves and crevices of the
floor mats until stains are removed wipe
with a clean damp cloth to remove
foments oil for heavily soiled surfaces
repeat action says test clean her first
inconspicuous area if adversely affected
we refrained from use so guys I'm gonna
go ahead and up everything I've already
vacuumed off you could say there's a
little bit dirt still left in there of
course because the vacuum is just not
gonna get it off and so I'm gonna go
ahead and get myself a wet rag and
everything going on here
and then we're gonna go to the next step
you're gonna see me apply it and start
wiping off so as you can see right here
I already have my damp cloth here it's
white rag ready to go I am ready to go
I'm gonna go and shake it all the way up
make sure it's mixed up pretty good and
I'm gonna go ahead and spread it on and
when it's trying to actually dig in
there with the stuff and go from there
so here we go yeah I love foam guys if
you don't know me by now for my channel
time a foam monster I love home it just
tells me to me the product is working
when I see a lot of foam like I know
it's goopy I'm sure it's working anyways
but it's just me alright that's just my
taste so now I'm gonna get in there now
I'm gonna go ahead shake it all up
trying to get these Buffalo Bills to be
a winning team for once what do you
think Colonel ice can help them even
though turn elects when Chicago not like
that not like Chicago Bears are much
better anyways right I'm just following
the good result of doing guys you can
see the bruise in the mat I just follow
in the grooves and really get in there
good
I can see the dirts getting really Brown
and it's starting to really pull it out
there that's what I want to see I want
to see these things getting absolutely
plain you got I mean all right guys
that's another thing you can see how
dirty it is let's go ahead try start
wiping it down real quick here wiping it
down now I'll tell you real quick here
guys if this is my own thing I'm
thinking about doing is just going to go
ahead and spraying it down with the hose
and then come back to dry off any excess
because that way I know it's done the
dirts all been loosened up you can see
it's already coming off really good here
on my wet damp rag and you can just see
it's just sucking up that you know it's
it stuff's nasty okay it's really dirty
so I know what all the dirt is actually
coming up so give me a second here guys
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do my own
thing I'm gonna go ahead spray it down
just remove the rest is loose balm stuff
it's just dirty and now I'll come back
and I'll show you the final results
that's all I'm gonna do no trick behind
the camera or anything and we'll be
right back two seconds all right guys
here we go I'm just washing it all down
guys and I'm just washing it all down
remember you saw I've got sprayed
already I just wanna listen to me this
is why that's why I love rubber floor
mats they're just so easy to clean up
and you know the turtle wax spray is
getting in there and it's loosening up
everything for me so all I have to do
now just wipe it all down dry it we're
good to go that's the cool thing about
rubber floor mats look at that easy and
I having to dry it and look at it look
at the comparison this side of course
hasn't been touched yet it's really
dirty still that sides been clean you
might not be able to see it in the
camera but trust me it is fully cleaned
here and this side hasn't even been
touched as you guys know so there you go
I'll give you I'll dry it off real quick
and show you the final results but wow
dude look at that it's a night and day
difference all right so let me finish up
this side dry them off we'll be good to
go
stay tuned alright guys welcome back
time for those final results as you can
see here the mics have all been dried
out and they're all cleaned you saw
step-by-step how I did it I recommend
definitely just washing it off with the
hose afterwards a lot of people do ask
that ninety to ask Ken Baker this why do
we just wash them off of the hose in
there
he said it actually helps loosen up the
dirt protect it and so that's good
enough reason for me you know what it's
not expensive I think this is $5 u.s.
and it definitely did get in the grooves
which is a pain in the tail because
sometimes like you said we saw it back
to me he doesn't get it all and then
with water hose it might not get it all
down I know you guys are gonna be the
skeptics out there well why don't you
use a pressure woes pressure washer
because 90% of people don't own pressure
washers in their car in their house so
get over it that's what I don't
understand why people always complain
about that anyways guys there you go
there's some final results the Buffalo
Bills are fully cleared off clean may
they might actually have a winning
season this year I would bet on it maybe
with Chicago's help they can actually
have a winning season but there you go
guys there's a final results can Baker
out there and Turtle Wax I appreciate
you guys always sending this stuff to me
I'm glad to get to try it out for you
guys it worked out perfectly I mean look
at it nice and dark rich block again all
over again ready to go my mom's car
ready to head back up to North Florida
where she lives and just for a just for
you guys to know that what they say what
the proof is always in the pudding
looking out dirt it is dirty this thing
was this thing was disgusting okay so
there you go guys thanks so much for
watching if you did like it and if you
did help you out to give me a thumbs up
I do appreciate it and guys I will see
you all at the very next video take care
y'all