okay guys we're going to make a simple
dish called Parmesan crisp it's very
simple all we needed some Parmesan
cheese so as you can see i have grated
some Parmesan cheese here and what we're
going to do is head over to the stove
now you need a nonstick pan to cook this
I don't have a nonstick pan so I'm going
to use my griddle plate which i'm likely
going to rub a little bit of oil you
don't you're not supposed to pour oil
but because i don't have a nonstick pan
i'm going to lightly rub some oil on my
griddle but what you do you have a
non-stick pan and we're going to head
over to the stove and i'll show you what
you would do next so I'm just going to
lightly rub my brother as you can see is
very light not much oil because you're
really not supposed to use any oil for
this if you have a non-stick pan you
would not have used any oil at all I'm
hoping that that works there so all you
simply do is sprinkle with parmesan
cheese on it round
can a pancake
right I'm going to leave that to bubble
as you see there
so that's why with this you really need
a non-stick pan to do this all right so
as we see it's bubbling there what I'm
going to do now let's turn it off and
take it off the stove and we're gonna
set us up set it aside to cool
completely you need to gather stuff cool
completely so this is it here so I'm
just going to leave it here to cool
completely and then i will show you what
you will do next
you
do you notice I allowed my Parmesan
crisp stood cool completely and I used a
knife and I was able to walk it off the
griddle so now all you have to do is you
just place it here wanna play it and you
can just cut it so that stiff but we can
just cut it into little bite-sized
pieces but what I'm going to do with my
one is uh actually I'm going to crumble
it up and put it on top my salad but um
there you have it this is how it's done
Parmesan crisp is very tasty it's a bit
hard to cut through dough but um it's
very nice and crunchy as you can see you
can eat hold it high that and just take
a bite so I hope you and enjoy this
recipe be short or shared with family
and friends don't forget to give the
video a thumbs up and if you haven't
subscribed already to my youtube channel
please don't forget on my youtube
channel page to click on the subscribe
button okay bye for now