hey guys as you know I love Hot Pot I
consider Hot Pot an essential part of
life I mean for me to live what do I
need I need water food uh sweep and I
think Hot Pot really encompasses all
that I mean think about it with hot pot
you have a good balance of vegetables
and meat you have an awesome soup face
which is your liquid and uh for me after
I eat it it puts me directly into a food
coma and there's my sleep so typically
my hot pots diet is H once a week
regardless of whether it's winter or
summer and of course I'm one of those
who believe you can eat hot pot any time
of the year I never understood people
that said oh it's too hot to eat hot pot
it's too hot outside well you're not
like eating hot pot outside in the heat
but even if I was outside I still eat
hot pot but as much as I love Hot Pot I
never really liked Shabu Shabu which is
really weird because Shabu Shabu is Hot
Pot it's the Japanese version of Hot Pot
I always felt that the Shabu shabo's
broth is not very flavorful uh I felt
the dipping sauce was lacking in general
I just didn't think it tasted as good as
regular Chinese hot pot but I'm sitting
at a Shabu Shabu place right now in Los
Angeles because I was walking around uh
Little Tokyo last night and I was
walking by Shabu Shabu places and it
looked really good so it got me really
curious and I figure maybe it's just
that uh Shabu Shabu is not good in New
York City maybe it's really awesome in
La so I wanted to give this another
chance so I'm sitting here at Moki Shabu
Shabu somewhere in Los Angeles around my
hotel and this place got really good
ratings on Yol so uh I'm really excited
to give this truck I ordered a um a what
they call a dual set which meant that I
got the these two types of beef one is
the bellly and the other is a top blade
cut what I noticed right away is that
both of the meats are already marinated
which is something you don't usually
find in Chinese hotot and for the broth
I opted for the fire crab I don't know
what that really means but it had two
words I really liked it had crab and it
had fire so I figured that been spicy so
take a look at my broth here's my broth
it looks like it has blue crab inside
Chili Peppers uh lemon so I'm expecting
this broth to be spicy
and citrusy this is really cool this is
a drink they have here they have a soda
mixed with fruit juice I'm really
actually excited about this but check
out all the spice they gave me this
thing right here contains scallion
garlic and spicy radishes and here we
have you know my love the hot oil sesame
oil spice soy sauce and what they also
did was they grounded uh fresh sesame
seeds and they mixed that with Sesame
paste and here is the traditional ponu
sauce which is like a c Citrus seeds Joy
sauce and the rice they give me has
three different types of rice in here
for the vegetables is pretty typical uh
got a couple things in here I really
don't like uh broccoli and Taro but you
know I'll survive first thing I'm going
to do is put in some slices of
beef and kale this is the first time I'm
going to be trying kale in a hot pot
where shabby shab environment this is
really weird never had this before
inside a hot pot
Corn's always
good
mushrooms ooh yeah Hong that's always
nice you know what I'm just going to
dump this whole thing in there as you
guys know I am a dumper wow this is
really
good this is like a Mojito of sorts
typically for a Chinese hot pot I'm the
sauce master I know exactly what I need
I know the portions to make it taste
good here I'm not so sure so I'm kind of
inclined to try the sauces on own and
then maybe uh mix and match but I think
for my ponzu it looks a little Le you
onedimensional so I am going to add some
garlic and spicy radishes you can't go
wrong with scallions ever so let's give
that a
try oh wow that's really citrusy this is
my top blade tendon Cuts let's try this
uh inside the Sesame past
wow they really good for me a good hot
pot or Shabu Shabu whatever you want to
call it it's really in the soup base and
also the ingredients they give you to
dip it in and that's obvious because
those are the only two things that
really adds flavor to your ingredients
but here I can really taste the marinade
inside the
beef and this sauce is spectacular I
need to know how to make this for a
Chinese hot poot because this is really
really good it's got in there I can
taste the soy sauce and the Sesame paste
is really really good quality here's the
piece of the fatty
beef let's try
that the meat quality is awesome um the
soup really puts a lot of citrusy flavor
into the meat which is really good in
Chinese hot pot there's not a lot of
soup base that has more of a citrusy
taste it's usually plain or just plain
spicy so let's try the kale which again
it's first time I'm having kale with my
hot poot
[Music]
[Applause]
wow this soup face really has a kick to
it okay let's try a piece of the beef in
my ponzo
sauce I don't typically eat ponzo sauce
I never consider that much of an option
inide a hot pot but uh this is really
good the biggest flavors that's coming
across from my hot pot is a lot of
citrus a lot of spice but the spice is a
onedimensional spice you know how you go
to a Chinese hot pot and you order spicy
hot pot and it's just like the hot pot
is l trying to kill you with spice but
here it's spicy but also it's citrusy
it's sour it's nice it's very flavorful
but you know what else I notied you
really do need rice if you're going to
use hot pot like this because the meats
marinated and the sauce they give you
they add even more flavor and uh I think
just eating these alone might be a
little too much and it actually goes
really well with a boil of rice and I'll
tell you guys another reason I never had
Shabu Shabu before is because uh for
Korean barbecues and uh h pots my
typical philosophy is I only go to all
you can eat places because I eat a lot
and I could eat like you know four five
six plates of meat and it's just not
worth it for me to go to places where I
have to pay for the meats individually
but I got to say I'm going to try some
udom here I got to say the quality of
the meat in the
ingredients you can really taste that
and that's something that uh you can
tell at all you can eat hot pop places
you know Chinese hot pop places the meat
quality isn't the best he's a broccoli
yeah I'm just going to go ahead and put
that back into the hot pot just let that
boil till it dies and there's no more
broccoli left on this Earth I just went
ahead and ordered more meat because
typically I eat like you know 20 lbs of
meat here's the thing I still wish
somebody would come up with a all you
can ye Shabu Shabu Place uh that would
make me really happy but I got to say
Shabu Shabu The Taste is really there
this is really legit and I'm thinking
that Shabu Shabu is way more healthy I
feel there's a much bigger emphasis on
vegetables because me wise there's only
like a few different cuts of beef and
some seafood if you go to a Chinese hot
pot obviously there's like 20 billion
types of meat they have like 20
different types of fish balls alone I
feel like here there's a lot more
emphasis on vegetables there's kale the
rice is all like you know healthy with a
black rice and the brown rice mixed in
with the white you know what that means
I can eat more here and not have to feel
so bad for example I just ordered a meal
for two but since it's so healthy it's
really like I just ordered a meal for
one here's what my meal for two haa
looks like it's basically overflowing
with all the stuff I shoved inside again
I'm a dumper so everything's in here and
they're going to do something really
cool with this soup after I'm done
getting too I'm really excited about
that right now I'm feeling the Hot Pot
effect that means I'm sweating my nose
is running from the spice this is what
you want out of hot pot right here so
now they're taking the leftover soup and
uh they're going to make me rice with
Squid Ink porge so there's some carrots
um diced carrots a little bit of um
onion and then I'm going to add green
onion and sesame oil again so Squid Ink
yeah and Squid Ink does squid in even
have flavor it has a little bit of
flavor it's like a little tiny bit
[Music]
spicy today I ate two people serving
some Shabu shaboo feel like I need to go
to sleep right away and uh but there's
still something I need to eat this is
the squid ink rice with my uh whatever's
left over inside my soup and the hot pot
um so this infused all the stuff that
I've been eating all day because you got
to the soup at the end of the hot pot
because that's when all the flavor is in
the soup it tastes the best so that's
all in here with some Squid Ink uh so
let's give this a
[Applause]
[Music]
try this is really interesting so um
they put some carrots in here so this is
kind of sweet of course right now it's
at a very thick coni porridge like State
and typically I don't really like salty
porridge or Kani because I'm from
Northern China we typically eat sweet
kanji um so yeah this is a little weird
to me but the taste is pretty good I
think most people would actually really
like this the biggest differences I see
between Shabu Shabu and regular Chinese
hot pot is one the soup base is
different um two the sauces are
definitely different I think the
ingredients um in Shabu Shabu is higher
quality uh I feel like there's a more
emphasis on uh the natural flavors and I
feel like there's a lot more emphasis on
non meat items I think the soup base in
particular like the Chinese soup base um
a lot of it is pretty typical through
throughout any place you go to so you
typically get like a non-spicy and a
spicy side when you go to Chinese hot
pot and the flavors you know um some of
them might not taste that good some of
them might taste okay but the flavor
profile is about the same across the
board I feel like Shabu Shabu soup based
they put a lot more emphasis on all the
ingredients that goes inside at least
this place does and I definitely do feel
like Shabu Shabu is a lot healthier I
feel like there's less oil less grease
if I eat this much food at a regular
Chinese hot pot um I'm dying I'm rushing
home to crash into a food coma which I
still want to right now but I definitely
don't feel like what I ate was as heavy
as a regular Chinese hot poot place I
feel like this place is really good I
have all their information in the
description box below and uh you know I
definitely didn't realize how big one
portion was so maybe getting two
people's portion wasn't the best idea it
looked pretty small on the plate but
with anything you know once it goes into
your stomach it expands and I think I
think all that udone really killed me
I'm going to go back to my hotel and I
think I'm going to sleep for the rest of
the day
uh but like I said Hot Pot it gives you
food uh liquid and sleep thanks for
watching Everybody I'll see you later