hi guys welcome to the feel-good kitchen
I am Jacqueline King and I'm really
excited today because I'm doing my first
youtube video and today we're going to
make some of my absolute favorite drinks
with cashew milk so once you learn how
to make your own nut milk you're never
gonna want to buy the store-bought stuff
again it has a lot of additives a lot of
times and unnatural ingredients so this
is a lot more delicious first of all
which is the most important thing and
super quick and easy so I'll show you
how so we're starting off with 1 cup of
soaked and rinsed cashew nuts and to
that we're going to add 3 cups of
filtered water and then we're just going
to blend that starting on low and then
bringing it up to high for 2 minutes
and that's it that's delicious creamy
cashew milk the great thing about
cashews is that you don't usually have
to strain them if you've soaked them so
this is unsweetened and I like to keep
this in the fridge it's great on granola
or if you want to add some creaminess to
soups or sauces but then I also like to
use half of it to make a vanilla
flavored milk and that's my favorite
thing to drink my coffee in the morning
so I'm just going to take half of this
which is going to be 2 cups and to this
I just add about a teaspoon of vanilla
extract and a teaspoon of maple syrup
and you can add more or less if you like
it sweeter and then just a little tiny
pinch of sea salt it really brings out
the flavor it's delicious
and that is ready to go for tomorrow
morning so now with our unsweetened
cashew milk we can make one of my
favorite drinks which is a strawberry
rose flavored milk it might sound a
little bit strange a rose flavoring but
it is so wonderful with strawberry I
actually had that for the first time as
a gelato flavor in Italy so I decided to
try to recreate a similar flavor here so
we start off with one cup of the
unsweetened passional and to that we're
just going to add a half a teaspoon of
vanilla extract and one teaspoon of
honey so next we're gonna add the
rosewater this has a really concentrated
flavor so you just want to add a drop at
a time you just want to use about two or
three drops add four ripe strawberries
now we're just gonna blend that up so
I'm just gonna give it a little taste to
make sure the flavors are all balanced
okay so I like to serve this over ice
and I like to finish with a little fresh
mint leaf and a slice of strawberry and
then another drizzle of honey so next
we're going to make salted caramel
cashew milk and it literally just has
three ingredients so we start off with
one cup of the unsweetened cashew milk
and to that we're going to add 2 medjool
dates these are what gives it that
incredible sweet caramel flavor and I
know you wouldn't think that dates will
taste like caramel but mixed with the
creamy richness of the cashew milk it
really really does just tastes like
caramel deliciousness I'm just gonna add
a little pinch of sea salt so start off
with just a little bit and you can
always add more and that's it we just
blend it up for a few seconds
just gonna taste it so it has the
perfect balance of the sweet with the
salty and the creamy okay and the last
drink we're going to make is one that I
absolutely love because it is really
chocolaty but it also has a little bit
of spice and a little bit of smokiness
from the smoked salt that we're using
and smoked salt is just exactly that it
is salt that has been smoked so you can
find it at most grocery stores we're
going to use cacao powder to give us
that really rich chocolatey flavor and
it has a lot of antioxidants it actually
has a higher antioxidant rating than
blueberries I love this one because you
can drink it either cold or hot my
favorite is to drink it hot like a hot
coco spicy though alright so we're going
to start off with 1 cup of cashew milk
and this is per serving and see that
we're going to add one heaping teaspoon
of cacao powder maybe just a little more
why not pinch of cinnamon and cardamom
just add some warm spicy flavor and a
teaspoon of vanilla extract
and this is ready to go just like this
but I like to add a little bit of heat
I'm Mexican so I like my chocolate to be
really spicy so I'm going to add just a
pinch of cayenne and a bit of smoked
salt
I love the smokiness that this adds to
the chocolate flavor and that's ready to
go you can serve this over ice but again
it's wonderful heated so I'm just gonna
heat this up on the stove for just a
couple of minutes you just want to bring
it to a simmer you don't have to boil it
or anything and I love to finish it with
just a bit of fresh grated nutmeg all
right and that is our cashew milk five
ways I hope you guys try them and love
them thank you so much for watching you
can subscribe for more great recipes if
you have any problem finding any of
these healthy ingredients you can check
out my partner thrive market and they
deliver nationwide right
you