[Music]
the sun is shining the birds are
chirping and
your alarm is blaring must be the
morning to have a productive day there
are things you should do every morning
and no this doesn't include chugging
copious amounts of coffee will you be
able to fit these activities into your
morning routine watch to find out don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life
5. drink a glass of water when you wake
up in the morning what's the first thing
you do check your phone get up and brush
your teeth if you're not gulping down a
nice tall glass of water you're doing
yourself a disservice there are many
reasons why drinking water first thing
in the morning is a fantastic idea
drinking water just after you wake up
sets your body up for smooth digestion
throughout the day after a night of
sleep you've probably not gone to the
bathroom for at least five to eight
hours so regular digestion hasn't taken
place drinking water at this time helps
flush out any toxins that have been
sitting in your belly while you were
sleeping and since you haven't eaten
anything yet this flush is very smooth
and effective drinking water first thing
in the morning is also a great idea if
you're watching your weight because it
can get your metabolism going this
enables your body to burn more calories
throughout the day to make this even
more effective try squeezing some lemon
into your water not only does it taste
great but this flavored water will make
you feel a little fuller so you don't
scarf down an overly large breakfast
lastly according to a 2011 study from
the university of sydney drinking more
water can lower your risk of getting
chronic kidney disease and other bodily
issues overall the more water you
consume the better your body functions
so it makes sense to start the day off
with a glass of this stuff however be
sure the water is at room temperature
and not too cold if it's ice cold
drinking it first thing in the morning
may give you a little stomachache
[Music]
4. eat a healthy breakfast
while chowing down on a big bowl of
fruit loops in the morning sounds
awfully appealing this sugary breakfast
does nothing to help your body
throughout the day it may give you a bit
of an energy jolt at first but when your
blood sugar level drops after a couple
of hours you'll crash and be tired and
hungry again instead of sugary treats
opt for a more nutritious breakfast oats
for example
oats are a great source of protein and
they're great for healthy digestion
that's because they're full of healthy
vitamins minerals and complex
carbohydrates that digest slowly in your
system keeping your blood sugar levels
steady adding fruit to your bowl of oats
is a great way to bring delicious flavor
to your breakfast opt for fruits like
blueberries raspberries and strawberries
since they contain less sugar than other
fruits they're also rich in antioxidants
if you're not a big fan of sweets when
it comes to breakfast eggs are a great
source of protein and can keep you
fuller for longer scramble some eggs
with fresh spinach and onion for a tasty
breakfast is it just me or are you super
hungry all of a sudden
three get up as soon as your alarm goes
off there's truly no sound worse than an
alarm going off except for when it goes
off a second
and third time
if you're a frequent user of the snooze
button you know exactly what i'm talking
about
while tempting hitting the snooze button
does way more harm than good when it
comes to having a productive morning and
day when you fall asleep and wake up
again 10 or 20 minutes later you're
interrupting your sleep cycle which will
make you feel super groggy and
disoriented long after you get out of
bed try getting seven to eight hours of
sleep at night then as soon as the alarm
goes off get up and out of bed even if
it feels bad at first you'll thank
yourself later
two let the sun shine in when you first
wake up your eyes are fairly sensitive
to light so doing this may be tough but
it's important open the blinds your body
performs many functions throughout the
day like releasing hormones digestion
and more and it does this by knowing
that it's daytime if you keep the shades
drawn all morning and get ready in
darkness your body thinks it's not time
to function yet this delays your body's
natural rhythm and gets your day off to
a bad start and if you're trying to live
a healthy lifestyle doing this can lower
your bmi rate according to northwestern
university's dr phyllis z
simply open the blinds when you get
dressed or eat your breakfast so that
your body knows it's time to start the
day if the weather outside is
particularly dark and dreary turning on
the lights in your house will do just
fine rise and shine indeed
one get moving after a long night of
sleep your muscles and joints may feel a
little tight and stiff if you begin your
day without doing any stretching or
movement you're more likely to hurt
yourself later on since your body wasn't
warmed up doing mobilizing exercises in
the morning is a great way to prepare
your body for the day by lubricating the
joints and warming up the muscles try
these exercises in the morning and reap
the benefits
deep squat stand with your feet
shoulder-width apart bend down all the
way so that your butt is almost touching
the floor hold this position for 30
seconds if you're comfortable rock back
and forth and move slightly to get those
joints loosened up downward dog cobra
pose from the squat transition into the
downward dog pose put your arms out in
front of you straighten your legs and
lift your butt as if you're moving into
an upside down v shape pull your torso
toward your legs to get a good stretch
in your arms and shoulders although your
feet should sit flat on the ground feel
free to lift one heel at a time to
stretch out your legs and hips try not
to be too stiff after a few seconds
lower your torso to the ground lifting
your head up and back
this is known as the cobra pose and it's
great for stretching out your abdominal
muscles and mobilizing your spine and as
with all exercises don't forget to
breathe go back and forth between these
poses for 60 seconds ah
feel the burn
what do you do every morning to have a
happy productive day share your morning
routines with us we could all learn
something don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe stay on the bright
side