[Music]
hey everybody my name is Jean and I'm a
graphic designer and illustrator I've
been working in the industry for about
15 years and today we're going to
discuss some different ideas to
decoupage a glass jar so uh let's get
started so for this we're going to use
my favorite Colin mason jar and a couple
pictures of some astronauts and you can
see here we have some water with some
Elmer's glue in it and I got some
Elmer's Glue right there to show you
just so you have a visual representation
but basically all we're going to do is
mix the Elmer's glue in a little bit
with the water we want to get it nice
and
diluted um there you go this might even
be a little too much water but should be
okay because we want just a very thin
sort of see-through consistency actually
this will this will be just right kind
of looks like runny eggs kind of looks
like you probably should cook it for a
little bit longer before you eat it
or if you accidentally were making some
hardboiled eggs and you took it out too
soon and you were cracking the shell
this is what you might get uh but you
can see here I've gotten rid of most of
the uh most of the the thicker anomalies
and we've just really diluted that
Elmer's glue all right so now what we're
going to do is we're just going to take
our astronaut and just slap him right
here on the Colin mason jar and you just
want to paint over
him this is going to be pretty much all
there is to it uh you want to give him
some time to dry but the good thing
about Elmer's Glue whoops hold them on
there good thing about Elmer's glue is
it's basic it dries um nice and
transparent
so make sure you put put enough on there
and you might have to do two or three
layers that's fine uh as you cover him
in the Elmer's Glue he's going to stick
to the jar because the paper is going to
get wet and it'll stick nicely and
conform itself to the jar
and then when this dries it'll be
transparent and he will be permanently
stuck to your Colin mason
jar do that with uh with any picture you
want you can do it with a photographs
but if you're going to do with a
photograph I would say you should
probably print the photograph out in
your printer um you can do it with just
solid colors you can get some tissue
paper that that works really well um use
kind of a liberal amount of this glue
because you really want to get this nice
and soaking wet uh with the Elmer's Glue
so that it sticks against the jar and
this is a really messy craft as well so
make sure you have uh some clean up
fortunately Elmer's Glue just washes
right off it's not like if you use Crazy
Glue where you'd be sticking everything
to your fingers that'd be kind of
horrible but anyway just just brush it
along the uh along the the Colin mason
jar until it is flat and then let it dry
and it will be be dried in that position
it'll be stuck to your uh your Colin
mason jar forever so there you have it
just a very simple quick quick technique
and um few ideas there that you can
decoupage a glass jar with scrapbook
paper thanks for watching guys we'll see
you next time
[Music]