hi everyone welcome to easy recipes with
a twisted call my name is Victoria pack
and today I'm here with my friends at
recipe live.com who asked me to produce
a video on those beauties those are
Costa kabobs loaded with lamb and spices
and the house smells amazing you just
have to do it and you know in order to
make it you have to stay tuned for this
recipe you will need 1 part of a ground
beef extra lean and 1 pound of ground
level salt cayenne pepper coriander seed
ground paprika this is a human ground
cumin cinnamon parsley and a lot of
garlic really lots lots of garlic yeah
and I forgot of course black pepper
take your meat and add the garlic in at
least six cloves of garlic you can add
more now add parsley and let's start
with spices season with salt paprika a
lot of paprika about two teaspoons cumin
half a teaspoon
don't overpower cumin is too bright and
too vivid in the food and its can over
power all the other flavors so be
careful with this one black pepper
cayenne use at your discretion if you
like really spicy add more if you don't
just pinch will be more than enough now
add coriander seeds about a teaspoon and
half a teaspoon of cinnamon mix all very
well with your hands and then pop it to
a refrigerator for at least half an hour
or until it becomes cold and beautiful
okay let's take our skewers metal
skewers are classical for this recipe
and you see it should be flat one like
this one but if you have round one like
this it will work better and if you have
a wooden one you can use those but
preferable flat one take your meat and
the form sausage like formation or how
you call it put it in the middle and
start working it around the skewer
like so do one huge one and be sure that
it won't fall like this you see it's a
huge one I love this this way but you
don't have to do with you chicken do
couple of smaller ones that will be
absolutely okay so I'm doing two second
one put on preheated grill to
medium-high heat
four minutes later pop to the other side
and let it cook for another four minutes
if they're too large you can cook them
for 30 seconds on the sides as well if
not you can take them out and they are
already done and beautiful let's try our
creation it's still warm
succulent
the lab the spices the garnet I'm just
enjoying this so very much I really
really really hope you will give it a go
and don't forget to subscribe
yeah subscribe write me a comment thumbs
up me and Cheers
Victoria yes yes yes yes you know it
share my videos with all your friends
and family love you all please please
please please follow me on their
Facebook and Pinterest and everywhere
and Twitter and the links are down below
I love you all guys see you next time