hi this is Larry from today I want to
show you how to make your own little
organic fungicide from just basically
products first product that you want to
have is one have vegetable oil on baking
soda for the second one and a little bit
of organic so make sure that the organic
soap you choose is phosphate free has no
chlorine in it and has no ammonia in it
those are bad for your plants
Organic soap is the only one to use
there are a number of places where you
can get organic soap at the supermarket
just make sure it doesn't have those
three possible contaminants for your
plants add 3 tablespoons 2 to 3
tablespoons of vegetable oil 2 to 3
tablespoons of baking soda and 1
teaspoon to one and a half teaspoons of
organic soap to a one gallon container
of water shake it extremely well and
then distribute it to your plants the
soap will act as a repellent to insects
and helps distribute the baking soda the
oil also helps distribute the baking
soda and makes it stick well to the
plant so back to the surfactant to make
sure that you are distributes evenly in
the water and the baking soda is the
proven ingredient to actually act as a
fungicide as an added benefit the
vegetable oil also acts as a natural
insecticide making it difficult for
insects that are on up from your degree
eggplants are susceptible to both plugs
into fungus base diseases
similar to tomatoes and so what you want
to do is you want to give them a nice
treatment a fungicide fungicide that I
just showed you how to mix completely
natural space based on baking soda and
oil when you spray it on the plan
make sure you get under the leaves as
well as on the top a salute that's all
it's really needed to treat plant that's
Larry you two Guardians thank you very
much