hey guys if you're interested in making
t-shirts you've come to the right place
I'm going to do a little t-shirt
one-on-one with you about how to heat
press a t-shirt stay tuned
first I just want to show you my t-shirt
this is my what Condon queen t-shirt
that I made I got a lot of compliments
on it so I'm going to teach you how to
heat press t-shirts I'm going to do a
couple of videos a little later on about
how to you know print out a design how
to make your design on silhouette and
you know teach you a little bit so that
you won't have such a hard time like I
did in the beginning okay guys we are in
the basement this is where I have my
heat press machine I don't have an
office space for this because there's
just nowhere in the house for it we
don't have an extra bedroom that no
one's using so you have to put it where
you can so anyway this is in my basement
I just have a little corner my basement
this is actually like a little window
kind of thing in my basement near my
storage so this is where I stuck it for
now we're not finished with our basement
so this is a little station I have a
power heat press and you can go to WWE
he trusts calm or I got minds off of
Amazon and I'll put the price and
everything below so anyway here it is
and over here we don't have lights over
here but this is the power button and as
you can see the cord is coming out of
the back you want to put your heat press
near and outlet because this cord is
this short and I'm just gonna go ahead
and plug it up here
you don't want to put it on an extension
cord you don't want to attach your court
to an extension cord so it needs to be
near an outlet and it's gonna tell you
what bolts and all that stuff you know
that you need when the power press comes
so this is the little book that came
with mine and it's real simple it's
really thin okay so I use the book and
then also I use some tutorials but
anyway you're gonna go ahead and flip
the switch on and you want it set to 315
as you might have just seen that's what
I have mine set on right now it is at 66
degrees and it has to heat up so you
have to wait for it to heat up and I
have mine set to a 16 second heat press
and here are the buttons down here for
your temperature settings I hope you can
see that temperature settings and your
time you're gonna click the tip button
first and you're going to see the little
arrow on the left hand side and I'm
sorry I can't point to it right now
because I'm holding down the heat press
with one hand they're filming with the
other so you're gonna tap that first
button it says temp that's temperature
and you're going to then go ahead and
click start clicking on the up arrow and
you will take it to where you want it
sets you so if you want to set on 300
you know it might when you first turn it
on for the first time it might be on you
know 15 to 0 to 15 degrees so you're
going to click that button all the way
up until it says 300 or 315 degrees
whatever you need it to be you're going
to click it until it reaches until it
says that number and then for the time
you want to do the same I'm gonna click
the time button and you're going to then
go over one where you see the arrow up
button right
there and you're gonna click it up until
it says 16 seconds or however many
seconds you need your garment pressed
for so most of my t-shirts are 100%
cotton so what I do that's the setting
that was recommended 315 degrees for 16
seconds so that's what I have mines and
preset on it stays on that for the most
part okay and this pressure knob mines
kind of came already preset I really
didn't have to do a lot to it the
pressure is the amount of I wouldn't say
weight but the amount of pressure that
you want your shirts pressed at so that
the letters are the vinyl sticks so to
increase your pressure you're going to
do it clockwise to decrease the put the
pressure you're gonna do it counter
clock the heat press is heating up to
the temperature it needs to be you're
going to position your t-shirt on the
heat press and it's warm down here but
this up here is what's hot that's the
actual iron so you want to be careful
with your hands and everything but you
see where that nabhi is back there
that's the center that's where I use my
gauge for I don't measure and all of
that stuff I've always been pretty good
with you know just iron things and they
come out well so you want to make sure
the center of the t-shirt which this
time I'm making a v-neck and this is the
first time I'm doing a v-neck so you
want to make sure that V is in the
center with that retina and make sure
that on the sides you have the same
amount just kind of eye it make sure the
same amount of cloth is hanging off now
when you're pressing a shirt for a round
neck you want to take about a business
card size and that's where you want to
start your first set of letters right
here since is a v-neck you know scoops
down lower we're not gonna go that far
we're gonna go like half the size of a
business card I'm sorry I'm gonna make
go like half the size of a business card
right under that V so that's about an
inch and a half
so we're gonna scoop this up so that all
the letters and I'm gonna show you in a
second what I'm talking about so that
all of the design fits on here as much
as possible so we don't have to double
press I'm going to scoot this all the
way up so we have more shirt to work
with on here as you can see I have the V
all the way to the back and right now
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
ahead and it's not on there yet but I'm
gonna go ahead and press this for like
mmm six seconds to get the moisture out
and I'm not even going to clamp it down
that's about six seconds alright and
that way oh sorry about that way that
way you get the moisture out of the
shirt and your letters will stick
properly okay I have the vinyl here and
in another video I'm going to show you
about how to weed how to actually do a
design and then print the design and
weed the design so anyway I have
everything cut out right now since we're
just learning about pressing okay this
is sticky on this side so what you want
to do is make sure there are there's no
lint make sure that there are no little
specks of vinyl on there either because
that will press into your shirt I did
that one time
and I was able to fix it but you don't
want to do that
okay so we're gonna put this up kind of
near the V okay and Center it and then
we're gonna do the rest with all the
other letters and I'll come back and
show you what it looks like so you just
you're just kind of eyeing and measuring
if you measure you just kind of iron
make sure and everything a centered
we're gonna get the design on there
ready to press here we are with the
letters on and the little designs
there's one more design I have to put on
and that's gonna be at the bottom of the
shirt it could not fit
on to the platform so has to be pressed
again and as you can see it is centered
make sure that your shirt is straight
hanging off of there and like I said
it's equal on both sides and the middle
is where that be point is okay see my
tip of my crown is where that B is and I
can make sure everything is centered
also guys the sticky side is down so
you'll know when you come across my
other videos when I make how to you know
weed them out the sticky side is down so
that kind of keeps it from sliding and
we're gonna put a Teflon sheet over the
design and I can't do it on camera
because both hands need to do this so
basically what you're gonna do is you're
gonna cover this make sure nothing is
sliding and because you know it's the
sticky side is down it doesn't really
slide easy but you're gonna put this
over the design evenly while you heat
press it so that nothing gets scorched
or burned or anything like that and of
course now it's all set its preheated
it's 315 degrees and that is Fahrenheit
of course and we're gonna go ahead and
press Teflon placed over the design so
nothing scorches ever going to lock it
down takes a little muscle to do that
alright guys and that first press was
just for like four seconds
that's a pre press and that is so that
the letters adhere to the t-shirt but
we're going to take this plastic off
because if you don't take the plastic
off you know soon enough it gets those
you ever seen those indentations or
blocks in the shirt around the design
like squares or rectangles or whatever
around your design that's because of the
that plastic has been left on so you
want to just get the vinyl adhere to the
shirt and you want to take the plastic
off and this peels away I'm going to do
the rest
all right the design is adhere to the
shirt so I'm going to go ahead and put
the teflon sheet on top and finish
pressing it as you see this is glitter
and this is glitter know the accent at
the bottom is gonna be glitter too
Teflon is back on for the second press
I'm gonna go ahead
oh shoot we'll go ahead and press okay
by the time you get the handle down to a
certain point I thinks it starts
counting so you want to hurry up and
click it in but anyway I want to let it
go two more seconds because it wasn't
really pressing when I was okay now you
just yank the handle up and it comes up
okay and there we go that is so pretty
on a purple shirt white and silver so
there we go I'm gonna put where I get my
vinyl and everything from down in the
description box okay I'm gonna go ahead
and put on the other part of the design
this is the bottom part for the design
of the shirt as you do t-shirts more and
more you're gonna come up with little
crafty designs that you do in your own
that no one else does this little trick
here I'm not going to tell you
completely but I kind of take scraps
from my mind
lines that I cut and there are always
scraps left over we have to weed out
designs and stuff so some of the scraps
I use and these are scraps actually and
I just use them and make little pretty
designs on the shirt to add a little
extra oomph and originality to my
designs so these do not have the plastic
on the back because they were weeded out
so you do have to put the Teflon on
carefully for that okay as you can see
that design is straight on there too you
can see through the paper and I am just
going to put it on there just for a few
seconds I'm sorry like 10 seconds
because I've already heated this part of
the design so I'm not going to overheat
it but I just wanted to get this stuck
to the t-shirt and now I'm gonna finish
pressing it so it's a good press on
there won't come off so I'm going to
turn the shirt around so that it's you
know may might be included in there and
that's okay but I'm gonna go ahead and
turn it around there we go turn this
shirt around my turn turn the t-shirt
around see that's that hanging down so I
just want to press the bottom like I
said may as include it and that's okay
so I'm gonna go ahead and put a press on
there and I'm not going to leave it on
for the full 15 seconds because it's
already been pressed a little bit so
give that to that I'm gonna have to give
it a pretty hard yank
and there we go
Oh nicely done and here is the t-shirt
Oh nicely done and it's all centered
looks very pretty I hope you can see it
decently I try to get a picture of it
kind of further away in a second but I'm
letting it kind of you know just cool
off it is a purple shirt with white
riding and silver glitter crown silver
glitter accents here down at the bottom
and this writing is white also so came
out very nice alright got another one to
press but thanks for watching guys and
I'll see you right back here next time
on traces please subscribe