[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to stove sali√≥
today I wanted to go through how I made
the fairy garden cake so first of all is
the letters that I used to decorate the
cake I wanted to put some gum tragacanth
into the fondant icing and I'm using
Renshaw's here it makes it slightly
harder when it's drying and I use these
plastic letter cutouts to cut out the
style of lettering that I wanted so roll
your fondant icing out quite thinly the
thinner the better really into strips
and then you squash it down and flick it
out it does take quite a lot of practice
to get this right taking me probably
about five cakes worth of letters to get
this technique so you just squash it
down wiggle it around make sure it's in
the cutout properly and then you really
need to give it quite a hard flick I
have snapped some of these lettering
things before but it does take a while
to get used to but just practice and I'm
sure you'll master it so you can see how
I'm going through all of the letters of
my daughter's name that went onto the
cake you can obviously say anything you
want any name any celebration it doesn't
really matter but this is one of the
sort of more difficult things to master
with cake decorating is getting these
letters just right taking ages so moving
on to flowers now this is quite an easy
way of doing them really these little
pushers you can just get online they're
quite easy to use you just push them
down again into fondant icing done quite
thinly you really don't need it thick at
all it pops up and then you just use
this black pusher to push it out which
the flower then comes out of the mold at
the same time and it puts this little
indent in the center when you can then
put white fondant icing in the middle or
you can put a silver ball or any other
sort of decoration to make the stem
is it the stem common bond is called but
as you can see I'm making quite a number
of them here and I did them in various
colors for the fairy garden cake I also
used one large one and one smaller one
to give a bit of variety so onto the
Pixies or fairies or elves whatever you
want to call them I didn't actually
manage to film the actual making of
these because it was quite stressful but
essentially I used one larger ball of
brown fondant it could be any color
really and then a slightly smaller ball
of kind of skin color or whatever color
you want your fairies to be on top and
then I don't know if you can see with
it's a cocktail stick in there as well
and then I just did a round ball of
fondant for the face which is going to
go on top a tiny tiny round ball will
kind of more of an oval for the nose and
then I use these yellow and white tools
to make sort of indents for the eyes and
also to do a little smile so here you
can see I've put on some hair which is
just brown fondant rolled out and then
I've put blue in the eyes and then black
pen on top I've made little hats by
rolling them into cones and then making
a hole inside and put some grass on the
outside as well the hats I did leave to
dry overnight
they've got gum tragacanth in as well to
make them a bit harder and to stick as
they are you can see here I actually
changed the eyes over the next day so I
didn't think that that turquoise blue
looked quite right so I made tiny
indents into the head ball if you like
for the eyes and use these tiny bits of
white fondant rolled up and glued them
into those indents using edible glue
then I use this edible black pen it says
licorice but I think that's just the
colour the black for the eyes just to
make them look a little bit more
realistic I will show you later on in
the video exactly how I made the grass
to go at the sides I just glued all of
that on really okay so onto the fairy
door
this is actually
teddy bear Brown Renshaw's fondant and
there's a bit of green in there just to
make it kind of look a bit more
realistic just a bit kind of more garden
ish and then this is a wood effect mold
stamp thing
so you just squash it on these are about
six or seven pounds I think you can get
them on Amazon or Ebay you literally
just squash it into the fondant it's so
easy and then just sort of make sure
it's pushed down you can see slightly on
the left of mine I didn't push it in
hard enough but it doesn't really matter
because my door was not going to be that
thick this white piece of paper you can
see here I actually measured onto the
cake the depth of that tear to measure
against the door to establish exactly
how big I wanted it to be and then I'm
just using these tools and a knife to
cut out the exact width and height that
I want the door to be I am cutting out
around the top as well because I want it
to be curved and I didn't film this but
I also rolled up a small piece of this
brown icing to go around the door and
cut like a door frame you'll see in the
thumbnail so I'm just going around here
just to smooth it off just doing it by
hand really the thing is with the fairy
garden theme it doesn't need to be
exactly perfect I also used that yellow
and white tool again to make a slight
round indent and then a little purple
ball you can kind of see here for the
door handle so then onto the grass that
I used around the cake generally but
also onto those Pixies I think this is
actually called grass green by Renshaw
it's the darker of the two greens they
do and I just used a tiny bit my hands
were quite warm here and then just
rolled it out made it kind of a bit
Wiggly shaped it around a little bit
doesn't matter if it goes a bit floppy
also bigger at one end and then it goes
to a point and but the whole point is is
that they have got a bit of a wiggle to
them and they look quite realistic so I
did quite a few some longer shorter
whatever to use on the cake to make it
look realistic so thanks so much
watching guy
and there are two more parts to this
video to show you how to make the rest
of the elements on the cake so I'll see
you next week bye