[Music]
hello I'm Bru and I'm outside and it's
cold but that's a good thing because
it's going to give us a chance to try a
little demonstration of the physical
change of water into ice but let's talk
about it inside where it's a little bit
warmer well it feels good to be back
inside now anybody that's lived in the
northern part of our country in winter
time realizes that when the temperature
gets below freezing you can have a
problem with bursting pipes and that's
what I want to take a look at so I have
several pieces of piping here and what
we're going to do is we're going to fill
them up with water cap them put them
outside let them freeze overnight and
see if we can get them to break from
that change of liquid to solid so let's
see what we have here all right let's
start with a piece of copper tubing it's
capped at one end shut off valve at the
other I can add water here and then
close it and seal the water
inside all right next we have this steel
pipe 1 and 1/2 in diameter it's got
these heavy caps on either end get this
off here that's pretty strong stuff so
we'll see how that does smaller scale we
have another pipe which is 1 in in
diameter once again heavy caps on the
ends here we
go now we're also going to try this with
this elbow I have caps for it we're
going to fill it with water and seal it
either end and about the same size 1 and
1/2 in I have this coupling and we'll
see how this
does now in addition to the piping I
have a few cans of
soda I thought maybe we'd put some of
these outside
also to prepare these pieces I'm going
to use some Teflon tape here on these
threads and that's going to give us a
water type seal and that's going to keep
it from leaking
when the water starts to become Under
Pressure we go wrap it off and it's
going to get screwed in as tight as I
can
here there we go and I did the same
thing with this pipe
also now I want to use water that's as
cold as possible cuz that's going to
make it more dense so I filled the
bucket up with snow I'm adding water and
the next step is to submerge the pipe
make sure all the air is out of that and
the cap and put the cap on
there we
go and I'm simply going to hand tighten
it as much as I
can and now it's
ready now we'll go through and perform
these same steps for all the other
pieces and the same goes for this piece
also but we're going to make one slight
change instead of putting it outside I'm
going to wrap it up in this towel and
I'm going to stick it into our freezer
and let that sit overnight and see how
that does versus putting it
outside okay I think we're ready to go
all the pieces are filled with cold
water they're capped and sealed our next
step is to put them outside hopefully
it's going to get real cold tonight the
water inside's going to freeze and then
we're going to see what
happens we'll let the pieces sit here on
top of the
snow now what's going on is that water
molecules in a liquid are able to move
past each other and get fairly close but
when they freeze the hydrogen bonds line
up form the water into crystals and it
takes up a little bit more space so
water actually expands as it freezes it
becomes less den and we see that we put
a piece of ice into water it
floats now back to our experiment it's
24 hours later it got down to 8 degrees
last night now let's go out and get the
materials
well we definitely had some changes
there's the one
pip and here are the other ones looks
like we broke a couple soda cans so I
one shot for it about 15 ft or so same
thing with that pipe
there looks like we were pretty
successful all right now it's time to
take a closer look at our results now
when this end cap broke the material
inside pushed out with such force that
it moved this pipe about 15 ft from
where I laid it on the
ground to break this cap must have taken
a lot of
force it's been estimated that the
expansion of this change can exert
pressure in the range of about 15 Tons
per square
inch now this next piece is the one I
put in the freezer obviously it doesn't
make any difference whether it's a
freezer or we put it outside as long as
water's changing dice it's going to
expand and this is the
result our copper piping didn't hold up
so well either it bent the cap out and
then put a hole right here at the
end let's take a look at our coupling
looks like the coupling itself is okay
but there's a split right here on the
end cap
next we have our small pipe and in this
case the brake is actually in the cap
itself and it just simply split it right
at the
end all right now for our sodas first
one is Coke it broke the end off and
shot most of the material out I don't
know where the end cap
[Music]
is our next one is Diet Coke it simply
popped a tab and I can feel a lot of the
material inside is missing
next we have our diet seven up now it
didn't pop this can it simply pushed the
top and the bottom out as far as it
[Music]
could another Coke can doesn't look like
this one was bothered at
[Music]
all next we have a diet root beer most
of the soda is missing and here's what
the top looks like
our last soda is a can of scheps diet
ginger ale in this case the can broke on
the
sides all in all this experiment has
been very
impressive now in our next video we're
going to drill some holes into some
rocks add water to it freeze it and see
if we can get that expansion to cause
the rocks to
split this is a process that occurs in
nature and we're going to see if we can
repeat that process
sh