hey guys we're going to make this little
heart dress for Valentine's Day and this
is what we're going to need you're going
to need some fusible
webbing some
thread
scissors and
pens and I am just going to need a tiny
piece of this fabric so I didn't buy
very much of that one and I'm just going
to use a little tiny piece of this one
so I cut that off of another piece and
then this is the pink for the body and
the polka dot for the uh trim now I went
ahead and bought a yard of both of these
because I'm going to do something else
out of them but you don't have to buy
that much um depending on the size that
your size dress that the child you're
making it for needs you'll go buy that
okay let's get
started okay guys this one is going to
be pretty much just like the last one
that I did if you watched my Doc
McStuffins uh dress this one is almost
just like that the difference is instead
of using ribbon for the like straps of
the dress I cut material we're going to
use material so I'm again am making a
size four for a little girl size four so
my body is going to be this one is 21 in
Long by 23 in wide because I'm going to
put a band on it just like I did on the
um Doc McStuffins so for a 4T
you're going to want your your uh dress
to be 26 by 23 but if you're going to
put a band on it you have to take into
consideration what size your band is so
we're going to have this band and I've
cut it just a tad bit shorter because
the last one was just a little bit too
long for um the little girl that I'm
making it for so this is just a tad bit
shorter the last one I made 5 inches
long but this one today it's going to be
4 in so I cut it 8 in by 23 in wide it
match matches the width of the dress it
is 8 in long because when we fold it
it's going to it'll be 4 in then and
I've cut two of these straps for the
dress because we're not going to use
ribbon we're going to make our uh straps
out of some of our fabric so I've cut
these 4 in
wide by 45 in it's the whole width of a
piece of fabric this is 45 in wide I
mean yes wide about 4 in long because
we're going to fold it and this is going
to become our strap that goes in the top
of the dress now for the design on this
dress today guys we're g to put a little
cupcake on there and I just took and
Drew me a cupcake you're going to take
and draw the cupcake base the top of the
cupcake and then a little heart for the
cupcake and um I just freehanded this
one you can draw it however you want to
I took and this is what I did I actually
I made this part first so that way
you'll know how to how big to make your
the bottom of your cupcake and we're
going to lay it together like this and
applique it on the dress each of these
obviously out of the fabric but I've
also cut a piece of the fusible webbing
that uh is going to we're going to iron
this to the dress so that we can
applicate
it okay we're going to decide where we
want to put our little cupcake on the
front of our dress I usually like to put
it down closer to the bottom and on the
right side it's wherever you want to put
it and you'll obviously cut a smaller
cupcake if you're doing it for a smaller
size dress bigger if you're doing bigger
you know you get the idea okay so we're
going to place our little uh cupcake
this is where I think I want mine we're
going to start with this piece right
here the bottom of the cupcake we're
going to have to kind of put this on in
layers so we're going to start with this
piece I'm going to come over to my
machine I'm going to set my
width at five I'm going to set my length
at
zero and I'm going to get on a zigzag
Stitch which is already on a zigzag
stitches okay and when I applique this
I'm only going to applique around the
outside of it I'm not going to applicate
this line right here because that line
when you uh come over and when you put
this next layer on top you'll be able to
see that Ridge under it so don't uh
don't don't go across that one okay guys
when I said to set it at zero I that's
not that's not true you set it at almost
zero but not quite zero because zero
makes it stay in one place we want it to
move but we want our stitches to be
tight okay and I'm going to put my
fabric under here and then I usually
come and see where my needle is landing
making sure I'm going to land where I
want it and then I'm going to get
started
[Music]
started we've got the bottom on now
we're going to come over to the iron
board and we're going to place the top
of our little cupcake and iron that in
place now we're going to applique around
the top of the
[Music]
cupcake
[Music]
okay now then we've got the top of the
cupcake applica of course it looks kind
of messy because it needs iron in but
that's the top now we're going to stick
the little heart on top okay we got that
ironed on and now we will applique
around the heart
it's going to take longer to applicate
this little hard on then I mean this uh
all is going to take longer to to
applique this cupcake on than it takes
to make the whole dress this did an iron
down good hold
[Music]
up okay and there is our little cupcake
um applique on now we'll start the dress
okay now we're going to take the front
and the back of the bodice and we're
going to Surge down both
[Music]
sides okay now we're going to put our
right sides together we're going to come
down about six Ines on the side to do
our
armhole
and then we're going to come to the
other
side and I'm going to hold both my sides
up together and mark the other one where
I just sewed this one so I'm going to
hold this one up to it and just mark it
with my finger to know where to do the
other armhole I say armhole I don't
should really call
[Music]
this okay now I'm going to move over to
the
iron and I'm going to press this seam
open the down both sides so that we can
um Stitch our little armhole so press
that
open okay I've got
that I've got that pressed open we're
going to start here we're going to go
down and across and then back up this
side and that's going to make our
[Music]
armhole and that's what it looks like
when you have sewn
your little
opening I'm going to do the other
[Music]
side okay now we are going to Surge
across the top of the front and the back
and I'm also going to Surge along the
bottom of
it
[Music]
okay and that's our hem surged
out along with the tops now we're going
to take our band piece we're going to
stitch the seam of the
[Music]
band now we're going to open this seam
up and we're going to fold it with the
wrong sides together fold it in
half like this and then we're going to
Surge along this top edge of our
[Music]
band okay now we're going to take our
band we're going to take the the seam
and we're going to put it we're going to
pin it onto the bodice and that is going
to be in the center of our
back I usually just fold it in half to
find the center and then I pinch
it and then open it back up and that
will leave you a little Mark where the
center is so we're going to put this
seam we're going to pin it to the center
we're going to make sure that our dress
and our band are the same width they
should be we measured them but you know
stuff happens sometimes and I've had you
had them not work out to be the same and
that's no fun at all okay and it we are
the same I'm gonna come over here to the
sewing
machine and I'm going to sew the band
onto the lower edge of the
[Music]
bodice okay and that's what it looks
like with a little band around the
bottom
now we're going to come back up here to
the
top and we're going to turn down this
time I'm going to turn down just a
little bit more than an inch because we
have we're making our um straps instead
of using ribbon so I'm going to turn
down just a tad bit more you know around
an inch a little bit more than an
inch I'm going to turn this
down like that and then I'm going to
stitch it in
place
when I come to the end I have this tail
uh from my serger you can uh leave that
and fold it in I just leave a little bit
and make sure it's folded down to the
inside so that it sews inside
there that's one now we're going to do
the other side I'm going to fold that
little tail in
there I'm going to turn it down and
actually here's what I do cuz I mean I
don't like to stop and measure all that
kind of stuff I take the side that I
just sewed down and I measure them to
each other yep and that's it so that I
know they're they've turned down the
same
[Music]
amount okay now we've got both of those
done I'm going to move to sewing the
um straps so we're going to take our two
pieces you know we we cut our two um
little strips they are 4
in by
45 4 Ines this way and 45 wide we're
going to turn it we're going to put the
right sides together and I'm going to
since I want my ends to be pretty I'm
going to sew I'm going to come across
the the tip of it right here to make it
a point and then I'm going to go to the
center and stop and leave about an inch
pick back up and do the other end so
that I can turn it and have pretty ends
I'll show you what I'm talking about
when I get
[Music]
done okay we're coming up on the
center I just take and make sure my
needle is up out of it I pick up my
presser foot and I just scoop my little
band down about an inch I put my needle
back in and then I keep going that's how
I'm going to leave my
opening and I'm going to do the same
thing down here I'm going to stop about
an inch from the end and then cut across
to give it that little point on the
[Music]
[Applause]
end I'm going to cut the extra from here
here see how we gave it that that little
point I'm going to do that to the other
[Music]
end this way um it's just kind of
cheating because you don't have to worry
about closing this hole I mean I am
going to close it but you don't have to
worry about it being pretty and all that
kind of stuff so I'm going to take my
scissors I'm going to turn this right
side out
going to come out of that hole we left
I'm going to work that end out real good
before I come out of
there there got that point worked out
and I'm going to pull that all the way
through then I'm going to do the other
[Music]
end
out and then pull it completely out and
there we have you know our strap where
we normally would use ribbon we're going
to use the strap and what I'm going to
do to close this hole is I'm just going
to come back over here and um you can
iron it first if you want to I'm not
going
to but that's you know the little
opening I'm just going to stitch across
that because it's going to be hidden in
the casing
[Music]
[Applause]
anyway and I just stitched it closed
like that and it it's not going to
matter because it's going to be hidden
that's going to be inside this casing
right here this the band will be inside
there so it won't
matter so let's do the other one we're
going to do the same thing we're going
to turn it
oops right sides together we're going to
do this
[Music]
end
[Music]
okay now I'm going to iron these right
quick all right guys here is the
finished little dress we're going to
take our straps we're going to take our
safety
[Music]
pen and we're going to take one of our
straps and we're going to just stick
this in the end of it and we're going to
feed it through the casing that we made
here along the
top you could make one continuous strap
if you wanted to that way it would tie
in just one bow on one of her shoulders
um but this way it's going to obviously
tie with a bow on each shoulder but I
have seen it done where they just T they
make one continuous strap and tie it on
one side so it's whichever way you want
to do
it right there's
one let's do the other
one and we will be done with our cute
little
dress fade this one through
there and that is it we're going to
Center up the dress on its little
ties and tie bows on each side and we're
done all right and that is the finished
little
[Music]
dress