[Music]
[Music]
hi folks this is my kayak it's a
standard kayak I love to go fishing with
it but I don't like to get tired as you
can see from my belly so I'm always
thinking how to solve the problem how to
don't get tired a couple of years ago I
show you how to make a trolling motor
very cheap only using recycled parts
from the scrapyard so you finally link
here this is much lighter much lighter
you can just carry out from the car
mount everything and go fishing is very
nice to use it as always also for this
project I want to recycle all the
components I want to use only things
that I already have at home or that I
found next to the garbage so let me
introduce you my kayak I'm very lucky
because already have a lot of Moun holes
all on the side which means I don't have
to drill new holes which is very
important these holes are brass threaded
holes that are very strong I will use
some stainless steel screws to screw the
these aluminum tubes on the front later
you will understand now I found a couple
of chairs these are polycarbonate chairs
are very strong is a very thick material
and I will use only the back side of the
chair that is rounded and is very nice I
will already cut one so that you can see
where I will mount it I will mount it
here on the front on the two aluminium
tubes I already cut it and shape one so
that will fit perfectly on top of the
aluminum so I fix it in place with a
couple of C steel screws let's fix in
place also the polycarbonate structure I
will use five big screws to do this
three three here in the back and two in
the front will be enough to keep the
things together because polycarbonate is
very strong and it's very thick so 6 cm
long screws are enough for the m of my
boat I want to use this this was a wind
surf Mas that broke a couple years ago I
will cut it about here I will have a 3
and 1/2 M long M I will use a grinder to
cut it be careful to don't breathe the
the dust coming out of it because it's
very dangerous I Dre a hole also here in
the middle of the polycarbonate and this
hole is big enough to insert the mask
inside but this structure isn't enough
to keep the mask perfectly straight I
need to make a mold in this case I use
some fiberglass I know it's pretty ugly
because very was very uncomfortable to
work under the polycarbonate and this is
the result but it's very easy to insert
the Mas as you can see I can installed
the cell very quickly and I'm ready to
go I reinforced the mold using some
aluminum tubes one on the left and one
on the right so it push on the side I
put also four pulet so that I can
control the sail pulling a rope and this
is much nicer because the first project
was just only having the cell with a
hand and that was too strong making the
rudder was very tricky also for this
component I use only recycle wood the
white part was a very old wind surf fin
that is very long but also very e dnamic
and I secure it between two pieces of
wood that were from an old bed using
five or six big black screws this is
enough to keep the rudder straight
because inside the water it ex exercise
a lot of lever force and it pushes it
pushed the rudder like this and I broke
it about two or three times before
ending in this design now I can move the
the rudder on the right and on the left
very easy without breaking it
again to mount the rudder on the back of
the kayak I use a big door hinges and
this is enough to keep it keep it
straight and move it very
easy to move the rudder I mount two
broom handles that are in wood and they
are long enough to move it very easy
it's about 1 M and 20 cm and this is
enough to move it so I just have to push
it with my hand and you can see that
like this I push move it on the right
move it on the left is a good solution
to have it one on the right and one on
the left so each time you Jive or you
Veer you can also move your body on the
left and on the right and have a Rudder
ready to go in your
hand the rudder structure is all in
place on the back of the kayak using
some fiberglass just like the M
structure but fiberglass doesn't stick
to plastic so I had to use some po ranic
glue to do this these black fins you see
here are drift and with a router are the
most important component to deide the
direction of the boat so with this
little F I can go up wind I can go in
any any direction just like a real boat
these fins are 30 cm long and they go
exactly in these two existing holes that
are just for go out the water from
inside the kayak so you can see here
that I can decide the direction and with
this kayak I went a couple times in
other places so I go to visit some more
Beach some beautiful place here in
Sardinia I live in Italy so this is the
most beautiful sea you can find in this
[Music]
[Music]
country
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
no
[Music]
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
n
[Music]
even if it doesn't seem you are going
fast when you are sitting side is
absolutely crazy because you are facing
the position is very nice because you
are facing the water you are very low
you are touching with your face almost
the water is very nice and because the
boat is so small you are always you are
always having the feeling that you are
falling down so is is very scary is very
nice well that's it for today I hope you
enjoy the video so a like below is very
appreciated and if you have any
suggestion to make the project cooler if
you want to do it by yourself also let
me know below how it looks like your
kayak hope to give you some inspiration
I leave you with my trolling motor video
here and also with my Italian channel to
check it out so see you there or see you
next week with another do it-yourself
tutorial Chia
Chow
[Music]
[Music]