hi my name is stephanie manley and i'm
with copycat recipes you've loved it in
the restaurant now let's make it at home
we're gonna make Houston's spinach
artichoke dip this is one of my go-to
recipes whenever I have a party or
gathering it's gonna show up on the
table so I'm going to show you how I
make my recipe for Houston spinach
artichoke dip
so I've already put my mozzarella cheese
in the bowl and now here is my frozen
spinach and I've squeezed this out
really really well I'm just gonna put
this in here next I'm going to put in my
artichokes I ran them through my food
processor just for a couple of seconds
to get a nice small pieces next I'm
going to add my sour cream I am gonna
add my Romano cheese
next I'm going to add my Parmesan cheese
garlic it's not a recipe without garlic
great and I'm just gonna add some little
bit of half-and-half to incorporate this
all together and I'm going to give this
a quick stir so now that we have this
all mixed up we're gonna place this in
an ovenproof dish you do not need to
grease the pan just go ahead and stick
this mixture in there and we're gonna
bake it for about 20 to 30 minutes until
the top comes golden brown so now it's
been about 20 to 30 minutes I'm going to
take this spinach artichoke dip out of
the oven if we're going to give this a
try now for my favorite part we get a
try the Houston spinach artichoke dip
so we've just made
Houston spinach artichoke dip but you
know what you don't have to stop there
come to copykat.com right over fifteen
hundred restaurants ah recipes you've
tried it in the restaurant now make it
at home hi I'm Stephanie Manley are you
ever wondered how your favorite
restaurant makes that special dish well
I've put together over 1500 recipes that
taste just like they do in the
restaurant
visit copykat.com and find recipes from
the olive garden outback steakhouse the
cracker barrel and so much more visit
copykat.com and discover recipes such as
the olive garden alfredo sauce olive
garden salad dressing and hooter's fried
pickles you've tried it in the
restaurant now make it at home