if you've been to your local farmers
market or orchard you've seen that there
are a variety of squash fresh pick from
the field one of my favorite types of
squash is butternut a creamy beige
colored squash that's shaped like a bell
or a vase and has flesh that tastes like
a sweet potato another delicious squash
that's not as frequently used is an
acorn squash which is named after its
acorn shape and has a deep green rind
and an orange or yellow flesh no matter
what kind of squash you buy make sure
the skin is free of dents bruises or
blemishes and when you get it home
stored in a cool dry place you can keep
these fresh for up to three to four
weeks when you're ready to use wash the
squash thoroughly and use a gentle soap
that way any bacteria on the outside
won't transmit to the flesh when you cut
it now if you're making a recipe right
in the cavity of the squash don't peel
the squash or cut the ends just cut it
lengthwise and remove the seeds and
stringy fibers with a spoon if you're
making a super casserole cut the ends
off remove the skin with a knife or
vegetable peeler and scoop out the seeds
and fibers then dice the squash into
chunks to prepare my recipe for stuffed
acorn squash preheat the oven to 350
degrees
lightly oil the flesh and bake for about
45 minutes
you could also microwave squash place on
a plate flesh side up cover with plastic
wrap and microwaves seven to ten minutes
depending on its size it's done when you
can pierce the flesh with a fork
you