how to take your measurements the
measurements you will be taking today
are your waist measurement hip
measurement the outseam inseam and a
loose leg this is my mannequin Veronica
you will need a notepad pen and a
measuring tape you want to measure
around the waist exactly where you want
the pants to be worn
the hip will be taken at the widest
point of your waist the outseam starts
at the waist and goes down the leg to
where you want the pants to hem the
inseam does the same but on the inside
seam of the leg the loose leg should be
taken at the widest point plus two
inches
what time is it math time subtract your
NC measurement from your outseam
measurement and that creates your new
rise measurement now add two inches to
all of your measurements except out
Simon inseam which you should add four
and a half inches two and three inches
two respectively and lose leg which you
only add one inch to use these amended
measurements throughout the drafting
phase how to draft your pattern you will
need paper a calculator yardstick ruler
flexible ruler scissors tape a pencil
and eraser and your amended measurements
I've already pre drawn my pattern but
I'm going to go over as I show you how
to make your own start by drawing a line
length of your out scene put a dot at
each end of that line and label 1a and
1b
starting at point a measure down the
line your rise measurement and place a
dot at that point label it see using a
ruler mark a straight line going out
about a foot from each point a B and C
divide your waist measurement by four
and Mark a point that length to the
right of a label it point D mark a dot a
half an inch up from D label that e join
point a and point E with a curved line
divide your hip measurement by four and
mark a point that length to the right of
C label it f
marker point directly in the middle of
point C and point F label it G connect
points E and F with a shallow curved
line directly below G on the line that
stretches out from point B mark a dot
and label it H connect points G and H
with a dashed line
divide your loose leg measurement in hat
and subtract half an inch from it divide
that measurement in half and place a dot
that distance to the right of H and
label it J using that same measurement
place a dot to the left of H and label
it I connect points F and J with a
straight line
directly in the middle of points C and B
mark a point and label it l connect
points L and I with a straight line your
hip size determines your next
measurement read below draw point M
above point C and using that same
measurement draw point K to the left of
Point C connects points K and in with a
shallow curve connect points M and L
with a shallow curve tada you're like
front pattern is done