what's up everyone I got a quick and
dirty tip on how to grow tomatoes very
simple all you need is dirt a pot and
submit and some Tomatoes so what you do
is you just cut like if you have a over
maybe an over right tomato you just cut
the tomato about 1/4 inch thick
something like that and you just throw
them down in the dirt
this is actually almost too simple you
just throw these and you can kind of see
the seeds in there so fish you just want
to capture some of those seeds in the
tomato throw them on the dirt very
simply take some uh I got potting soil
here or you know composted cow manure
type potting soil so you just take dirt
throw it over the tomatoes
you don't want covering you know too
high just we're just barely covered
about arm every once in a while and you
end up with this
that's probably maybe a week we can have
maybe two weeks and I probably got 50 or
60 um little seedlings there so
basically what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to pull these out and plant a
few of the bigger ones I'm gonna get the
ones that are bigger cuz I know they're
strong and then just plant them in
another pot like this and probably gonna
have two per pot two plants coming out
on one pot so I'll let these four or
five crew and whichever one comes out
the biggest or maybe in the next few
weeks I'll just pick out the other ones
and let the due to stronger bigger ones
grow so that's it so if you got any you
know overripe and tomatoes and your
fridge don't throw them away grab you a
pot some potting soil and slice them up
just throw them in there let mother
nature take its course
so a little quick and dirty tip we're
upside
take care
[Applause]