when you're cooking with leaks they can
be really dirty so it's important you
clean them well because a lot of the
dirt you're not going to see it's
actually going to be down in the white
part which is what you generally want to
use so to clean them first you're going
to want to cut the top off the green
part it's not used in most recipes but I
actually save it to make stock with
later then you're going to want to cut
the bottom off and then you're going to
want to Slit carefully down the center
at this point the most important thing
is rinsing out each layer but make sure
you're rinsing the leak downward you
don't want to wash dirt back inside it
once you get through all your layers you
should have a pretty clean leak and you
can just chop that up and use it however
you want