hi I'm Lizzie and this is my kitchen no
today I'm going to cook through some
scotch pancakes the Scottish people
aren't exactly known like the French for
their cuisine it's but this is actually
a really really good recipe this is 120
grams of self-raising flour 30 grams of
caster sugar a quarter pint of milk 1
egg pinch of salt and a pinch of
bicarbonate of soda so for the first
mixture you're going to need a nice
Pyrex ball like this and put in all of
your flour all of your sugar and then
just sort of mix it in together like
this and then leave the tiniest bit of
bicarbonate of soda but not too much
because otherwise it's gonna flavor it
and it's gonna be horrible then you also
need like the tiniest pinch of salt
because it gives the pancakes a nicer
flavor so once that evenly mixed
take another Bowl you're a quarter pint
of milk and your egg just put the lot in
you don't need to separate any of this
and then just mix it together so for
this final stage you need to pour your
egg and milk mixture into your flour
ball you also need to grab a whisk and
get whisking until this is like a really
nice smooth mixture and the best thing
to do after that is to leave it for
maybe 20 minutes because it sort of lets
the mixture come together for that final
stage before you're about to cook it so
for this next bit I suggest that when
you're oiling up your pan you put on
kitchen paper and always use oil because
otherwise butter will probably burn just
give it a quick wipe Brown like this
because you don't need much more
otherwise we're going to make pancakes
really oiling okay so for this next step
you need to make sure you've got your
batter a nice thick consistency I've
left mine firm quite a well no so I
suggest you do the same so it doesn't
spread and go too big on your your
frying pan thing about Scottish pancakes
is they're small similar flavor and
everything to American thank you but
they don't get much bigger than that so
as it's cooking you're going to see
bubbles come up like this as soon as
it's more bubbles than raw batter that's
when you know it's time to flip it over
so that the bubbles have started to look
a bit like this you know it's about
ready
you start nudging it see if it comes
away perfect
so these are my Scotch pancakes they're
not the most aesthetically pleasing
pancakes in the world but they taste
really good and they're fantastic for
breakfast in Scotland that's how we
normally in place of like toast and
things at tea time the best way I think
is tease them slightly warm with butter
on them or you can even call with butter
and jam on them if you want to have them
with tea but this is the best way to
them