[Music]
oregano from cuttings how to start
oregano from cuttings also known as wild
my arms a grow plant org if you would
like to grow it there is a link below
and you can just perch it it's a
donation so even grow it from hardness
on from 4 to 11 and if you would like to
grow it as it will start from cutting
you should be aware that the best season
will be or the spring or in hot climate
also in the autumn is soil it to be a
well trained and better to have a moist
soil with humidity so how you do it so
first you take a one step you cut it you
take all the leaves except the twin the
top you can make half cutting to all the
leaves in the top this is one option
another option there just to take all
the leaves you put it in the soil this
one I just put it in the soil and
another option is to put in water but if
you put in water you need the water
won't cover the leaves there is no need
for one leaves inside the water and you
need every day to switch the water a it
depends what kind of weather you have
and what kind of climate so if you have
enough steps just try some in the water
some day in the soil it in order to keep
the soil moist put some leaves or much
because if it won't be so moist it will
just die as I said before autumn or in
the spring and then anyway if you have
it as an annual only the spring and Sun
the light actually is the light it's
important because I would say almost
full Sun to half shade will be the best
in full Sun depend here we have in the
spring heat waves and the heat waves are
really really kill the plants and you
don't have any chance so I put here
actually they
half shade a full shade but if you grow
a grow it in a nicer climate area this
is a solution and if I put it in the
autumn hey I put it in almost full Sun
except this it's not something hard to
start another method to start by
vegetative reproduction it's to lean
over the steps a cover it with the soil
and after several weeks it just you have
some roots then you separate it from the
mother plant and you have a new plant
it's all from grow plant storage don't
forget to subscribe visit our website
and like this video if you have any
question just ask or you would like a
video also you can ask a check for more
video follow us on Twitter
and of course you have here a link to
buy the plants that we talked about and
also down