hi everybody if you have a shady spot in
your land think about growing ginsing
there ginsing has been a popular herb
especially for Asia for thousands of
years in fact in George Washington's day
ginsing was harvested and sold to help
pay for the American Revolution now why
is gin Singh so popular well it has
dozens of medical uses as well as being
widely used as an overall tonic it does
take time to grow which is why the
mature Roots can bring in as much as
$400 a pound now that's profitable just
a half acre of ginsing can bring
$100,000 at maturity which takes 6 years
ginsing is planted under a canopy of
hardwood trees which provide Shelter
From The Hot Summer Sun but even before
the roots have grown to maturity Growers
can get some income selling seeds and
rootlets which also bring in high prices
after you've harvested The ginsing Roots
air dry them in the shade until they
make a crisp snap sound when broken that
tells you that they're ready to sell
finding buyers is easy as wholesale
buyers and brokers in most areas will
inspect your Harvest and buy the entire
crop from you much of the ginsing grown
here is shipped to Asia supplement
companies also buy bulk ginsing as it's
such a popular herb to discover more
about this high value cash crop visit
our website profitable plants
while you're there be sure to grab a
copy of our free ebook all about the 14
best specialty crops for small Growers
thanks for
watching