my name is Andrew Cohen I'm lactose
intolerant so I went nuts and I'm Ari
Cohen and I'm lactose intolerant gluten
intolerant and soy intolerant and I've
also gone nuts and we are Mr dewi we're
a dairyfree soyf free gluten-free ice
cream alternative when I realized that I
was Dairy gluten and soy sensitive
several years ago um I had to change my
diet and so doing I had to cut out
things like ice cream and and um that
was sort of the impetus for starting Mr
Deweys U creating an an ice cream that
was Dairy dairyfree gluten-free soy free
and also just as importantly additive
free there's no gums or Oils or
preservatives or additives in our ice
cream and that's very important to us
and I just missed ice cream and when he
started creating these ice creams I was
his taster and it was so good and I
thought let's just bring this to Market
because of all the other people out
there who can't do ice cream and are
also looking for a creamy delicious
alternative so we did it and it's it's
delicious and we hope you think so too
[Music]
um unlike a lot of ice creams we pump no
air into our ice cream so it's in some
ways it's more like a gelato um it's
very rich and dense and very creamy and
very flavorful intensely flavorful so we
use very few ingredients but the
ingredients we use we use a lot of and I
think that's what makes it such a
special um and what makes it such a a a
healthy and specializ cre Andrew and I
are both brothers born and raised in
Berkeley and um so this is for for
everybody in the Bay Area this is
obviously a local product but uh most
recently um to our happy surprise it is
getting picked up further and further
out and in fact maybe you can talk about
where we are now so right now we're
based in Oakland but we have uh been
picked up in Seattle up in Washington
area Oregon all the way up Northern
California and then down now through to
almost San Diego and looks like in 2015
we're going to head east a bit into the
Rocky Mountains maybe even touch into
Texas we can talk about how delicious it
is all day long but until you try it you
won't believe how good it tastes our
slogan is once you try it you'll go nuts
too
bye thanks for eaing go
[Music]
nuts so if you want to try to connect
with us which we'd love uh we'd love it
if you liked us on Facebook we're on
Twitter we're on Instagram and our
website of course www.moes.com