hi I was asked the other day how do I
kill sand Hornets well let me help you
with that I'm Michael Penza with
Advantage Pest Control well sand H
hornit is a a regional name for the cic
Killer and this is a uh a Hornet Wasp
that actually doesn't live in a big
Colony they're uh they're solitary bugs
uh they they burrow down into the sand
and they make their little uh home for
themselves and uh the best way to kill
them is to to use a dust um you go
around uh and sprinkle a nice safe dust
um or maybe a Seven Dust which is a
synthetic but not too toxic another way
is to use a u time relase granules if
you're getting like around the outside
of the house it's a really nice
preventative treatment for roaches and
other stuff too all right so you can
prevent them be by not having exposed
sand so you can put down mulch in those
areas although that's going to attract
other bugs so it's best just to take
care of the problem use a little dust
and you you're going to knock them right
out now these are big buggers they're
about 1 and A2 inches in length all
right they're scary and the females do
sting the males don't um and I won't
elaborate on that topic all right I hope
this has been helpful I'm Michael Penza
good day