welcome back guys here's a fried okra
sauce recipe requested by if you were
last week start with finding whatever
type of meat you're going with I am
using one cup of oil to fry the fish and
I'm also using I'm also going with fried
chicken and some other meat and some dry
fish that I'll be going with I'll be
adding later but I pull out those and
just make sure your chicken and fish are
fried well because once you add them to
the poker sauce and boil them you want
to make sure especially the fish is not
falling apart and so I was fortunate
enough to find fresh over at my local
Walmart so I thought I show you guys our
old-school way of cutting up ocher you
just get the hard part out usually and
slice it up really small and so after
that I think I have about six cups of
okra in there and after that I just fry
everything fry the okra and add some
onions we shall be measuring later I'll
be showing you in a little bit we don't
have fresh okra just go with the frozen
one they usually have frozen okra all
year round already cut up in the
vegetable section so either
awkward too hot oil not too hot
I have stove on medium heat and then add
some onions I usually add a little more
onion than usual just my personal
preference but a cup if you like and
some fresh diced tomatoes
and I'm adding some fresh cilantro and
just fry them together for about five
minutes to the onions or Strickland
also add tomato paste I have about two
tablespoons there I had purpose as
always I have about two well hot peppers
in there with two garlic cloves just
blend them together and add to the Coco
sauce and then add my fish and chicken
back into the ochre and I the rest of
the to me that I was talking about
earlier I got some pork and dry fish and
some smoked turkey there too
so just fry all of them together for
about another two minutes add some
liquid in it let it boil for I don't
know another 15 minutes and season it
with either to medium Maggi or medium
sized Maggi or two tablespoons of
chicken flavor again how much flavor you
go with it's always up to you either
less season or more season for some
people and please keep the requests
coming as it helps me with deciding what
types of videos you guys like to watch