[Music]
hey there BR you see the hard liquor in
front of you and all the spices so you
know what time it is it's time for DJ to
infuse the booze hell yes and what booze
are you going to infuse today you say DJ
today we're going to infuse some rum and
we're going make Admiral DJ's spice
infused rum now you're saying DJ you
could buy [ __ ] rum anywhere why don't
you go get a little Captain Morgan a
little crack in or something like that
hell no why because those rums lack
complexity of spice flavor the rums are
okay and yeah they taste like vanilla
and a little bit of clove but I want
more out of the spice rum when I make my
mixed drinks I want some complexity and
I want to serve somebody up on making a
mixed drink for something that's you
taste has sort of that like Taste of an
artisanal touch put on that rum and that
something extra and that's what makes
mixed drinks and pure mixologist that
are making like awesome higher end
cocktails that's what makes all the
difference the compounding ingredients
are what create the end product that's
awesome so this drink as you can see he
got a freaking boatload of ingredients
in it but it doesn't take a whole lot of
them to make a big effect first we've
got some select rum here from bardi a
little bit darker than gold I like it
has a nice medium complexity of flavor
so it doesn't take over the other spices
and it takes on all these awesome
flavors we're going to talk about in a
second here so in this this we're going
to put vanilla bean cardamom pod an a
seed all spice fresh BR nutmeg Orange
Peel cinnamon stick clove all these big
flavors we're going to integrate into
this with a little bit of ginger as well
just to make that taste extra special
multi-dimensional and lovely so I'm
going to go divy these up the ones that
I'm going to toast all these dry spices
as well as the vanilla bean I'm going to
toast those up and I'll show you the
toasting and then I'm going to show you
how we basically put in the jar and
start the infusion process and we're
going to go through it step by step I'll
put all the ingredients down in the
notes section ratios amounts all that
good stuff happy things you want to see
to make it easy for you and we're going
to get started and I'll be back in the
flash with the toasting process okay
gang here we've got our ingredients to
toast we have cardamon pods vanilla bean
we got a cinnamon stick some black
pepper corns freshly ground nutmeg Anis
seeds some all spiced berries and some
cloves we're just going to put these in
the pan we're going to toast them up and
I'll be back when we're done toasting
these and we're ready to go we'll be
back in a flat okay gang I'm back as you
saw in the previous segment we toasted
up all of our dry spices ready to go in
our jar I prepared 500 Ms as you can see
here 500 M of rum or approximately 2
and8 cups of rum just over two cups cuz
that's about how much you know Spiced
Rum that I want and I've also prepared
our orange zest this is zest of about a
half of orange it's only the zest with
no pith in there and then we've got a
couple I'd say probably three dime size
slices maybe slightly bigger of Ginger
you want to be careful with the Ginger
cuz it can take over the flavor of your
rum so let's start by putting our dry
ingredients in in here we've got our
vanilla bean our cinnamon stick our all
spiced berries we've got our black
pepper got our cardamon pods we have our
um cloves and we also have our nutmeg so
that's all going to go into our happy
jar here get it all in scrape it down
there oh also our Ana seed is in there
as well
so now we're going to put our sort of
wet infusing ingredients in we're going
to take and put our orange zest in as
you can see this is very technical stuff
you got to have like a bartending degree
or be a master mixologist to do this
stuff right as if anyways now we have
our 500 mL of rum we're going to pour
that right into our infusing vessel here
this is a 1 L vessel I like this size
cuz you can get a lot of stuff done with
it you can put a full 750 mil bottle in
here if you want to infuse and it's
super easy to do so we got all all of
our rum in there nice and happy we're
going to close up the top of the jar
going to give it a bit of a swirl you
don't have to shake it too aggressively
now we're going to put this in a dark
place like a closet you know or if you
got some place in the basement or
something where the light's not going to
get to it we're going to let this sit
for 2 to 4 days now you're going to
determine how spicy and how infused you
want your rum to be with these flavors
you're going to open it up after a
couple days you're going to smell it and
maybe taste it of course that's a fun
part tasting it isn't it and see if it's
to your specification I'm going to do
the same and I'll be back in 2 to 4 days
and let you know how our R here now
that's all happy in the jar with it
spice friends how it's tasting and we'll
be back with displaying the finished
product bottling up and all that fun
stuff for you I'll be back in a Flash
[Music]
cheers okay gang I'm back 3 days have
past and our rum is smelling C awesome
right now I just popped it open a minute
ago to take a smell make sure we ready
but you can see the smell is awesome I
don't have a smell Vision but I can show
you what the rum looks like it's
darkened up a little bit I'd say that's
probably from the vanilla in there and
the clove and the all spice maybe but
probably mostly the vanilla um almost
all the color has been sapped out of
those orange peels in there so man this
stuff is going to taste awesome um as
you can see I've got my filtering
implements out here so it's time to
filter this loveliness down get it all
nice and clear and beautiful I'll will
do that I'll get in the bottle here for
you and I'll be back when I get that job
done because I don't think you need to
see me putting the filter in here and
doing some of this stuff and pouring it
out and seeing what we get right that's
kind of boring so I'm going to get this
task done but if if you have interest
we've got metal strainer here coffee
filter uh metal mesh coffee filter and
this seems to work really well for me
and I've been using it for years gets
the job done simple and cheap don't need
anything super special so like I said
I'll be back in the Flash and we'll have
some beautiful liquid in the Box
see you then okay gang before we filter
our lovely infused room here I just want
to give you a little closer look as you
can see it's darkened up a little bit
from the vanilla and the clove and the
cardamon and all that good stuff in
there and I smelled it it's ready to go
and we're going to get to our filtering
now but like I said I just want to give
you a little look of how it is you can
see all the orange peeling there has
been bleached out by the rum sapping and
of all its loveliness so now time to get
to that filtering and show you what the
product looks like bottled after we get
that done hey guys I'm back as you can
see we got our lovely Elixir all
filtered and gorgeous look at this guys
look at that lovely mahogany brown color
it's Crystal Clear when I hold it up to
the light that's just gorgeous tons of
Ruby hints and everything coming through
there I think it probably darkened up a
whole shade um from the rum that I put
in there after you know the vanilla and
everything being on it but take a look
at it in the shot glass here guys get a
little bit better look just a beautiful
beautiful I guess really dark Amber like
clover honey kind of color man let's get
an aroma on this and see what up in the
smell Department cuz this looks all
pretty but if it doesn't taste good this
wasn't worth it now was it let's see
what we
got man vanilla caramel
Oak cinnamon the pepperiness from the
black peppers in there the like a bit of
like a minty freshness and licorice
coming from the
Cardman the Citrus zest is in there man
coming through strong that orange
man and then you get a Nutty kind of um
almost smokiness from that
nutmeg and a Spicy Bite from that clove
wow I'm ready to get a uh you know Taste
of this and dive into real Spiced Rum
not like the vanilla bean dunked stuff
like get with Captain Morgan cheers
guys yeah that's
smooth that is a flavor
explosion I mean the the cardamon the
cinnamon the the allp spice and
everything man the
clove the vanilla it's all there this is
like 50 times the flavor that you get
out of Captain Morgan man this is this
is just freaking delicious now if it's
too intense for you say you left it in
your you know little infusing vessel
like 5 days and you said oh damn that's
too long well guess what that's one of
the reasons that I make 500 Ms at a time
because if I want to fill the rest of
this bottle up and I want to cut it with
some some of my rum that I use my you
know base of H you know like special
gold or darker rum I'll cut it with that
and you can put a little bit in Shake It
Up taste it a little bit in Shake It Up
taste it that process isn't too bad I
like tasting rum and obviously you
probably do too since you're watching
this video but you can cut it and you
can make it the product you want that's
why we make a little bit less in the
bottle here when we do it and um it's
just a really great thing to make
yourself it's a heck of a lot cheaper
than buying the spiced drum and you get
a product that tastes really good and
when you put this in the mixed drink the
flavor profile that comes out of the
mixed drink that you add this into or is
just exponentially bigger just like the
flavor this is exponentially bigger so
real easy like I said always say I put
all the instructions all the ingredients
down in the note section here easy as
one to Tanner out over many instructions
and ingredients it becomes but really
super simple and easy to do if you guys
try this let me know what you think and
for this point you know what I'm going
to kick back and I'm going to enjoy the
rest of this wi dram of rum here shout
out to my good buddy Danny AKA so
[ __ ] drunk you should try to make
this my brother after your Highland
March or walk whatever you call it you
will like this so till the next DJ's
Brew tube thanks for me to each and
every one of you guys watching my you
know liquor how to here or infusing the
booze like I like to do until then I got
nothing but for you but a big thank you
to each and everyone for watching and
remember to rate comment subscribe and
hit that like button until then I'm
going to kick back and enjoy this here
lovely spiced rum and I'm going to give
you what oh that's right a big ass a
peace
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
out
w