okay so in this video I'm going to show
you how to make vanilla extract and I'm
also going to show you how to extract
the vanilla paste from the bean itself
and you know get the full usage out of
your beans and make the you know good
solid concentrated vanilla extract so
this is one of the batches I've made and
you can see it's very dark alright and
I'll go over that in a minute but I want
to talk a little bit about vanilla
Ferriss right now as of 2018 vanilla has
quadrupled in prices when I bought this
bag of vanilla this is a one pound bag
of extract grade B grade vanilla beans
which in those days even in those days
the extract great vanilla bean is
equivalent to the 8th grade what you're
getting now because what they're doing
now is they're picking the beans green
and are selling them on the market Green
and that gives you a lower quality
vanilla so a lot of people instead of
going to Madagascar to get the
Madagascar vanilla bean they're going to
you know Thailand and Papua New Guinea
and some of these other countries to get
the higher quality vanilla bean but
you're going to pay the premium price
for those so you got to be careful where
you're buying your vanilla right now
it's the whole vanilla market is in an
is just turned upside down a part of
that reason is is that Madagascar was
the main vanilla bean supplier for the
world basically but there's all these
other countries around there and
basically what happened is they got hit
with like one hurricane one year and
then hit with another hurricane and then
this happened and that happened there's
all these disasters and then it caused
the entire market to become a shortage
in it and so of course you know supply
and demand the shortage in the market
just cause the price to go way up
so always happened
was as there is a lot of investors that
were looking at this whole situation and
so what they did is they pre you know
they poured all the vanilla bean but
they pre-ordered all the vanilla bean
before it was picked so they they
literally wiped out our vanilla bean
supply they pre-ordered it held on to
the vanilla bean now if vanilla beans
can last in the in the bag form 10 15 20
years depends on how you keep it it
doesn't really ever go bad so they were
buying and sitting on it and literally
took all the vanilla bean out of the
market and they waited for the prices to
go way up and when the prices went way
up they started selling it off at the
exorbitant prices because vanilla beans
not traded on the stock market and
there's no real weight of control
vanilla bean coffee and cocoa art are
the three things that aren't really
traded on a market there's no real
commodity regulation on it
so because of that reason people are
investors or companies will do these
type of things they'll buy all a vanilla
bean they'll sit on it what they'll
cause the market to get a shortage
they'll wait for the prices just shoot
way up and then they start selling it
off at exorbitant prices that's what
they do so right now we're in one of
those you know skyrocketing price
shortages right now in vanilla bean so
what I bought this bag of vanilla bean I
forgot what I paid for it was like 35 or
40 dollars maybe fifty dollars for a
one-pound bag of vanilla bean now that
same bag is it almost 500 you're saying
even now 600 dollars for that same bag
and accurate a vanilla bean that you're
buying that one pound for $600 isn't
even a as good of a grade as what I got
here and this is B grade from back in
the day the stuff you're getting now is
coming from green beans that weren't
properly cured correctly so you're not
getting the best
vanilla flavor number one and it's just
a lower quality bead because they're
being paid green so it picked and sold
green but vanilla beans have to go
through a drying process that takes
several months to dry if you pick him
green he you don't dry him right it's
just the flavor to bean doesn't develop
so that's what's happening with the
market so if you're looking to buy
vanilla and you're going to pay some of
the higher prices now you're going to
want to make sure that you get the most
use out of your vanilla bean and the way
you do that is by getting the vanilla
paste out of the bean and then when
you're done with the pace you're going
to take the bean husk and you're gonna
make an extract out of it so I just
wanted to cover a little bit about the
vanilla market right now and where we're
at now I've read a lot of reports on it
and a lot of people are saying that it
this you know inflation vanilla
inflation thing is going to collapse and
they can't stay that way forever it's
going that right now Madagascar is going
into full production that means they're
having a good year there Dave they've
increased her crops also Thailand Papua
New Guinea
I think Taiwan there's a bunch of
countries Mexico Mexico is suddenly
kicked in high gear right now because
originally vanilla was from Mexico but
because they were able to cultivate it
much better in Madagascar Mexico's
vanilla plantations and crops they
dropped it because it wasn't worth the
form they were doing so much better in
Madagascar and making grown so many more
beans it just it wasn't worth for them
to do but because the prices are so high
everybody in Mexico now is getting into
the vanilla thing and it grows really
good in Mexico everybody's getting into
the vanilla forming thing so Mexico is
going to be a new major supplier and it
takes about five years for the start of
vanilla to you know where you start
producing vanilla beans takes about five
years for that crop to establish so
Mexico has basically been in a game
roughly about three years now
dirt be going into full full
production mode so in another two to
five years they're going to be up and
running and putting out just as much if
not more to Madagascar so keep that in
mind the prices are probably going to be
so high for the next two to three years
my guesstimate is some people are saying
they don't know they they're thinking
maybe another year but it'll start
breaking and start coming down but then
uh my guess is within two to three years
you'll be able to get that same pound of
vanilla bean again for within a
reasonable price thirty to forty dollars
even seventy dollars is in bed for be
great vanilla bean and let me tell you
these be great vanilla beans aren't bad
at all but just keep that in mind that
if you're gonna buy vanilla you're gonna
pay two high prices now the alternative
to that is to go to imitation vanilla
that's garbage it's made out of I forgot
what it's called
Van Allen vanilla or something and it's
just a it's a synthetic flavor and then
there's other types of products that
have imitation vanilla flavor but they
use natural sources to get the vanilla
flavor but it's not made as
synthetically you could try that again
it's not the same as vanilla vanilla has
a very specific unique quality to it the
oil in the in vanilla has a very unique
effect who when you even out was very
similar to people who are cocoa addicted
not cocaine but like cocoa like when you
get hooked on chocolate you get this
need to have it one have a little time
old vanilla is the same thing if you
consume enough of it you can become
addicted to it so just keep that in mind
but that the prices it is today it's
it's worth I forgot what they said it's
worth twenty times more than a silver
right now so had I known that vanilla
was going to do what it was going to do
at those prices I probably would have
bought 50 pounds of these these bags
into storm because these vanilla beans
don't go bad that you can store them for
longer you keep them in the sealed
container and they're wrapped up nice
and neat
they'll stay moist and nice and pliable
and they'll stay that way for decades as
far as I'm concerned
all right so anyway we're going to make
vanilla extract basically what I do with
another extract is I get a mason jar
like this and hold you back a little bit
I get a mason jar like this and
basically I just fill the jar up with
vanilla beans and wait till I get enough
from them in there and then I add
alcohol now you can use vodka this is
the cheap way to do it and you can Bob
or you could use Everclear which is
almost 200 proof alcohol yes why would
you want to use 200 proof alcohol to
make vanilla extract well there's two
ways of making vanilla extract in order
for you to get pure vanilla extract but
no alcohol isn't going to happen so you
have to use alcohol in that denaturing
process so one of the ways you can do is
you use the vodka and just let it sit in
there if you don't mind a little bit of
a vodka flavor kind of kind of offsets
the flavor at a vanilla little I'll be
honest with you I prefer to have pure
vanilla extract where it's pure with no
alcohol in it rather than without whole
but it's easier and cheaper and it
stores better and longer if you leave it
in the alcohol just simply never goes
bad it just kind of it ages and as it
ages it gets a better flavor but the
other option you have is is to use like
for example Everclear which is two
hundred percent alcohol it's basically
200 it's like 190 something proof and if
you use Everclear what you do is you use
it in here you soak it like you get to
this point here where it's really
concentrated right now this is very very
concentrate right now very powerful
stuff vanilla wise you don't need much
of this to get a good vanilla flavor
from here because it's so concentrated I
have so many beans in here you can see
all the beans why I'm sorry you could
see all the beans I got in there right
so there's a ton of vanilla in here and
I can just keep replenishing this by
adding more alcohol to it but if you use
190 proof or Everclear alcohol what you
can do is you get it to this point
okay we're very concentrate and what you
can do is you you let that a alcohol
evaporate off slowly but surely every
time you go to use it you open it and
you let it sit out in the Sun or
something like that for you know a
couple hours you make sure the bugs
don't get into it be let it sit out and
now the alcohol will drop it will
evaporate a lot it's mostly alcohol so
it's really going to evaporate and it'll
evaporate vaporators time you can
basically evaporate all the alcohol out
of it and now you're left with pure
concentrate of vanilla extract pure
there's you won't even taste any alcohol
and it doesn't leave any aftertaste so
it's pure that's the only way you're
going to get that the Pinschers if you
want to use that turn to get that
extract out of it now that's the other
option I just leave it with the alcohol
it just spreads it out if you're going
to use it for cooking making ice cream
it's something you're not really going
to taste the alcohol especially when you
use vodka because vodka tends to really
lose its sense of alcohol in your when
it combines with liquid like water or
something you don't even really taste
that unless you're really using you know
you could go at a higher grade alcohol
vodka too you can go too much higher
grade higher proof that kind of a thing
and you'll get a better effect this is
just the cheapest stuff I could have
found on you know at the liquor store
alright so those are your two ways you
can go about making the vanilla extract
and concentrating and if you want to do
that I would prefer if you're into
making vanilla ice cream and you really
want to get pure extract you're gonna
want to decant the alcohol off of it
you're really there's really no other
way to do that to get that rich full
vanilla flavor you don't want to use the
alcohol and like when it comes to
vanilla but in cooking cakes and stuff
like that your doesn't really matter
because you're not really going to taste
it it's not going to offset the flavor
noticeably so what I do in order for me
to get the paste out of the middle you
want to take a knife I like to use this
knife a little paring knife if you want
to quality
and what I like to do you just hold one
end of it with your finger and what you
want to do is go through the top layer
of the bean you just want to get through
that top layer and slice that top layer
you don't want to go all the way to the
bottom where you split them both because
now you're really gonna have a hard time
getting that paste out of it though it
does happen these are older beans
they're kind of dry a little bit but
because of that reason it can split very
easily but if you if you just get that
top layer you're alright so let's cut
this open I'm not going to do a mob just
showing you how how to open the bean up
correctly if I could do it with this
this one's really dry alright so once
you get that top cut you want to peel
that back this is a bad example this
one's really breaking apart now these
are old beans so they're dry when you
get fresh beans they slice right easy
you can slice that top open very easy
and so once you get that basically cut
you want to take your knife like this
and you just want to spread that being
apart
now this is a bad example this being is
very dry these beans are probably six or
seven years old maybe eight years old so
they're quite old so they're not in the
best example for me to show you how to
do this I'll try another one this one's
really breaking apart it's really dry
and you just want to scrape that inside
out there's this this black stuff right
here right right here you want to see
that black stuff that's gold right there
that is black old and so basically you
just want to scrape it out and I'm not
going to do this one really this one
doesn't have much in there now some
vanilla beans will have a lot of that
black gold in there and some just simply
don't it's like this one's basically
empty there's not much in there to be
honest but you want to keep scraping it
until you see the wood parts starting to
show yeah if you get a little bit of
that wood powder from the husk gets in
there don't worry about its that's more
vanilla you just don't want to scrape it
the whole thing into a powder you know
not that it'll hurt you but you just you
don't want it gets it starts adding
texture that you don't want you know
yeah that being had nothing in it that
was almost basically empty i/o and the
other thing too when you're making the
extract instead of just cracking the
bean in half and throwing it in there I
recommend opening it up so if you're if
you don't plan on using the the the
vanilla paste on the inside if you don't
plan on actually using that and you're
just gonna put the whole bean in there
anyway still cut it open it and make it
so it's exposed to the extract very
point you do that if you don't do that
you're not gonna get the best use out of
it but again I'll just do this see this
one may split all the way through if it
did we're not going to show it yeah
these are really really dry you want to
get that that black stuff out of there
see that you want to scrape that all out
that's the best way to get the descent
part out and of course you're going to
get it on your hands and what I do is I
just scrape every little bit off all
right you want to make sure you get
every bit off of it I don't want to
waste any of it all right and it's very
easy to waste this stuff because it's a
very fine material once you get to the
point where you scraped it you got what
you want out of it now you're left with
the husk on the outside all right you
want to run your fingers on it too like
this and whenever you get on your
fingers just again scrape off you want
it you want to collect as much of this
as possible because you're going to be
paid
fortunate for this stuff especially
right now so you got to be very
conservative with this stuff alright so
basically once you get that done
all's I do is take it and I put it
inside my my jar like so put every piece
in there don't worry about it right we
get that like so taste good take your
take your vodka this is what I'm using
take your vodka and just add it to the
jar you see you can't even see me can
you back you out and just add it to the
jar now if you don't have any if you
like I make a lot of vanilla extract so
if you don't have any concentrate in the
jar already like a lot of these beans
already been soaking so if you don't
have any it's going to take time for the
beans to develop a color it can take as
much as three months before you start to
see usable vanilla extract so don't
think you're going to do this in like
three days you're gonna have extract
this is this distance these jars see I
used about that much to make that jar
and if somebody's jars are probably
eight years old all right these
concentrates are as long as 80 spent
sitting in my concentrate for eight
years I used a little as cooking as I
needed I use what I need I don't buy it
I use what I could make all right and
these lids don't last forever they do
rot out eventually so you want to buy an
extra pack of lids you buy an extra pack
ADIZ you could get the replacement Bali
lids just buy an extra pack of those
keep them around okay because they will
ride out in time so they don't last
forever but basically what you see here
is clear liquid in there and you don't
see any concentrate but once I start
mixing it up and when you when you're
letting it when you're letting to sit in
your cabinet in the dark place for a
while you're going to want to go into
your cabinet like once a week for like
the first month or so two months even
and take it out of the dark cabinet and
shake it up just like this you want to
make sure you you're mixing it up you're
agitating it you want to give it a good
mix you want to make sure you're really
washing out that vanilla oil you don't
have to go too crazy but you definitely
want to agitate it now you can see that
this is already it's already starting if
you look at the top part it's already
starting to get yellow I mean our Brown
it's already getting the brown color so
it's already leeching it out but some of
these old beans have been soaking for a
while so they're already soft and ready
to go but yeah the more you shake it the
better because you're really working it
around there and so that's that's how I
make my Bella vanilla extract and then
eventually in the end you're going to
end up with a high quality concentrated
form of vanilla extract this stuff is
darker than the darkest expresso coffee
you can imagine there is absolutely
nothing comes close to this vanilla
extract and I used 100% of my beans to
make it so like I said when you start
doing it you could clean out your beans
get the whole thing started but you're
not gonna ever remove those beans from
the from the concentrate those are
always going to be there because those
vanilla beans will always be leaching
out more and more flavor so you just
keep adding to that jar long you know
the longer you got this jar around the
better I think the vanilla flavor gets
so just keep adding the bean to it let
it concentrate and build and build and
build you can't go wrong you're not
wasting any of the vanilla that you're
paying a top dollar for and you're
getting the best use out of it
and anyway that's about it that's a
that's all I really got to say about
vanilla right at this time and you know
I'll sure maybe show you this down the
road and see how dark it gets within a
couple of weeks and then that's it
like share and subscribe and I'll see
you on the next one
you