[Music]
welcome to this short video on pantry
pests and how to get rid of them pantry
pests are often calls stored product
insects because they feed on the store
of products in your pantry
they include pantry moths weevils
biscuit beetles
bihter beetles and book lice these pests
tend to infest dried food such as flour
biscuits cereals pasta rice dried herbs
and pet food you can find out more on
these specific pests and how to identify
them on the Kiwi care website TB care
code NZ although all these pests are
slightly different habits the treatment
for all of them is largely the same
first take all the food out of your
pantry and check it for signs of
infestation dispose of any that is
infested clean the pantry dine with warm
water and detergent then let it dry
completely once it's dry spray the
pantry lightly with new bugs super and
let the spray dry pay particular
attention to any nooks and crannies in
the pantry then you can put unaffected
foodstuffs back in the pantry but ensure
all susceptible goods are sealed in
airtight containers for more information
go to the Kiwi care website a Kiwi
care.com NZ
you