hey guys Brandon here with exoticars 19
doing another quick washing video this
one's a little bit different because
just two days ago I already detailed my
super BRZ I have sitting right over
there but we're going to wash it again
and the reason for that is like I said
about 2 or 3 days ago I spent about 2
hours uh detailing my car uh getting it
really really nice and clean cuz I
didn't plan on driving it as at least
not in the rain anyway um for a while
but then within 24 hours of me telling
it I had to go show a house and if you
live in Austin Texas you know it was
just pouring for 2 days in a row uh but
now it's September 27th and the weather
just could not be better it's very
overcast but no rain in the forecast and
it is like under 70Â° for Austin Texas
this time of the year it's pretty
awesome so I'm going to go ahead and do
a different kind of wash um first off I
just want to show you around the car uh
take a look at some of these shots the
car is for the most part clean that's
what I like about pearl white colors is
it kind of HIDs dirt decently well but
if you look around the back if you look
at the uh Wheels especially the rear
wheels kind of like where the dirt and
splash would kick up you see that it's
not that clean but instead of spending
another 2 hours washing it what I'm
going to do is see how clean I can get
my car without touching it this is a
complete touchless wash it's not a
waterless wash definitely we're going to
use some water and everything but I'm
going to try to not actually make
contact with the car painted uh the
paint paint painted panels anyway with
the towel so with that said I'm going to
be using the power washer with the foam
Canon you guys have seen this in my
other detailing videos if not I will
link them to Amazon to where you guys
could buy the MTM Hydro foam Cannon and
then this is some kind of blue clean uh
Power Washer 1800 PSI you don't really
need a powerful power washer for a foam
Canyon or washing cars anyway so yeah
we're going to go ahead and foam it up
let it sit put and then power wash it
with just the power washer and then
hopefully that's clean enough then we're
going to dry it with the controversial
uh leaf blower so we're just going to
completely Leaf blow it so we don't
touch it and hopefully that will work
some people are scared by leaf blowers
for cars I think that it spits out rocks
and a bunch of crap um that's not true
spits out pretty clean air uh so that
shouldn't be a problem I've done it
before just not on video so let's see
how clean we could get the car without
actually touching it I might cheat a
little bit I'm not going to actually
touch the painted panels with anything
but the uh glass cleaner I might spray
some glass cleaner on there and then
another quick cheat I might put some
tire shine on there you know just to
cheat a little bit just to give it a
good uh clean look but other than that
let's go ahead and point the camera that
way and get washing all right so we're
going to go ahead and spray the foam on
first that way it can stick to the
surface I like to do foam then water and
we'll let the foam sit there for just a
couple minutes
that's fine that's you just watched it
to days ago I'm going be no it was
already really dirty the Corvette looks
good say hi to
YouTube hi
YouTube all right so now that the foam's
on there we're just going to go ahead
and let that sit and because it's so
over outside it's not you know getting
evaporated so quickly so that's like the
perfect condition to wash it uh so yeah
we're going to let that sit for a while
and then uh once your power washer runs
out of foam unscrew this and then just
run it with straight water so it doesn't
[Music]
Jam while the foam is settling over
there I thought I would show you guys
the kind of soap I'm using for both foam
Cannon so just today and also when I do
use bucket like the two bucket method
and everything like that and I'm using a
washm I use this for the most part just
gold Car Wash uh magues it's good stuff
I get it from Costco in like a two pack
or whatever so it's relatively
inexpensive when you do it that way I do
know that that it is also on Amazon so
in case you guys just want a quick
One-Stop shop uh the power washer the
foam Cannon this stuff uh probably even
this higher shine and window stuff can
be on Amazon and uh just because I know
you guys don't like to shop around too
much I will put all that in the
description all the links uh so yeah
we're just kind of buying time while the
foam is settling so uh one once that
settled we'll go ahead and wash it down
all right so it's been about 3 minutes
the foam settled pretty nicely uh and
like I said when it's overcast it could
really take some time on there without
getting evaporated so what we're going
to do now to avoid any marks like water
marks and soap marks or whatever we're
going to go ahead and just power wash it
now and we want to take our time with
this step because we're not going to go
through this is a touchless wash so
we're not going to go in and U and
actually use the wash M uh hopefully you
could hear me with the wind in the
garage I don't know anyway now we're
going to go ahead and just power wash
the
off all right so we're done with the
fire washer completely we're done using
water now we're just going to go ahead
and try it with this leaf blower
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right guys so I just finished drying
it up with the leaf blower and I'll go
ahead and walk you around the car so you
guys could uh could see it for yourself
so like I said a couple days ago I spent
almost or just about 2 hours
detailing this thing and then it rained
on it so instead of just doing another 2
hours uh washing it I just did what you
guys saw just foamed it up power washed
it and then uh that was pretty clean on
its own but I didn't want to dry it with
the microfiber towel just in case it
wasn't that clean uh CU obviously it's
not going to be as clean as uh washing
it normally with a wash mitt so instead
of drying it that way as you guys saw I
just did it with the uh leaf blower
there so uh with that said let's go
ahead and look around I'm actually
pretty pleased with it this is only the
second time I've done this but it wasn't
that dirty to start with so where the
bugs were right there all
gone and uh let's see here the wheels
are the only thing that's going to have
like the biggest difference the wheels
are much much cleaner than they were but
they are not as clean as they would be
if I went in there with a wash Mt um and
I did not put anything like a vinyl
cleaner or uh or any wheel shine tire
shine or glass cleaner uh at least not
yet so it's kind of a matte look on the
tire so uh anyway let's just go ahead
and go to the parts that were really
dirty like right here there was just a
bunch of Kicked Up Mud on there it
actually looks just as clean as it would
for the most part as if I were to wash
it normally there's a couple of water
marks on the black here uh kind of hard
to avoid that but you could just go with
there with some backto black um shine or
whatever from meu or mothers I forgot
who makes it uh looking around here
usually the back end is very dirty after
rain
uh not too bad a little water spot here
I guess I missed that with the power
washer but this is plastic so I could
just go in there with a with my thumb
and I'm not going to scratch anything
because this is plastic it's not clear
coat paint so uh yeah back end's usually
very very dirty after a wash or after a
driving in the rain but looks pretty
clean now after the quick wash and again
right here that was a very dirty spot
looks very very clean the wheel wells
obviously Pretty Dirty didn't get in
there but uh yeah all in all 30 minutes
to restore the 2hour wash for the most
part not bad at all so probably just off
camera I'm going to go ahead and add
some tire shine uh in window cleaner you
guys probably won't notice the
difference on camera but just to give it
a little extra freshly clean look but
that's just to give you guys an idea on
how clean you could get your car without
actually touching it so you know less
Swirls and less cause uh for any damage
or anything like that and 30 minutes
versus a couple hours I'll take that so
anyway thank you guys for watching and
have a good one