today on the stay at home chef I'm
showing you how to make Italian orzo
pasta salad this cold pasta salad is
perfect for summer picnics and backyard
barbecues we're going to start by
cooking our orzo pasta bring a pot of
water to a boil and then pour in your
orzo pasta cook it according to the
package directions it should take about
nine minutes while the pasta is cooking
we can go ahead and prep all of our
other ingredients we're going to be
using four ounces of sliced olives four
ounces of mini pepperonis one green bell
pepper chopped up and about a quarter
cup of chopped pepper Chaney's we're
also going to use a pint of sliced
tomatoes and I have an amazing trick for
you when it comes to slicing Tomatoes
take a handful of cherry or grape
tomatoes and put them on your cutting
board then take a lid with a flat
surface on it I'm using a clear lid
today and press down on those tomatoes
then take your knife the little hold
them still and just run them across and
you'll slice all of them at once
isn't that amazing seriously this is so
much easier than slicing them one at a
time
once our pasta has finished cooking
we're going to drain it and then rinse
it with some cold water then take that
pasta and pour it into a large mixing
bowl add in your tomatoes olives
pepperoni bell pepper and pepper
cheney's now I know that a lot of
recipes for pasta salad have you used a
bottled dressing but not me I love
cooking from scratch so first we're
going to pour in 2/3 of a cup of olive
oil 1/4 cup of white vinegar
a teaspoon each of oregano and salt and
then last of all a half teaspoon each of
onion powder garlic powder sugar and
dried parsley and a quarter teaspoon
each of black pepper and basil just stir
this all together ideally you want to
chill this salad in the fridge for about
an hour but it's good to go the way it
is you know what I'm going to add in one
last ingredient some cubed mozzarella
cheese I can't help myself I love fresh
mozzarella cheese and it makes this
salad irresistible homemade can be so
simple and so delicious you can find the
full written recipe in the video
description be sure to subscribe and
check out my channel where you can find
more than 100 restaurant quality recipes
you can easily make at home see you
later
you