one hour later not even and I just put
fluid inside but looks like we had a
little bit of a wet spot to the outside
here appear in the video from last hour
you're probably going to see that notice
here I put them piece up you know
something down here just to see if it
would catch any sort of fluid as such I
don't see anything
but there's a little wetness on that
tire they're not tell you right there
over here
wetness wait a little bit there yeah
witness going down to the ground and out
to here so more than likely the brake
fluid that I just put in is now dead and
seeped out environmentalist please go
ahead and yell at me let me - because
this rides probably gonna kill me it's
been nice knowing everyone and I'm
sweating good lord of the park because
right now nice to actually have to stop
for commuting to work so this is going
to be an interesting interesting with
twenty minutes or so you don't hear from
me or see me then you know I'm dead so
he's out