the downpour that we're having the last
couple days there is overwhelming and
just give this a few plunges to keep her
from getting any worse I mean that will
help in the short term and I'm going to
head out to Home Depot pretty quick and
pick up some parts to divert the water
away from the house
he did because I already have this part
so that's a three inch that's a four
inch I needed a connector so that'll go
in the top because I'll take the down
spot out and then this will top it off
to stop the water from going in and
trying to connect the system anymore I
also need some type of piping or the
magic to be because I plunged outside
prior to leaving the waters already gone
down a bit one of the problems I've had
every once in a while usually the
beginning of the rainy season I come
down and I find a little puddle of water
here so a couple years ago when I found
it for the first time I thought it was
the hot water tank because it's sitting
right there and I actually paid $800 and
got a new hot water tank only to find
that that hermit I have no water on this
side of my house other than the water
tank but that's just a tank I have no
water source so I had gone to my
neighbor and told them because they have
their washer and dryer and a bathroom on
this side of the house and I told them
like obviously their water was coming
through however I realize in the
long-term that it was a they have a
downspout in the corner of the house
over here of course on the outside and I
said you've got to get your water
diverted away from my house because the
downspout I feared was overwhelmed and
so the water was coming in down here and
I would underneath the oil tank
they did fix it and actually dug up part
of their yard and this year I came back
and there was water on the floor again
so I now have no idea and I'm hoping
that because I'm going to get my
downspout water or watching my showers
and hoping that's going to be a wrap
I can't decided against cutting it and
actually they just take the screw off up
here and that way I can just lift the
down photo because it's just slightly
won't come over the lip here and this
has been on here for about two years now
so it's kind of tough to get off so I'm
not going to worry about messing around
with that right now
let the down cut out
and live now the water won't go in there
anymore mol pipe so this one is going to
go in here it's going to connect to this
that is 12 feet long and I'm just going
to run it right out
nobody out of the way okay so you can
see it fits here nicely it's not a tight
fit but good enough
I've already dragged out several areas
in this backyard every year I think I
fix it from the rain starts it's not
fixed I have a feeling the foundation
maybe has to be resealed so eventually
this backyard would probably have to be
brought right down to the bottom of
these stairs and you know dug out maybe
eight feet and all of the drainage
redone so this is the end result entry
into the ground is plugged pretty easy
actually anybody can do it just figure
out how the water flows is the main
thing I know I've got water running
under the house as well as the drainage
up red runs out that way so figure out
how your water runs and you can figure
out a solution from there literally
about 20 minutes later in the water is
already receding mind you it also
stopped raining