what's happening everybody comes back
front light good morning Fred family
it's exactly 10:00 and the phone just
started ringing the second we were open
thanks for calling Monument this is cam
how may I help you okay yeah just
remember dude you only have to do half
up front then you do the other half when
you pick up so hopefully that makes it a
little easier for you all right Anthony
uh hit me up let me know brother dude
the phone man I just I'm not equipped
for this fun it drives me nuts thanks
for calling Monument this is cam how may
I help you I didn't really start but I
relocated I brought the printer over
here and then there's gonna be a thing
on this wall and then another big kind
of fake pallet rack here and there maybe
will be one here as well also decided
that we can utilize this space better
instead of just one sorting table we're
gonna have a tiered rack as well so we
just put stacks and shirts that are
ready to be printed right here today
I've actually brought the thing in here
and I'm going to be personally sewing on
hem tags for this particular company
right here XD expeditions and what can I
say we're behind on every job and not
just this client but every client we've
more or less completely dropped the ball
on our delivery dates and I'm hoping
that just I fixed the press and that's
sorted out but if not we need to get
some new equipment in here and dude
the press is finicky as however I'm
hoping I fixed that and this phone man
I'm not equipped to deal with customer
service did I just get pissed I get
pissed and frustrated and you know all
of these phone calls are because we're
behind on every job and everyone's
waiting on their to get delivered
and having the Liberty yet so I dread
answering the phone
thanks for calling monument this is can
yes I mean it should be there they
should that so did you would not get an
email with your tracking all righty man
hey dude and thank you for your patience
man we've been we've been trippin man
we're just having a hell of a time over
here we'll talk to you soon
you do lucky for me I'm getting really
cool clients but it does not change the
fact that yeah I've noticed I don't it's
not that I hate answering the phone or
doing customer service I don't like it
when I'm gonna have to answer to people
for our shortcomings and our failures as
a print shop that's what I don't like
answering it anyways back to what I was
talking about I'm going to be stitching
hem tags on these shirts using this
singer now to be clear we also have help
I have a seamstress that does this for
us but today I just figured she has like
this really cool it's not sing it's not
my singer maybe it is by seeing her but
it's a front facing sewing machine and
it's really none of the ham tags get so
long but you can still accomplish it
with a good old fashioned singer and
she's busy as I need content so I
figured I would show you how me doing it
on a traditional sewing machine instead
of a specialized one writing spaghetti
let's do it
ah I can't get it started yeah I got
something else I have to do first when
you don't have a lot of help and you
know you're doing a lot of things for
yourself it's very difficult to start
one task and see it to completion
without getting interrupted and having
to do something else but I had a very
important email come through come
through has it come through words it
come through I'm pretty sure it's come
through for an event in Vegas for a very
special company and I'm excited to work
with so I was just kind of I'm still
buttoning that up but one of the things
that I had to learn the hard way with
pay Junction and with my clients in
general is that if you know we have a
limit of processing where if it's over
5k we have we have to request a limit
increase and I know it sounds like a bit
of a hassle but it's a actually a safety
precaution when you process online
orders
because it prevents anybody from doing
too large of an order without you having
to like acknowledge it and get some
additional forms of authentication to
protect you in case something happens
that was long-winded to say that if
you're processing orders and it's over
5k you need to get a credit
authorization form filled out by the
person with the card another phone call
thanks for calling Monument my name is
cam how may I help you
hey Regina yeah all bad news one more
job extremely important as well and then
you're next on the list cool
doctor soon
we're turning into his I've been it's
this is crazy right and I guess it's a
good problem to have but we're just
kidding so much it's not that we have a
lot of work but we're getting more work
than just Jesse and I can really deal
with the fact that we keep missing dates
is stressing me out on a level that I
just cannot express and I have no
solutions on how to fix it and even
worse
there could be hundred people that came
at me and told me all the ways that they
were able to speed up their process and
I wouldn't be able to apply any of them
because we don't have the infrastructure
we don't have the equipment we don't
have the help we don't have the workers
it's none of it I have to this from the
point of view of this print shop it's
like I have to reevaluate the entire
thing tear it all down but I have to get
into a scenario where we did we have all
the right equipment we have the right
systems right which is coming that's
step number one is the right systems
once the systems are here that we can
start bringing in the equipment I'm not
focusing on any of that until the system
is in place okay the game plan is just
really alright I'm back to this so I
mean it's pretty straightforward I just
you know the standard on on these we
usually do it to the left or the right
but usually on the left so I'm just
hemming it up
and then I'll place it in and usually
I'm a I'll set the needle just so I know
where it's gonna be at
and I think the trick with this is
making sure that it's not bunching the
tag up underneath the foot that's the
that's just all you're really worried
about it is pretty straightforward other
than that
[Music]
there we go again dude this is not the
right sewing machine for this job there
are ones that are more efficient at it
but if you are just using a traditional
sewing machine you'll notice there's a
point with the machine where the teeth I
don't know if you can see this I'm gonna
try to zoom in a little bit
the teeth are up above the plate here
and this that's going to be the hardest
position to get fit under the tag
position property what you want to do is
you're gonna use this to turn the meal
until it's touching and when when the
needle is kind of at the midpoint it's
just where it's touching the foot here
these teeth drop down and it makes it
easier to position the tag without I
don't know without without the teeth
catching on it I feel like this may not
make sense unless you've been trying to
do this but if you've tried doing this
before you'll understand what I'm saying
it can be hard to get the tag positioned
properly if the teeth are catching so
you drop it down through the teeth are
touching on the bottom of this and it's
much easier places for positioning
[Music]
[Music]
at my feet daga
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that's not for me what is this and I
don't know what this stuff is because I
don't remember ordering nothing so it's
a very industrial gripper for your GoPro
so this allows you to mount your GoPro
easily without having the permanent
thing on the front of your lid so first
you got el GoPro then you got el helmet
good where's my thing
but I do do silly so right now I
lost I was trying to get that little
GoPro thing together to show you the
helmet cam and then I had there's this
little case that the GoPro goes off in
and I was clicking with it I'm sitting
right here
clicking ready just fiddling you know
fidgeting that's what I do right and now
I can't find it I've torn this place
apart I'm almost in tears cuz I cuz I do
not know the I did with that day
can you swear you look there
you didn't look right in that one spot
and it was right in front you the whole
time GoPro the bank opens bling
I thought it was on this it's not on
this you see this is the problem I
thought it was up there I opened this
it's not here this is my GoPro holder
here
[Music]
you guys are missing something amazing
yeah
oh she was standing on her back legs for
she can pretty much down on her back
legs as long as she wants it's so cute
[Music]
it's right here oh my god it's on the
 thing dude I looked right at
this right at it dude I got
problems we've had a little digression
but we're back GoPro check the thing
that I looked for for the better part of
an hour
check clip down on the helmet like that
it gives you a way to get the GoPro on
here without permanently of fixing
anything to it it feels pretty stable it
may not be the most stable way mine
ain't bad
you guys are like hey dude why are you
worried about putting a camera on a
microphone Hey shopping cart this yours
Danny yeah now you're good you can park
it there so this is a really clean way
to do it dude you don't have to have
anything permanent on your on your thing
it's easy to take off when you're done
yeah dude this is a great solution for
mounting a GoPro to your helmet if you
ask me no no I think I definitely think
it's the best option this is obviously a
leash you just wrap this leash into your
connections like this so in case it does
fall off at dangles but Jesse's about to
wrap up today anyway gonna go take Gigi
for a walk real quick and then Gigi
where you going
look at this there's a dog on a mission
let's get a picture of this guy hang on
stop stop yeah look at that cool does
not show up on camera very well there we
go look at that not a bad way to tie a
bow on today thank you so much for
hanging with me print them that's it
we're gonna cut it short say bye to Gigi
take care yourselves guys peace out
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]