hey guys I know how much you all love
your smoothies so today I am really
excited to be teaming up once again with
silk to bring you brand new smoothie
ideas all summer long we're calling it
our summer of smoothies and trust me it
is going to be delicious today I'm
kicking things off with five of my
favorite green smoothie recipes that
taste so yummy you might forget they're
good for you first up today I've got my
Tropic kale smoothie and this is one of
my favorite ways to actually make kale
taste good it all starts with some silk
coconut in my blender and to that I'm
adding some yummy tropical flavors like
banana pineapple and mango I'm also
adding a whole lot of kale don't worry I
swear it's all going to work out I'm
going to finish this off with a good
helping of grated Ginger we're going to
blend all of that yum up and you end up
with something that might be green but
actually tastes really really good take
my word for
this next up on today's green smoothie
Extravaganza is my vanilla Vado smoothie
which starts with some silk creamy
cashew in my blender to that I'm adding
a whole lot of greens some avocado a
banana for creaminess and some vanilla
protein powder I'm going to blend all of
that up and what you end up with is this
Ultra creamy yummy smoothie that will
keep you full into
lunch now next I've got my sweet and
tart citrus green
smoothie this one starts with some
orange juice to that I'm adding a whole
lot of spinach two clementines that I've
peeled you could really use any kind of
oranges you wanted in this and finally
I'm going to add half an avocado for
some creaminess all you need to do is
put on the lid and blend away you won't
believe how well that OJ masks the
flavor of that spinach not bad for four
ingredients next up I've got my peachy
green tea smoothie I love this smoothie
because it's loaded with all of the
antioxidant goodness of green tea I'm
getting started in this recipe with some
silk coconut in my blender to that I'm
going to add a heaping helping of greens
a banana some frozen peaches and a few
teaspoons of matcha green tea powder if
you're not familiar with it it's this
fine green powder that basically is just
a really condensed version of all of the
goodness of green tea you can usually
find it at a large Supermarket a health
food store or at specialty tea shops or
special tea shops get it special tea
shops blend away and what you end up
with is a peachy green way to start your
day my final smoothie today is really
good for you and tastes like it's really
good for you I should warn you there is
no sweetness to this particular green
smoothie it's actually a Savory green
smoothie which I really love cuz I'm
sort of a Savory girl over a sweet girl
it is a bit of an acquired taste if you
wanted to add a little sweetness you
could do that with some pear or some
apple or even a banana but if you're
hardcore like me just go green this one
starts with a good splash of coconut
water to that I'm adding some plain
Greek yogurt some greens some cucumber
some avocado you get where I'm going
with this it's a lot of green in here
I'm also going to add for a little bit
of flavor some freshly squeezed lemon
juice a pinch of cayenne pepper for some
heat and a little sprinkle of salt if
you are so inclined then all you need to
do is blend that bad boy up and what
you've got is a whole lot of Green
Goodness in a glass I really hope you'll
give some of these tasty ideas a try and
if you do don't forget to tweet me
Instagram me or SnapChat me a photo
because you guys know I love seeing what
you're coming up with in your very own
blenders speaking of photos don't forget
to follow me on Instagram at the itic
geek one where silk and I will be
sharing brand new smoothie bowl ideas
all summer long and you're not going to
want to miss those finally if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe
because there is lots more smoothie
deliciousness where this came from