we're gonna pretend that my hair does
not look like this because I have not
done it yet
[Music]
hey guys it's me Madeline and today as
you read from the title we are going to
be baking cookies in my car but for a
second time I did this video about a
year ago August 15 ish time I don't know
and I did it on a cloudy day and it was
like 94 degrees out well the past like
three weeks it has been in the hundreds
that is unheard of at least for July
around where I live because it normally
starts to get that hot at the ending of
July or whenever it's August time but it
has been extremely hot since the
beginning of July it hit us fast and
unexpected anyway so I wanted to do this
video again whenever it is this hot
because the last time like I said I did
it when I was like 94 and cloudy out so
I think it's going to work even faster I
think last time it took about I don't
remember I had to look for like three or
four hours I'm gonna guess it's gonna
take about two hours this time and I'm
excited to try it again
this time I'm not going to put plastic
wrap on top because if you watched last
year's video it made the cookies taste
like plastic wrap so it was really gross
you want to use something over the top
of it just so it doesn't get
contaminated in your car because you are
baking in your car I'm sorry my cat is
low right next to my camera I opened up
the window for you are you happy she
likes to sit on windows
you can't tell that she's playing with
these little things nope no no nope
I'm not playing with that mommy's gonna
have to put you down if you keep messing
around it okay
okay girl come on just a little bit once
I'm done some okay if you guys are new
here please do not forget to subscribe
and make sure to give the video a like
and now we're gonna open these my Pam
last time was too shallow and so the
plastic wrap touched the cookies and
made them taste like plastic oh it comes
with like a little actually do that when
you do it cook it with that thing on top
should I try it
it comes with like a little plastic
topper now we're going to be putting the
cookies in here I guess I should show
you guys the temperature so it is 12 32
and the temperature outside is and it's
almost 100 but as you can see as the day
goes on it gets hotter and hotter and
hotter so this will be perfect I had to
do it today because as you see later
down in the week it's only gonna be high
90s and I wanted to do and it was a
hundred degrees there you go there you
go there you go and also the next few
days I think are cloudy - yeah cloudy
and then there we actually getting rain
mom we're supposed to get rain on
Tuesday honestly we haven't had rain in
like two months so we need it bad so the
cookies that I bought were in these mini
chocolate chip
Nestle kind I think last time I used
Pillsbury and it was like a tube and I
got cut off but I got these mini
chocolate chip cookie
where are they gonna just have mini
chocolate chips in it oh I thought they
were gonna be like tiny now it says 40
mini coup keys okay
so the reason why I got these was
because I feel like if they're smaller
they'll bake faster so we're gonna make
like tiny ones little squares yeah also
don't look at my nails I need to get
them done really bad really really bad
so just ignore that I'm waiting until a
week
for when my mom's are ready to get done
so that that can be like our little
thing when I come home from college
does it go get her nails done I'm
actually going to like kind of smash two
of them together and go ahead and make
them flat ish like that and still make
them pretty small but I feel like it's
gonna be like really small last time we
only made six cookies so at least this
time I'll make a little bit more I was
going to make a dough that did not
contain eggs or the flour I think it'd
like bake the flour or something so that
it's safe to eat kind of like when you
make you're not supposed to eat ramen
you know I'm too lazy so I'm just going
to not do that and yeah we're just gonna
do this and hope I don't get salmonella
and die making two more cookies than
last time but the pan is smaller maybe
if I'm moving them over do you think
they'll spread out a lot thanks mr.
Peavey so I should leave oh yeah
here are the here are the cookies on the
pan and now I'm gonna go put them in the
car whoo
all right so we are putting on film all
right well my mom's car has only been
preheating for like 30 minutes but it's
okay
oh you think it's not gonna be good
still hot though
do I need to back my car back okay so we
just moved my car my mom's car so it is
moved my mom's car behind my car so that
the Sun is beating down directly on it
and it's actually so it is 12:45
you're a good girl for not coming out
here you could have come out but you
didn't because you're the best girl ever
next time you guys see me my hair will
look better all right so my alarm is
going off for the cookies it is
currently a hundred degrees all right
let's go check
hopefully the plastic on top isn't like
interfering with it baking but they're
like melted yeah
do you see you like that oil
I didn't even the pan so why is it doing
that
the last cookies didn't do that oh it's
gonna be a dud
[Music]
I mean they definitely have melted I
don't know why it's okay we'll come back
hi son hello next check-in let's go I
hope they're not like oily steel steel I
don't know why it's doing that oh my god
it's even hotter I didn't check the
temperature it's probably like one in
one now or still a hundred why is it
doing that like I wonder if like water
ain't that cookie is this like coming
out or something yeah son is still
directly over top of them so that's good
where we moved is like a duplex area and
it's still being built so that's why all
around us isn't very pretty looking yeah
in our driveway is really muddy and
stuff we've finally got grass though so
that's exciting then right next to us
still being built this is our three I
think check in three oh gosh it is way
hotter out here now
also I sharing my hair so well I can't
see I think
I guess I can't see because I closed my
eyes oh there's even more oil this time
should we take them out I'm gonna go get
my mom's keys really quick and I'm gonna
like touch them and see what they feel
like I think this is about last time
when I took them out it's even hotter
today let's open this sucker up maybe
I'd also like cookies holy moly it's hot
out oh I don't know shut the door now
it's really hot is it already like
fogging up that's how hot it is in this
car my freaking lens is fogging up
ladies and gentlemen this is why you do
not leave animals in the car I'm already
like dying I didn't like it feel the
freaking oh my gosh I literally can feel
the heat that's in there and it's like
it's escaping okay oh they're like
squishy yeah I'm gonna leave them for
another hour oh they smell really good
my cooking time is gonna have to be cut
short because I have to go to an
emergency babysitting thing so I'm gonna
have to take the cookies out now it is
404 so they have been in there for three
hours in 25 minutes or something like
that I guess I'm just gonna go ahead and
well I guess I could just leave them
it's not like they're gonna burn should
I leave them hmm should I just leave the
cookies in there he's we're only gonna
be gone for two hours cuz it's not like
it they're gonna burn in the car never
mind I'm just gonna leave them in there
we'll see what happens when I get back
it is almost 6:45 and I have not been
able to check on
cookies we just left the babysitting gig
it was for a church and they had way too
many babies and not enough people so we
got called in and we went and baby fell
asleep in my arms
then another baby fell asleep when
Stephens arms it was really cute we're
gonna go eat and then check on the
cookies and watch them like actually be
burnt but bit funny I probably won't be
able to check on the cookies for another
45 to an hour 45 minutes to an hour oh I
thought you meant 45 seconds or
something 45 seconds to there okay here
are the cookies we're getting them out
once and for all there the cookies are
it's pretty warm on the bottom but the
Sun hasn't been over the car for a while
now but I think they're done they look
like regular cookies and that oil got
all soaked up it's a little bit mushy
they're kind of crumbly I'm not really
that hungry except just ate Higuera
you're so cute I'm not very hungry but
I'm gonna try it anyway they're not very
good but they do taste like cookies and
they're definitely cooked how I normally
like them I wouldn't just eat these to
eat them they're not that good of
cookies and I like it when they're gooey
in the middle that's how I normally try
and cook them when they're in the oven
look it's a shape of a cookie try that
it's my cooking try it
mmm it tastes like a cookie mm-hmm
does taste like a cookie it's cooked
though does it not taste like a trick
you to me really cool it looks like a
rootbeer lollipop like there's like
something wrong with them
like a rootbeer sucker I don't know
what's wrong with them but they don't
taste like plastic like last time it
does work whoo-hoo so you can bake
cookies in your car do not leave your
animals in a locked car if you guys want
to check my first initial reaction to me
baking cookies in my car make sure to
watch the video that I did about a year
ago because I get way too excited in
that video this is what I kind of knew
was gonna happen I just wanted to see if
it would cook faster but honestly it
didn't I mean I also left him in there
for like three extra hours but they're
still not cooked all the way and the
first time they were cooked better I
don't know if this cuz it was on like an
actual metal pan and this time I use
like a tinfoil pan that could be an
issue but yeah if you guys enjoy this
video please give it a like and make
sure to subscribe down below and you can
make cookies in your car hope you guys
are having a great day or night whenever
you're watching this and OBS in my next
video bye guys