as well as striving to preserve its
independence
San Marino also produces foods with
protected status I'm going to use the
local honey to create a pudding fit for
a Capital Region's I am on top of San
Marino 700 meter above sea level and I
have to admit is a little bit nippy but
well worth it look the view behind me I
do cook in the best places ever in Italy
now you guys have bread and butter
pudding I'm gonna do arrest which is
very similar by using very local
ingredients I am sure that everybody
gets one of these every Christmas and
probably only 10% of you will actually
slice it than ever with a cup of tea
everybody else will like what am I gonna
do with it
first cut the panettone into about an
inch and a half slices and then cut
again into triangles I love to use
panettone for my pudding because usually
with a bread and butter pudding you will
smother it with butter with this one you
don't have to do it because panettone
already has but erd√©ly place the pieces
in the dish and press down can you see
all these little raisins don't throw
them away because this is all flavor
just scatter them all over and then I'm
using some local honey here which I'm
just gonna drizzle e this now let me
show you how to make the cold custard
usually when you have a bread and butter
pudding you will put on the heat the
custard then thicken it up I'm using a
completely different technique which is
much simpler and it works as good as for
the cold custard use two whole eggs and
four yolks just gently whisk what I
don't want you to do is whisk too hard
because otherwise is going to start to
form and all the other ingredients they
don't blend in very well when it forms
in there we're gonna put a little bit of
vanilla extract or a tablespoon of
vanilla extract onto the job then I'm
using some Marsala one use three
tablespoons of this sweet wine and then
add some castor sugar and whisk together
add 400 milliliters of full fat milk and
a glug of double cream the double cream
is gonna give extra richness
job done your custard is ready okay so I
got my panettone with the hanging in the
dish get yourself a ladle and what you
want to do slowly slowly make sure you
pull the custard on the panettone
[Music]
now once this is done what I want you to
do is to make sure that you gently push
the panna tuning to the custard
finally to give it a nice crust sprinkle
over some brown sugar
now you may wondering how am I gonna
cook the pudding here well I asked the
restaurant the corner from here there is
a chef called Fabio and I said to him I
begged him this one has any chance you
can pull the oven on and very kindly
I believe he said yes kind of for steam
Kennedy she Alaura Nell for no shame to
see Santa being and Fabio by the way is
a Michelin star chef no pressure
I'm going to serve my panettone pudding
with sweet to record now in Italy we use
a lot of sweet and ricotta I'm gonna
sweeten with honey folding the honey and
it's done the puddings been in the oven
at 160 degrees for 25 minutes for my
beliefs worse and the smell is
incredible
see that's what you want you into the
crust you want all the custard beautiful
and absorbed in the middle to finish
sprinkle with icing sugar
Bellino medicinal Kennedy she terrassa
Jam Oh sir
I wanted the truth
and that's ego antastic Oh grandpa
fantasticness my line usually but it's
okay
a crow Conte and I said nice and crispy
on top that's the way should it be this
is just magnificent panettone and honey
pudding with local ingredients than here
in the beautiful San Marino with my
friend Bobby
[Music]
you