Y what is up guys it is swag here I'm on
Borderland 2 a lot of you guys have been
requesting that I do a siren uh video
for the sirens I
use uh gear and skills this is the uh
siren class that I have been using quite
a long time I've been using this
specific character for over I believe
two and a half years now this is the
only character I used I really like it
pretty good uh for the most part it's
the most DPS that you can get from the
siren at this point I think it's really
good I got the build originally from
baru who's the man of all men and then I
originally just uh edited a little bit I
have a l bunch of different variations
you can use it with the cat and the
siren class mod it's very versatile
between the two the siren's a little bit
here and Cat's a little bit more dpsing
so yeah hope you guys enjoy and get into
it in just a
second all right guys let's get into the
actual skill build the first tree you're
going to want to go down is the
cataclysm tree uh this is the one you
want to go all the way down on so the
first first skill we're going to do is
foresight which gives you plus 40% to
magazine size and 50% to reload speed
which is pretty good for the weapons
that you end up using on this
build such as the sand talking the
[ __ ] next skill you're going to want to
go into is five into flicker which
increases shock corrosive and slag
effects with slag corrosive and shock
guns which is the sand talks that you
have the next skill you're want to go
into is five into Chain Reaction which
is one of best perks in the game in my
opinion it's equivalent to bore you can
pimper now you say lock something your B
your shots bounce off next skill you're
going to go on is five into Reaper which
is pretty damn insane uh plus 80% damage
to any enemy that has to 50% Health left
now for these five perks that you have
right here just put one into each of
them nothing else matters they all kind
of suck none of them actually scale to
your OP level the only one that does
scale is the IM late one and it's not
very good for fighting in your life let
go you want to go down into on this
build is ruined which is the best skill
for Maya mostly because it slags enemies
as soon as you phase lock them which is
insane as long and it also electrocutes
and corrodes them which is pretty good
next tree you're going to want to go
into is the harmony tree you're going to
want to put five into mine's eye for
critical hit damage and melee damage
melee doesn't matter
but the critical hit damage is a must
the next you want to go into wreck five
into wreck because you gain increased
fire rate and damage with all gun types
when an enemy is phase lock this is
really really good uh next skill you
want to go into res if you're playing
with multiplayer if not you can put it
into the next tree one of the perks has
four in them if you want to have it
there you want to put five into
accelerate damage and bullet speed with
all gun types which is pretty damn good
for the SMG that you end up using on
this build or whatever else you want to
do increased bullet speed is
good the next skill you're going to want
to go into is five into Ward because it
increases your Shield capacity and
shield recharge rate The Shield you use
has a very low very slow delay and it
Shield capacity could be better so this
brings it up to about a million with the
siren class mod it brings it over a
million which is pretty good next skill
you want to go into is five into
suspension which is pretty great next
which is just increases it five into so
if your Shields go down which they do a
lot you want to go into five into this
so you run really fast it also works
with the break neck Banshee and the ru R
Shield five into uh one into this
because your phas lock pulls many
enemies in so you get all the Agger off
of you it's like a little Singularity
you're going to want five into sub
sequence because now if you want to go
mobbing all you have to do is just lag
an enemy kill it goes to the next one
it's pretty good and then you put for
into this one because you have a relic
that reduces your cool down rate if you
don't want to use res you can put the
other perk into here all right now we're
going to go into our
gear our gear for the most part you're
going to be wanting to use a flying sand
talk uh you can use stopping I like
flying personally because of how fast
the bullet
goes I have one in ell every element
flying sand talk for the most part all
you really need is
fire shock and corrosion
but normal sand talk and the slag hand
sand talk are pretty good as well uh the
next skin you want to get is a Grog
nozzle every op8 character should have a
Grog nozzle pretty simple then the
Norfleet every character should have a
nor Fleet pretty good nor fleet's just
simple you you go down you hit it the
last gun I like to use is the [ __ ]
because as you'll see the [ __ ] shoots
faster if you ever go down into fight
for your life and you are out of North
Fleet
ammo you see how fast the sand CLX
shoots right it doesn't shoose one burst
per a second you shoot with the [ __ ]
you'll be able to hit something and get
out it's really good in the craw fight
if you run up ammo you just shoot the
little Krab boids and you kill them all
uh for your Shield you're going to want
to get a be Shield I use a grounded be
Shield uh I like the alkaline one a lot
better but my amp damage for the be
Shield is a lot better than the alkaline
one um I would get one in every element
and blast proof only because it gives
you the most protection for whatever
you're up against it's pretty simple I
don't have a inflammable one but it's
whatever uh use a sham if you want to
get infinite bullets infinite Rockets
with the Logan's Gun Class mods
legendary cat class mod or the legendary
siren class mod either or it's pretty
good the only differences is Ward and
wreck and Reaper and flicker uh Ward
gives you more Shields while Reaper will
do more damage and wreck as well so like
I said the cat class mod is more dpsy
siren builds more
bulky uh for the grenade mod you will
most likely want to
use come on come on come on load
load sorry this is a commentary thought
I thought I would try a new thing here
apparently I didn't want to leave this
little page that we're on right now but
it's whatever all right for your grenad
you're going to want to use the magic
Missile the grenade really matters
reloads ammo for the grenade it's pretty
good and then for your relics you're
going to want to use bone of the
Ancients in every element depending on
whatever sand you're using uh this is
why I don't have four into my cooldown
rate because this has it for you this is
essentially an extra perk
level uh see it works uh that's why I
have four in here instead of having it
into there and uh yeah that's pretty
much it this is my build this is my
variation of the basic cat class mod I
don't really use anything else on this
build I just have random weapons here
just in case I want to switch it up a
little a little bit so yeah that's it
thanks guys see you next time