[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to my channel
today's recipe is very simple and easy
it's my avocado and tuna salad and you
can find all the ingredients for this
recipe listed down below the video and
don't forget to follow me on social
media and now let's start so my
ingredients are so easy and available
everywhere
first of all I'm going to start with
some Tomatoes I cut mine into Cubes but
of course you can cut yours into slic or
whatever shape you like then I'm going
to add some onion slices I have here
white onion but you can use red onions
they work fine too then I'm going to add
some chopped
parsley you can use some chopped
cilantro if you like it works great with
avocados I'm adding here some caned
tuna and finally I'm going to add my
avocados I'm going to show you a very
easy and simple way to cut it so using
your knife cut your avocado into two now
work with each half at a time I'm going
to cut it into cubes like a crisscross
pattern and scoop what you got using a
spoon and here you go your avocado is
peeled and cut into cubes with less than
1
minute and now I'm going to do the same
with the other half of course I'm going
to remove the pit and repeat the same
process so after putting all my veggies
in the bowl I'm going to move on to the
dressing it's a basic one very simple
and easy so I have some olive oil then
I'm going to add some lemon juice and
the lemon juice here will not only give
a nice flavor but also it will prevent
the avocados from turning
black now I'm adding some dried dill and
you can use fresh if you
like and finally I'm going to add some
salt and black
pepper and as we know avocados are blend
so they need a good amount of salt now
all I'm doing is to mix everything
together and I'm going to pour my
dressing on the
salad mix it very well and carefully at
the same time because avocados are soft
and you don't want to break
them now put the salad in your serving
plate and you're good to go so as you
all saw the salad was so simple and easy
it is so good and also it's very healthy
because avocados contain vitamin A
vitamin B vitamin C potassium and
omega-3 so that was today's recipe I
hope that you enjoyed the video don't
forget to give it a thumbs up subscribe
to my channel and check out my other
videos and I will see you soon
bye
n