hi I'm Stander frus Mr Green Thumb for
ask mrgreen thumb.com
raising plants in egg cartons it's one
of the things it's easy to do all right
you get your typical egg carton and you
get your green thumb multi-tool and cut
along the
edge of the
container and you have a little tray
that you can put your little seedlings
in now sometimes I'll use a little
soldering iron or I'll just use my
trusty little knife and make a little
hole in each
one we're actually going to make little
holes in the base of the egg carton so
you have something for drainage and if
you want you can actually take a little
bit of cotton material and create a
little wicking action so you can
actually pull moisture back up through
the egg carton this is a good way for
many different seeds to start and it's
something almost every one of us have
that we wind up throwing away that we
can use as a tool it's also great for
The Young and the young at heart to show
them how to start something that they
have as a as a tool to raise seeds from
when you do have your little seeds
you're going to of course then come back
in add your
dirt we're just going to fill up the uh
little tray like you might if you were
growing into a nursery tray and each one
will hold enough that you can actually
start your little seedlings in here and
we have something to hold the little
plant in and something for them to
germinate up
through when you start that you either
can put this up like this in the bottom
to help hold moisture and Wick it up
through it or some people will put it
upside down like this and then have it
sitting on a tray of water and for
planting with egg crates I'm stay def
frus Mr Green Thumb