in this video I'm going to focus on
petticoats it's really important to do
the math for the petticoats as it
requires a lot of fabric need to be done
correctly and I wanted to be sure to get
my desired result I decided to gather
nine yards of fabric into each tier the
first tier has two layers while the
second and third tiers have three there
are about 15 18 yards of Ruffles that
will be gathered into each of the 9 yard
layers I drafted the tiar as Circle
skirts with front back and side seams I
did this to reduce bulk at the waistline
instead of gathering fabric into the
waistline I made the back longer because
of my elliptical hoop skirt I'm using
for the
Gown I did a lot of research for my
fabric choices the most common types are
pett coat netting tulle and polyester
organza tuls a nice fabric that is flowy
and has an organic touch to it something
I really want to incorporate into my
pett coat
however it's very delicate and not
strong enough for my
project pett coat netting is strong and
easy to work with I've worked with it in
many other project and I really like it
however it's very stiff and rigid which
is not the elements I want to
incorporate into my pett
coats so I felt that organza was a
perfect balance between the two it's
light flowy and very organic it also has
some stiffness to it that will give the
pett coat some
poofiness it's also sheer which in my
opinion looks more elegant than the
other
choices so after the tedious process of
cutting nearly 200 yards of oranza the
rest was just a repetitive task of
pinning and
sewing it was surprising how quickly it
all started to take shape polyester
oranza unfortunately is hard to work
with as it phase horribly luckily I had
a serger to roll him the seams and help
strengthen the seams as I worked with
the Petticoat I cut the gold Sparkle
oranza into 7in wide strips I did the
same process of roll hemming with the
serger to give it the strength that it
needs I also used the serger to quickly
gather the Ruffles this saved me a lot
of time I've learned that surgers can
make all the difference after that I had
all of my insane amounts of Ruffles all
over my sewing room at at that point I
was starting to see the light at the end
of the tunnel soon after I finished the
pett
coats here is the first
[Music]
layer second
layer and the final layer notice how the
dress got a little more round at the top
that's because of the nine yards of
oranza gathered into such a short tier I
didn't have enough gold organza for all
the layers so I used white organza for
the third tier or the the tier that's
closest to the hoop
skirt the petticoats are exactly what I
was going for I wanted to show the
organza gathered into the tear I should
add that I had to use a super strong
fabric to hold several layers of oranza
as it quickly got heavy I went with
white cotton
twill here's a closeup of my tier system
I designed notice that each tier gets
about 6 in longer I purposely did this
to evenly distribute the fullness on
three seams instead of just putting all
the layers on
one the last part was sewing the
waistband and inserting a button and
zipper
closure my next video I will focus on
the dress and thanks for watching and
see you all next time