hey guys it's Jana how's it going I am
by myself again for my second Vlog um
Abby did one last week so if you haven't
seen it please click um in the area the
description area below to watch her
video from last week she's talking about
her big move and how things are going
with her dance life down there and it
sounds like things are pretty awesome so
um really happy for her I think our goal
is to maybe each of us do a video every
week so it'll be like I'm on one week
aby's on the next week and it just
rotates through like that that way we
each there's something that you're
seeing every week but that also gives us
kind of a chance so we're not each
having to do a video every week on our
own because it can be a lot of a lot of
work in with everything else that's
going on with our schedules so um that's
sort of the plan and so since you saw me
last I um have been to class like maybe
twice I think I tried to go on Tuesday
this week I think and if you saw on
Facebook I drove all the way up there it
takes me like 30 40 minutes to get up to
the place where I take class um and I
drove all the way up there and then
found out the class was cancelled so I
was like that's really
great really great that sucked but I
mean that happens and that's what I get
for not checking Facebook for an
afternoon but I did go to class class
last night and I'm really hoping I can
just get back into a normal routine I'm
going two or three times a week is like
my goal so um yeah I went last night um
and it was a really good class um just
trying to build back like my core
muscles because I lost a lot of that and
so I don't know just makes everything
harder and it's so hard to build back
that's what's like the really sucky part
but you may have noticed in this video
that I have chopped my hair off because
it was just so long and I I loved it
when it was long it was like so pretty
but oh my gosh it just was getting
caught in everything like I would wake
up in the morning and it would be like
on my back and I would be like stuck
like laying on my hair and it was just
like it's so hot so I finally just
decided you know what I'm going to go
for it I'm going to chop it off so it's
kind of been a shock and I'm trying to
figure out how to fix it um and then the
other issue when it comes to going to
class is like I can I can pull it back
but just like that much of a ponytail
and then like I haven't figured out how
to put it like all the way back like all
the way up cuz there's just not much
hair to work with back there to put it
in a bun um there's just like lots of
layers when I twist it so um if any of
you have shorter hair and have some way
of like pulling your hair all the way
back and want to share that with me in
the comments below that would be so so
great and if I if I figure anything out
on my own I will definitely share that
with you guys but I mean it's been so
great having it short and just out of
the way so that feels good the other
cool thing is I just went to get a new
pair of ballet flats and our dance store
in town has been like not very good for
quite some time now and um I wasn't even
sure it was open anymore but um they
have a new owner now and so it's like
been completely remodeled and it's
bigger now and like oh my gosh I was
just I was so excited when I went in
there today so um I got some new ballet
flats cuz I just I don't know I've been
kind of in a funk with mine and all I
just they were all like really worn in
and stuff anyway so um I ended up
getting a pair of block zeniths so I've
not worn them to class yet so I will let
you know how that goes but I'm pretty
sure I'm going to love these shoes they
are a canvas split s by block and um
they have an elastic piece like right in
the arch and the whole shoe is just like
super stretchy um it feels like you're
wearing a sock basically I think it
feels really great on my feet and get
this it comes with all of the elastics
already sewn how fantastic is that
because I really hate sewing shoes I
wear like a street size I wear a nine
and Street shoes and I got these in a
Seven and A2 which usually in Block I
wear a seven but um these actually work
really well in a 7 and 1/2 I think so
but I guess I can put them on and show
you what they look like on my feet if
you guys would like that yeah here are
the shoes the these are the block Zenith
shoes they um they're just like a sock I
mean they're just super
like super
soft show you guys my feet I have um
really low arches so like anything that
I can have that will like
help Define my foot um is really nice
because I just don't have like the best
speed in the world so this is what they
look
like
and they are really really really
stretchy
um I
mean I know I kind of like how the heels
like a little
bit more defined out here just because
that works well with my feet since I
don't have a nicely defined Arch like I
said I have not taken class in these yet
though so
um I'll keep you guys updated to see
what I think but um right now they feel
really comfortable so I'm very excited
okay so that's what's going on with me
as of lately I want to know if you guys
want have any questions like for me in
particular if there's any questions that
any topics that you would like me to
talk about I don't I guess you guys
don't really know like Abby and I a
whole bunch yet to really know maybe
what to ask us um specifically questions
so I guess just in general whatever
questions you have let me know in the
comments
below cuz I really want to answer your
questions I know I got quite a few
questions and responses on my last Vlog
which was really exciting and I really
like that you guys comment it's really
fun to talk to you guys and um see what
you're up to yeah I think that's all for
this
update I have fun talking to you guys so
I hate to stop now but I don't really
know what else to say and I don't want
to bore you so um yeah I guess that's it
for now make sure you're subscribed to
our Channel um so that you're seeing all
our videos when we come in we're like
over 200 subscribers now and that's
really really exciting and also if
you're not a part of our Facebook fan
page um go join that as well it's
facebook.com/ utundu and like our page
there so you can see us um share photos
and just kind of talk commentary with
you guys I also was thinking today about
Twitter do you guys do Twitter would you
want us to get a Twitter account I don't
really do Twitter very much so I don't
if you guys would like that as another
source of like communication let us know
yeah I guess that's it for now and I
look forward to seeing you guys soon
bye