hi my name is Joanna Cahill I'm the
owner of healthy home cleaning we're a
green cleaning business based in
Asheville North Carolina that
specializes in the use of non-toxic
cleaning products today I'm going to
talk to you about how to remove perfume
smells from your carpet okay so today
all we're gonna need is some baking soda
which is cheap and available anywhere
and a vacuum cleaner
alright so you've spilled perfume on
your carpet it stinks you want to know
how to get rid of it what we're gonna do
is we're gonna take baking soda and
we're gonna sprinkle it over our carpet
be pretty liberal if you spilled a bunch
and then we're gonna let it stand now
baking soda is excellent it absorbs
odors that's why you keep it in your
refrigerator and it's excellent for
removing perfume after letting it stand
for one hour we're gonna go ahead and
remove the baking soda it's absorbed all
that smell we're going to vacuum it up
so once we're finished
we've got carpet smells fresh all that
perfume smell is gone
this is Johanna Cahill from healthy home
cleaning and I want to thank you for
watching how to remove perfume smells
from your carpet