hello in this video I'm gonna show you
how to cut laminate and cut centers I
have already cut and laminated this set
and when I cut it I left a little bit of
a border around each image if you don't
know how to do that I'll show you how to
do that here so to begin I get its can
direct cut and I have mine set to color
recognition mode right now because these
centers are so bright
[Music]
all right I just frame my image and hit
okay
and with the color recognition mode it
does take a little bit longer to
recognize so I'm going to go ahead and
pause the video until it is done
recognizing alright I'm back and I'm not
sure if you can see in this video but it
is picking up a whole bunch of little
things and pieces inside the actual
center so what I'm gonna do is I'm just
going to go down on my color and it goes
back through recognizing again by
dropping the color down to 3 now we just
have the outline of the docs so I hit OK
and now here we have the circles this is
where you can leave a border I'm just
gonna go up to point 12 and hit OK then
cut
and start alright
machine is finished and I can pop it off
and as you can see and has been cut
laminated cut again and there is even a
little bit of a border