[Music]
this is Mindy Macintosh shutter and I'm
going to show you how to repot a gerb or
a daisy now A gerb or a daisy may need
to be repotted if you are bringing it
from the outside lscape area indoors or
it is outgrown into original container
and you can tell that if there's roots
coming out the bottom you will need to
do a little work prior to transplanting
your Gerber Daisy and that is making
sure that its new home is clean and
sterilized place the coffee filter in
the pot making sure that you cover any
drainage holes that are in the pot and
then put a thin layer of soil in the new
home now the amount of soil that you put
in the pot will depend on the size of
the pot that you're using you never want
to increase the size by more than two
times the original size of the container
that the gerb daisy is in once you have
that layer of soil in you will need to
remove your Gerber Daisy from its old
home and to do this you can simply cut
away the plastic pot if you don't want
to do that gently tip down your gerber
daisy upside down and gently tap on the
bottom and squeeze on the sides the next
step is to tease the root teasing those
roots or giving them permission and
telling them they can grow out while
allow your root ball to fill up its new
home in no time then put your Gerber
Daisy in the container container fill in
with soil making sure that you don't
overfill with soil you want the soil
level that the plant was in originally
to be the exact same soil level in the
new pot once you have done that gently
tap on the table and then water in
[Music]