hi I'm Phyllis from southern frugal comm
tonight we're going to make some
chimichanga now chimichenga is not
really a dish from Mexican cuisine it's
tex-mex and it really the Jimmy Chang
has probably started in Tucson probably
in the 1920s and that it's kind of like
the alfredo fettuccini alfredo is not
really Italian as much as it is American
now and so goes the chimichanga it's
more of a tex-mex food now what I'm
going to do is make it with a round
steak and it's not cube steak so it's
not in tenderized so I'm going to have
to put it in the pressure cooker but
first I'm going to brown it all right
I'm going to show you what it looks like
now this was a little over a pound of
round steak and it was frozen and I cut
it into little sections really about 1/4
of an inch long little strips so I've
got my skillet all heating up now I want
it on pretty high so I'm going to go
ahead and put some oil in it just a
little bit this is just vegetable oil
again my skill is really good and hot
and I'm going to start browning this
yeah I want it brown because I want to
do this
and wash their hands and we'll be back
all right we are back in our round steak
has browned pretty good so we're going
to have to deglaze that skillet now I'm
going to show you this there's a
pressure cooker so I'm going to end up
putting this in the pressure cooker for
about 20 minutes and I'm doing that
because round steak of course is always
tough always now when it tender it's
also very lean which is exactly why I'm
using it now to deglaze that skillet and
I'm going to be using a half a cup of
water in the pressure cooker something
so put it you kill it get some of that
Brown really good stuff off the bottom
of the skillet they'll come right up to
the water
actually come eat a little water and
another fourth of a cup all right now
I'm ready to dump this into the pressure
cooker with all those little brown bits
I'm going to take my paper towel and
wipe the water out of the skillet and
now I'm going to try out some green
peppers green bell peppers and some
onions and some garlic so I'm going to
put a little more oil in not much just a
little bit it's just this is one large
onion
previously frozen bell peppers that's
another stuff
and still friends
go ahead and get my pressure cooker
going the other boiler let that be it
pressure for about 20 minutes
it's all going pretty good now I want to
give you a little history lesson or not
history lesson
to tell you about our experience of
having a chimichanga a real generator we
were on in Texas several years ago well
actually we're coming back from New
Mexico and we were in Texas on our way
back and we stayed at a motel close to
Georgetown in fact it was right in
Georgetown as I recall George trek
Georgetown Texas that's in Williamson
County and so we were pretty tired from
the trip but we decided we needed to go
out somewhere and eat so you know as our
little philosophy on where to eat in a
town where you're not familiar is to
just ride around to different
restaurants and salmony cars are in the
parking lot so that's what we did and we
found this little restaurant with
Mexican restaurant that was in an old
filling station we turn the camera
around while I'm talking and deckle that
call there so anyway we were riding
around and we found this one filling
station it was a Mexican restaurant and
the whole parking lot was jam-packed and
people were lined up out the door so we
thought yeah this is where locals go I
think it was a Friday 92 so anyway we
decided that's where we would go and so
we stood in line probably a good I'd say
half an hour when kept thinking boy this
is really going to be good and it
was but the funny thing was it wasn't
very large and the building was and I'm
he was an old villain station where the
couple looked like would have been a
couple of stalls there and so we finally
got in and got to a table and we noticed
the waitresses were running literally
running with the food so finally our
waitress took our order and then she ran
back to where the kitchen was
and then there was this other way for an
back out with all these plates I mean
you were just afraid that we're going to
follow him but anyways it turned out we
talked to the waitress a little bit and
she said their owner required that they
work really fast because so many people
are waiting to come in there so anyway
we got chimichenga and they were just
out-of-this-world delicious they really
were but after we got through eating you
know there was no rush I mean there was
a big rush almost to get us out because
they immediately had our check ready and
you know clean the table off while we
were still sitting there and so we
figured well we better get up leave and
we did that anyway the food was just
super good but I wanted to talk to you
about Georgetown
I'm going to put the garlic and now this
is one whole garlic bowl so that was
probably about a rule garlic cloves and
I sliced them I just like them that way
you might not want to put that in hand
but I'm gonna propose in with the
Tenon's now just a touch more oil
so anyway turns out this town called
Georgetown Texas has about 180 I think
they said homes that are on the national
historic director that they call it the
Victorian homes and they were gorgeous
and on our way back to the motel we went
down the street where all these houses
are and they were just gorgeous even the
street lights with the old Victorian you
know with the bulbs and everything the
big round balls and they just gorgeous
and a person is all right up so we got a
good look at the houses but the next day
before we left we decided to write down
that Street
yes it has beautiful Victorian houses
you have ever seen just gorgeous
alright so now that's that little story
alright so we have got our peppers
onions and garlic all kind of put up a
little bit and we've got video round
steak it's sliced it a 1/4 inch little
slices in the pressure cooker pressure
cookers come up just to pressure I'll
show you that and what you want to do
that I've shown it to number
you
to work on this a little bit all right
we'll be back okay we are back in the
onions pepper and peppers and garlic
have completed cooking and I finally got
my little steam indicator on right I had
it all wrong and send my round steak
little strips has got about another
maybe ten minutes to stain so now what I
want to do to this mixture here I'm
going to add two cans that would be a 15
ounce cans of black beans now these are
unseasoned except for some salt so I
rinsed them off really well and drank
I'm so I'm going to top dozen and just
the excess all around with the peppers
and the onion cigars
once a sit there for a while and the
next thing I'm going to do I've got
10-inch tortillas and I'm going to put
those in some aluminum foil and put them
in a real a very warm oven well you know
200 250 degrees just said they'll be
easier to work with so I'll wrap them up
in the tinfoil all right so when this
meat gets through in the pressure cooker
we'll be back and assemble all this okay
we are back in our little realm steak
strips are fully tenderized so we're
ready to season everything now now this
is about a cup of loose cilantro leaves
and I'm just going to cut those up with
my scissors I can keep them in the
here just rock-cut them not good enough
all right
just dump those in cut it in big leaves
again all right next thing we're going
to put in it's going to be lime zest now
this is some lime zest that I had in a
freezer and I freeze it in with a little
bit of sugar now the sugar will just
sweeten the pot here a little bit but
you'll get that all benek tex-mex taste
with lime so I'm just going to sprinkle
that all in and you could use a
community zest of a fresh lime and the
lime juice you'll be fine but I do think
the lime zest has a lot more taste than
the juice does alright now we're ready
for the spices first thing I'm going to
put in is some paprika a good teaspoon
or so of that
but a teaspoon and a half of some sea
salt sprinkle that all around and a
couple of teaspoons of chili powder
a good teaspoon of cumin
and a couple of squirts of Louisiana
Louisiana Hot Sauce
we're ready to mix this please my little
spatula here just mix that all in then
we go dump the name in the juice and all
now will we make the chimichangas I'm
going to add cheese and that cheese I've
got I believe is cheddar and Monterey
Jack I really can't remember I'll have
to get out the refrigerator but this is
the basic filling for the chimichangas
now there are many many different
recipes for chimichanga some of them use
Pinta
some of them use rice and could some of
them don't use any beans at all and a
lot of them use the chuck roast and then
they separate it with a board make it
kind of stringy and I'm not using that
because chuck is really fat it's just
got a lot of fat in it and not that it's
not good but I'm trying to be a little
healthier with it and so therefore we
use the round steak but you do have to
tenderize because it will be tough you
see let's just fall apart tender now I'm
so good okay now we're ready to start
assembling these and I'm going to
reposition the camera and get everything
ready we'll be back ok we are back and
ready to start Oh the Assembly of the
chimichenga and I've already got my I've
got going to prod them in some coconut
oil so the tortillas have been in the
oven or a real low temperature and
they're warm that way they're a lot
easier to work with alright so we're
going to take a spoonful of the filling
good heaping spoonful
I'm going to go take a couple of
spoonfuls of the cheese now by the way
this cheese is Colby and Monterey Jack
finely shredded so on a couple of
heaping tablespoons of the cheese all
right now all you do let me turn it
around so you can see a little better
let's just roll it over turn it in and
again this is much easier to do if
they're just slightly warm and then just
take a toothpick and go in and seal that
side just like that okay I've got a fly
in here so I'm going to have to go and
see if I can't killing we'll be right
back all right we are back I got the fly
and he is no more hopefully all right so
there's what it looks like now make nine
rather than round I'll make them a
little square they're just a little
easier to fry that way all right so
let's do one more let you watch now
hoping to be able to make eight because
I want a three six all right so a couple
of tablespoons of the cheese
up turn it over and just go ahead and
turn it in keep it coming in with your
hands
seal it up with a toothpick and I'm just
usually use just one toothpick seal it
up okay let's do one way
couple spoonfuls heaping spoonfuls of
the chili
just roll it up and turn it under
from the tip flaps and then kind of hold
it with your fingers and all that over
then you just put a toothpick in to seal
it together there you go all right so
I'm going to go ahead and crush these up
and then we'll start frying them sub
will be back in a minute all right I
finished assembling the genic jaga
this is how much I had left and now I
was able to get 10 which is really good
and what we're going to do is freeze
those we'll have two tonight and then
the rest of them I will freeze along
with the sauce in these little Pyrex
dishes so literally this is going to
make two four six eight ten servings I
mean you know so the grease is now
pretty well hot and I'm going to try
doing three of them at one time
so I'm going to cook them first with the
side down that has a toothpick on it
I've got my heat on medium and I'm
frying these in coconut oil just because
I love it alright and we've now found
out that it's really healthy for some go
fry three at one time with the little
toothpick side down first alright and
after I'm through frying all of them I'm
going to put them on this to drain and
I'll put them in the oven and leave them
in there about 20 minutes just to make
sure they're totally cooked and when all
that happens we'll be back well the
 cheng are frying I want to go
ahead and make the sauce real quick now
I'm using a 24 ounce jar of picante
sauce and this is the medium so it's 24
ounces because I
a lot of sauce cuz I've got ten Ginny
changes and to that I'm going to add one
and a half cups of sour cream so that
would be about 3/4 of this container of
the 16-ounce container so I'm going to
go ahead and add that in it's actually
frozen a little bit on top
and this is a sauce that I'm going to
freeze the chimichanga in and then what
we have tonight will I'll put some sauce
on the plate and just place the ginning
Jenga on top of the sauce now when you
free sauce that's got sour cream in it
it will kind of separate but you need to
worry because once you heat it up it
will come back together but it doesn't
look little good to start with as a
little frozen piece on top there anyway
that would melt in here by the time I
change angles and the salad already
alright once all this is ready and I'm
able to plate it up we'll be back okay I
have completed of frying all the
chimichenga I've got ten of them and I'm
going to put these in the oven at 350
degrees for just about 20 minutes and
I'll be fixing the salad and getting the
plates ready all right we'll be back
okay the chimichangas are all ready and
we ended up with 10 meals out of this
now these over here I'm going to free so
that's the four meal s'mores right there
and here's our supper top them with a
little bit of the cheese that's red rice
and some just cubed avocados sour cream
and lettuce and tomato and of course our
iced tea so there you have it one
chimichenga this is just my version of
Jenny Jenga all right I hope you'll try
these and sort of make them your own if
you want to put ten toes in them you can
do that use a different type of cheese
and the way I try to make mine healthier
is by frying in the coconut oil and then
finish them up
oven they'll be crispy they're nice and
crispy or that and real moist and cheesy
on the inside with the beef and the
black beans all right we will see you
next time we're going to eat our supper