so for this recipe you're gonna need
I've got some self raising flour here
which is 110 grams this is 110 grams of
sugar a couple of tablespoons of milk
110 grams of butter this is just some
vanilla extract just probably about want
a 1 teaspoon sorry and two eggs and over
here I've already you can't really see
them for they're black but these just
the err little I don't know what the
called cupcake cases or something in the
little trays which I've already filled
up and you need to preheat the oven
about 180 which is about 350 Fahrenheit
or gas mark 4 so I'm gonna do that now
so the first thing you want to do is
I've just put this the butter in just
this mixing bowl and I'm gonna take the
caster sugar and pour that in and I
can't do this obviously because I've got
camera in one hand but we're just
basically gonna mix the butter and the
sugar together to make a really like
sort of creamy consistency so I'll be
back in a minute so this is the
consistency once the butter and the
sugar has been mixed together it's
really thick and it's quite like you
know gritty with all the em all the
sugar next thing you want to do is this
is just the two eggs I'm gonna put one
in at a time so once this is mixed
together I'm going to add the other the
second egg mix that all together and
then I'll be right back so this is just
a teaspoon of the vanilla extract mix
that in if I can do it with one hand
come on Lauren you can do this
there we go that vanilla's all the way
mixed in well it's really strong
vanilla-scented
the next thing we're going to do is fold
in the the self raising flour so I'm
just going to do that a little bit over
time just put a little bit in now basic
just gonna fold that in legs to just
fold in the flour in keep doing that
until all the flour has been mixed in
now I'm just adding two tablespoons of
of milk just so the consistency of the
actual of the mixture just get some
little bit more runny ER than just
already and not like and now it's nearly
time to transfer them into these little
cupcake cakes cupcake cases so while I
do to transfer them to here into the
cases is I take a teaspoon and maybe a
sorry a tablespoon or maybe a teaspoon
to scrape it off or even just the wooden
spoon and I want to fill each one of
these half-full so I don't want to write
the top because obviously it's got self
raising flour in it and it's gonna rise
so we're gonna fill them each halfway so
there's six of the cases half full you
can see they look pretty full but I
promise you they are any half-full and
for the last six cases what I'm gonna do
is I dunno I've never seen anyone do
this before so what I'd like to say I
invented it but I really don't think I
did mmm these are just hundreds and
thousands which I'm going to put on top
of the cake anyway but just for the last
six just to make it even more sickening
in three
I'm gonna add some of this to the
mixture add a generous amount and then
I'm gonna mix that in and when you take
a bite of your fairy cake it's gonna
look all pretty and colorful inside so
it's a bit of a girly touch I think ok
so just what turned it round so you can
see these are the six that I've got the
sprinkles in then the hundreds and
thousands and they look really pretty
and they're the plain ones but they're
still nice as well
so now all I'm gonna do now is pop it in
the oven for about make sure you don't
burn your fingers for about eight to ten
minutes so while that's baking in the
oven we're gonna this is in here is
about 300 grams of icing sugar and I
just put in a safe so I'm gonna snip
through I've got to be really careful
with icing sugar as well because I don't
know why but sometimes when I touch it
with my fingertips I get really red and
blotchy on my face I presume I'm
allergic to it but come on mr. icing
sugar I love icing sugar I think it's
amazing
if that icing sugars just made icing
sugar dust everywhere can you see this
oh well and I'm going to add is a couple
of tablespoons of water and stir it up
so there's the icing sugar done it's
very thick but still runny consistency
if you want to at this stage you can put
a little bit of food coloring maybe in
the icing just to make it a bit more
prettier but haven't gotten any here so
I'm just gonna leave it white and now
I've gotta do is wait for the oh they're
nearly ready as soon as now ready I'm
gonna pop the bat put them on a cooling
rack and let them cool a little bit
before I put the the icing on top just
because I don't want me the icing to go
everywhere because it's just gonna melt
even more so so the cakes have been
sitting cooling on this little rack for
probably about 20 minutes now probably
yeah about 20 to 30 minutes and now all
we're gonna do now is take one of the
one of the cakes I've got my icing sugar
here to make sure you mix it up well
just before you use it again because it
will start to separate it a little bit
all I do is take a tablespoon
show you get your cake get your icing
sugar place on top like that if you want
you can have like I don't want it too
sweet you see so I don't have too much
icing sugar on it really really sweet
them but you can have like a very thin
layer all the way over if you want for
that be quite like how you make what
we're gonna call these full of all fairy
cakes so yeah I'm gonna go ahead and do
the ball and then show you the mall one
I've done so there you go there is my
little fairy cakes some plain some with
sprinkles inside it with icing sugar on
the top and sprinkles to top it all I
have to say it doesn't look as pretty as
I thought they were gonna but I
guarantee they taste amazing
I just thought have to show you very
very quickly before I eat all of this
one that that's the inside when you put
the sprinkles inside you sort of take a
bite into it and it's all pretty and
colorful so yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video see you in my next one
you