welcome to the poor man's gourmet
kitchen where we share gourmet recipes
and a low budget wonder now check this
out here I've got a miniature movie
theater popcorn machine I picked up from
a secondhand store now arriving home I
realize I still didn't have a recipe to
make movie theater popcorn look like
this and taste the way it tastes but it
turns out that it's nothing more than
this fluffy pop coconut oil and in the
ingredients right here it tells you that
it's butter flavored and it's got
beta-carotene in it which means the only
reason popcorn is yellow is from this
artificial coloring in here and since
this is really hard to come by anyway
why not just take a stick of butter with
some coconut oil and melt down our own
flavoring but unfortunately this isn't
the only thing you need to know about
this flavor call is the secret butter
flavored salt that you need to season
your popcorn but it's hard to come by
this is the only thing that I could find
at the store and it's okay but it's not
the same so you're only going to need
about a half teaspoon of this add it to
about 3/4 cup of white not yellow
popcorn kernels now once you combine
those two you can just head to the stove
and in a deep dish hot pan I'm going to
add that butter immediately followed by
the kernels now it's important to mix
this around till that orange flavor call
seasoning is distributed amongst the
kernels evenly as soon as it is just top
it off with a lid it's only a matter of
minutes now before you go from popping
like this to a popped pan like this and
you'll see condensation buildup on the
top of that lid but as long as you've
got an outlet hole like this that allow
the steam to come out you won't end up
with chewy soggy popcorn and giving your
pan a few shakes like this will drop the
remaining kernels back to the bottom so
you can get a full popped pan
now here you don't see a yellow popcorn
but I can assure you without that
artificial coloring this still tastes
exactly like movie theater popcorn and
there you have it movie theater popcorn
right here in the poor man's gourmet
kitchen thank you for watching and be
sure to stop by poor man's gourmet
kitchen com for more recipes and exact
ingredients