hi I'm Krista with kids smart living
comm today I'm going to show you how
easy it is to make wine charms you know
those are those little dangles that you
put on your wine glasses so you can tell
which glasses yours they come in really
handy of course if you're having a party
or even a big dinner but you know they
also make a really great gift in fact I
got some not too long ago and they're
really cute but I noticed on the back
the price tag was left on them so these
six wine charms actually cost $24 but
you know you can make your own wine
charms for a lot less money with a few
supplies from the craft store and best
of all it takes
no crafting skills whatsoever in fact
the only tool you're really going to
need is just a pair of small needlenose
pliers now to get started you'll need to
go to the craft store you want to go
down the beading aisle and what you're
looking for are what they call it
earring loops and they're just real
simple little hoops they're just pretty
curved ready to go for earrings and you
can find these impacts of oh say about a
hundred for maybe $2.99 they're really
really cheap next you'll want to pick
out some charms now in the single
package times you'll find most anything
from letters to animals to wine and food
motifs musical notes and also keep your
eyes up and because a lot of craft
stores will put these on sale so that's
a good time to stock up on your charms
now if you're on a budget or if you just
need to make a lot of charms I think the
least expensive way to do it is just to
do the bulk pack of a single charm and a
mixed bag of beads that'll give you a
lot of different colors and the same
charm and you can just make all of your
terms color-coded they look really great
real coordinated and it's a really nice
look for a party now the easiest wine
charm to make of course is just a charm
on one loop and all you need to do for
that is just string your charm on your
loop and then going to take your needle
nose pliers this is all you have to do
and just bend it back and then latch it
together like that that is all it takes
to make these wine charms now for the
color-coded charms
just simply need to string a few beads
in the same color onto your loop add
your charm then add a few more beads and
then we'll do the same thing we're just
going to bend the end up with your
pliers and that's it so there they are
on my favorite glasses from our
collection these are our Napa and
breakable plastic glasses I think they
look great in there
they're my everyday party glasses I hope
these tips help you get started on some
great projects of your own visit kids
smart living comprar happ's use on this
project plus more tips project ideas and
some great products for family friendly
living with style thanks for watching