okay now what we are preparing the
tourism Reitsma tourism what I put here
it's two handful of orzo pasta and we
call it Sharia this is noodle for soup
generally we use it but exceptional for
that soup we are using this for pilaf so
for ice to a little bit olive oil as you
see and bumpy sauce but no just the heat
will Friday or olive oil butter and orzo
pasta Salian or the past in turkish
kitchen they called it share it making
very tasteful what I'm not sure Asian or
mid turning or you're running who's
eating a more rice I don't know you know
but is a beginning Chinese culture you
Japan its kitchen Turkish kitchen and
here in kitchen to preferring different
kind of rice is perfect this will take a
little bit time and I will show you how
this is going to be right let's make it
turn to right the color he'll make it
through it
butter-making this fluffy view just the
one minute or later it will start
returning the door edge color goals in
Colorado
Cervantes golden people had their eyes
two cup of rice it is enough for four
person or charitable person
the important part is you will not leave
the Pam this is important you need to
mix master snow slogans okay about
non-stop because it is very easily can
burn too dark so don't forget finish
everything but you are reading and wait
it out until this toning the golden
colors right now it's starting slow slow
food is do you need to wait
is your mouth starting to charm
[Music]
yes justice Harding the throne of the
loom is I need two more
the colors changing how beautiful this
is one of the simple and delicious rice
cooker this is the desirable color of
too okay now turn to get down and make
it slowly and now we are adding your
eyes yeah I guess this is the perfect
color right now yep
this is two cup of rice I washed up with
this
I calculate the rice with the same cup
and Walters same cup salt 2 tbsp salt
mix it make the heat medium can you see
see this little marvelous tomorrow's
rice is good with zinc as you know and
zinc is good vitamin okay we mix it up
close and around 15 minutes 20 minutes
is much more later fact 5 6 minutes
battery will Chandan it's a little more
down after boiling then you see the
boiling nectar heat lower and mate 10 15
minutes I will show you how long's have
your lunch stunt it is done all nuts
I'll show you because it is dependent on
the rice you know this is the long rice
so always picked a good quality rice
I think it is 2025 minutes later see all
the water is gone yeah no we can pull
out the doors or ice Patrol so it's done
we are turning um
rest 5 minutes 10 minutes cameras good
for us and so after that una patent
rights leaders of July which are so
wonderful and wonderful delicious
or to know your editor palafitos own
eggplant stuffed roasted potato and
Georgia
it's a very delicious summer meal
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]