you
Levin does easy-to-grow last four years
and smells great
it's a real favorite and kiwi gardens to
get planning at your place
you'll need some garden mix sheep
pellets mulch and your lavender you can
choose from three main types English has
a strongest scent and as great as a low
hedge Italian with the classic rabbit
ears above the flower less fragrant but
suits humid conditions and French
fast-growing with lush green foliage all
types come in multiple shades and flower
from Spring through autumn peaking in
summer today I'm going to be planning a
couple of princess lavender these are an
italian levin to type they love full Sun
so I've chosen a nice sunny spot here by
the side of the house that's important
to check with in the different varieties
how big they get this one goes about 70
centimeters just good idea to check that
spacing before you plant our candies
gonna look great here right gonna dig a
hole pretty much the same size as the
plant just a little bit bigger so we can
add some organic material
now this soil is pretty good but if it
was a bit boggy or clay heavy we would
add some drainage to it like a scoria or
something cleverness really like a
well-drained soil but I'm happy to go
straight in with my garden mix it's free
draining and full of nutrients
leave a little bit of room for some
cheap pellets
a little handful should be enough
lightly mix those through right where
you get the plantain as always just a
good idea to give it a little light
squeeze in here chick it's not too
rootbound
hold the top gently now there's quite
root bound just get that a little light
teasing another real bonus is that bees
love lavender and they're great to have
around the garden could help you with
that level so now it's just backfilling
around the rest of the hole spreading
that out lightly push down around the
sides of the plant we're gonna give
these guys some water and then lay down
some mulch
just give that a good spread around and
it'll help keep weeds away right they're
good to go you can plan from August
through to December they do well in full
Sun part shade in the ground or in pots
with free draining soil what a daily in
summer then infrequently during winter
feed monthly and spring to help them
establish but be mindful that lots of
fertilizer does affect the oils
meaningless fragrance a regular light
prune will encourage flowers and keep
them bushy don't let them get woody
there's a couple of things that might
bug your lavender if they collapse they
might have root rot from poor drainage
yellowing leaves means they need a feed
and watch your spittle bug and the very
stubborn garden weevil and use
insecticide if needed right that's
pretty much it make sure you subscribe
to the my tatin youtube channel for more
great content or click here to watch
more now