okay about this - bot dollar bottle of
Salam care and the reason why it was
because I tested it out on another piece
of plastic and made it completely white
I was amazed I found this out from
another video that I saw on YouTube but
the only thing is that that you wanted
me to use a blacklight which I found out
was completely a waste of time and money
anyway so I need to change this as you
can see it's pretty yellow and I'm going
to show you how easy it is to change
that from yellow back to white
okay here's the
get cover now you can see then it's kind
of whitish on this side because of the
sunlight in the bathroom where this was
a really yellow on this side so what we
want it to do is look like this or
doesn't get any sunlight
note that you can use too much but if
you don't use enough then it won't be
covered so either way it's probably a
good idea
now this thing only cost two dollars so
really no big deal probably [ __ ] about
two anyway you can see it was a tick
like less than that bounce or whatever
that was not even an ounce of course so
we don't want it to dry out stick it in
a ziploc
and there you go just let that sit in
the Sun for the rest of the day maybe
tomorrow we don't know and we'll go from
there
okay we're one hour into it being in the
Sun so I'm gonna give it a little flip
so that it gets a little even coat as
you can see it's already starting to
white within an hour it's pretty amazing
when you think about it and there you go
again back after 20 minutes and just so
you can see how fast this goes just
another 20 minutes later and you can see
all the yellow is like 50% gone away up
here so I think another half hour an
hour probably would be completely white
again Oh we'll find out I'll be back in
about a half hour to an hour okay well
we're at the end of the day I never came
back because well I just didn't I got
dizzy and as you can see that it's
practically all white you can see it's
in shadow now because we're running out
of Sun but from here I mean I can take
it out you can actually see that it's
white on both sides on this side and
this side it's a little yellow up here
so I'm gonna have to come back tomorrow
and then put it back out in the Sun and
so I'll finish that up tomorrow
okay about eight hours of sunlight looks
like it's not gonna get any wider it's
pretty darn white I got my glove on so I
can handle it but kind of see so I got
the step on it cuz the plastic bag kept
it moist and I don't think it's ever
gonna get any wider than that I'm I'm
sure anything's possible but pretty darn
white so I'll clean that up I'll hang it
again
and we'll be done okay there's the fan
installed if you remember what it looked
like in the beginning was yellow no it's
white coolest thing you can do for less
than 50 cents