[Music]
ingredients chicken pieces 1 or 1/2 cups
allpurpose flour 12 G bicarbonate of
soda one packet of dry Good Seasons
Italian dressing 2 or three eggs 2/3 cup
milk 1 tbsp black pepper vegetable oil
lard or peanut oil to cover the bottom
of a skillet one envelope of powdered
tomato soup
mix mix the batter beat the two or three
eggs in a medium large bowl you'll be
dunking your chicken pieces in this add
2/3 cup milk whisk to blend and set
aside mix the dry
ingredients in a large bowl mix the soup
mix Italian dressing BL black pepper and
flour
together coat the chicken take a piece
of chicken and dip it into the batter
then place it in the flour mixture and
cover the chicken with it set the co
chicken
aside repeat for the remaining chicken
continue coating each chicken piece
until all portions are
prepared fry it up heat the oil in a
large Skillet until it shimmers but
doesn't smoke about 350Â° of fahr using
tongs carefully place the chicken pieces
skinside down into the skillet and fry
them over medium heat Leave the Pieces
in there for about 25 to 30 minutes
turning and flipping occasionally add
Chili Peppers for a spicier
flavor degase the bird remove the pieces
from the skillet and drain the grease
onto paper towels or a clean kitchen
cloth such as a tea
towel finished serve with mashed
potatoes gravy coal SLA corn on the cob
homemade fries and a root beer for a
real KFC authentic
meal