to align the doors of a freezer on
bottom French door refrigerator with non
adjustable rollers first make certain
that the refrigerator is in its final
position remove the front base grill on
the ends of the grill there are molded
areas that jut out and cover the break
feet to avoid possibly breaking the
grill grasp and hold the inside front
edges of the break foot covers firmly
pulling both ends toward you at the same
time until the grill releases to adjust
the level or tilt of the refrigerator
you must raise or lower the break feet
adjacent to the non adjustable rollers
on each side the rollers on this
refrigerator are for ease of movement
only but each break foot can be raised
and lowered independently use a 3/8 inch
wrench for most models to turn the break
feet on either side to raise or lower
that side of the refrigerator referring
to your use and care guide will confirm
the appropriate wrench size for your
refrigerator model turning the break
foot to the right or clockwise lowers
the foot and raises that side of the
refrigerator turning the break foot to
the left or counterclockwise raises the
foot and lowers that side of the
refrigerator if the left door is higher
as seen here you will need to raise the
opposite side of the refrigerator by
turning the right side break foot
clockwise similarly if the right side
door was higher
turn the left side break foot clockwise
to raise the left side adjust each break
foot appropriately until the doors are
level and close easily
warning excessive weight hazard use two
or more people to move and install the
refrigerator failure to do so can result
in back or other injury having a second
person push firmly against the top front
of the refrigerator should take some
weight off the break feet making them
easier to adjust replace the front base
grille by aligning the mounting clips
with the slots in the cabinet and
pushing firmly on both ends until the
grille snaps into place