hello everyone hope y'all having a great
day today's video is about growing Dutch
iris Dutch iris there is tall is bearded
iris but they make up more of a mound a
bunch like a little I call like a little
island full of Dutch iris these are the
purple and lavender two-tone like I say
they might have speed
it's the bearded iris I also don't have
that little fuzzy thing I call it right
under there like the bearded iris dust
these are easy growth you get your few
of those rhizomes and I always put mine
out in the fall some people put them out
at the end of the summer but I put mine
at it team this fall I mean the end of
fall excuse me and this one right here
I've had for twenty years I guess I have
separated it in the fall and put some
other places you see the birds they're
real pretty these are beautiful easy to
grade grown just like you do a bearded
iris it's just a different variety of
ours they bling real good in the early
spring and you just leave them and let
them die back on their own and they'll
come back every year and you have even
more and more blames each and every year
you put them in the ground like I say
like you do the others Kali don't plant
them real deep and but I do plant these
a little bit deeper than I did the bear
the iris beardie our bearded iris you
just lay them on top of the ground
almost but these are so beautiful I just
wanted to share how beautiful these
Dutch iris are and see they all grow
like a like on a little island and the
also the foliage is not as thick it's
more of a thin type
foliage the health in that is kinda
reminds me of or a ornamental grass of
some sort but anyway they are just such
a showy beautiful easy to grow flower I
hope everybody has a wonderful day
please give me a thumbs up subscribe to
my channel if you will I sure would
appreciate it everybody have a blessed
weekend thank y'all so much for watching
bye bye