hit it hit
[Music]
it hello and welcome to the Marley bird
YouTube channel brought to you by Red
Heart yarns in this video I am going to
liberate you from that dreaded cable
needle that's right I'm going to show
you how to Cable both right leaning and
left leaning cables without a cable
needle let's go ahead and jump in I've
gone a and I've worked up a Swatch right
here with some cables already done in it
and I'm ready to work some more cables
so I am working with four Stitch cables
for this example but it does work over a
multiple of stitches whatever you end up
feeling comfortable with when we do
cable stitches we all know that we are
deciding whether we move the first two
stitches either to the back or to the
front of our work so that way we can
work the next two set of stitches
correct when we cable without a cable
needle we are more concerned with what
are these second set of stitches doing
where do they need to go because that's
where we need to move them for this
first example let's go ahead and make a
right leaning cable so what we would do
for a right leaning cable typically is
take our cable needle slip those two
stitches onto the cable needle hold them
to the back correct what I want to do
without a cable needle is take my
rightand needle come to the front of the
cable and place my right hand needle
through those two
stitches now I'm going to kind of pinch
the two stitches that I'm not working
into okay so the set of stitches on this
side that I would typically have to my
cable needle I'm just kind of pinching
them now I want to take my left hand
needle out of all four stitches you see
that so all four stitches I take my left
hand needle and I place it back into
those first two stitches I had pinched
now I still have the second set of
stitches on my right hand needle but
they are no longer attached to the left
hand needle so I move them forward swing
them over and place them back onto my
left hand needle so I've essentially
switched their position without a cable
needle now all I do to complete my cable
is knit I don't have to do anything else
I don't have to worry about a cable
needle I simply just knit these stitches
as they're on my leftand needle
isn't that easy let's go ahead and learn
how to do that for the left leaning
cable I'm do the next part of my swatch
where I will do a cable and even though
these are leaning to the right I'm going
to show you how to do this so they're
leaning to the left if we were making
this to where they were leaning to the
left and using a cable needle we would
move these first two stitches to the
cable needle and hold them to the front
but because we're doing it without a
cable needle we're concerned about what
these stitches are doing so these
stitches need to go behind these two
corre correct so I will take my
right-and needle just like before but
this time I'm going behind and grabbing
those stitches from the back I still
pinch those first two stitches pull my
left hand needle out of all four of them
place my left hand needle back into
those two stitches that I pinched and
now I'll take the two stitches that were
attached to the left that I put my
rightand needle through bring them
around place them back onto my leftand
needle and now they have switched
position and I can knit them and create
my cable it is that easy okay it's
really not a difficult task to do once
you get the hang of it you will see that
you will never need a cable needle again
you can use this technique over any
number of cable stitches that you feel
comfortable with as long as you feel
like you can pinch all those loose
stitches and get your left hand needle
back into them the sky is the limit I
will caution you using this technique
with slippery yarn isn't for the faint
of heart because those pinch stitches
want to just fade away but if you are
confident you can do this now you no
longer have to search for that cable
needle all the time you can tackle any
sort of cable project this works I find
that this works really great with the
honeycomb because you're just doing such
few stitches every time and you don't
have to use your cable needle hopefully
this helps you on your next cable
project I'm Marley bird proud
spokesperson for redart yarn and you can
find more videos teaching you how to
become a better Knitter or crocheter
right here on the Marley bird YouTube
channel make sure you smash that like
button I'll talk to you soon
[Music]
bye
[Music]
a