what's up guys welcome back to the
educated bar flight today we are going
to be doing another episode of
reconstructed which is exciting because
we haven't done a reconstructed episode
in a really long time today we're gonna
be reconstructing the amaretto sour and
we are using Geoffrey Morgenthau lers
recipe that being said I've adapted this
recipe a little bit it's not quite the
Morgan thaller recipe so if you want to
see the morgenthal a recipe you can go
to his website and the link resides in
the video description below first thing
we're gonna do is crack an egg into the
large tin because unlike the night clubs
and very much like a modern-day
bartending we are going to be doing an
egg whites hour for this crack it on in
there that was a nice break to I was
sometimes you don't get blessed with a
nice break you know now I gotta like put
that somewhere where that yolk is in the
spill everywhere
ah come on stand up no no I don't want
that you know what I'll grab this I am
BAM problem solved
second thing we're gonna do is 1 ounce
of lime juice lemon juice sorry 1 ounce
of lemon juice and I'm gonna do half an
ounce of 1 to 1 simple syrup now this is
gonna be a little bit different than
Morgan Dollars recipe because he does
one teaspoon of two to one then we're
gonna do three quarters of an ounce of
Cask proof bourbon well I'm just using
hundred proof bonded bourbon in this
case Evan Williams and usually I would
be using Laza Ronnie amaretto but today
we're using dis or Anto because that's
what I have and DISA Ragno does
definitely works in a pinch one and a
half ounces of dis Ron oh whoa cap try
to get away from me and then we're just
gonna add that to our egg white we're
gonna let it sit for a couple seconds
now I'm gonna go over here don't get one
of these guys I'm just gonna go like
this on my hands let that citrus go to
work on the egg white and then we're
going to shake it dry shake it to them
also
so what we want to do here is aerate and
emulsify they the egg white to give it
that nice frothy texture there we go
it's nice probably get some got some
good foam on that then we're gonna use
one single dense cube drop it in there
add it to the cocktail now if the dense
cube is really cold and you hear it
crack in the tin you want to let it sit
for ten seconds so that ice will reform
okay and then well take this nice I am
actually gonna find streamis that was
over there so we like pass it there a
fine strainer just enough perfect when I
clean up that glass a little bit I just
don't want to be do messy and then last
but not least I'm not sure if
Morgentaler does this but I like to do a
little lemon zest on the top kind of rub
the edges around there rub the stem and
then just discard it and there you got
it
Jeffrey Morgenthau lers I'm Rena sour
all right guys let's chase this Jeffrey
Morgenthau lers amaretto sour and see
how it goes oh man that is delightful
that is delightful you get the amaretto
it's nice and foamy look at that like
really thick meringue on top that we got
we've got a really nice egg white foam
on there it's used now it's a lemon so
it's like really citrusy and bright this
is an incredible cocktail this is it
would be a great night cap cocktail end
of the night you just finishing up you
just want to like have one of these and
go to bed this is it oh that's good
that's really good you guys should just
up what you're doing and just make this
right now just go ahead and make it go
alright see you later
you