sadly that's the tip of the iceberg the
level is straight up and down or what we
call Plum as Carpenters but the posts
pretty much all of them aren't and
there's some other issues that I wish
stood the test of time on this fence a
little better there's powder coating
that's rusted there are trim details
like the top cap that didn't fit and
even rails down here that neither stayed
clean nor stayed straight so I'm going
to put a new fence in here and I've made
a really fun and really exciting design
I'm excited to share with you I'm using
pressure treated Southern Pine it is a
fence material I've used before and I
know I can count on Plus
this yard is going to get some extra
double duty from this fence from Fun and
Fitness to some cool storage ideas so
from tools and techniques how to to
design I'm going to show you all that
coming up in this video next
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
like in Moab on Easter Island
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
quick tip
these are my
Western red cedar benches you can make
them out of any soft wood Lumber SPF
pressure treated whatever made them out
of two by twelves and they look like
Garden benches
but I use them for Timber bunks they're
the perfect height
to work off a pile not too high and not
too low so I can work with my saws I
need to and you could probably Park a
dump truck on them super solid so I can
stack all this pressure treated Southern
Pine on here and work get this done no
fuss no Moss
can somebody help me please
a lot of boards
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's ironic but one of the best ways to
hold new grass seed
is with grass clippings so whenever I
build a fence one of my first repair
jobs to get the seed to take is to mow
the lawn with a lawnmower that has side
discharge I throw the seed down
then I come back and trap it with grass
clippings that way when I water it or it
rains the seed is more inclined to stay
because the grass is like a mulch almost
it's organic and it's interlocked and
the first step to that before a project
like this I let the grass grow out for a
couple weeks
that's really about it it's just grass
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't just like this fence I love it
and it's only possible with the
durability the strength and the beauty
of using real wood
[Music]