[Music]
[Music]
hello my name is Jamaal solar chimney
welcome to our youthful consoled video
tutorial I'm super excited to be here
today because I'm G's on this one and in
the Billikens dress what I don't love to
wait on you comfortable
I mean one to my daughter and she really
really loved I would like to say we look
and rest is not going to keep you can
make one for yourself
trust me you love it shall we use a
lightweight fabric you know for the hot
weather you know well it's one
appreciate all of you for your comments
for your life on Facebook you really got
me inspired so what is good go ahead to
make the pillowcase dress alright let's
get our fabric and notions and begin so
we have a value-add of fabric and this
dress I'm making it for only to go so I
told lasso we are the fabric is enough
if we're making it for an adult so you
need about 3 yards of fabric if you look
at our dress or the fabric to see the
fabric azam it is for aliens of soul so
there's an opening on one side and the
side is on the false close so what I'm
going to do is to open the other side of
the fabric but we need both sides to be
open or before going to do that we're
going to cut off the neck time the
philippe's dress has a necktie like tie
em on the neck that's what was just
increased and together so a bit cut out
the next time so this fabric here this
is going to be our time for the next
you will see how the ring spike in the
fabric are the individual we need is for
we need is for the next time so I'm
going to do now is to cut open this site
like I told you the other side flip the
fabric over so I look at the fabric just
about what's in both the front and the
back
you see why this is a pie easy as I get
in a square shape like a pillar kids
that's why it's called pivot is res next
and just to cut out the armhole you know
that's the only difference because of
course your arm has to be out so it's
just a model and that's what's cut out
loans for photo editing so forth to the
front side editor the back side so we
have two different pieces I mean two
different pieces but you know same front
and back so the next thing we're going
to do is to close up the sides but we'll
close up the sides so I'm going to go to
my sewing machine is like I told you
were just sort of cut off the armhole
please remember to cut off any loose
thread at the end of whatever you're
sewing it just gives it a polished look
and I always like to iron as I sew I
only also you know helps your clothes to
come out looking polished in very nice
so members always iron we're going to
use the bias tape to pipe
the amp is okay I said we're going to
use the bias tape to him
the unhaul usually bias tape for it
curves like this just rather way of
making it look plain and well finished
so that's why where is the importance
they are very good for course you know
it just keeps it flops and keeps it
looking beautiful
okay so as all this other side of him
did with the bias tape I'm just going to
go ahead and finish the other side so
now we have our casing for the neck side
and we're almost done the last thing to
do now over the next interval is to here
dress this is a bit too long for my
daughter you know so whatever size
you're making whatever lens you want it
to be you know is up to you
okay so obviously hand the beads of our
dress to keep it
so I'll be the first I own about half an
inch
40,000 in Chennai on it okay then I'm
going to fold it one more time one more
time this is about one inch little piece
that cut out initially when we started
from the fabric we're going to sew it
with about six inches altogether so
we're going to sew so it's all the way
closed pores and we're going to give us
about three inches on each side it is
also great to use to gather the fabric
right and neck you know to form the
sleeve the UM leave and then it just got
a little makes it look beautiful okay so
let's go ahead and sew the next we're
going to do a close-up don't forget to
close up from the two inches width left
while stitching you know don't forget to
close it up we just going to close it
off with a little stitch on top you know
so we have this beautiful time after
irony didn't watch the tangents will
look like but we'll go ahead and set
this tie into the case that we made
earlier on the dress so we're going to
also use a system so that we just take a
safety pin pin it up here
and all the way inside what else W of
you having Duke ahead and type whatever
way you like however you wanted
so the appliques rested ready now all we
need is a model thank you very much for
watching this video I hope you have fun
making the pillowcase dress it's super
easy like I told you and you can get it
done in 10 minutes let's give the
comments below eating the not forget to
give me a thumbs up and please subscribe
to my music video for more beneficial
and fun loving treats on how you can so
I would also like it send me a picture
on my Instagram handle and my fashion
you too can so please always remember
that you too can so thank you and have a
nice thing
[Music]
[Music]