how to make a fly the buttons look like
this it's of course one of those things
that's often used in in jeans but now
we've got it in a little scene them fat
free because of that I place them into
lining now I got here my left and my
ride
this one is a top that's the one ending
up here this one where we have a little
extra is the bottom one because it is
important that we have some displacement
down here so it close so it's not just
like that that it's actually closed so
here I made a small notch telling me
this is the center front which is in
here because it's with seam allowance
and here Center front is one centimeter
in because there's just one centimeter
of seam allowance all the way because of
this fabric I have on all the pieces
small pieces I put some interlining
first of all we got the facing for the
front which is this one with interlining
goes here that's for this piece here
then we got this one that's for the
bottom holds so that's the loose PC go
here and then the other one is where the
buttons are that's this one that goes
here but let's get started first of all
it's folded like Dennis
so it's prepared for overlook so I fold
it and as I said it is folder buttons
and here it's supposed to be over locked
then I got this one which is supposed to
be all will up here as well so in the
curve now got this one Kirra got a notch
in both ends and then I fold it like
this in the middle right against ride
and Stitch it
one centimeter at just one end
[Applause]
and then I can turn your right side out
and I got the piece four buttons here
I'm also now over locking everything
together of course this could have had a
shape now just chosen a straight one
that was for here then it's over locking
here and all looking just in the crotch
I'll do that now it's over lot my
overlook is not as good as it could be
but at the moment it's okay so now this
one goes over here and that tear and
this one first of all I start in my
facing I place that right against right
here I've got a small notch here so I'm
only so into that knowledge which is
here so it's properly it's approximately
one centimeter below now stitching this
one centimeter
and now we've got the phasing done like
this and now it's time to put the two
pieces together like this make sure you
arrange it so it's still straighted
you're not gonna drag it at any position
like this now I stitch it from this side
where I can see my stitching but
remember to fold this back because
that's not supposed to be attached up
here the centimeter that was sticking
out now I'm stitching here one
centimeter from the last stitch up here
and this is the crotch I'm doing now
[Applause]
and you see now it's possible because
I've done it like that it's possible to
get this thing to the bag without any
bolt foldings now it's the super smart
idea to iron but before doing that I
want to attach the this side where the
opt-ins are so I start doing that
exactly the same this time I stitch it
area one centimeter and I stitch it all
the way because then it's possible to
cover afterwards so it's stitch it all
the way in this extra piece here you see
it fits see it's a one centimeter again
[Music]
[Applause]
now it's brilliant to do some ironing so
I'll do that now you can see it
definitely looked like a fly what we
need the piece with the buttonholes
before doing that I want to do a top
stitching here two millimeter from the
edge
like that and of course I can do your
top stitching here as well and I'm doing
that now because later is going to be
more complicated make sure only
stitching in the top layer so do that
again two millimeter from the edge
okay now we can put this aside because
now we've got to prepare our button
buttonholes
you gotta decide where you want your
button buttons if I just don't need
making perhaps as many as no more but
I'll just make three like this and in
this case it's going to be here remember
one centimetres going away so probably a
little bit lower like this then I want
to start my buttonholes here I just mark
it like this now later they'll be
possible for you to see something about
buttonholes you general like this so now
it's just making your buttonholes here
what I'm doing now I think it's a little
sloppy but
that's better undo my buttonhole now
make my bottom hold and I cut it open
when you do that makes you are not doing
it all in one do it from side to the
center and then from side to the center
in this case you're sure not spoiling
your buttonhole because as you can see
mine is a little hard to cut the fabric
and that would be horrible if I just cut
my things in pieces of course it's easy
to cut a new one of this small thing but
if it were a a blouse and that was the
last thing that I had to don't do then I
properly pleat a little bit irritated
now gotta tear my buttonholes now turn
this over open off because this has to
be placed here as you can see it's a
little bit shorter then the one below
but it's in line so start stitching just
to attach it so it's easy to work with
and you could say why didn't you do that
before attaching it to the front it's
because I want to make sure it is this
place just a little bit so like that
open off and then just attaching all
these together
now you see when it's attached oh my god
I hate all these loose threads so if
you've seen any of my videos you know
that I'm cutting cutting all the time
here another one let's get rid of it
light down now you see we suddenly got
our buttonholes but if we don't do
anything it will just stand like this if
you're sitting down now I don't like
that so I open up again now I open up
like this and make a small stitching
between my buttonholes not all the way
just a card out
[Music]
I'm cutting some news rights and we have
gots it all ready to do the top
stitching because now you see it's in
these kind of small pockets now arrange
it I had as I said in the beginning a
small notch here which is my center
front and this were the center front as
well so it got a place those two upon
each other of course you can put a small
pin just to make sure it stays because
now we've got to do the top stitching
and the top stitching are done from the
right and this requires a sipper foot
because it's easier now one thing that
super important is that you get rid of
this because you don't want it to be
stitched in there so I open up like this
and now do my stitching
[Music]
now it's easy with this one because I
can see through the factory but anyhow
you can always do a drawing with a piece
of chalk that might leave you an idea
[Applause]
and you see now you got got it like this
that's teasing me I think y'all did like
this and you know do the bottom part
afterwards so if you've got the same
problem as me it's to see do like this
but start a little bit off and do your
second stitching
and now you can see a small piece is
missing down here but we'll do that in a
second because now close it plays a pin
and do the last stitching and something
will happen in a second because now I
don't consider this backside I just
leave it as it is like this because now
it's attached in little thing now it's
done normally because you don't want
this like that and then the bottoms are
placed here then you will have it like
that and you will make a bar tack here a
bar tack is a super small six AK so I
just do a small bar type here change the
food because then it's here
through all there yes
and you got this okay and then you see
there is a little slippy that's a place
where about tag is made as well so do
one here as well
bad size ah make a places where it can
be broken
that means opening up can easily break
the fly but now it is secured here and
when we got a waistband we got tear flat
our our fly with buttons so it's not as
complicated as your thing
did you like what you just seem and do
you want to learn more then subscribe
I'll constantly develop and upload new
things all based upon the professional
way of sewing all the best for me and
good luck with your work