[Music]
welcome to master Bachman tutorials and
today we're going to learn how to do
something very exciting something very
very exciting it
is fake
poop for this tutorial you only need two
items one is a hose the second one is an
airator both of these items can both be
picked up at your local hardware store
once you have these you're ready to
go for step one find a yard to use and
then turn on your water you can either
use your yard or if you live an
apartment use a park probably be frown
upon for step two just apply the water
to your yard not too much cuz you don't
want to flood it but just enough so that
it's you know
muddy okay step three you're going to
use the air raater into the ground and
what this is going to do is it's
actually going to poop out little poops
straight out of the sides of it as you
can see here and you just keep doing it
until you got enough till you want and
voila tons of fake poop here's another
shot of fake poop look at that thing
isn't it just gorgeous look at it come
[Music]
out and now that we have our little
things squatted out of it now we are
ready to Harvest
them as you see we have very little and
very various realistic looking pieces of
poop now you can prank your parents you
can prank your grandparents I don't care
who you prank you have fake poop and
it's squishy and realistic so
[Music]
realistic if you like this tutorial you
better subscribe quick cuz the button's
not going to be there
forever okay please really do subscribe
[Music]