hi there in this pool solutions DIY help
video we will show you how we will
restore old and contaminated mosaic
tiles with a lot of calcium deposits and
restore it to a former glory like this
we will be using a grinding and method
by which we can run these tiles with
grinding disks and then bring out the
gloss again by applying an epoxy layer
on top of it we will be using P 36 fibre
disks from Lucas abrasives of Salem or
similar mic mount it on a rubber backing
this like this which and we use the m14
flexi pad type that these are available
from us the dis and the backing disc and
here you can see how we were slightly
float over these stars to remove the
dirt without grinding through the
colored layer on these mosaic tiles this
can be done on the very old pipe and
small type of mosaic tiles which is not
available anymore on lighter type of
tiles you might experiment with less
abrasive type disks just leaning by hand
here in the small spots and then with
these cracks and openings you can fill
these with all white Tulsa mint or we
will be using the underwater pool
patching which is a product from sim
creat to fill these cracks and holes and
openings under the coping stone and also
for any other cracks and openings on the
swimming pool
you
before working with chemicals it is
necessary to take some precautions and
basic precautions to prevent inhaling of
any of the film's solvents and any
release from the chemicals protect the
skin with basic gloves surgical gloves
available from any pharmacy will do and
if necessary also protect the eyes now
this is the tools and the equipment that
we will be using for this process look
at the electric drill and the mixing tub
in the middle that we will use to meet
the epoxy the epoxy liquids properly and
also the mat and cloth for cleaning up
any contamination the mixing buckets at
the back at the right and you will see
in the middle at the back some small
measuring mugs that we will use to
measure out the correct quantities of
the part I the three parts I epoxy resin
with the two parts of the epoxy curing
agent and then of course the buckets
with epoxy liquids that you can see they
when mixing our epoxy liquids please
make sure that you always mix the epoxy
resin part which is mark part a which
could be the primer I or the top coat a
but mix the the a part of the epoxy the
reason part quite well before mixing it
with a big component as you can see we
are doing here
in this application however we will be
using primer ie the course linked to a
total B component which is both a clear
epoxy and you can see here we will be
measuring out three parts of the primer
a with two parts of the topcoat B to
obtain a basic
a clear cult that we can apply on top of
the tiles now you can see here we we are
measuring up three parts of the primer a
and we will now proceed to use the top
coat be alright there is the first part
of the curing agent going into the mix
second part
and we will mix this again thoroughly
with a mixing tub and daily trick that
all we mix in small quantities as you
can see here we've got around about 2.5
liters mixed they support life after
mixing these two components together of
about 30 minutes even shorter 15 to 20
minutes on warmer days so I don't mix
too much of this
I envy parts together at one time we
will divide this quantity between it to
find us and you can see the clear coat
forming day and once applied on to the
towels this will be completely
see-through and a clear coat layer to
bring out the gloss on the mosaic towels
again
we have grinded the towels slightly with
mix the epoxy and we are now ready to
start with our own application and you
will see how that loss of these tiles
will be restored when you look at it
from nearby now whether all are you you
get a little bit of a more speckled
finish as you can see a the clear coat
that we mix there's quite a crew mix
nothing special nothing fancy so there's
no surface release additives and
self-leveling additives in here and it
will give you that little speckled
finish winner all done but see what
happens when you when you use a brush to
do the finishing
and in this video you will clearly see
the difference between the road on
clearcoat and using a brush which gives
you a much more smooth lost finish as it
goes over it with a brush again
and now watch out for that little
patched area where the underwater pool
patching coming up there it is and
here's the finished look of another pool
that we did only with our old own method
and you can see the little more speckled
look of it and this was before we apply
to the other layers on the rest of the
pool which you can see here and this was
when it was finished who painted clear
coat on the tiles and they're supposed
to finish the result of this one I hope
you've enjoyed this video with us thank
you