hey this is Cole with KC power clean and
today we're in Rancho Santa Margarita
doing a roof wash here as you can see
the algae and the mold is built up
pretty bad but this roof is a little bit
different than most of the other ones
that we do in the fact that it's Clay um
most of the concrete roof tiles uh we
walk on are very easy to walk on um they
don't break that easy so that's not
really a concern but the clay towers are
really delicate extremely hard to walk
on and most of the homeowners are really
concerned about us breaking them uh and
and eventually causing the roof roof Le
so one of the things that we came up
with are these foam pads and they allow
us to walk on it um I wouldn't say it's
fullprof but it definitely helps a lot
do uh the average person just walking on
you're bound to break some these help a
lot disperse the weight and safely uh
walk walk on the roof and wash at the
same time um here's a little
demo
you have a similar problem like this and
you're a little concerned about uh crack
tiles and possibly causing roof leaks
give to call uh 714 34 CLE or visit us
on our website at kcow clean.com
thanks