hey guys welcome back to my channel this
is a quick video in response to a
comment by Shalini s she had even sent
me pictures of her iron tower so this is
just a quick video to let you know how
to prevent rust formation from your ion
tava or cast iron pan like the one I am
showing in this video so this is my ten
point two five inch cast iron pan and as
you can see it is rusted now so how does
this rust happens how can you prevent it
when you make food on this cast iron pan
and after washing and the rinsing it
thoroughly don't store it without drying
it on the stovetop that is you have to
heat this up a gate and then you have to
grease it with oil I prefer to use
ginger oil to grease cast iron or iron
powers now this is my Houston deep
skillet and this to show you how it get
rusted what I did was after making food
in it I just washed it and did not dry
it up or did not heat it up and right if
your fan is in this condition like it
has rust formation like this on the
sides on the bottom now everywhere it is
rusted so this pan is starting to get
rusted all around so if the pan or tower
you have has started to get rusted you
don't need to worry all you have to do
is just simply wash it with mild soap
what I do is I just did I loot the
dishwashing liquid a with water and then
I'll just simply rinse it with a sponge
I don't use a steel scrubber I don't use
anything harsh on this so just I added
in our water but now I think you can
clearly see the rust in the pan we just
want to remove the dust on the top layer
or you can also use a scrub like this
and just lightly scrub it out so when
you scrub the rust will also be removed
and now discard this water and as you
can see the water is also discolored now
discard this water and rinse it one or
two times so okay now I have discarded
the water and now I'm going to turn on
the flame and I'm going to heat this up
so now this fan is getting heated up so
once the water has evaporated completely
I am putting the flame on the lowest and
then I am drizzling in gingerly oil just
a couple of drops of ginger oil
and now with the tissue paper I'm just
greasing the pan make sure that you
grease the insides as well as the
outside of the cast-iron pan and I'm
turning off the flame just adding in a
few more drops of oil but this pan has
become really dry you can see the rust
on the paper towel so I'm going to
discard that and I'm making adding in a
few drops of gin chili oil and with a
fresh tissue paper and just racing it
again
and make sure you grease all over the
pan the insides and the outsides of the
pan even the handles and now I love this
to cool down completely and then you can
stir this so this is how you should
season your cast-iron pan for iron tower
each and every time after you cook food
on it only then it will stay seasoned
and prevent rust formation
and now I'm also doing the same thing
with my second 10.25 inch cast-iron pan
I'm getting it heated up on the gas
stove and now once it is heated nicely
and all the water has evaporated I'm
adding in few drops of gingerly oil and
putting the flame on the lowest and with
a tissue paper I'm just using it all
over the pan make sure you grease the
sides the handles and even the outside
of the pan and now this pan is
well-seasoned and it will have a non
sticky surface if you maintain your
cast-iron pans or ions of us like this
so I hope this video was helpful and
thank you Charlene es for taking time to
ask this question and I'm sure this will
help a lot of girls especially those who
are new to cooking so guys do like
comment and share this video with family
and friends thank you for watching and
until next time take care bye bye