Halloween a night for candy costumes and
fun however for some it can also be a
night of mischief and man having your
car hit with eggs covered in silly
string or slathered and shaving cream is
never fun and cleaning up the aftermath
of Halloween hijinks can be tricky if
you find yourself as the unexpected
target of some Halloween pranksters the
auto care coverage team has some tips
for you shaving cream silly string
feathers and even lipstick are for the
most part all easy to remove from your
car's exterior first simply wash your
car using your favorite car wash shampoo
if this doesn't do the trick
upgrade is something slightly stronger
such as a professional detailing clay
bar tackling the left-behind residue as
soon as possible is your best bet to
avoid long term damage damage from eggs
is a little bit more troublesome if you
make it to your car before the egg is
dried a general washing should do the
trick however if too much time has
passed and the egg is dried you may be
in trouble
make sure you remove every piece of the
eggshell visible then take a
high-powered hose to get rid of any
additional shell to avoid tiny scratches
next create a mixture of two cups warm
water and two cups of vinegar then soak
a towel in the solution apply the towel
on the egg stain and leave it to soak
for 15 to 20 minutes and finally remove
the towel and clean away the rest with a
clean towel soaked in warm water repeat
these steps is needed until the egg
stain has disappeared model care also
offers a wide variety of vehicle service
contracts that can protect you and your
family from the unexpected for more tips
about general car care maintenance visit