[Music]
from Debi's design diary calm this is
serial DIY one house repurposed week by
week this is episode 11 the geode
inspired paint poor chair
this chair right here it was $5 and it's
from Pottery Barn and there's nothing
wrong with it the original price was
$200 when I walked up to the booth I
asked him how much the chair was he had
that attitude of I don't care what it is
I just need it out of my life everything
is five dollars my sister and I filled
up my car with as much as we could fit I
had so much stuff in my trunk
that we could barely drive home we were
inches away from the windshield and it
was kind of dangerous I've been watching
an episode of Hoarders and it kind of
scares me because if I let myself go I
could totally be one of those people
we just went junk hunting I'm in the
passenger seat as you can see and I got
we had to pack and unpack the car like
three times to get it all in look there
it is
Oh guess what we got junk we have to
take the car seats out and I'm trying to
figure this out I don't even know if
this is legal to drive like this we're
gonna take this DIY paint right here and
we're gonna pour it on top of the chair
we're gonna paint it with farm-fresh and
vintage linen and golden ticket we're
gonna let it drip we're gonna let it mix
together have you seen it on YouTube
where you take all the the paint colors
you pour them into the cup you just go
like this and then you lift up the cup
and the paint just kind of swirls around
do you have to have this taken on yeah
[Music]
why don't you want to talk in the video
I can't concentrate on my work my dad
helped me remove the hardware from the
chair so it would be easier to pour
paint on the wood surface DIY paint is
clay based highly pigmented and doesn't
separate in most cases even our whites
cover in one coat this chair has a metal
base and an oiled bronze finish I
painted one coat of vintage linen and
one coat of golden-ticket
golden ticket is a metallic topcoat so
there was no need to apply a sealer next
I applied one coat of vintage linen to
the wood seat and back DIY paint will
adhere to almost anything without
sanding or priming because it's clay
based and I have to do pour the paint on
top of the wood carts I just filmed
three times and it was all out of focus
yeah that was fun I've been
procrastinating because it's kind of
freaking me out all I have to do now is
take the paint and pour it onto the
surface and then you take this little
stick and you just kind of mix it a
little bit and just let it drip off I'm
going to take this which is big top and
this will help keep the colors separated
you also need one of these this is from
the 99-cent store if you don't have one
of these you're gonna end up with a big
mess I have to do it now I have to quit
procrastinating and stop freaking out it
should be really easy like you just take
it and you pour it on and you mix it up
and and and just let it happen I mixed a
50/50 concoction of paint two big top
this will thin the paint and keep the
colors from mushing together
I tried this without the big top and the
colors melted together and the pattern
that I was going for was
is visible compared to the paint poor on
canvas videos I have watched I used a
lot less paint in my method I did this
because I was concerned that too much
paint on a piece of furniture could peel
up over time I layered a mix of old 57
mermaid tail farm-fresh vintage linen
hey sailor and golden ticket then I used
a spray bottle full of water and a craft
stick to help the paint move and flow
together I used a lot less of hey sailor
and golden ticket because I found that
the darker more prominent shades can
take over the lighter more pastel colors
there are so many ways to get this look
and so many videos with more information
and techniques on youtube i'll link some
of my favorites in the description box i
chose to pour the paint out in stripes
because i wanted the chair to have
layers of color like a geode or a
crystal that had been cracked open i was
going for a more simple pattern but
there are many other patterns and color
combinations
[Music]
this part is tricky to control the way
you tilt the surface determines the
pattern and it's tempting to mess with
it too much and not know when to stop I
purchased a 10 pack of small canvases at
the craft store for 10 dollars I use
these to practice on before I tried this
on my chair
[Music]
after the chair had dried completely I
very lightly sanded it to bring out more
detail and then I gave it a clear coat
of big-top to protect the surface and to
make the colors pop
[Music]
[Music]
get a really good look at it can you see
it
it looks good through the back of it I
practiced on this side before I did the
front and as you can see the first try
wasn't very good be sure and read my
blog post because I have lots of tips on
how to make this project work these are
my new shoe reward right here I know
I've been buying a lot of shoes lately
but they kind of go with the chair if
you want to find out where I got these
shoes or the shoes from the last video I
put the link in the description box I
got these knobs at Anthropologie I got
these at Anthropologie too lately I've
been kind of obsessed with shiny rock so
thanks for watching and I will see you
in the next video to find DIY pain in
your area or to sell DIY paint in your
store click the link below and for more
DIY videos subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]
I wanted to spin around on it but it's
stuck on the carpet