I'm now going to show you how to make
one of the easiest uh but probably one
of the most
versatile uh rigs going uh certainly
when it comes to to to Big Fish this is
probably accounted for more big fish
than any other rig uh very very simple
uh easy to assemble you don't mind if
you lose a few of them during a session
uh obviously you don't want to but if it
does happen there's not too many
components that into it um so it's uh
yeah really a key one to uh stock up on
in your in your wallets so what we're
going to do uh I'm going to start off
rig body again uh I'm using 60 you can
go up to Â£80 if you want to certain
wouldn't recommend going much under
60 uh this is going to be uh the main
rig body this is where the lead's going
to be fished off uh I'm going to do uh
just a a short version just to give you
an idea of what we're doing so normally
uh you can fish these in various lengths
as well it can uh you know be longer and
shorter according to uh how much Tide's
going how how you want to approach what
fish you're approaching um but the key
thing about the pulley rig is that when
fish usually come onto the bait when
you're fishing a pulley rig uh is
basically they come onto it and they
don't have tension uh when they
intercept the bait uh is when they start
swimming off they basically hit the hit
hit the weight of the uh lead uh and
that's usually when the first uh first
realize that some something things a
Miss it's a bit like a bolt rig
essentially for a uh for for a car or in
the Co fishing world so what we do is we
would take probably around I'm just
going to make a a short one here but
probably around 3T
of greased
weasel and just snip that
there at the bottom end of this we're
going to put on just a a rig
clip just a link uh geni link
clip you can fish these with a bait
holders as well uh I'm going to actually
do this one utilizing it with the uh the
Breakaway so I don't need that one I
don't need the rig clip here so anyway
I'm just going to knot that
just
simple draw that
down and that can just get snipped don't
snip it too close there's no need to so
at least then if the nland does slip a
little bit you've got a bit of give but
that's not going to go anywhere from
there we come to the other
side now on
here the first thing to do is put a bead
and they're quite big beads they're
probably 5 mil beads this will stop
anything from banging against the the
the knot uh down the bottom uh by the
link uh the the link clip so we then put
and these are pulley they're basically
specifically designed for pulley rigs uh
they come in a few different uh designs
as you can see here um you don't need
anything too complicated uh these are
just fine so I just po pop that on there
and then literally straight back
onto another big
bead say saying it's uh as I said at the
start is a very simple process then you
want a a a strong swivel okay this is a
Mainline swivel rather than a snood
swivel and this is uh 80 lb in in
strength so you want it at least as
strong as your uh rig body so so all
we're going to do with this is
knot that
on like so just pull that down again I'm
not too thiry about leaving little tag
end I want that much saying
that so really simple so far
um what we then do is we then have the
length essentially that goes down to the
hook and this is a shorter length Okay
so this can actually be literally a
couple of
feet so that's all we need I'm using and
you can use finer NYL at this point uh
you can still use the 60 or 80 or
whatever if you want to but actually you
can step down because essentially the
weight uh the lead is going to be on
this section rather than on the section
I've just cut so actually from a safety
perspective that's where things can go
wrong and that's where you need maximum
safety on here we just have the
hooks so
on on this new section I'm just going to
cut some uh PVC rig tubing silicon or
PVC uh this is basically just going to
act as a bait stop a bait
holder that's going to
cut maybe two 2 to 3
mil just going to take that through and
then through
again just pull that in
there you go so that's going to act as
my rig stop
okay so that's going to slide that up
and this section so the other end now
gets attached to the other end of the
swivel and again we put the bead on the
other side there uh there's nothing
sliding up on this new section so we
don't need to put an another bead on so
just going to attach that tie it off
snip and then on the other side of this
this is the catching end
so I would usually fish so this it's
going to be on a on a penel you don't
have to fish a penel if you're fishing
very Rocky ground you may only want to
put one hook on but I I usually fish a
penel and it usually have the smaller
hook up the line uh followed by the the
bigger hook uh you can sometimes catch
fish on the smaller upper hook uh yeah
smaller fish uh or if you're fishing a
big bait it allows you uh to to fully
capitalize on any takes of the big fish
so you just put the first hook uh
actually sorry missed just going to put
a little uh sequin on there as well just
uh just the Gemini
sequins nothing too fancy just stops the
bait again from from going up the line
so that's just
there uh and then we just pop the that's
a 1 o there and then we actually attach
onto a 3 and the 3 actually gets tied on
just like
that so that's that done you just snip
that
off what happens now is so if you put a
big bait on say if you take it um
through a side of mackerel or whatever
take it up the
line push it up onto the line uh and
then it would you can push it up onto
the onto the rig body up here and what
you'd then do you'd bring this other
hook down You' then twist the nylon or
rig body around the hook that stops it
stops him from slipping and then through
the top end of the bait uh and then
afterwards you would slide
that stop
down and your bait will essentially fish
like that so you can see you can present
a big bait really well and this top hook
will also stop the bait from uh just
sliding straight down uh onto onto the
bottom hook and probably masking the
point of the other hook so it's really
nice way of presenting a bait as well
that's all that's left to do then uh on
the bottom end you would actually clip
that onto your onto your lead you would
then put that onto
there this section would then go onto
the end of your uh shock leader and then
when you connect it all
up basically both ends will run like
that so it all
just uh clipped down nicely uh so it's a
good rig for getting you know a good
distance with uh a big bait as well so
uh but they very easy as you saw
literally even with me talking along uh
it literally took a couple of minutes to
to assemble all that so really easy rig
so if you just follow that up there's
the the main
swivel and that goes up all the way
again onto
your main line just there so onto your
shock leader and then onto your main
line so really simple again I really
recommend forming a few of those uh
really great for for your big fish if
you want to put a big laun or a big sand
or something on there for a bass or in
the winter a big lug and Squid cocktail
uh if you want to go for um Rays or
smooth hound or whatever it's a perfect
uh perfect rig you can fish them in all
different lengths uh but a really
versatile rig and one that you should
always uh have have in your Armory
[Applause]