hey guys hi everybody welcome back to
HGTV handmade I'm here with Karen I'm
sure you guys have seen her face once or
twice and she is visiting me down here
in Texas so today we're going to do some
fall arts and crafts so we actually got
these little mini mason jars they are so
cute and so little and we're going to be
turning them into candles yes so let's
get started to make the candles you'll
need wax Flakes a jar a candle wick and
fragrance oil
add hot glue to the bottom of the wick
then secure it to the center of the jar
you'll need to keep the wick centered
while you pour the wax so I used a hair
clip to hold it in place melt the wax
flakes in a microwave then add in the
scent of your choice
[Music]
[Music]
pour in the melted wax then leave this
overnight to set try not to move the jar
while the wax is
hardening finish the candle by trimming
the
[Music]
wick now it's time to decorate the
[Music]
jar now for mine I decided to cover it
with this burlap ribbon so I just cut it
down to size and I used a hot glue gun
to attach it
[Music]
then I decided to cover the top of the
jar with this black and white twine and
I just tied it
on there are dozens of ways to decorate
these jars just get creative with burlap
or ribbon and you'll have a cute fall
themed container for your
candle these mini mason jar candles are
so adorable and they were really really
easy to make they will make a great gift
if you wanted to just make a whole batch
of them one night you could give them
out to all of your friends yes thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video and stay tuned in 2
weeks when we'll be doing another fall
themed video together bye everyone bye
guys