you really think you can cook better
than me oh yeah Gordon you're having a
laugh aren't you no no no this is you
know dead simple this the whole the
whole Murray food philosophy simple keep
it simple stupid okay so it's a thick
cut loaf currs bit of milk yeah yeah
sounds disgusting is that it it's not
disgusting so how many eggs you putting
in there three you tip
bastard in my bread and butter pudding
I'm going to use three whole eggs and
three yolk so it gets really nice rich
delicious custard can you stop watching
me cuz I feel you're trying to steal my
recipe would you like to be a proper
Chef one day oh God
no no what would put you off the hours
you
mate what do you mean me well you know
clearly plays havoc with a person being
a chef I mean I've hung out with sge a
lot and he's not normal so what have you
done first tell me I've done the bread
I've buttered the pan you have to butter
the pan children yeah butter the pan or
it won't come off the pan when you're
washing it up what are you flavoring
your Custard
with well sugar and lemon no alcohol no
alcohol no are you putting alcohol in
yours you know it's sort of autumn so
I'm going to put a little bit of
Bailey's cream in there that's classy
you know what ladies like when they love
Bailey's and eyes it's a fruit based
drink for the lady
yeah you know and do you know what it
just makes that a little bit Moorish
yeah yeah yeah I believe you you see my
baguettes are 24 hours old are they yes
that's what I'd heard so because the
drier they are Yeah the more custom they
the more custard they absorb yeah like
you've got big fat stodgy bread it's not
going to absorb any custard it's going
to like eating dry bread ow you can't do
that to our customers they're your
customers I'm not here next week so what
you put at the bottom of your dish
butter and then the bread and then the
bread on top buttered Bread on top of
the butter see I'm putting a little bit
of surprise at the bottom of mine oh
that's exciting let's have a look let's
have a look at what you're actually
doing here what's this dried cranberries
oh they're delicious aren they AR just
really I've got cystitis cuz that's
exactly what I
needo come on come on hey hey that's
unfair now tast that's good for the
urinary tra that is is it yeah it is
actually have you soaked these uh yes
are quite juicy just in hot water that's
all just to sort of rehydrate them a
little bit
right so
anyway before I so rudely interrupted
get the custard right which I didn't
bother cooking right there's no point
he's going to cook in the oven anyway
right he's complicating it again and you
pour the C in on top put the raisins on
I've got some raisins left you see this
is how I cook in a haphazard manalan gy
I defy anyone to argue with my bread and
butter
pudding okay whilst Al is making this
bread and butter sandwich full of
raisins what we've got here is um the
most amazing sort of soaked 24-hour old
baguette and it's done with a sort of
Bailey's Custard in between the layers
we've got sultanas golden raisins a
little bit of apricot jam and then we're
going to cover the top of that with
sugar so it caramelizes as it Cooks in
the oven and that's going to be 10 times
better than old cheffy over there that
tastes like stale bread that's been
dipped in ale and left outside for 3
weeks and even the cat won't eat it okay
ready for the oven yeah absolutely yeah
here it
comes now just before it goes in there
just just just have a look and even
before they cooked yeah you know exactly
which one's going to come out best with
a blind tasters that one oh come on now
the normal one you know it's not down to
the appearance is it The Taste what
matters is the Taste yeah taste taste
taste okay you want to say a little
prayer before no no no no I'm a Believer
you're a Believer okay good luck my man
thank you