hi everyone so I actually filmed this
opening package um back during
Thanksgiving break but then there was
some misunderstanding between Sophi and
tofe and myself um I mentioned that I
used polymer clay but they sent air dry
clay however I'm still going to be doing
demonstrations of this air dry clay with
a variety of malt I have and at the
moment it is very disorganized in here
but again it's because I've opened it
once before it came in a lot of bubble
wrap and it was neatly put in before I
opened the package so now I'm just going
to get on with the demonstration and if
you have any questions leave them in the
comment box below and I'll try to answer
them all of these products are available
on Sophia and Toof so I'll leave the
link down below and I'll give you guys a
small coupon you can use at checkout and
uh if you have any questions just let me
know and just enjoy the video so here's
an overview of all of the colors I got
24 different containers and there are
pretty much like different variations of
the same color so as you can see there's
a bunch of different oranges and yellows
pinks greens and blues and I'm only
going to be using some of these colors
during the demonstration I just wanted
to show you one of the containers and
this is what um the container looks like
it's super cute they have the little
Sophie and toffee stickers on them it
also came with some of the air dry craft
glue and so here it says clay craft glue
and Sophi and toffee name on it again
and it also came with some tools so
these are the tools that it came with
so as you can see this one is a little
dry it's not as stretchy as the previous
one
so as you can see this is really really
soft and as long as you keep it in a
sealed container like so or a screw on
container oo it's going to stay as soft
as this it's really really pliable I'm
very very surprised by this air dry clay
super super stretchy very soft um but it
does get kind of hard and um it
separates kind of like Styrofoam like
the pink one from earlier if you saw
that one I'll leave a clip again but I
just make sure to keep your air dry clay
[Music]
sealed now according to the website you
can also mix colors so I'm going to mix
some of this funny looking blue with a
little bit of white just to show you how
it
works as you can see this is now a very
much lighter blue than it originally was
so you can definitely mix and match
these colors the website says to leave
this in for drying for 4 hours and it
does still seem very sticky so I don't
want to use something to pull it out and
then damage the back so I will be back
to show you the removal
process so this one was the drier pink
but it still came out okay I can always
fill in the center with whipped cream
and something to hide it so I've kept
these in the molds for about 2 hours now
and as you can see with this mold you
can see that it kind of shrunk a little
bit
inside this one was the one that was a
little more dry so it just popped
straight out of the mold but this one
was the one that as you saw was very
very stretchy so it's not quite ready
even though it's 2 hours later so I'll
probably give it another 2 hours or
maybe even a full 24 hours and then pop
it out of this mold because it is very
flexible
[Music]
if you purchase this item I would say to
be very careful with it because when I
tried squeezing out the glue it had
already dried in here there's no stopper
between the tip and the bottle itself so
I thought that you know I wasn't
squeezing hard enough and then I lost
half the product and it kind of just
spilled everywhere because I didn't know
that it had dried at the tip so I'm
actually by my window right now but
these are the pieces after they've
hardened already and it's still somewhat
squishy if I had to compare it to
another another brand of air dry clay I
would compare it to Hardy so you guys
should definitely check out this air dry
clay by Sophie and toffee it is actually
very durable um the only issue as I've
mentioned before are is that some of the
different colored Clays are softer than
others so for example this one came out
of the mold but it was still not fully
hardened even though it was 3 days after
so um I would give it about a full week
or so but now that it's hard and you
really can't shape it it doesn't deform
or anything and uh I actually like how
all of the pieces turned out there are
some little dents because of you know me
not being sure when to pop these out of
the mold especially because usually with
Hardy you can kind of pop it out within
30 minutes to an hour but this one it
depends on the clay you really
definitely have to experiment but I hope
you guys enjoyed and if you have any
questions leave them in the down box
below and I will have more tutorials
from Sophie and toffee products very
very soon so I'll talk to you guys later
bye