hey riding superstars today I'm going to
answer the question why do horses foam
at the mouth
so I've been riding our butt for about
five minutes and I thought I'd stop and
show you he has white foam all around
his mouth and through his mouth if I
keep riding him I've just been walking
at the moment if I then trotted and
canted and warmed him up freeze go on
pre-work and then did the Grand Prix
work there would be white foam all over
his chest all over my all over my feet
it goes everywhere now I actually had a
comment if someone going Oh what are you
doing that poof it's foaming at the
mouth and I thought well that's it
that's true like if you don't know
anything about horses
you would think foaming at the mouth is
bad same as if I walk past a dog and
it's foaming at the mouth I'm like oh
that can't be good but horse horses
foaming at the mouth is awesome
everything of dresser dried I wants a
horse to foam at the mouth Wow
foaming at the mouth means that the jaw
is relaxed that the horse is accepting
of the bit and not and and learning it
saliva flow rather than tightening their
mouth tightening their jaw I'm not
accepting the bed not chewing the bit
and yeah that if there's no moisture
there that then the horse is holding
that moisture and that means that
there's tightness and non acceptance of
the bit so the fact that the horse's
farm is a good thing most coaches like
to give a rider's like to give their
horses apple or sugar or something to
encourage the saliva flow to encourage
the relaxation you want your horse to
chew the bit
not all the time but you want your horse
to be yeah I'm sorry that think if I put
something in your mouth when I go to the
dentist I get this thing put in my mouth
that I have to hold in my mouth for 90
seconds and then they give you a tissue
because you drool because you're holding
this thing in your mouth but you can't
you can still swallow but yeah I don't
quite know why you drooled but you do
drool it's the same as the horse we want
the horse to drool because that means
he's relaxed he's not tight in his jaw
or holding his saliva and glands that
he's just doing his own thing and he's
happy so trusts that helps and like I
said if you have a horse that doesn't
find you there's no harm and once you
put the bit in their mouth you can give
them a little bit of apple or give them
a little piece of sugar and see if that
increases the salaah
and therefore and and then goes the
rider is my contact better is the horse
more accepting and if it is then that's
always a good thing if you liked today's
episode make sure you hit the subscribe
button so you never miss an episode and
if you want to leave a comment I read
all my comments so let us know how this
helped I'm super super super excited I
so let you know that we have a
competition training if you'd like to
know how to get better in competition
how to overcome competition nerves how
to master a warm-up how to remember your
test and learn and remember your test so
you don't need to call her and you don't
forget it I've got that all in my free
competition training of our boys so
click on the link and grab that training
and I will see you guys very soon