[Music]
hi everyone it's Christina from the DIY
mommy.com and today I want to give you
the progress on our dining room makeover
plus to show you how to make DIY
chocolate welcome back to my channel
again today thanks so much for popping
in to say hi and seeing what I'm up to
I'm feeling rather crazy uh lately my
hair is wild I haven't showered in like
2 days I just have so much on the goal
right now so I apologize if this is kind
of scattered I am on week two of the one
room challenge this is a challenge put
on by a Blog called calling it home and
she asks um a bunch of guest bloggers
and some featured designers to make over
one room in their home in the period of
6 weeks I chose to make over our formal
sitting room into a formal dining room
and I will leave a link in the
description box below and somewhere up
here um to last week's video where I
show you the before footage as well as
the mood board showing you what I'm
going to do with this face so today I'm
going to give you kind of an update on
what I've done so far which is hardly
anything to be honest um I had another
project on the go that was due this week
so I had to do that and then um this
project I just kind of emptied out the
space and made some DIY chalk finish
paint and started working on this
dresser back here which I think is
looking pretty cool so today what I want
to do is show you how to make your own
DIY chalk finish paint and I think
you'll love it let's get started here's
a look at how our dining room makeover
looks right now so basically I took out
our coffee table put it in the basement
took out some side tables and I'm going
to give those away to a friend and I'm
starting to work on painting this old
dresser that I have with some DIY chalk
finish paint so really not much progress
but like I said it's been a really busy
week so this is what I have so far so
let me show you how I made this DIY
chalk finish paint chalk finish paint is
a thicker style of paint it kind of has
a chalky look to it it's great if you
wanted to furniture that kind of has a
country a weathered look to
it so to make this paint you'll need a
nice big bucket measuring cup and a
brush I'm just using some matte finished
latex paint so either matte or egg shell
paint is going to work for this project
and you're going to want to put three
parts of paint into the bucket so I did
my three parts were three cups so I put
three cups of paint into my bucket again
just make sure your PT paint is a lower
Sheen so matte paint or eggshell paint
works for making chalk style
[Music]
paint next take some plaster of Paris
you're going to want one part of plaster
of Paris so in this case I am using 1
cup plaster of Paris you can find this
at your home improvement store and it's
relatively inexpensive
and then put a little bit of water in it
and you're going to want to dissolve the
plaster of Paris in the water the goal
here is to make it so that it's nice and
smooth with no lumps in it so I used
about a/4 to 1/3 cup of water in my 1
cup of plaster of
Paris mix the water really well with the
plaster of Paris to make sure it's nice
and smooth with no lumps this is going
to give your paint that really thick
chalky appearance
and finally pour your plaster of Paris
and water into to your paint so I have
one cup plaster of Paris to three parts
latex paint I'm using a low vooc latex
paint and mix it really really
thoroughly you might find that your
paint dries out a little bit so you
might have to keep mixing it and keep
adding a little bit of water to it over
time this dresser was my very first
piece of furniture that I got years ago
on discount I think I paid a hundred
bucks for it it's solid wood so I
thought I would give it a makeover it's
a nostalgic piece and I wanted to keep
it the wonderful thing about Chalk
finish paint is that you do not have to
sand your piece this paint is so sticky
I've even used this recipe of chalk
style paint on metal and it sticks
really well the other thing I like about
this paint is that it dries really
quickly
I am going to just give you a sneak peek
of how I did this dresser but I'm going
to do some further details on this
dresser makeover in a later video you
can also sand off the edges of paint to
kind of give your piece a distress look
if you like that country style of look
and I will show you more details on that
in another
video thank you so much for watching my
video today I hope you enjoyed it um if
you try to make your own DIY chalk
finish paint please let me know in the
comments below if you have your own
recipe for this that works really well I
would love to hear your spin on it thank
you so much for watching please give
this video a thumbs up if you liked it
subscribe to my channel if you want to
stay up to date with the latest updates
on the one room challenge as well as DIY
and home daycor videos thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you all
again next time bye