hi everyone and welcome to the mushroom
Den today I'm going to show you three
ways you can make vegan ice cream at
home without the use of an ice cream
machine now I'm showing you three
recipes for the base but you can play
around with the flavor however you want
our first one is chocolate and ice cream
and our base is bananas cashews and
almond milk so we'll need about two
frozen bananas about half a cup of
cashews that I soaked overnight some
almond milk some dates that I slightly
boil B in water to make it easier to
blend but you can use any sweetener you
want some cocoa powder and some vanilla
extract you're going to start by
blending your cashews almond milk and
dates once you get that creamy
consistency you can go ahead and add
your vanilla extract
your cocoa
powder and the
bananas then you can go ahead and blend
for about a minute or
so pour everything in an airtight
container and pop it in the freezer
overnight the next day you should have
something looking like this I left my
ice cream sit on the counter for about
35 to 40 minutes before serving the
banana cashew and almond milk makes it
very creamy the dates give the perfect
amount of sweetness I love chocolate so
this is definitely one of my fav I
decided to top it with some chocolate
chips and some shredded coconuts
so the next one is a mango and
strawberry ice cream and our base is
just the coconut cream so for that we'll
need some frozen mango chunks I'll use
about 3 cups some coconut cream that I
had in the fridge overnight some maple
syrup and some finely chopped
strawberries so for this one all you
need to do is dump your mango chunks
coconut
cream and maple syrup into the blender
and blend until you get a creamy
consistency once that's done go ahead
and pour the mixture into a
container add your chopped strawberries
and give it a good
mix and pop it in the freezer
overnight the next day you should have
something looking like this again very
creamy you can definitely taste the
mango and coconut
together and of course I decided to top
it with a strawberry for the beautiful
picture last but definitely not least we
have some cookies and cream and our base
is coconut milk coconut cream and some
corn starch since we're making cookies
and cream I decided to go for some Oreo
cookies they're vegan by the way we'll
also need some organic cane sugar and
some vanilla extract
to start you need to pour your coconut
milk into a
saucepan and add in your
sugar then on a separate container use
some of your coconut milk to mix your
corn star here I have about 1/4 cup of
the coconut milk and I'm mixing it with
2 tbsp of corn starch then place your
saucepan on the stove on medium low heat
and let your coconut milk warm up until
all of the cream in the coconut milk is
completely
melted then go ahead and add your corn
starch mixture while still whisking and
continue to whisk until the mixture
becomes thick but don't ever let it boil
you'll know when the mixture is ready
when it can fully coat a spoon and you
can run your finger through without it
covering back the spoon hope I'm making
sense then on a separate container go
ahead and add your coconut cream here
I'm using only half the can
and I'm using a hand mixer to give it a
good mix then add your vanilla
extract and your coconut milk and corn
starch mixture run your hand mixture one
more time to combine
everything then go ahead and add your
cookies mix everything up using a
spatula then pour it into a
container so to make sure that my ice
cream does not form a layer of skin
because of the cooking process that was
involved I'm adding some plastic wrap
making sure that it touches that top
layer and all that's left to do is pop
it in the freezer overnight so here's
what it looks like the next day what I
love about this base is the fact that
the coconut cream flavor is not
overpowering mixing the cream the milk
and the corn starch help evenly
distribute the
flavors so I hope you found this video
helpful if that's the case please give
it a big thumbs up if you try these
recipes please tag me on Instagram and
let me know which one you like best
don't forget to subscribe share and give
me your feedback and as usual until the
next video have a blessed one