[Music]
hey what's up invaders welcome back in
this video I'll attempt to create a new
habitat for our colony of meat ants but
before we get started check out our
socials or on Instagram Facebook and now
officially on Twitter and snapchat I'm
going to be honest I'm not the greatest
at Twitter or snapchat so I got the boys
Liam and Sam running both of those so if
you'd like to see some behind the scenes
and whatnot be sure to check them out
the links in the description anyway
before I waste any more time let's get
cracking
[Music]
so the reason I got this tank over like
a secondhand tank is because a I kind of
fell a bit more safe with a brand new
tank rather than someone's old one there
could be some faulty silicone or
something like that
so I just felt a bit more safe with this
and also although it was a bit more
expensive
I did pay it all off with whatever I
have to YouTube so it's it's a good
investment because you're just putting
back into the channels the light that
came with the tank makes it look really
nice and there's a key feature within
the tank and hopefully the ants don't
really mind that it's too bright but
I'll try to keep it off as much as
possible so to make this tank even
better than it already is
I'm going to collect some sticks that
will hopefully have kind of a desert II
kind of theme and also some rocks so
that should go nice
in the tank so let's get cut some rocks
and stuff
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so now that I have my materials I'm
going to start adding them to the fish
tank
but the summer is gone
[Music]
[Applause]
but the summer is
[Music]
jeez
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
as you can see I did end up adding in
some truth food which I personally think
looks really good what do you guys think
[Music]
okay so it is now time for some ants but
before we introduce them to their new
habitat we should probably add a barrier
of some kind
[Music]
that's Australia was kind enough to send
through some flan a liquid that when dry
it becomes super slippery for the ants
so that is what we will be using to
hopefully contain this foursome colony
within the tank
[Music]
now that we've finished applying the
floor I'll add the first nest in the
size for ants Australia acrylic nest one
entrance has a test tube with water
while the other is left open
[Music]
[Applause]
then I added in the second nest where
the majority of the colonies house our
plan is to let the coiny move into the
bigger nest this will allow the Colleen
to grow even bigger because at the
moment there was not enough space left
in the nest for all the workers to fit
in I then did the same for the stank-ass
Outworld the wreath the outworlds is so
gross is because every time I went to
clean it the ants would just come
pouring out which was such a big problem
I decided to remove the cotton to let
the colony explore their new home
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
since these girls must be pretty hungry
I fed them some chicken and some honey
here's how things went down
[Music]
[Music]
hey thanks for watching guys I would
actually love to name this new tank but
I can't think of any ideas I'm sure my
awesome subscribers would know so leave
your name suggestion down below and in
the next video about these girls I'll
reveal the name anyway thanks for
watching and take it easy ant invasion
out
[Music]