[Music]
hello folks this is Randy kin Kate for
Kincade country kitchens today our film
is going to be about how to prepare
pickled okra okra was first grown and th
think and cultivated in Ethiopia and
there it was brought on through the
Middle East and up through Spain it came
into Southern United States from from
the Spanish now the southern people
really understand okra they like it but
you can ask many Northern people and
they don't even know what it is at
Kincade country kitchens we like fresh
homegrown produce so I've planted some
okra in my yard one interesting thing
about the okra plant is that it's a
member of the Hibiscus family if you'll
come down and take a look at this plant
of course this plant is a what I call a
junior plant it grows best during the
summertime in the heat heat of the
summer uh in fact that's when you start
getting to get your production this
plant will actually if you let it grow
will get up to over head high but we're
already starting to get okra pods on
here this is the bloom now right here is
the Pod of okra that we're going to pick
now this is an ideal size for pickling
and I take a knife and I cut it just
like that with my knife see the Pod it's
about 2 in long 4 in is the maximum
length on a pod for the best FL flavor
and the tenderness after that they start
getting Woody tasting and and stringing
it's just like hunting Easter eggs in
here they're match in with the plant so
you have to be kind of vigilant on how
you look and find them right there
there's another one right there oh boy
here's one right
here
and then I've got some right over here
you get one or two pods off of each Bush
now as it gets older more pods will come
onto the Bush and you'll get four and
five pods off of a bush as it gets uh
taller oh we're having a good time here
today oh yes takes me back to my old FFA
days when we were farming here's a a
mess right here that's enough for a meal
for one or two people me I can eat all
of that one sitting without any problem
at all let's go inside now and we'll see
about getting prepared to do the
pickling
[Music]