leeks have tough dark green tops that
are too tough to eat even when cooked so
we always remove the tops save the tops
to flavor homemade stock or discard in
your compost cut off the dark green top
just where it begins to turn pale green
remove the root end and discard and
slice in half lengthwise hold the leek
under running water keeping the layers
intact but rinsing all of the grit out
leeks are notorious for kind of being
dirty as they grow and push up through
the sandy soil a lot of that gritty sand
gets trapped between the layers so you
need to wash them thoroughly to cut
leeks into thin or thick slices place
the halves cut side down and slice
across when we're slicing leeks we
usually wait to wash them until after
we've sliced instead of washing them one
half at a time it ends up being a lot
faster especially if you have a lot of
leeks to do to wash sliced leeks place
them in a strainer set in a bowl of cold
water swish the leeks around to rinse
them and then lift the strainer out
leaving the grip behind