[Music]
hello I'm Kenneth D king four threads
magazine yes there is a proper way to
sew on a button I'm amazed at how many
people really don't know this so we're
going to show you first off threading
your needle this is an easy way I found
to thread your needle and get more
thread in your buttons with less
stitches you're going to put both ends
after you trim them off thread both ends
through the eye
you're gonna bring it down so you have a
loop and a tail
next catch your fabric where you want to
place your button put the needle through
the loop so you don't have to have a
knot and stitch one more time then you
can trim your thread ends from here take
a stitch and then the spacer a lot of
people don't know that when you sew a
button that does not have a shank they
don't know that you need to make shank
if you don't have a little bit of space
underneath the button when you button
the garment it's gonna look a little
bunchy so this is how we create our
thread shank by having a little bit of a
spacer and the beauty here with
threading your needle with both ends of
the thread you only have to stitch it
twice maybe three times depending on how
strong you want it on a shirt button
twice on a coat maybe three times
okay now we make the shank move the
spacer wrap the thread around
and secure
trim your thread as you can see you have
your little thread check very properly
sewn on button I'm Kenneth D King four
threads magazine
you