what is up y'all this preacher last
night you are cooking with me - lets go
you are cooking cooking cooking with a
comedian
what's cracking y'all happy summer it is
the summer right now and it's hot real
hot in here that's why I'm making some
hmm
I don't know why sit there like Oprah
but you gonna get some ice cream
you gonna be so nice Kim no but
seriously lotta y'all been screaming
like a mix my friend come on my
friend I was screaming at myself I
should make some ice cream it's like you
scream for ice cream ice cream pies we
all scream for ice cream
it's a great recipe I'm not gonna say
it's easy you know let's just say with
up rocky road go shout it it's your
birthday we gonna party like it's your
birthday there's some good ice cream
it's way healthier it's not healthy but
it's healthier than regular ice cream
because Wrigley ice cream it's bad this
is just not as bad I don't want you
eating my ice cream so let me show you
what you're gonna need to make this
recipe you're gonna need some coconut
flakes a cone some vanilla extract and
dairy free chocolate chips some frozen
bananas some coconut cream and some know
what The Rock is cooking also before I
continue shout out to Beeman Bega
dot-com that's where I got the recipe
appreciate jobs so you gonna take about
three bananas so you gonna freeze them
put in the freezer and you're gonna put
them inside a blender and I just want I
mean a note just seems like a lot that's
not really that bad a lot of people love
moon I don't like bananas like that it
don't taste all banana you okay
it's pretty good it's really good fun
facts I don't reason I know how to spell
bananas it's because of Winston fine
I appreciate you beep it's bananas beep
yeah yeah yeah yeah you should make a
song about the word Fahrenheit because
that weren't us three words in it bear
and Heights and you put it together for
some reason that behind your spell its
stomach it's dumb
only take these now
[Music]
stick to the side shake it up a little
bit shake it out then you gonna take
this coconut cream coconut cream you'll
take a can of that dump that in there
right you don't want all that water so
excess water right there
you don't need it you just want most of
the cream so next we gonna take 1/2 a
teaspoon of vanilla extract I went to
got this from Trader Joe's it's funny
because I was gonna grab the one with
alcohol without they have vans vanilla
extract was bourbon it and you don't
want to get drunk out in the light
spring doesn't become a kind of weird
oh I'm not drunk okay you ain't even my
real dog for our lick this is for you
check all the fallen homies take 1/2
teaspoon pour in there and bam I'll -
its take 1/2 a tablespoon of maple syrup
but we gonna do a whole tablespoon we
turn the nut
you blade it up
Hey
shouldn't take that long
looks real look at this crazy stuff look
at that clean me stuff alright then what
to do next
you gonna take you some coconut flakes
[Music]
for the coconut flakes in there oh snap
for you my MA it's nothing that's fine
just cheeky some chocolate chips pour
that in there as well I love chocolate
chips flip them up you know I'm saying
do you know do you know them so you take
this you're not gonna blend it because
you don't want to chop up the chocolate
chips and that you don't wanna do it
anymore see what you're gonna do eat
some post a few times and just mix it
yeah boosted Bob let's go look at it
it's not you gonna be it that all mixed
in I'll mix it and if you need to just
get you a knife get around the side
there you go it goes the ice cream it's
gonna do next you gonna pour it inside a
bowl right port inside a bowl oh you
don't want that in there you know me
stop stop bleeding like uh-huh my child
I don't know why there you go put it
right there there you gonna take the top
top on top on top and this is parts a
little tricky what you want to do is you
want to make sure you get a top that
doesn't fit you know I mean they can't
can't fit or it's not notice what I got
wrong I don't know where the top of this
for this so you're gonna take this tin
foil are you gonna put off stop you're
gonna put in the freezer for about six
hours
all right let's do it it looks like it's
been six hours not really freed me
let's roll baby so
do you gotta wait my 15 minutes and get
you a scoop I don't wait this a minute
by the way put it in the cone right
right I'm gonna do a double double cone
I'm showing out there you go you guys
let's tell me let's get to the back
[Music]
there we go that's it for this episode
of cooking with a comedian I hope y'all
enjoy and let me know what you liked
about it let me know what you did
differently tag us in the pictures
hashtag cooking with a comedian take the
boy Tyler behind the camera
tacky boy preacher loves and follow us
on Instagram Twitter Facebook snapchat
all that you are cooking cooking cooking
with a comedian