[Music]
hi I'm Beth with another monger minute
today I'd like to introduce you to
bloomy rind cheese's we'll talk about
what they are how to buy them and how to
enjoy them we use the term bloomy rind
because the microbial cultures actually
bloom on the surface of these cheese's
as they age forming this beautiful white
downy surface you probably know brie and
it's cousin camembert or perhaps an
Italian robiola but there are thousands
of different bloomy rind cheese's in all
shapes and sizes and they can be made
with all different milk types some of
the best in the world are made right
here in the United States let's look at
some examples this little jewel is
called ADA's honor it's a goat cheese
from ruggles Hill Creamery in
Massachusetts now if we cut it open
you'll see that the cheese is just
starting to develop what's called a
cream line right here under the rind
these cheese's age from the outside in
so the exterior starts to get really
gooey and delicious and the core is
still firm almost a little bit chalky
this cheese because it's made with
goat's milk has some tangy citrusy
flavors that will mellow as the cheese
ages now here's another bloomy rind this
one's a little bit more mature it's
called harbison and it's made by Jasper
Hill sellers in Vermont this one's much
softer it's wrapped in a band of spruce
bark which makes it a little bit more
interesting looking and also gives it
some interesting flavors the best way to
serve a cheese like this one is just to
go ahead and cut the top right off but
don't throw that away you can eat that
that's the chef's snack and then to
spoon the inside out you can see how
gooey this one is spread it on some
crusty bread and you're in business this
last cheese is a classic example of a
French free and maybe one that's not so
great the rind is pretty firm it feels a
little bit rubbery the interior is
uniform and the exterior is very flat
you want a more interesting cheese like
this one with some wrinkles on the top
and a little more character the rind is
less appetizing on something like this
as for serving and eating these cheese's
you'll want to drink something with
bubbles to cut through the rich
creaminess of the cheese so something
like champagne and camembert is a
classic a new world take on this might
be a little goat cheese like a dishonor
with a sparkling hard cider blew me
ryans love dried fruits especially tart
berries and really good crusty breads
this is just a little introduction to
these gorgeous cheeses so the next time
you're in a cheese shop or a restaurant
ask your server for their favorite
bloomy rind cheese you may discover
something new and undoubtedly something
delicious bon fromage
you