hey guys women took easier today and in
addition to your own my American Girl
stuff on this channel I I've decided to
do some dance stuff so yeah I go back
from Capezio and I got new ballet
slippers yay
I wish I was getting pointe shoes but
you know not there yet so hopefully I
will be soon but you know no anyway so I
got new ones my old ones is my old ones
so they're really like ripped up in her
thing we dancing I danced at a church
that's where I take lessons it's a long
story why but anyway so yeah they can
only give us a room with carpet because
the gym and fellowship halls already go
me too like flat surfaced rooms like
tile type things like you know like a
gym room but they have other classes
going on in there they have tap and jazz
going on in those rooms so um yeah we I
really they can't the belly should be
done on like floor like that type thing
that's where it used to be but then um
they start with new tap and jazz classes
this year and so we got moved to a
carpeted room which yeah not the best
but I mean they tap in jazz classes are
really big and my ballet classes fairly
small so yeah they kind of need the big
rooms anyway yeah so that's kind of like
a long story short ish anyway so they
get really ripped up kind of easily and
I have carpet in my house Delius I don't
have it as the kitchen and kitchen
really isn't the best place for me to be
dancing around and everything so yeah
there's you
that issue but also so these are my old
she was as you can tell
yeah I'll compare them to my new ones
and or anything later and I'll show you
what they look like on me the difference
yeah whenever so yeah these very loved
very loved
so yeah they were split soul they kind
of sting like this used to be like yeah
they used to be very or pink and grey
everybody but they were that was one so
yeah let's all their canvas um you know
soft inside obviously I actually had to
duct tape them because they started
ripping I only had bright purple duct
tape so it's kind of hard to see on
camera okay yeah
it looks more like a blue on camera but
it's really like that dark but not like
well I don't really know how to explain
that type of purple but like bright
purple duct tape like not neon but not
super dark either like so these are my
old shoes they have the you know these
were already sewn I don't see my new
ones but the elastic like that so those
are my old ones
these my new ones sorry this video
probably isn't that interesting but yeah
first dance video okay so they have
stitching like this they are leather
split soul they have stitching you know
kind of like this and there's like a big
line of crunched up fabric sewn together
inside and then there's kind of like a
ball there but surprisingly it doesn't
bother me as much as I so you don't
really feel it when I'm dancing her and
I put him on and see if there's like
that
so it's really surprising that those
weren't Capezio and these are from
Capezio tip kind of obvious these are
anyway so one of the things I don't like
is see how it's like stitched around
here it's just glued here so I don't
except for that little area so I don't
really know what to do about that it
asked my teacher what to do about that
if that comes off which you're probably
well on Tuesday when I see her I take
classes on Tuesdays so yeah there's that
issue the inside no regular drawstring
like their elastics um these are eight
wide and they come in a box like this
yeah so just a regular cookies a box for
that all right yeah so the inside kind
of looks kind of dark but it's like that
just kind of like a traditional shoe
yeah yeah I'll show you what they look
like on me and stuff
these were ten I think I don't think
they were a wide but um yeah these were
ten I don't remember like um what they
were like what brand they were or
whatever just kind of says that in there
like those other ones sorry
just just says that in there that's kind
of hard to see it's just like yeah this
one say what those were but these are
like the the leather I think it was yeah
oh yes I'll try one for you old ones you
can see they're really ripped up and
everything dirty and I but yes so you
could fit like there's a lot of room
here so they liked in class that would
keep falling down I'm like oh great but
it really couldn't really afford it the
time to get new ones so yeah a lot of us
is a long story but still uh yeah being
same thing at the other side a lot of
room for like two fingers so yeah really
right for me and I tried the new leather
not once I got the same ones I tried
these same ones
I'm in a different size but they
generally fit right either so I just
went with the leather because my teacher
prefers that anyway so yeah no splits
old I explained all that so yeah this is
what they look on me look like on me so
yeah I mean it's they're really big I
mean yeah so and I'll show you the new
ones um yeah like this on me they're
much better fit
Dejan you know you can fit one finger
back there but it's like a tight fit
just enough so that you know you can
pull it on and I'm stone you can you
like pull the drawstring tie or whatever
so they're slightly tight but yeah
Capezio said that they will um like you
know stretch out since they're leather
and this brand and everything so yeah
the UM yeah they're really good though I
like these a lot better than my old ones
so yeah I can really feel the floor cuz
they it touches like the end of my toe
and it's not like the other ones were
always like really big so it's like yeah
really good I really like them they fit
nice so yeah these are my new ones yeah
so thank you guys so much for watching
I'm sorry
I might was really boring home first
dance video I didn't really know much
about what to say so yeah thanks