we're just now coming into the the
warmer summer months and this country is
known for a little fly they've got it's
kind of an app that they go Buffalo man
and that Buffalo Mac gets on the inside
of the horses ears under the throat
latch up under their undercarriage and
it just drives them nuts their blood
sucking and they're very painful and so
these horses are constantly traveling
and I don't like using fly sprays
because of the synthetic base that
poison that they've got in them so I've
decided to start marketing a essential
oil based fly spray if you will and it's
good for all the animals not just
abortions but and it's also safe for us
as we put it on and essential oils are
just the pure oil extracted out of the
plant nor certain plants that the
insects don't like to be around among
those or clothes and eucalyptus sits and
mail and so on and so we put those all
together and put it and put them in a
base that we can just spray right on
these animals
and we're safe for us play for the
animal and I think that's way better way
to go about it and way to approach
insect control