[Music]
I think a fantastic Sunday roast is the
cornerstone of home cooking is what the
rest of the week meals are built around
and I absolutely love it
that doesn't mean it can't be improved
to make the most out of my roast my main
course is the delicious stuff roast rib
of beef
complete with tangy horseradish
Yorkshire puddings but first I'm
enlisting the help of my eldest Vicky
old Megan to reinvent one of my all-time
favorite classic desserts Eton Mess
bob-whites is a mess what's the one
thing you love about use a mess I love
the meringues now this is a Eton Mess
with a twist
what's the twist in it compared to the
normal one we're gonna freeze it so it's
almost like a sort of Eton Mess bomb now
I'd like you to whisk the cream please
half the strawberries are gonna go
through the mix and half of strawberries
are gonna be turning to coulis
strawberries in first a little dusting
of icing sugar into the pan and now the
icing sugar will withdraw the sweetness
from the strawberries and start
caramelizing so let me show you a nice
quick way of whisking secret whiskey is
like 10 seconds on 10 seconds off that
way your arms don't get tired now let's
take the cream to a 3/4 stage so we
leave some sort of texture in the cream
that's what we call 3/4 wit when you've
got a nice soft peak they're caramelized
we've put a little touch of water in
there that'll help break down the sugar
and turn that into a really nice sub a
liquid now to get it really nice and
fine and the blender on mumble it's okay
that's fine I want you to use the back
of the spoon and push that through the
sieve okay now that way you don't get
those scenes smell so they're love it's
love yes this is the exciting part okay
Oh marriage negative vice now them right
where your fingers is crush and flake
them right into the cream how big should
i crush it daddles good yeah nice big
chunks lovely okay to make this is even
easier
I often cheat by using good quality shop
bought meringues little taste let's just
cream em ray mmm Wow said a little tasty
okay strawberries in next a cup of
spoons of the cooling now look at that
now to prepare the mold to transform the
traditional Eton Mess into a frozen bomb
form a triple layer of cling film
adding water to the bowl will help a pin
film stick as I pour that anyway to
spread it down the bottom and push it
down you hear that crunch yeah right now
it's the fold the symptom over put that
in the freezer please make young please
in the freezer she goes dessert done now
for our main course with a twist
that is the ribeye we've had spat in the
fridge not wrapped so it's sort of
almost aired rice and it intensifies the
flavor roast so much quicker and there's
less water in the beef for me the only
downside of perfect roast dinner is the
fight about who washes up afterwards so
Megan I are going to avoid that by
cooking everything in one roasting tin
starting with a spinach and mushroom
stuffing so it's all type of things good
girl
some of your left shoulder from their
solar thank you and with the garlic and
the mushrooms toss the panty push down
and pull back down and push back off you
go take your time
push it down don't flip back good that's
it push down nice trip that was lovely
and again nice of them well then well
then right we are sort of making it well
don't touch your butter in the middle
now we just start putting this village
in the middle piece so you can push that
down suppose just cold you're not gonna
burn yourself be confident in the pan
toss it and you'll see it wilting and
disintegrating away who would've thought
all that Spanish could fit in this pan
because there's a very delicate leaf it
sort of cooks so quickly put this all on
your board now and then I just want you
to give a nice chop then when you're
confident with one hand need to pick up
the other knife go ahead chop it nicely
yes now outside and come in gently
where's that lemon thyme lemon thyme is
fact so you get your little time stalks
and you pull down you sort of strip
lemon thyme in now targum note ice
brilliant with the beef fantastic with
chicken and fish roughly chop the target
and I sprinkling of fresh breadcrumbs so
the breadcrumbs almost sort of bring the
stuffing together mm-hmm
next we're gonna get an egg yolk now
with a beef this is exciting car slice
with the boat and then come inside and
go two-thirds of the way down
all that open phonetic salt and pepper
and then look we pack our stuff in there
this amazing it's incredible now just
gently hold that there like that okay
yeah I'll see you tomorrow
what tying string around the rib will
keep it all together during roasting not
too tight if you're tight too tightly
what happens yes nothing will come out
that's right that's ready for roasting
but I'm gonna protect it and fit it on a
trivet so trivet basically it's almost
like a sort of little a little better
that's right if you want to enjoy these
delicious roast vegetables at their best
make sure you remove them from the hot
oven after 35 minutes and reheat before
serving with your beef now a little mix
for the top a couple of teaspoons of
mustard powder in salt couple
tablespoons of olive oil mix that in and
a pour my mustard powder over the beef
so this forms a really nice glaze my one
pot roast dinner goes into a hot oven 15
minutes at 230 degrees then down to 170
degrees for another two hours beautiful
fried delicious twist on traditional
Yorkshire puts on the lace mine with
fresh horseradish
start with plain white flour in a bowl
and cracking the eggs adding only half
of your milk at this stage makes it much
easier to whisk all the lumps out and if
like me you like your puddings a little
lighter and crispier add a dribble of
cold water and add salt to season when
you're happy your batter is lump free
whisk in the remaining milk peel and
grate horseradish and add a handful to
the mix we can leave the batter to rest
while we get the meat from the oven but
beautiful and this is where you really
need to let it rest I like to rest the
moon for at least 20 minutes it's just
the right amount of time for us to whack
up the oven and to get our Yorkshire
puddings in I love using the rich
dripping but baseball is a healthier
option to get the fluffiest you're sure
your tray and fat must be piping hot for
best results take your jug of batter to
the oven and pour the mixture in there
it takes just 15 minutes for our
Yorkshire puts to puff themselves up and
turn a delicious golden brown with the
Yorkshire puddings on the way and the
beef rested we can finish off the Eton
Mess bomb sit that on to your plate now
the finishing touches a drizzle of the
remaining strawberry coulis to there
pour this over an amazing flavour and
some grated mint chocolate and that is a
nice twist on a classic Eton Mess a
delicious Eton Mess bomb beautiful let's
go
please don't drop that neck please it's
not around as much
dessert sorted and the beef is ready to
serve up lift that up place that onto
the board pass this yes you can see why
we kept them in half they've got all
that flavor one beautiful big slice for
Betty fun for me and then the sign it's
stopping
there's nothing fitness to die for no
fantastic nauseous amazing only
beautiful that's for you my dying roast
beef
we're twist Wow these are my ultimate
classic with a twist
juicy river beef with horseradish spike
Yorkshire puts and scrummy Eton Mess
bomb top with strawberry coulis and mint
chocolate with the younger kids out of
friends it's down to just me Tana and
Megan to get stuck in that is a real I
fit for a king it's cooked deeply thank
you thank you explain the mumbles in the
stuffing please the stuffing has
mushrooms lemon thyme tarragon and
spinach favorite part I really enjoyed
doing the stuffing it's hard as it looks
Bon Appetit every next time my ultimate
French food is the cuisine that
kick-started my career it's the smell of
those grilled walnuts that is beautiful
I now reveal the secret to French
classics guaranteed to beguile your
whole family
[Music]