okay so next up on the list is VI that's
created from the guitar itself now
you're going to notice that I have a
whammy bar I have a locked tremolo
system uh as most of my guitars do
although I have many other guitars that
don't and so if you don't have a a
whammy bar this is not for you um but if
you do check this out one thing that I
can do that I really like to do is use
my Wy bar
as my as my vbr and the reason is is
because again it it's really comfortable
to make it quite erratic because I can
make it really
low and I can change things
up okay so what I'm doing right there
what you'll notice is I'm pumping I'm
pushing it in and then letting it go
[Music]
and I can choose different speeds kind
of a a regular erratic that I can do
this
at the other thing I like to do with the
vbr is I'll grab onto the the um the
whammy bar and I'll kind of move it back
and forth instead of just dropping it
and letting it go I'll keep it a bit
more
smooth like that only keep it a little
less a little less um a little more
subtle I should say
so there's a nice small little motion of
[Music]
rbr but then maybe I go into those dips
those
drops see so the nice thing about the
whammy bar ver BR that you're using is
that it doesn't matter what string
you're on if I'm on the first string I
don't have that issue of pulling versus
pushing the ver
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so I can decide how wide I want
that I can also in this case because I
have what's called a floating tremolo I
can make my my veratos go
[Music]
upward you see so again not for
everybody but it's kind of a neat sound
right I don't have to put the whammy bar
back here and push down I can put it
right here and pull up and get the
same okay so another thing I can do is I
can kind of make a circular
ver like kind of rolling it back and
forth now again it doesn't need to be
that wide I can make it nice and
small but there what I'm doing is I'm
pushing down a little bit and then I'm
pulling up just a little bit
and again the most important thing with
this whammy barar BR is that you have to
figure out what feels and sounds most
comfortable to you you know don't
just don't just settle for that I mean
it's certainly a great effect and you
can use that but
learn like right there it's a very
subtle
sound and I can change up the ver that's
what I really like about the wami bar
ver is sometimes it can be very slow and
subtle and sometimes it can be more
[Music]
fast again you'll notice I'm using a
little bit of Dipping down and a little
bit of pulling
[Music]
up now some people like their whammy
bars to be really tight you'll notice
when I Let Go my whammy bar it drops
back down and gets out of my way uh
that's the way I've always had my my
whammy bar set up but you can tighten
them up so it stays right here so as
you're playing you can always just grab
it and use it if you want to um and
again that's a personal preference but
the goal is to be able to make
vbr
with with that ver or whammy ball
[Music]
see really nice effect really
comfortable um and again I I I don't use
it as a substitution so much um as it
just it's another effect that I use in
my arsenal of different kinds of fanos
that I use um so if you do have a whammy
bar go ahead and explore that a little
bit now this one that I'm going to
explain to you but I really won't be
able to show you very well because I'm
absolutely terrified of this
ver um you might have more guts than I
do um Jakey Lee from Azie was a guy that
just was able to just kill this kind of
kind of thing but what he would do is he
would play