how's it going everyone I hope you're
having a sweet week it's official the
crew on patreon have spoken and today
we're making the wash for Buccaneer
Bob's rum
welcome to still everyone I'm Jesse and
this is the channel all about chasing
the craft of home distillation and
making it a legitimate hobby so if
you're into home distilling home
distilling recipes and anything home
distilling this might just be the
channel for you check it out and hit the
subscribe button down below if it is
it's true it's official patreon has
spoken and we're making Buccaneer Bob's
rum I've got the molasses and I am good
to go I have been really looking forward
to making rum for a long time now it
just seems so I don't know kind of like
magical I guess there's something a
little intangible about the way it
tastes the way it smells
and the method of making it as well so I
cannot wait to get stuck into this one
little bit of housekeeping before we get
stuck in make sure you check out the
link for Buccaneer Bob's recipe down in
the description he has a downloadable
PDF that you can follow along with which
is actually written really well so big
props to you men I will be following the
recipe pretty closely but I'm going to
deviate on a couple of main areas but I
will stick a notification up on the
screen when I deviate from that original
recipe if you notice that I've done
something different and you know what it
is that I've done different feel free to
stick a comment in the comments below so
everyone else knows as well anyway onto
it the original recipe calls for a
couple of litres of infected d√ºndar now
I don't have that because I haven't been
making rum at all yet but what I do have
is this that looks pretty funky I know
but what it is is the last little bit
that's left over of the birdwatchers
wash which hasn't been stripped yet
simply because you know it wasn't enough
to put another stripping run on for it
so it's been sitting around for a little
while now while I've been getting my
still sorted out for the reflux and it's
gone a bit funky let's stop floating on
top to me it looks like it has 14
and the smell is kind of cheesy and
mommy almost almost like a cross between
kind of cheddar and sesame seed oil so I
feel like I'm going to use some of that
as the Thunder maybe I'm crazy I guess
we'll find out like I said before guys
this fermenter had some funky stuff in
it before that old wash from the
birdwatchers
so while I do agree with the idea of
being less staunch about sort of
sanitation everything for distilling
compared to brewing I am going to clean
the bejesus out of this thing with some
oxy clean and be manjet amongst our sin
as well I'm almost out of this stuff
almost out of it but I promise you this
stuff is awesome whenever your sanitizer
for fermenting and if you are interested
in getting some I'll leave a link down
below for the Amazon store of course I
am going to drain the two liters of star
sin out of this fermenter but remember
guys don't fear the foam you don't have
to get all the foam out and you don't
have to rinse anyway now that that is
sorted I can put the molasses into this
bucket and start throwing things into
the pot to boil so here's the deal guys
I am going to be using blackstrap
molasses for this recipe just like the
original Buccaneer Bob's recipe I am
however going to be using a little bit
more I'm gonna be using five kilograms
of black strip simply because that is
the size container that I could buy it
in now it's worth noting that I'm using
more molasses now because we're gonna
have to adjust for that later on
but right now I really want to tell you
guys if you haven't used the stuff
before it is an absolute dog to work
with it's super sticky and it does not
dissolve easily at all my plan was to
get what I could out of the bottle of
the jar with the ladle as you see right
now but then basically put that aside
and wait until I've got to the hot
mixture out of the boiling pot and use
that to get the rest of the molasses out
of the container so I cover the
container up put it aside but of course
I couldn't resist having a little taste
and actually isn't that bad
next up we need to boil a few things up
in the pots and I'm gonna be using my
trusty induction cooker first up is two
leaders of the live dunder second is one
liter of yeast troub or 200 grams of dry
yeast I'm using a little of the angel
yeast and some of the yeast troub there
came a cross with the supposin life than
the last of all add 1 to 3 litres of
fresh water keep stirring it as it's
warming up towards a boil just to make
sure that nothing is sticking to the
bottom of the pot and scorching well the
pot is getting up to temperature and
getting ready to boil what I want to do
is think about hydrating my yeast this
is another thing that I'm changing from
Buccaneer Bob's original recipe and
today I will be using safe fail be2 five
six Polly it's that guy there so I guess
you're probably wondering why I'm going
to use this and to be honest because a
friend gave it to me thank you dude and
number two it's kind of perfect for a
rum actually as suggested by my buddy it
has no problem dealing to relatively
high ABV and is also going to kick out I
hope a fair bit of sort of funky esters
especially along the banana and clove
sour things which I think could be kind
of cool for a rum right this is a ale
yeast as a specialty beer yeast I guess
you would call it and because of that
and because I want to just sort of
experiment I am going to treat this
yeast like I would if I was brewing beer
so that means fermenting at a lower
temperature and probably fermenting a
little bit longer and slower as well
I've also got two packets of yeast and
to be honest if I was brewing beer at
this gravity probably need a little bit
more or I probably use a little bit more
I guess but I'm happy to stress the
yeast out in this case a little bit just
keep in mind this is probably a whole
lot less yeast then you tend to see for
most distilling recipes I have some
water which is at a touch under 25
degrees so that's cool and I'm just
going to pop the yeast right into the
air
once again this differs from Buccaneer
Bob's recipe quite a bit but I've used
this method for rehydrating yeast for
beer for a long time and I'm really
happy with it just to note though guys
this is rehydrating it is not a starter
so there's literally just water in here
there's no sugar and I'm not trying to
grow more yeast I'm just trying to shock
them a little less when I throw them
into that whit later on I'm gonna let
this chill while I'm sorting everything
else I got over there I'm gonna have a
good half an hour 45 minutes and here
and then we'll be ready to pitch let's
get back to that pot so Buccaneer the
bulbs recipe says to just bring this to
the boil and then let it stop but
because I have a fair bit alcohol in
here about I don't know I can't even
remember now but about 10% I think I'm
gonna let this boil and simmer away just
sort of gently for a little while just
to get that out there I don't really
need it that I really want it and also
to make sure that I get this up to a
good temperature to make sure everything
in here is dead I am totally not ready
for live bug fins so now that that
mixture has been boiling for a while I
can use it to help melt the rest of the
molasses in the bottom of the container
I don't waste that there's no point
throwing it out so I may as well get all
of it into my fermenter Eddas rinsed and
repeated this two or three times until
the container was pretty much spotless
just remember guys that this really hot
liquid don't burn yourself obviously as
soon as you're done with that you can
gut the rest of the hot liquid into your
fermenter to assist in dissolving the
molasses just the side note though guys
if you drop anything into the bucket
forget it it's gone you may as well have
dropped it in a freaking tar pit an all
seriousness though it will start to
dissolve keep stirring and scoop off the
bottom to see if this sludge sitting
there to see if it's dissolving you may
want to add a little bit of more water I
was trying to do it with as little as
possible
see what from here on in it's a game of
topping up with either hot or cold water
to reach the right volume and the right
temperature to pitch the yeast of course
you want to keep stirring as often as
you can especially where you can still
reach the bottom of the fermenter with
whatever tool it is you are using to sue
with also keep in mind team that it's
probably not a bad idea to start
thinking about getting as much oxygen
into this mixture as you can now even
though we're gonna give it a really good
mix before we touch our yeast as well so
now we have the second hand yeast the
yeast cake that are true whatever you
want to call it the molasses and of
course our live dunder which I will be
updating in the future plus most of our
water all mixed in here and ready to go
I do however have to add the lemon I'm
gonna add three lemons in there you guys
don't have to watch me do all of these
trust me and I will give it another
really good stir before I pitch the
yeast it's probably also worth noting
that especially with molasses I'm a
little bit worried about the amount of
headspace I've got left here I might end
up with a black fermentation fridge
another key difference between what I'm
doing and the original recipe is that
Buccaneer Bob suggests to aerate the
word or the mesh after you pitch the
yeast personally I don't like to do that
so I'm going to give it a really good
stir there and then I will gently drop
the yeast and afterwards pop the lid on
and get this bad boy in the fermentation
fridge so as I hope you can see the
yeast is all froth up now which means
it's nice and vibrant we know it's live
and I can pitch that straight in here
you do not I promise you you don't need
to thoroughly mix the yeast and
especially if you hydrate it like this
that will mix and and personally I like
to be nice and gentle on the yeast do as
you wish
and just a little bit of water to get
some more of that goodness out of the
jar now I could put any a lock on this
but I'm guessing it's going to take off
pretty quickly so I'm just going to
leave it be and I'm gonna let the
positive pressure take care of it it
will be in the sealed fridge as well so
I'm fairly confident there won't be any
bugs getting in there and at the end of
the day if they do I guess they do it's
probably worth noting right now team
that with a molasses wash you're
hydrometers somewhat useful especially
there's a whole lot of fun for mental
sugars and other things kicking around
in the sky so your hydrometer is
basically it's gonna lie to you so you
really can't do I guess a one-to-one
conversion from sugar to molasses it
just doesn't work that way but like I
said at the beginning of the video I
have used more molasses than Buccaneer
Bob's recipe just because I bought a
five liter container and I figured it
may as well use it now I'm guessing that
right now this is about an eight percent
wash and I am happy to push that a
little higher as Buccaneer Bob's recipe
suggests by adding sugar later on after
the yeast have sort of already done some
work on this the original recipe just
says to add the sugar in here and stir
it until it dissolves what I'm going to
do is make a syrup out of this one kilo
of raw sugar once again a little
different from the original recipe out
of the least possible water so probably
1 liter of water and then I'll be able
to add the syrup back into here with
minimal stirring over the next week just
to let you know team and an effort to
get this video out on time I'm not going
to be able to show you the editions of
the sugar at least I very much doubt it
but I will be putting updates of these
additions up on on patreon for the
patreon store check out all right team
let's get this thing into the
fermentation chamber and I can get a bid
so there you have a team my very first
rum
super happy with it it smells great but
I would love to hear your comments let
me know what you think and let me know
what you think I should be doing in the
future anyway guys I hope you liked the
video if you liked it make sure you hit
the like button if you really liked it
and you're not subscribed yet make sure
you hit the subscribe button and I'll
catch you guys next time see ya
you