today we are going to cover all things
ston because I've been getting so many
questions about Brands bottles stuff
that I use to make my sauce spicy and
juicy and dark and Luscious and extra
delicious before we get started I just
want to say thank you to everyone that
has submitted questions on YouTube
Instagram Facebook wherever it does help
me understand what it is that you guys
need for future videos I am going to try
to be better about filming the sauces as
I'm cooking since that seems to be
really helpful for you guys first thing
is first you are going to need a mortar
and pesel to make papaya salad and La
this is called a Coke and this is called
a sack use this to crush and grind
things up so you toss in whatever you
need to crush up in here and then you g
p down on it until you reach your
desired consistency an essential tool to
making papaya salad and Loud cooking now
I keep all of my Thum coing ingredients
in this airtight container because you
know I'm not going to lie it does does
smell it seems to help control that a
little bit my pantry is pretty cool so I
store it away in there so I'm just going
to go in order with how I make my papaya
salad this is just my preference and how
I like it most people start with garlic
I don't I don't like the taste of raw
garlic so I go right in for the chilies
of course we have fresh tied chilies and
roasted dry chilies one of my secrets to
making it look extra peppery and dark so
definitely try a combination of the two
next thing I go in with is shrimp paste
and the brand that I use is by NFA it's
a red container this is what it looks
like inside I also use a light purple
one which I'm not always able to find at
all Asian grocery stores but I will go
ahead and insert a photo so that you
guys know what it looks like next we're
going to cover crab paste I have been
using the papaya salad seasoning sauce
for a really long time and it wasn't
until recently probably over the summer
or so that um I there's an instagrammer
that I follow her name is Eva Brun she
is my papaya salad soul sister always
cooking and thumbing up the most
delicious things so you guys should
definitely check her out on Instagram
she is always raing about the crab
extract this is what it looks like
inside both of them are black don't be
afraid so this is what actually gives it
that dark brown
color so then the next item that I go in
with is palm sugar you can use white
sugar but I've been into palm sugar
lately I feel like the taste is a little
milder it has the consistency of honey
this is what it looks like
inside um next item is The Tamarind
concentrate this is what it looks like
inside it is tart with a little bit of
sweetness but it's very good in papaya
salad because the flavors that you're
trying to achieve in there are a balance
of like sweet sour spicy definitely and
like salty I don't like anything overly
sour just enough to kind of and give you
that punch but not tooo much next thing
are tomatoes now I am a tomato snab when
it comes to papaya salad I think the
best tomatoes for it are cherry tomatoes
they're these round plump juicy little
things these tomatoes are what is going
to make your sauce extra Saucy and juicy
and just luscious I love the flavor on
them because they're not sour they're
not sweet they're just the right balance
I've tried almost every single tomato
out there to make papaya salad and I
always go back to the cherry tomatoes
they're my absolute favorite favorite I
can't always find these at the American
grocery stores but the Asian grocery
stores usually always carry them so O
next fish sauce these are the two brands
that I love and I've been keeping in my
pantry The Golden Boy one is a newer
item that I've used within the last year
or so three crabs I think this is a
classic a lot of people use this there
is another brand out there that kind of
looks like the three crabs but it has
two crabs and a shrimp so make sure that
when you are picking this up there are
pictures of the three crabs and it says
three crabs on it and I love these two
because this one I feel is great for
cooking so like curries stews things
like that it's a really nice like salty
flavor it also has like a stronger
fishier taste the Golden Boy I like in
papaya salad because it's lighter in
taste and it's not so like boom in your
face I feel like if you're using fish
sauce The Golden Boy one can be a little
bit more controlled as far as that like
Umami flavor goes and it's also very
smooth the last item is bak and this is
an essential ingredient that goes into
papaya salad especially La papaya salad
and what this is is like a fermented
preserved fish sauce it's very
concentrated a lot of you have asked me
if I make this and to be quite honest I
if I'm going to make it I'm going to
make it from scratch and I'm going to
make it like the real authentic way and
that's just not something that I want to
make in my house this is definitely
something that would need to be done
outside at least for me I think that
this wind win I am going to start
experimenting with it so you guys might
have a made from scratch Bak video next
year we shall see the last ingredient
that goes in is lime aren't these cute
my aunt sent these to me from California
oh that is it all the brands and bottles
that you need to make yourself a
mouthwatering dish of thumb I hope you
guys get all of these items into your
pantry and until next time see you guys
on Instagram because it's JP tongue of
clock
there