this video is part two of a series I'm
putting together on tree stump removal
if you happen to miss part one I'll put
a link below this video in the
description box and go check that out
first for my mobile viewers
insert the card right here so you can go
check out that video first that way this
will make more sense as we progress as
you can watch those videos in
chronological order thank you alright so
it's been three and a half weeks since I
made the first video showing you how we
are going about deluding our tree stump
here on the property now we're going to
uncover the stump which has been covered
with a plastic garbage bag to keep the
rainwater off of it so some of the holes
still have plenty of salt others could
use a bit of a refill so I'm going to go
ahead and fill those holes back up with
some salt today that's about all I'm
gonna do as far as treating this stump
any further at this point we need to
allow even more time for that Epsom salt
to draw that moisture out of this stump
before we actually try chipping away at
it just using this cheap Epsom salt I
got at the discount store
I'm just going to give it a bit more
moisture just to allow that magnesium
sulfate to further soak into the stump
a little bit more in that hole and
that's it for now
I'm just going to cover it back up and
give it some more time and here's the
other stump that I'm working on
[Applause]
I'm not even attempting to put salt in
there it's like an endless hole now
before I add any more salt into those
open holes there I'm gonna try something
new here I had quite a few comments on
the previous video of folks telling me
that I should have actually used an
auger bit to drill these holes it should
be much easier
it could also drill a larger hole so I
decided to take the advice I went out
and got one of these 3/4 inch auger bits
made for wood also says it can slice
through nails so this bits thicker it's
also a bit longer so let's open this up
and give it a try and I'll be using the
same drill this is a Dewalt 10 amp
hammer drill and last time I was using a
Dewalt 7/16 inch wood drill bit and it
took a bit of muscle going in and out of
the stump to get those holes drilled
still wasn't that bad but if the process
can be streamlined I'm gonna find out
and share with you and I made sure to
buy one with a shaft that was small
enough to fit into this half-inch
opening here this is a 7/16 inch shaft
all right the moment of truth
[Music]
you hear how that just opened up I
really got three that was much easier
much much easier and a bigger hole
[Music]
undoubtably a much easier way to do this
and based on the feedback that this 10m
drill has given me I probably could have
even gone with a bit as large as an inch
without any issues here so once again I
find myself in the position of having
learned something new because of the
wonderful viewers of the channel I do
appreciate all of your comments I read
them all your positive feedback your
constructive criticism is much
appreciated and what I'm able to apply
it and improve upon what it is I'm doing
because of it I think that that's really
cool and that's one of the best things
about being a youtuber so thank you all
very much
let's add some more salt
if you got a little never-ending hole
there well that'll conclude part two
thank you all for watching stay tuned
for part three I'm going to continue to
update you guys on how things develop
here and so with that I hope you're all
having a great weekend and until next
time this is Dan from plant abundance
comm wish you all a great rest of your
evening I'll be talking to you again
soon take care
[Music]