hi everybody welcome back to my channel
today I have a very special guest
joining us this is my metal tree as some
of you know if you've watched my blogs
you know that I have had my eye on a
fiddle tree and I've been hunting for
one for a while and I finally got one
with that all said today's video is
gonna be kind of a collection of all the
things that I have learned about how to
take care of a fiddly fig tree and other
houseplants as well if you are at all
interested and learning some tips and
tricks for keeping your houseplants
healthy and thriving then just keep
watching I'm gonna bring you a little
closer into Prince Philip he is a six
foot tall fiddly fig tree there he is in
his container fiddly fig trees can be
very expensive so when I was on the hunt
for fiddly fig tree I kept going to the
local nurseries around me and they were
all very expensive so I went on offer up
and there was a few different people
that were buying me that had their own
at-home greenhouses that were selling a
bunch of fiddly fig trees so I messaged
a guy I brought Kyle with me we went to
his at-home greenhouse which was
basically this giant jungle where he was
selling all these plants and all of his
fig trees were $45 all of them I got
this six foot tall fiddly fig tree for
$45 so my first tip or a bit of advice
is to look online look on Craigslist
Google Yelp for people's kind of at-home
small little greenhouses because a lot
of the nurseries hike up those prices
since these plants are very trendy
plants right now 45 bucks for a
six-foot-tall fiddly fig tree it's
unheard of people another tip for fiddly
fig trees is that they are very
particular about watering and the kind
of light they're getting so you want to
make sure that you put your Phillip tree
or
honestly most house plants in an area
where they get bright indirect light so
you don't want like that's like shining
in and attacking your fiddle so I keep
him over in this corner here another
thing to keep in mind with Philly fig
trees is that they thrive in the rain
forest so when looking at your own
Prince Philip the fig you need just ask
yourself how do I give you the most rain
forest environment I can but here in an
apartment you want to make sure that
there is some humidity there so from all
the things I've read online adding
humidity as best as you can to your tree
is a great way for your fiddly fig tree
to thrive you don't want to put your
fiddly fig tree by any cold drafts in
your house another thing that you can do
is you can missed your fiddly fig trees
leaves so you don't want to dampen the
soil any more than when you water it but
what you can do is just kind of missed
his leaves and tell him that he's in the
rain forest so just give his leaves a
little mr. Oney and cheese and whisper
to him say you're in the rain forest
Prince Philip don't let anyone tell you
different and he'll do well just a
little casual misting will have your own
fiddle tree feeling like he's in the
rain forest he won't even know the
difference so another way that you can
bring some extra humidity to your tree
is by making a pebble tray or what they
call a humidity tray it's super simple
but I'm going to show you how I'm about
to make the humidity tray for Prince
Philip the fig here okay so to make a
humidity tray or pebble trades you need
a little plastic liner that fits the
container that you're putting it in so
this is a 12 inch liner that fits
perfectly in woven a basket that I have
for Prince Philip and then you're going
to need some pebbles I have two
different size pebbles here I kind of
figured I would mix them so I want to
use some
your pebble is just because this is
going to be such a big one in the whole
idea is that you're going to pour water
in this and your plant is going to sit
on top of the pebbles but not in the
waters um so then when the water
evaporates through the pebbles that
creates humidity for your plants so I'm
going to put his pebble tray in this
basket here I'm going to pour enough
water in here so that all the pebbles
aren't covered just remember you don't
want the plant sitting in water you just
want the plant sitting on top of the
pebbles as you can see the pebbles
aren't totally covered there's just
enough water in there now we'll pick up
Prince Philip we will put him on top of
his pebble tray so another thing I want
to mention is a way to keep their leaves
clean you can just take a damp paper
towel and go ahead and wipe any dust off
their leaves this is also a good way to
keep any kind of bug or insect
infestation off of your fiddle and it's
just a good way to keep your tree
looking shiny and happy and just have
him looking like a true Prince you are
royalty in this house that's for sure
okay so last but not least watering is
one of the biggest factors in keeping a
thoroughly fig tree or any house plant
doing really well the people at the
nursery and everybody online really
totally highly recommends a moisture
meter the key with fiddles is that they
react when they're over watered and they
react when they're under water so you
kind of want to make sure that you are
doing that nice balancing act which is
where a moisture meter comes in handy
okay so when it comes to reading the
moisture meter of your plant you don't
want to put it too far on the outskirts
and you don't want to put it too far to
the root either you kind of want to do
an equidistant from the outer part of
the container to where the root of the
plant is you also don't want to just go
an inch into the soil either and you
don't want to go all the way to the
bottom you kind of want to keep it in
the middle ground so my moist your meter
says right
now that he is at about a five on the
moist scale and you want to water the
fig trees when they are between a three
and a four so it's okay to leave them a
little bit on the drier side before you
water them and it's just a really nice
way of knowing where your plant is
moisture wise and then last but not
least give your fiddle a name and a name
tag so he is officially um Prince Philip
these little fig tree Philip the fiddle
fig here he is and he's a prince
perfect so basically just try to
remember to give your fiddle most
tropical rainforest like environment
that you possibly can so just remember
humidity good in direct sunlight and the
right balance of watering and you should
have a pretty healthy thick so I'm
hoping to give Prince Phillip here a
great home over in the corner by the
window give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it to give this video a
thumbs up if you're just still shocked
that I was even able to get a
six-foot-tall fiddle tree for $45 other
than that prince fiddle and I thank you
so much for watching this video and we
will go ahead and see you guys in the
next one so thank you so much or
watching wait five Prince Prince Philip