hey guys it's Sam so today's video I'm
going to show you how to tie dive with
food coloring very excited about this
tutorial because the items that are used
are really inexpensive and cheap and you
probably have them at home already so
this is really awesome so I just went to
the store to make sure I just bought
everything I needed and also I wanted to
get like a range of what the price was
for the tutorial so I first bought a
shirt this is just a plain white shirt I
got it for $4 at Walmart this is
actually a little boy shirt but it's in
an extra-large and it will definitely
fit me I also got summit distilled white
vinegar
I bought two things I'm not sure how
much I need these are 16 ounces each
I'll probably only use one of them but I
just winded up - just in case the final
item I bought was just food coloring
this one has just the basic colors I
haven't opened it so I don't really know
what colors it has but I'm just assuming
it probably has basic colors this was
only about two dollars I believe and I
do not know the price of the white
vinegar but I'm pretty sure it's pretty
cheap yeah pack of like tide I like
stuff in order to tie-dye like a shirt
or whatever usually costs right around
like $15 and this is way cheaper and you
probably already have the stuff at home
like I said earlier so without further
ado let's just get into the tutorial
additional supplies that you will need
are just like a towel and I got two
water bottles I also have a pushpin I'll
explain why in a second and I also have
this giant soup pot thing so yeah step
is you want to decide how you want to
tie down your shirt so you can either
just do a regular twist design there's
other ways to do it just google it or
Pinterest it or something like that so
you definitely know so basically what I
did is I just took 16 ounces of white
vinegar and I filled it up in this pie
it was able to all fit and I put
refilled like the bottle it was in and I
put some water in it so half water half
white vinegar and now you're going to
just take your t-shirt and it soak it in
there honestly it is totally like I have
a muffin here so you probably could use
less than at 16 ounces of it I just
wanted to be safe than sorry
it's just so much easier to pour the
whole thing in there like the smell of
vinegar that's definitely not a good
idea for you to do so you want to wring
this shirt out next so basically now
that the shirt is out of the water and
wrung out I'm just going to take it and
swirl it like a rose you can do this in
a bunch of different patterns this is
just the traditional way to tie-dye you
can also start from this corner or this
corner or you really can start from
wherever but I'm basically starting from
the middle so you're going to just swirl
it like so this might take a few tries
but it doesn't have to be perfect
remember that then it's all basically
together like this I'm just going to
take a hair dye it's probably way better
if you use rubber bands sorry I just
have some of my hand
you know why not it looks way better if
you use rubber bands actually it doesn't
I don't know if it makes the difference
we'll see but yeah basically I just have
these two colors this is red this one's
arrived this one's blue and I'm just
going to take these two bottles these
actually happen to be fourth of July
game so that's kind of funny
and I filled them up to about like you
probably can see it so yeah I filled
them up about the same length
I might have to add more water and I'm
just going to poke the tops with a what
is it called thumbtack I'm going to take
the food coloring and add it liberally
just so I have a pretty vibrant color
I'm adding quite a bit just to ensure
that the colors are totally totally
vibrant
[Applause]
so it wouldn't necessarily shake these
but you can just swirl them around type
of thing just see a good view of the
color I just dumped out this ball just
so the colors can fall into it I don't
know if you're allowed to dump white
vinegar so sorry EPA so now I'm just
going to totally squirt all over this
shirt
you
so this works so much better if you have
saran wrap or like you know that
plasticky type wrap stuff sorry about my
dog again but you basically just want to
take the shirt and wrap it in something
along those lines I don't know if it's
going to still turn out our height
you
all right so now you want to let it sit
in an area where it's not going to be
disturbed for eight hours I know that
sounds like a crazy amount of time but
really that is how much it says to do it
for so I will get back to you guys I
said Sam my back I let this bag of like
tie-dying
sit for over eight hours actually it was
much longer than I don't think that's
gonna create like any problems it's
probably the longer you have it in there
the better but the minimum is eight
hours so I'm just taking it out of the
bags I literally put it in my plane for
gym bags so now I just have it be it
like bags at the first day and I'm going
to add some salt to this ice water most
of the ice has melted you don't have to
add like a crazy amount of salt just
enough to where there salt in it and if
you have a long sleeve shirt roll your
sleeves up just because it's gonna get
messy I'm just going to take the shirt
and I am going to put it in the bowl of
cold water I'm just going to basically
wring it out
no this is what these shirt looks like
you have to let it set up and dry what
I've heard is you can just wash it like
normal and wear it like normal but
considering it bled so much you can't
really see the water but this is how
much the water blood the shirt blood
into the water actually and that's kind
of totally significant I would say just
be careful I'm gonna let it dry
overnight so I will talk to you guys in
the morning
hey guys it's Sam so I'm sorry if I'm
talking past my camera is going to die
but basically it has been at 24 hours
since I let the shirt dry I did put it
in the dryer just because it was not
drying at all like after like 12 hours
is still really wet so I put it in the
dryer this is the end result of it after
it's all dry and stuff the colors are a
little bit faded just FYI
umm the colors are going to be I'm not
my idea guys because this isn't like
regular tie-dye it's stuff that you'd
find at home it's not gonna turn out
nearly as well as it would but I
personally think this looks really cool
it looks like an actual like like hippie
shirt so I really really like it also
sorry about my parents it is like 1 a.m.
and as oh my god I need to almost and
TRO it's like an out whatever it's
called anyway sorry about that
um so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video let me know how your guys's
tie-dye works if you try this out do not
forget to tag me on instagram or on
twitter all right they are both down
below so just check them out
alright let me go so much have a great
day bye