to me nothing beats a bowl of hearty
soup to warm me up on a nice winter day
I'm making creamy orzo corn and chicken
soup I'm going to start by making the
broth to cook the chicken a little bit
of butter I'm going to melt it nicely
over medium heat and I need a 1 onion
that I'm going to chop
I need also 2 cloves of garlic that I'm
going to mince so I finly as possible
when the onions and the garlic cloves
are chopped I'm going to add them to the
saucepan
now I'm cooking them for about 2 minutes
what I'm looking for is for the
vegetables to be soft with no color now
I can tell the vegetables are nice and
tender it's time to add some broth I
have some chicken broth
and for an added zing just a touch of
lemon juice and some dried thyme now I
like to use thyme with chicken it's a
perfect match
for the chicken I need about 3/4 of a
pound and I've chosen some chicken
thighs skinless and boneless this is a
cut of chicken that is not expensive and
very tender so I'm going to add them to
the broth when the chicken thighs are in
the broth I'm going to bring it to a
boil reduce the heat and simmer for
about 10 minutes
after 10 minutes the chicken was cooked
I removed it from the broth placed it in
a plate and let it cool because I need
to shred it later on just before I do
that I'm going to take some orzo first
of all the broth needs to be at a
boiling point and I'm going to cook the
orzo in the broth now the orzo since
it's a type of pasta it needs to cook
for about six to eight minutes in the
meantime I'm going to shred the chicken
thighs so just with my hands I'm gonna
make nice small pieces it gives a nice
rustic look to the soup
perfect I have my shredded chicken now
in a bowl I'm going to add some cream
10% cream I have one cup and I'll mix it
with some flour so this obviously will
thicken the soup it's important to whisk
it nicely so there's no lumps now let's
see if the orzo is cooked that's perfect
the best way is to taste it
hmmm just perfect it's nice and al dente
I can add the chicken some corn now I
have some frozen or fresh corn now for
an even more nutritious soup
you can add some sliced carrots and of
course some creep I'm going to stir the
ingredients together adding a touch of
salt and some pepper and the last
ingredient I need to add to the soup is
some fresh dill this will add a nice
refreshing flavor to the soup I need
about 1/4 cup now I'm going to coarsely
chop the dill that's perfect
I'll remove the soup from the heat and
add the dill at the last second to get
the maximum flavor now I think I'll have
to try a bowl of that soup
now this soup looks absolutely delicious
it's also good the next day it'll get
thicker but don't worry you can thin it
out with some more cream now I have to
taste it it's delish it's nice and
creamy and I love the crunch of the corn
Bon Appetit