hey guys welcome back to unbox where
else it's me Mike and you guys may not
believe it but I actually have a real
job and I need a little snack before I
head off to work so I was thinking about
making a grilled cheese sandwich but I'm
super lazy so today I'm going to show
you a product that'll turn this into a
grilled cheese sandwich without using
any dishes so we're talking about
nostalgia grilled cheese sandwich
toaster it's got to toasting baskets
that keep sandwiches in place a
removable drip tray cool touch handles
cancel preheating defrost functions and
an adjustable dial I better hurry I'm
gonna be late to work messing around
with this YouTube it's yellow alright
here's the little trays okay flappity
dude ah is you put the sandwich in there
before you put it in the toaster this
unit has a heating element and during
its first use it may appear to smoke for
a short period of time this will stop
and does not indicate a defect or hazard
it honestly looks just like a regular
toaster these are what make it special
in hot there's that smoke burning off
the newness it had a little bit of
chemical smell to it I don't think you
want that in your sandwich I have some
non buttered bread and some buttered
bread the manual calls out to use butter
bread I'm gonna try one of each to see
what happens also I'm gonna try one
piece of cheese so here's one piece of
cheese no butter on some artesian bread
okay here is the buttered bread I'm
going crazy on this one I'm going to
pieces of cheese on buttered bread
okay now when you push the button they
don't really go down you got to kind of
help them probably depends on the bread
you have this breads pretty thick so it
was ballooning out from the from the
holders a little bit I had to help him
down no big deal now we wait I can't
really see the side so I don't know if
it's done but I can tell the cheese is
melting on top oh it popped the non
buttered one looks a little toasty er it
did get some cheese down on the bottom
of this
that could be fun to clean out first
let's try the non buttered one
tastes like bread and cheese let's try
the buttered one okay that's way better
it's pretty good it tastes like a
grilled cheese sandwich definitely go
with the butter like the manual says but
does this compare to one you make in the
pan huh I don't know I don't think so it
tastes more like toasted bread than
grilled bread but it's still good and
this might be the way to go to make your
kid some snacks if you don't want to
make a big mess I think you can just
pull out this crumb tray too
look at that easy to clean up when it
comes to kitchen gadgets nostalgia is
definitely pushing the envelope what an
interesting design grilled cheese
sandwich toaster so like always I'm
gonna put a link in the first line in
the description so you can get your
hands on one of these I make it easy for
you if you want to see more click one of
these videos right here and don't forget
to subscribe
eat that little bell icon down there so
you can see we open it right here on
unbox warehouse
[Music]
you