what's up guys today I'm here in my
backyard and I'm looking to test my pH
because my grass is not doing that good
and I know the pH is pretty bad I think
it's really low so I'm going to do a
test right now and see how the results
differ between two different pH tests
that you can get online one of the
things I'm going to use to test the pH
is this pH meter that you can just stick
into the ground and one of the probes
here will tell you what the pH level is
and then for the other pH test I'm going
to use this rapid test pH test kit and
see what it tells me and I'm going to do
a comparison and see how they differ all
right so the first one I'm going to do
is the rapid test so let's see what PH
Level it gives me now to do this test
you got to dig about 4 in into your
ground so I'm going to do that right
[Music]
now then you want to get some soil from
here and fill up the bottom part of this
container right here so you can see it
says fill with soil so that's what I'm
going to do right
now and it said try not to touch this
soil
so I'm going to try not to touch it all
right so you can see here I have it
filled to the bottom line with the soil
now the next thing you do is take one of
these capsules open it up and dump it
inside of that chamber so I'm going to
do that
now all right now I got to fill it up to
here with water so I'm going to go do
[Music]
that all right so here's what the pH
level's looking like it looks like it's
between somewhere
around a 5.5 to six and I did add some
lime not too long ago so it did look
like the lime has raised the pH sum I
was down around five so that's a good
sign that it's going up some so here's
the prong meter you can see it's a
moisture meter and it has a pH meter as
well it says it's scientifically
accurate so that's good and no batteries
are required so you got to love that
here's the back of it it says it
measures the pH at a root level it's
scientifically accurate no batteries
required prevents over and underwatering
promotes healthy plants the instructions
are insert probe to root level note the
moisture level and water
accordingly and they also give you a
guide and to also clean the probes after
each use so let's open it up
so there's a little switch here at the
bottom see it's on ph now you can move
it to
light and you can also move it to
moisture and then you can see down here
it'll show you whether it's moist enough
or what your pH levels are the very
bottom one would be your pH indicator so
let's go try it out so I'm here at the
same spot let's see what it says for
moisture readjust it
here we
go now it says the moisture is pretty
good at a
four let's change it to
pH and it says my pH is
pretty good at a
seven so let's try exactly where I was
[Music]
before still says the pH is good
[Music]
still says the pH is good kind of not
sure if I'm trusting this
[Music]
one yep says the pH is really high but I
know it's not
now the pH is coming in at around six to
S between seven and eight and there's no
way that my pH is this High all right so
you can tell that these two tests are
not the same with this one I'm
measuring somewhere between 6 and
6.5 and with this one it's usually
measuring around 7 to eight so I'm going
to say that this one is by far more
accurate because I know my pH isn't that
high
because I haven't added lime or anything
to my grass for 10 years before I did it
the other day
and this is just a little bit better
than what I was showing before I added
the pH cuz I measured it before I added
the lime as well so I'm going to say
this rapid test is more accurate thank
you guys so much for watching I'll have
the links down below to where you can
purchase either one of these pH testers
if you use those links I do get a few
Pennies on the dollar which helps me out
with making these videos so thank you so
much for using those if if you can and
have a great day
[Music]