hello everyone so today I am going to
teach you how to make a yellow plastic
into white color so as you can see this
is the pieces plastic bank that I am
going to make it into white color so
this is the LT remote control you can
see so I have been using this remote for
like ten years now so it has become
yellow color now
so now I am going to make this into
white color this is the product that
have purchased so they are twelve
percent and four to volume so I'm going
to apply this cream onto the yellowish
plastic and keep it in sunlight for like
five to eight hours
so do I play this solution I'm going to
use a paintbrush so we are I'm playing
with a chicken peroxide solution so what
you will need to remember here is we
need to find the solution from how many
thing for us we can type my liquid
hydrogen peroxide on this plastic so
after you apply it you need to keep it
inside a transparent post in death and
you need to feel the poking that as
shown in the video
[Music]
okay now we have every single sunlight
so after devours us we have made video
results so here we are like three hours
so we can do a comparison
[Music]
now this part is already right before so
so we just become more white out and I
think the color of this part has also
changed really
we'll do a photo comparison and see
whether they have actually changed Oh No
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is how it looks like after four
hours as I see it is becoming right so I
forgot to direct this heat or sunlight
and also 434 height because I stand here
and let the sunlight do it like that
so this is all my remote control looks
like me after one day of eating in the
Sun which already be divided right I
don't know whether it arise taking it or
not the test began right I'm going to 50
significantly also and see them
okay now I have put this in the sunshine
for the second day also now it's like
11:00 a.m. in the morning so you come
back around 5:00 p.m. and see how will
people such as you can see it's already
look white but I want to make it more
right so that's how I am going for the
second date
7c you know the time is like 4 p.m. and
you can see how the restarts on the play
so still the this area there is no
Walter then they say a lot of - we
consider about the entire product the
entire product good fighter fabulous so
I will go to sleep and show you the
final product after they assembled so
this is how the final product looks like
so as you can see this case holder he
sold as the word yellowish color now you
can see the difference let me send this
see stay - whiter than this
so I will put a color composition you
can clearly see the difference what are
you looking baby as you can see the
right side one is more whiter than the
ellipsoid one so the secret behind this
conversion is hightailing peroxide so if
you are able to find hydrogen peroxide
solution you will be able to do this
thing at your home so the key thing to
remember is you can't do this with the
liquid hydrogen peroxide because you
can't apply liquids on plastic as well
as really quick still vaporizer
so you need to find it in an cream cream
solution so cream can be applied on
plastic very easily so after applying
the hydrogen peroxide solution then you
need to find it a transparent forking
that and you have to put it inside them
back and you need to seal it right so
the Saline the polythene bag the fact
that it is a transparent is very
important here the subtle white sunlight
won't coincide
so like that way you will be able to do
this process so I hope that you will be
able to find this kind of hydrogen
peroxide solution from your local beauty
shop very easily but however still if
you are interested in the product that I
have used I think you can purchase that
product from eBay I will put the I will
put the eBay link under this information
section in this YouTube video if YouTube
allows me to put it over this I will
surely put it in my a Facebook page
under this video so you will be able to
find the eBay link from there so if you
think that this video has helped you in
any way please don't forget to like to
my video and I really appreciate it and
as well as if you are interested in more
technical and technology related videos
in the future you can subscribe to my
channel so thank you for watching my
video
[Music]