Chris and I are going to be cooking in
the kitchen today so I decided to I
guess just take a vlog and we're going
to be making a few things so it'll be
fun
I'll show you guys everything we make
and we're going to be sharing all the
recipes of course on our blogs so here
are that we got um just got some berries
persimmons sugar snap peas are so good
shallots tomatoes sourdough bread oh my
gosh it'll be so good I can't wait to
figure to make cucumber zucchini corn
blackberries bananas
potatoes rolled oats and maple syrup and
Chris is that whole food right now we
couldn't find all the ingredients we
needed but um he's there and I'm
starting on some of the recipes so we're
going to be making a really cool pizza a
leftovers pizza we're going to be making
a potato leek soup inside of the
sourdough roll so it's going to be bread
bowls oops we so good and then for
breakfast right now I'm just making a
banana and almond milk pinky
so whatever you're putting it together
is a banana the Lighting's great open
Anna pancakes
never done this before so hope it works
oh there's water in the Vitamix Vitamix
put I'm doing this lighting is not cool
increase 3 cups of oats we need extra
pancakes cuz I'm not sure how much
Christian and he's serving 3 cups of
oats super just um gluten free will so
they give it Trader Joe's on the big bag
you can also get them in bulk at Whole
Foods which is what I usually do I get
the sprouted ones there but I don't know
Krista's going to go there after Trader
Joe's and I already got it use that so
three cups of gluten-free rolled oats
and then you're going to process that in
your Vitamix until it becomes a flower
so let me do that and then I'll get back
to you guys because I don't want it to
be too loud ok so once the oats are
processed into like a flour then into
that you're going to put two cups of
almond milk 2 cups ah it's almost
perfect just get these at Whole Foods
we have leftovers from ah Thanksgiving
so 2 cups of almond milk
that in and then you need two ripe
bananas I didn't have fresh ripe but I
had frozen ones that were super ripe so
I'm going to be sticking those and
Philippe's thought for like an hour
um Wow Chris and I want to go over this
morning so they're pretty they're pretty
soft they're not too frozen they're
blendable I guess you get a napkin okay
and then this is optional but you can
put a sweetener in it I just you might
as well thank you so I'm just using um I
have raw terminada raw cane sugar that I
get at Trader Joe's I would have used
coconut sugar but I already had this and
I'm gonna use it up so I'm gonna put two
tablespoons of that in there and again
this is a double serving so our double
recipe is serving so um usually just one
tablespoon and then half of a teaspoon
of cinnamon and then you just blend that
until it's a batter like consistency
okay here it is
I could see it's like horrible and now
we're going to cook it on the pan okay
I'm actually never done this before so
let's see how this works I'm gonna use
um 1/3 cup measuring just to make sure
that all that the pancakes are uniform
so I'm going to heat this medium heat
this is a nonstick pan
thank you for making a berry drizzle so
raising blackberries blueberries and
maple syrup finish pancakes we have the
banana pancakes with bananas and
persimmons layered and then we have a
maple berry drizzle and fruit on top
let's try this okay
this is so hard to cut right now I'm
filming Jake this is a crispy so yeah
leftover pizza except these are really
our leftover secret Thanksgiving
leftovers pizza with mashed potatoes
stuffing creamed corn and Brussels
sprouts all vegan probably gonna be
crazy forgot to vlog my rest of what
we're doing but Kristin I'm a potato
leek soup and we're gonna put it in
sourdough bread bowls