hello my name is Arthur and I work for
ker makers of the world's favorite
pressure washers and cleaning solutions
for all around the outside of your home
and the inside of your home the Cara
pressure washer is a tool which uses
ordinary water from either a hose pipe
or any other source and can be used to
clean everything around the outside of
our home from patios and stonework to
decking sheds garden fences and anything
else around your home a Kasa pressure
washer is up to 35 times more powerful
than a hose pipe and uses 80% less water
which means you can remove dirt and
algae from any surface
effortlessly when you combine our High
Press pumps and our Superior nozzle
design you'll find that all your
cleaning is done using 80% less water
80% less water than a running hose pipe
and it's a lot faster that's a lot of
water
saved a Cara pressure washer doesn't
even need a mains-fed water supply to
give you perfect cleaning results I can
use water I've collected in a water but
I can clean all around my home and clean
my car using harvested rain
waterer furthermore if you have a Cara
high pressure washer from our water
called motor range our suction hose and
filter kit gives you another way to save
water one end has a simple screw fitting
that fits every model in the range the
other end has a filter with a non-
return valve and you just drop it in the
water you wish to draw
from let's have some fun and clean this
dirty car using reclaimed water but also
let's see how little water we need to do
an amazing cleaning job
[Music]
and there you go a casa pressure washer
can give you your best clean ever using
80% less water than a running garden
hose pipe or alternatively you don't
even need mains-fed water you can use
harvested and reclaimed water