oh I just got done eating Whataburger at
the park there's so much that I need to
do today first order of business as
usual is to go get this car washed up
and cleaned
I had a question asked recently about
how I wash my car is touchless basically
without using a sponge unfortunately
since I live at an apartment complex we
don't have access to a water hose so for
those of you that don't have access to
your own water
you'll probably be at a place like this
and I'm gonna basically show you guys
the best way to wash your car at one of
these places without completely
destroying your paint there so the first
thing that I want to mention is that you
never ever ever ever want to use this
brush ever these bristles are not soft
in any way they're really really coarse
and hold a lot of dirt and stuff rubbing
this on your paint will seriously
scratch the first thing that I like to
do is go ahead and get it set up for
pre-soak because it's really important
to get all that dirt and stuff loose
that's on your car all the bugs that are
on the front of your car and everything
like that
this pre-soak really helps loosen them
up and they usually will come off
without having to use a brush or
anything else that's really abrasive to
scrub them off so again what you're
doing this you're really gonna want to
soak down every inch of your paint so
that you can get all that dirt loosened
up off of there so without even having
to use a brush or anything a
high-pressure wash will completely
remove every bit of that dirt
[Music]
this car is so dirty because like you
saw my last video I went made my first
real big road trip in this car so we
drove probably 20 hours or so just so
this weekend alone so it's good to get
it all nice and cleaned up again anyways
so after you get it nice and soaked
you're gonna want to go to high pressure
soap and now since you went ahead and
got that whole entire dirt and
everything and all the bugs free soap
using this high-pressure soap now it
literally just the bugs fall off without
even having to get close to the pain if
you worry about feeling pain off or
anything
now what I'd like to do is after I get
all the dirt off with the soap I go back
and get this whack and just cover the
entire car and whack so it puts a nice
little protective layer over the pain
[Music]
after that go ahead and just with a
high-pressure wrench just washed all the
wax and soap off of the car
[Music]
now a lot of you guys are already gonna
know this but I'm gonna say it anyways
for the people that don't - make sure
that you never leave water like this on
your paint because it will dry and leave
water spots everywhere so something that
I always do to prevent water spots is
after I get done washing my car take you
a nice and soft microfiber make sure
that there's nothing on it because
anything that is on this ride that you
can't see that's even halfway abrasive
will scratch your paint up so whenever
it comes to drying off paint do not put
too much pressure because again it will
scratch it so just try to easily let the
water come off and let the rag soak it
up without pushing on the paint now for
the first go-round you don't have to get
every bit of the water off as you see on
the hood right here there's still
someone there you don't have to worry
about that just get the majority of it
off also another important thing that I
want to mention that I'm sure a lot of
you again know but for those of you that
don't do not ever use the same rag that
you use for your paint on your wheels
your wheels usually contain a lot of
dirt because they are obviously in
contact with the road and you don't want
that dirt on the rag that you're using
to wipe off your paint with just keep
bringing out the towel as it gets full
of water it'll help with soaking up more
water because once these rags have too
much water soaked up they start to lose
their absorbent nature
[Music]
all right so now you'll see that I
finished up wiping off all the water off
the car but if you look closely you can
see that there's still streaks in the
actual paint
so this is the final step in drying and
something to remember is that anytime
that you're drying a car you always want
to make sure that the paint is
lubricated while you're drying it so the
primary way to avoid swirl marks and
scratches and everything like that
always make sure that one of you drying
the paint that it's lubricated so the
best way to do that is I use three odds
garage they have like a spray-on wax and
for me that works great that is sprayed
on my rag a little bit and just make
sure that it is lubricated and not gonna
scratch up the paint and then I just go
ahead and start rubbing the paint down
and again you don't need a lot of
pressure to do this you'll see all the
water spots and streaks and everything
like that
but as long as this rag is at least a
little bit damp with spray wax you'll
notice that you can get every bit of
that residue from the water off the rag
is obviously gonna dry because the
paint's hot and it's gonna evaporate so
what you need to do is every now and
then just feel it and if you notice that
it's dry just spray a light little mist
on the rag and then continue to wipe it
down until you go through the whole
entire car and get all of the water
spots and streaks out of the paint now
another huge thing it's very important
that whenever you're drying off a car
now you don't rub in circles dry
do long sweeping strokes and that
actually reduces again swirl marks and
everything like that whatever you're
drawing off the car
and now a lot of people whenever they're
doing their glass stuff they like to use
rain-x and Windex and whatever else but
I've never found a need for it
how to use the same rag that I wax my
paint with and just scrub some wax into
the actual glass and that seems to work
more than it well enough for me
and now as you can see just from a quick
little free soap spraying down with soap
and then a nice little hand waxing
afterwards and the cars paint is
beautiful no smudges no water spots no
anything
and you notice that it did not take me
long at all it just took a few minutes
but a few minutes goes a long way
whenever it comes to black paint also
make sure that you always wipe down your
mirrors so they don't have any water
spots on it along with the glass and
last but not least a huge thing that a
lot of people neglect is their door jams
I don't know why but people forget about
their door jams and whenever you open up
your car it looks absolutely filthy so
if you want to keep your car looking
completely immaculate inside and out
make sure you don't forget about your
door jams now see looks much better so
after that I'm probably gonna be done
for today
alright guys so I just got done with
washing off the car and everything I've
never done anything like that so if you
like little tutorials on how to do small
stuff like that and the best way to do
it drop a comment down below let me know
that you want to see more of it or
you