hi this is yolanda vanveen from
vanveenbulbs.com and in this segment
we're going to talk about how to grow
iris bulbs now there's 1500 different
types of irises whether they grow like a
Dutch iris from a little bulb or a
Siberian Iris that's a root or a bearded
iris it's more of a tuber that sits on
the ground but they're all easy to grow
what irises have in common is that
they're all considered a bulb because
they go dormant in the winter and so
when you plant them you want to make
sure that the root is covered but the
stem is above ground and you can turn
around and separate them out or leave
them whole and my rule of thumb is plant
them in triangles or in groups of three
or more because they're very social and
then you want them to look good right
away and they multiply but you still
want them to be in groups of at least
three or more in a triangle to start
because that way it look good the first
year you want to make sure they have
lots of Sun and good drainage unless you
have a Japanese iris or Siberian Iris
that can sit right in water all the
other varieties really want good
drainage and they do need a lot of Sun
I've tried to grow them in shade and
it's really hard to get them to bloom in
shade and just leave them for years and
when the fold looks good leave it be in
the fall as the foliage looks bad trim
it down and it's pretty much as easy as
that