[Music]
okay so what is ball burn or cloth burn
some people will call it well it's been
let me just show you the sort of little
dots I mean it's on the surface of your
cloth and it's most prevalent on
American cloth tables uh English cloth
tables because it's got a furry nap on
there there's a surface that will
prevent that happening because there's
more cover to the cloth but it's
basically where you get these light
colored dots which is where the ball is
been struck so as the Q strikes the Q
ball there is a sudden buildup of heat
in the ball as it accelerates from zero
to whatever speed it goes 60 80 90 100
milph down the table and there's a brief
flash of of heat in the ball which will
then cause a very small little white dot
or little sort of light colored Mark to
come on your table so if we just look
closer here I can show you here a few
examples which is where we've been
breaking off on this particular the
table so um so here you can see where
the cuq ball spot is you can see that
we've got a number of little dots here
obviously somebody likes breaking off
from this particular position but you
can also see other break points along
here where you've got other bits of
discoloration which is where the cuq
ball has basically started its life and
then it's been hit hard down the table
and it's that brief heat of the
acceleration of the ball which will
cause these little marks on the cloth
[Music]
so I guess the final question is can you
do anything about it well it's part and
past of the game there's not a lot you
can do about it um it can be reduced
though by the type of balls you're using
so if you're using uh say aramith balls
or Cyclops which we got here uh they're
made out of a phenolic resin and they're
less prone to causing that than uh the
cheaper kind of Chinese made bows which
are made out of polyester hardened
plastic they can be more prone to doing
it keeping the balls clean uh is very
important you can sort of see our Q ball
here gets an awful lot of use and it is
quite dirty and that can cause more uh
ball burn on there so if you're uh if
you use a proper aramith uh ball cleaner
then that can improve the appearance of
the balls and you will find that they
pick up chalk and also grease from your
hands as you've been picking up the
balls um so if you keep them clean they
will cause less marks to appear on your
table
[Music]