hi guys once again
gentleman Jim the tailor where is my
dressmaker she's not with me today
but I just want to introduce you guys to
a little segment that we're changing and
we're adding into our show Cole cool
sewing tips we're going to be in this
segment giving you little just little
tidbits of tips on how things can be
done to make your sewing life easier
today I'm going to give you some tips on
sewing buttons on now why is that well
I'm gonna tell you why
everywhere I go every time I do a
seminar or workshop I show people how US
tailors sew buttons on and it's a little
different than the way most people do
few reasons we use little different
items now we use a thread that's a lot
stronger than your average thread and
it's actually called button the thread
this is for sewing on buttons only this
is the only thing you're gonna do with
this straight it's a lot cause us a lot
thicker and it won't break secondly we
use a heavier needle so it can penetrate
easily now retailers use a thimble now
thimbles come in two ways you have the
one that has the cap on it and you have
the one that has the hole in the top
they both fit on your finger the same
thing in the same way there's a
difference and people always want to
know why is the hole in the one that
most tailors use very simple this one
here with the top of what a lot of lot
of people use because they sew with the
tip of their fingers tailors we use the
side about things we've sold this way
not that way so when you hold the needle
we sold and we push from the side they
whereas a lot of people with especially
with the tip one use it and they push
from the tip side now one of the reasons
why tailors use a thimble it's very
simple this needle here if you push it
with your finger and I've seen so many
fingers effective and they get infected
whereas the back part of the needle
pushes a little hole in there and
eventually from dirt and whatever they
become this becomes infected back here
so we use a needle and then we use a
thimble to push it through now sometimes
you go through a thick fabric you need
some force the thimble helps you out now
I'm going to show you guys how we show
up so on
a button using I have your needle and
button thread so if you just give me a
minute I'll get a button and show you
now here's how most people so button is
on they usually start trying to get it
lined up from the back side or the
underside and once they come up they
take the button and they put it through
one of the holes and they immediately
they immediately go in like so
and then they spend too much time trying
to fish it back through in order to get
it through a hole say sometimes they'll
hit the back of the button or they'll
put it in the wrong hole
so they fish it through and they stab at
it until they get it in the hole then
they go back through and they hope it
kind of lines up here's what happens on
the backside of that hole you get what
we call ugliness because you get all of
those threads that loop over this is the
way I'll show you guys the way tailors
do it so you don't get all that ugliness
and it simplifies you sold on a button
first thing I'm gonna do is put a good
knot in it and all I'm doing is I'm oiss
in my fingertips I take it I hold it in
and I put it like so and I just roll it
forward and with my finger pull it down
and I get my knot now the way we sew
buttons on we have a mark where the
button is going on and what we do is we
pierce the fabric with the needle
notice how there's an indentation right
there that's where the Pierce is this
way we don't get a ugliness on the
backside of it and put out not put it in
then we set our button on top of it
now I always back it in opposed to
pushing it in that way because when I
backed it in I could already pull it out
and be ready to go again
now what we do is we put it in the same
little area and now we can see how easy
we go into the hole then in order to see
me going into the next side I can see it
right there so what I do is I pierce it
and I'm automatically in the other hole
I'm not stabbing in the dark and then I
take it back in in see I back it in and
grab it with the needle part and then I
go in again okay I have put a couple
seen out on this with this thread you
only need a couple sometimes three
because the thread is so strong then
what I do is I take the thread and I
wrap it around three four five times and
I pull it and what it creates is then I
go through what it creates is it creates
a little shank right there
now that's there for a reason a lot of
times people put a button on and it lays
flat against the cloth if it has a
little shank it's elevated that means
that the the other side of the garment
can fit over it without causing any type
of puckering meaning that that fabric
will fit in the area where the shank is
that's how we put buttons on every time
I do a demonstration in OSH
oh this they're amazed at first of all
how fast I can do it and secondly when I
turn it over you don't see let me take
that needle out of it you don't see a
ugly looking scar you see a little pinch
where it's holding the fabric intact
that my friends is how most of us
tailors
especially old-school tailors have been
put putting buttons on for years this is
the way we do it this is the way I teach
my students sometimes it takes a little
getting used to but like I said it's in
you can hold it C in your hand turn it
and look to see where the back is that's
what we do folks hope that hello my
friends once again the gentleman's here
you can look and see the pretty face of
the dressmaker next time we air now
these little cool things that we do
there's nothing well let me not say that
this all that cool is just these are
some of the tricks of the trade that we
use and hopefully it simplifies the
different methods of doing things
like I say I use a thimble I use a
heavier weight needle and I use of
course of thread to sell all my buttons
this way you don't have a big ugly out
of stitch stitch because sometimes I see
it one stitch is over here one stitch is
over there it crosses over you just see
the little print from the needle that my
friends is the way I sew on buttons and
the way most tailors so long buttons so
I bid you farewell from the gentleman be
sure to tune in and next time you'll see
the gentleman and the dressmaker thank
you have a great day