[Music]
hey guys this is the blue milk show let
me have the Scottie today I'm cooking
some Johnsonville brown sugar and honey
sausages one of my favorite besides the
maple ones but today we're gonna get
started
and I want to basically telling you the
way to I cook it even though it away
friend tells me she doesn't like the way
I cook it she always says I add too much
water but who cares it's the way I like
you
[Music]
well first you answering your pilot on I
usually turn it on high for about 10-15
seconds to get the pan warm before I add
some water to it now right there does it
look like that's too much water even
though she nags at me about it all the
time I think it's the perfect amount of
water there are some sinuses in there I
usually let it boil down for a couple of
minutes usually about a minute before I
start you know it's all somewhere around
and moving them around
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
here you go you see they're starting a
little turn a little color there I mean
I can't tell you the best best part of
waking up is a good breakfast and
sausage speaking eggs pancakes that's
the way to start your morning and this
sausage that Johnsonville is probably
one of the best I'm not going to say the
best but it's one of my favorites now
what I kind of do there is you see the
water that's it's boiling away once that
boils away a little bit I give it
another seven to eight minutes I like it
dark even though my wife complains that
it's too dark see lo she thinks that's
perfect I like it a little bit darker
than that I don't know I just I feel the
darker it is the more flavor it is gives
it that little crunch on the outside of
the skin you know like I got a
restaurant I don't know you guys can
tell me how you feel about it but this
is basically the way I like to close my
sausage I like it real dark and
sometimes you know this really pisses
her off
I imagine pipe this all women off I
didn't do it in this video I like to cut
them in half around this point so I can
get four sides crispy it really works
the out of her well guys until next
time thanks for watching