hello today I'd like to show you how to
do a little bit more quilt as you go
today I'm going to do some applique on
um a square for quarters you go I've
shown you already how to do some strips
and so I thought it would be quite fun
to applique um a a shape on as well so
I've got my backing fabric here so I've
got a square I've just cut some 10 in
squares of fabric so that's my the
backing then I've got my batting which
I've cut into a 10in square then I've
got my front fabric which I've also cut
into a 10-in square and I've already
fused on the shape that I'm going to
applicate which in this case is a star
and I'm just going to pop a couple of
pins in here just to hold this because
it tends to want to slide around a bit
and we're trying to eliminate too much
movement and now what I'm going to do so
I've got you can see my squares already
looking quite beautiful at this stage um
but I'm going to applique around this
Edge using a blanket stitch on the
sewing machine um and I'm going to go
through all three layers so that it's
quilted as you applique it so you just
would need to make sure that your
threads are matching the way you'd like
them to match like if you want a
different color on the underneath to the
top Etc so I have actually got a dark
one on the top and I've just kept a
neutral one on the back because I'm
wanting that to just go throughout on
that side of my blocks got my blanket
stitch ready on the sewing machine and
I'm just going to start going right
through so whatever method is that you
use for sewing around your applique you
can do it could be a straight Stitch it
could be some other decorative Stitch
but today I'm using the blanket stitch
so I'm just going to start in one of the
little V's of the star and I'm just
going to go all the way
around this is quite fun because
quilting at the same time as appliqueing
is pretty
impressive normally on the quilt as you
go Block it's fairly well quilted so
we're just going to do a little bit of
quilting after the applique itself is
done because that won't be quite enough
quilting on the
Block
that doesn't take too long to get around
a star hav quite got there yet
though
this is a great way of using up bits and
pieces of fabric and pting on small
pieces all at
once now back to the beginning now I'm
going to take that out and I'm going to
pull those threads through and and tie
them off shortly but as you can see this
is all
quilted and applicated all at once so
I'll just show you on the back side I've
just got to trim off my threads here and
maybe thread them in because it's going
to show um but I'm also going to do a
little bit of quilting around the
outside edge as well so there it's
already quilted and it's kind of already
puffy it's looking great so now I've
finished all the applique and I've
actually just changed the thread in my
machine CU I wanted a different color
for the quilting and now I'm just going
to do I've I've already done a couple of
blocks here see if there's one that you
can see it on I'm just going to do some
straight lines but randomly straight
they're not going to be parallel
parallel you could do anything if you're
a meander or whatever it is the sort of
quilting that you would like to do next
you could Echo but I'm just doing these
um sort of random straightish lines so
I'll just show you how I do that so I'm
just set up for straight sewing on my
machine if you've got a walking foot it
would be very helpful this machine has a
built-in dual feed
and so I'm just going to sort of come at
a bit of an angle um across there just
as I said in a straight line so I'll
just start doing some and you can see
what I'm up to
then so I've done that first line I'll
take that
out and turn the block around and do
pretty much the same thing so you're not
after an exact copy but something
similar so again at a bit of an
angle and those lines will
intersect you don't want to come out
right on the edge but somewhere in from
your corner a little bit we're going to
do two rounds of this sort of sewing on
here just so just so that the block is
kind of filled up with a bit of
quilting
now the one thing you have to be a
little bit careful of is when you um do
the intersections that that it's not
pushing the fabric and creating little
sort of pleat and Tucks so this this
last one I've actually got to cross over
twice so this is the fourth side that
I'm doing
now just keep an eye out that you're not
creating little tucks at those
intersection
bits if you've got the walking foot or
the jeel feed that should sort most of
that out for
you and now for my next line of sewing
I'm just going
to do another line all the way around
but instead of following that one in
parallel I'm kind of going to not quite
meet it you could cross over if you
wanted to but I'm kind of just going to
come over to the other side
so and much the same on all four
sides so just creates a
a bit of um fill the area of quilting
without overdoing
it and it's so much fun because you
don't really have to be that straight so
just the last one to do
now then I'll just have to trim the
block
ready so I've done all four quilting
lines there and you can probably see it
better on the back so these lines just
go it slightly crazy angles but it what
it does is creates a nice quilted area
um I'm actually going to be setting
these with some other quilter you go
blocks that I've shown you on a previous
video with some strips so I needed to
have an equivalent amount of quilting on
them so I'm just going to trim this
block now I want I started out with that
being um 10 in but I'm just going to
trim off/ qu of an inch or so all the
way around so I'm going to trim it from
the back side and even with those couple
of pins that we put in it has moved a
little bit so just keep a little bit of
an eye out for that and that's why we
trim it because it does want to move a
little bit and their edges might just
wander a little bit so I just got to
make sure that I'm within here and that
things haven't moved too
much take off two sides so I'm trimming
it to 9 and 1/2
in got this ruler that's convenient ly 9
and 1/2 in
square and I've done the two sides
turned it around and now I'll do the
other two
sides now I am going to show you how we
can join these blocks up but I'm going
to do that in a separate video and we'll
treat it as a separate little exercise I
think so there I've trimmed my block I'm
quite pleased with that I think that's
looking great and I've already made a
few blocks here and you can see you
could actually just make a whole quilt
with applique on them like that but I'm
actually going to intersperse them with
some other blocks um so that was just to
show you how you can include some
applique in the quilt as you go as well
thank
you