deep-fried cheese one of my favorite
appetizers to order it places like TGI
Fridays is mozzarella sticks who doesn't
love that nice warm gooey mouth water
and cheese nestled and breadcrumbs and
then dipped in marinara we're going to
show you how to create restaurant
inspired classics at home to start
I bought some string cheese at my
grocery store and then cut it in half
width wise then you have the perfect
size mozzarella stick I have my flower
set up in a medium-sized bowl a simple
egg wash which is just a couple eggs a
little bit of milk and then the breading
now today I'm using panko bread crumbs
it's going to give it a nice light
fluffy even a crunchy ER texture than
average bread crumbs I also put a half a
cup of Parmesan cheese 1 tablespoon of
dried parsley and a teaspoon each of
garlic salt and seasoning salt going to
start by grabbing a couple pieces of
cheese and put into the flour make sure
you get all of your cheese nice and
coated Pat them off then I'm going to
put them for a little egg wash all right
and then toss them into your bread crumb
all right now there's your mozzarella
stick but it's not ready yet because
that's actually not enough bread and you
really want to get a nice crispy coating
so I'm going to put them back through
the egg wash one more time and then the
panko this is really going to ensure
that you have a nice thick breading and
then I've lined a baking sheet with wax
paper so this is a step you can do ahead
of time when you're prepping for a party
we were to put the mozzarella sticks
directly into the oil right now it would
be a disaster the cheese Armel all of
the breadcrumbs would fall apart so now
we're going to put these into the
freezer and get them nice and hard for
at least an hour overnight is even
better I have a pot filled halfway up
with vegetable oil and it's really handy
to have a candy thermometer because you
want to get the oil just 350 degrees
these are the cheese sticks that have
been in the freezer so they're nice and
cold and Harden
I'm just going to put about four into
this sauce pot you really don't want to
overcrowd your cheese sticks or anytime
you're frying because the oil is going
to neatly drop in temperature you also
want to have enough room for every
single angle to get fried up you want to
fry these until they're nice and golden
brown usually at least thirty seconds
but keep an eye on them because they can
burn quickly try to avoid removing your
fried food from the oil looking at it
and putting it back in this is going to
cause them to be soggy once they start
to float and they're nice and golden
brown you're going to remove them with a
slotted spoon and then put them directly
onto a baking sheet lined with a paper
towel
YUM crispy on the outside warm and gooey
on the inside and these tastes way
better than the ones at the restaurant
because we made our own I'm brandy
thanks so much for watching and I'll see
you next time on pop sugar