give your Blue
Ivy my
baby my mommy doesn't know I
[Music]
am
[Music]
hey guys welcome back it's your girl
Ashley the handy home girl and I am here
in
2017 with a brand new spanking video I
just want to say Happy New Year I'm so
glad to be back for season 4 I really
enjoy doing hom girl does the holiday
holay uh Series last year it was a lot
of fun I hope you guys enjoy it I'll be
doing that almost like pretty much every
year kind of stopping uh you know the
home decor things and getting into some
holiday fun cuz it's fun and I want to
really spend some time like decorating
my house and making cocktails so I can
get a little bit you know festive for
the holidays but that's neither here nor
there so now that we are here back in
season 4 I am going to do some classic
hom girl reupholstery videos for you and
in this video I will be including a
cushion tutorial I know you guys have
been asking and asking for almost like a
year since I did my first couch um how
did you do your cushions how did you do
the cushions I you know the first time I
actually forgot to record me doing the
cushions I don't know why or how but I
did so this time I definitely have a
cushions tutorial for you for this
beautiful lovely love seat that I read
did over the summer so this is going to
be a thre part video series on this love
seat or four I'm not sure but I think
I'm going to try to squeeze it into
three parts so enjoy the tutorial if you
have any questions just leave any of
your comments or questions down below
and I'll get back to you as soon as I
can
enjoy so I'm going to show you how I
turn this love seat that I found on
Craigslist into
this
[Music]
so what you are going to need is some
scissors a hammer uh two different sizes
or more uh flad screwdrivers some pliers
I like to use regular size pliers and a
needle nose pliers and a pair of gloves
so first you want to remove your cushion
cushions you can strip them now or strip
them later it's totally up to you and
and you always want to start on the
bottom because you want to take off the
bottom mesh that's on the bottom of the
couch um and this is just held together
by like this cardboard strips that they
do so you just want to use your Flathead
and remove those Staples I also use my
needle Nails pliers or your regular
pliers to get out Staples that may seem
a little bit tougher to get out with
just a flathead
screwdriver and like I said in my last
video we are going to to work in reverse
order when it comes to reupholstering so
when stripping it you want to remember
the order that you took each piece
off you want to start with your bottom
mesh and then you want to take a little
break cuz this part can be very timec
consuming the whole thing can be time
consuming took a little dance break
there
and sometimes you can just rip it but if
you rip it like I do sometimes you rip
your fabric so just be patient and take
it off slowly gently you're not in a
hurry hopefully you're not in a rush
[Music]
right and now I'm removing the fabric
from the bottom of the
sofa that is staple to the wood and just
removing the trim as well cuz I won't be
putting that backc on I'll probably do
another video about how to do piping but
for this couch I didn't necessarily want
to do
piping and just going to continue to
remove the stapes and this frees up the
back fabric the side fabric on the arms
and the uh Fabric in the front that is
actually the base of the
couch
almost there I promise
you almost there all right we're done so
everything on the bottom is free
now and now we're going to use our
Flathead to remove the back of the couch
so that was the bottom that we took off
first and now we're going to work to the
back because that is the next area that
all sides are free no other fabric is
stopping it from coming
off and I'm pulling out my tracks I
normally reuse my tracks if I do mess
them up or break them I go to a real
holstery shop and purchase more um but
usually the ones that I take off the
couch are pretty good I just bend them
uh to make them straight and I reuse
them all right so now the back piece is
removed d i do lay my pieces out in
order on the floor now the next piece I
will be taking off is the back
seat so you want to work from the bottom
and then come to the top so this is the
inside of the couch removing all the
Staples and then I'm going to pull out
the
fabric from the inside of the couch and
this is like the inside bottom part and
this isn't mold guys this couch was
actually
painted um so I do give this good couch
a good cleaning later but the paint they
use just stuck to the foam now you want
to work on your Arms This the next piece
that is going to be free no fabric is
going to be holding it back so this is
really not the arm but the side like the
very side panel of your
couch and there's going to be another
short TCH there I'm going to remove
that and this funky little curve there's
actually a really different track like
right here I've never seen them before
I'm lying I have but uh just for take
that and save that put it to the side
and remove the rest of the
fabric and so I am removing the front
piece of the armrest like the very front
of it yeah that flat
section and the only thing that's
holding that down is the piping but I
actually just make a casing for it
so now the entire arm is free and I do
the other side as
well we're almost to the promised land
guys I almost to the promis land so
since everything the bottom was all
taken up this is probably like the
easiest part cuz you don't have the any
Staples because you took everything up
in the beginning so you just remove the
seat and you are all
done and just give this couch a good
cleaning once she you are done and
that's
it hey guys welcome back so I hope you
enjoyed that video it's pretty similar
to the first couch that I did I'm like
this one's a little bit harder because
it had the legs the legs I could not
take off I couldn't take my legs off so
I had to do some little fangling at the
bottom which you did see and that's
pretty much it so guys I hope you
enjoyed that video this season I will be
contining going with renovation real
talk I will be continuing on with homie
hookups and i' also got a little special
something something for you coming up
probably by the end of this month or the
beginning of next month I'm so excited
to be releasing this little project I'm
working on so if you like this video
give this video a big thumbs up comment
like share and subscribe to this channel
for more beautiful and fun and
entertaining videos and DIYs once again
my name is Ashley you're handy handy
Andy homegirl you can follow me on
Instagram Pinterest and Twitter at Handy
homegirl 14 and I will see you later bye
check out my collection of DIY wear
available now at the handy homeg
girl.com hey homies you can find more
DIY tips and tutorials at the handy
homeg girl.com and stay up to date by
subscribing to my blog and my YouTube
channel and you can also follow me on
Facebook Pinterest Twitter and Instagram
see you later guys bye