old in a tile again you just take 3-in
tablet and you rub it in there and leave
a little
residue on that and I'll do this one
here and that will get rid of
it I went ahead and put it in um just
about all the grout here on this one cuz
it's growing
everywhere it tends to grow in a shady
area you can see this one has an
overhanging coping and so it's shaded
most of the time and that's why it forms
there but this will eliminate it
and generally the towel brush won't get
rid of the mold CU it it'll just go past
the grout and you brush it won't
actually get in there usually so just a
very effective way to get rid of it and
I wouldn't recommend using this in your
house like in your shower the toxic
fumes are pretty bad and it needs to be
in a well ventilated area like outdoor
so don't I wouldn't use it Ino indoors
okay so I went ahead and treated the
whole uh pool all the grout in the pool
with trior tablet and I should eliminate
that from coming back also for a long
period of time time