guys this is fun one this is called an
extreme vodka watermelon the beauty of
watermelons is that whatever liquid you
add to them seeks in it's one of the few
fruits that is able to retain what you
add to it so what you do is you cut
little holes in and then you stick in
the various bottles of booze that you
want to add for watermelon this size you
probably should only put in one big
bottle but because it's tipsy bartender
okay and you know we kind of done like
that we go and overboard and add in all
the ingredients for Long Island iced tea
which is vodka rum gin tequila triple
sec okay you want to let this sit
overnight or even for two days to try to
allow as much of this to seep in as
possible you remove your bottles slice
it up and you will definitely definitely
definitely taste the booze that you add
is beautiful and this is one of the few
fruits that you're able to do the Swift
at this particular level stay tipsy my
friends see like look at my face you see
that right there that's gonna alcohol it