hi I'm Elizabeth with color star Growers
here to provide you some tips on how to
care for your poinsetta poinsetta is our
tropical plant that prefers moderate
temperatures around 65 to 75° F when you
first arrive home with your poinsetta
find somewhere bright with indirect
light that's away from drafts or direct
sources of heat if your plant starts to
lose its leaves the spot you've chosen
may be too dark poinsetta should be
watered when the surface of the soil is
dry to the touch and then water
thoroughly every 2 to 3 days depending
on how dry it gets and always discard
any excess water to keep your plant
blooming for the next season follow
these steps during the winter continue
to water the plant and keep it in bright
indirect sunlight away from drafts or
direct sources of heat in early March
when the BRX or the leaves start to fade
cut the stems back to to 8 in above the
soil line continue to water regularly
and then every 3 to 4 weeks you'll want
to lightly fertilize with an all-purpose
fertilizer when the temperatures are
warm place the plant outdoors first in
indirect light and then in direct
sunlight avoid temperatures below 50° F
throughout the summer around July 4th
cut back any new growth stems and then
repot it if needed around Labor Day move
your plant inside and provide six or
more hours of direct light through the
start of October until mid December
confine your poinsetta into complete
darkness for 14 hours giving it 10 hours
of natural light a day a cardboard box
works great this will set the buds and
cause the BRX to
color follow these tips and you'll have
a PO seted that will last you past the
holiday season thanks for watching and
as always you can find us on Facebook or
our website colorstar growers.com