if you're here you're here because you
want to learn some tips on how to get
rid of centipedes a lot of people have
centipedes in their house and don't even
know it so a lot of people wonder what a
centipede looks like they're basically
they're usually brown dark in color and
they don't have a million legs like some
people think they actually only have
around 15 pairs of legs and their bites
and pee bites can be very painful
especially to young kids we're going to
give you six tips on getting rid of
centipedes in your house the first tip
is to keeping your house clean this is
very important
try to keep your food in airtight
containers and sweep up any crumbs on
the floor once once a day this will help
this will help a lot tip number two is
to purchase a dehumidifier this will
lower the moisture count in your house
which will discourage centipedes from
from living in your house they don't
want to live in a dry cold environment
they want to live somewhere humid so if
you buy dehumidifier it will help get
rid of centipedes step number three is
to walk around the outside of your house
and find holes or cracks in your wall
and use glue or caulk to fill these
holes centipedes can find their way in
very tiny holes so pay close attention
to all the holes around your house step
number four is to buy sticky traps
centipede sticky traps can be purchased
off Amazon but always read the reviews
to see it what other people think of
them and when you place them down
remember to check them every couple days
because you can catch things other than
centipede such as spiders or flies and
these stick traps tend to get filled up
pretty quickly tip number five is to use
a poison now I would recommend buying
centipede poison from Amazon but then
again read the reviews because some
people have luck with them and some
people don't
also make sure if you have kids pets or
small children to keep them away from
the poison or put the poison in a place
that they cannot find it because it can
be dangerous step number six is a last
resort and is to basically hire an
exterminator exterminators have the
tools and knowledge to get rid of
centipedes fast and effectively without
causing much harm then this option may
be more expensive but it's definitely
worth it if you want to have a peace of
mind so we're going to go back through
the six tips of getting rid of
centipedes one is to keep your house
clean two is to purchase a dehumidifier
three is to seal up the outside of your
house with glue step number four is to
buy sticky traps to trap them step
number five is to buy poison to poison
them
step number six is to hire an
exterminator as a last resort if you
have any better ideas I leave a comment
below or visit get rid of the bad comm
for its secrets on how to get rid of
centipedes that I have not listed here
if you liked this video like it and
subscribe for more thanks for listening