hi I'm Shauna from gluten figure on the
chef and since so many of you have been
asking about how to make your own
gluten-free all-purpose flour mix well
I'm here to show you before you had to
cut gluten out of your life you probably
never dreamed of making your own flour
mix why the heck would we bought that
giant bag of white flour and put it into
our kitchen and that was it well it's
either depends on how you look at it
either our lives are more complicated or
they're more interesting now maybe
they're complicated and interesting both
but it's much more interesting to me to
make my own flour mix and put what I
want in there than to just buy a bag now
there are some great gluten free flour
mixes on the market and certainly if
you're brand new to gluten free just buy
those it's no problem at all but if
you're like me and you want to play with
the flavors and the protein content of
your flour mix well this is what you do
the other great thing is even though
this is empty right now
eventually you can fill this with flour
four different flours six different
flours we'll talk about that too and
when you have done this and shaking it
all up you just have flour you have
flour in your kitchen again and you
don't have to think about it so Danny
and I have been fiddling with different
flour mixes for years but for the last
couple of years we've been using a flour
mix for our all-purpose flour which is a
forty percent whole grain 60 percent
starches or white flowers now there's a
you know that's not that scientific
there if you really want to look at the
protein versus starch content of wheat
it's similar to that we could fiddle
even more and do thirty eight percent
and make it simple in ourselves because
it's pretty easy to measure out four
hundred grams versus six hundred grams
so forty percent whole grains such as
sorghum or millet 60% starches like
potato starch arrowroot tapioca flour
we'll talk about that later the great
thing about making your own flour mix is
that you can get something like this a
big plastic container and fill it up all
the way to the top and then you'll have
enough flour for weeks in our case it's
probably more like a week but for most
people it's two three four weeks who
knows you've got flour for a long time
and psychologically once you have mixed
all these up and put them
they're shaking it up it just feels like
flour you don't think anymore that there
are four flowers in here or six or eight
it's just flour the other great thing
about making your own flour mix is that
you can choose the flowers you want in
your mix some of you might be allergic
to rice or not like the taste of tapioca
flour maybe you have just run out of
something in your house and if you know
what our whole grain flours and water
starch is then you can just make up
whatever combination works for you in
the moment we'll have the list of all of
those flowers on our website but for now
I'm going to show you the flowers we're
going to use today today we're going to
make a flower mix with millet sorghum
potato starch and sweet rice flour let's
start with a sorghum sorghum flour is a
great whole grain it has a nutty taste
it's slightly a little textures a little
bit like whole wheat pastry flour which
is part of the reason it feels familiar
and now feel the final bit good and it's
a great protein so we're going to start
with 200 grams of sorghum flour now
weighing these flours is essential
there's 100 there's 153 see how easy it
is to bake by weight all you have to do
is measure out 200 there's 196 Oh - OH -
what do you do if there's too much you
put some back at 197 you can use a spoon
but it's your own kitchen Sofer gosh
sakes you can use your own hands 200
there's 200 grams of sorghum flour and
now I'm just going to dump it into this
big plastic tub now we're going to add
millet flour millet is one of my
favorites it has a really neutral taste
maybe slightly a little bit like corn
but it also makes a great crumb when you
have breads muffins quick breads and you
want that lovely Airy crumb add millet
so in this case we're going to do 200
grams of millet
200 since this is all based on 1,000
grams of flour total you'll do 200 grams
of sorghum and 200 grams of millet for
400 grams of whole grain flour that
makes 40% so again think about 1000
grams of total flour mix and we added
400 grams of whole grain with the
militant sorghum now we need 600 grams
of starches in this case we're gonna
start with potato starch 300 grams of it
a potato starch is really light it is
the lovely stuff the white stuff that
comes out of the potatoes when you cook
them and it makes for a really
interesting flour as well a little bit
doesn't really taste like potatoes which
also makes it good because you don't
necessarily want your cookies tasting
like potatoes 200 grams except 23 gonna
gram it I'm glad I didn't stop at three
a two hundred and three or four and
again if you put too much in take some
out no big deal at the end if you're
like me you'll be covered in flour as
will the table yes clean it up after
we're gonna finish with 300 grams of
sweet rice flour and we're actually
going to do videos on each of these
flours so you can hear a little bit more
about them in depth but sweet rice flour
is great in a flour mix because this the
rice itself is so starchy that when it's
turned into flowers you can see it's
very fine and it also how fine that is
when you combine it with other flours
and a baked good it almost starts to
bind the other flours together because
it's so super sarchie when I'm doing any
kind of all-purpose flour mix this is
the one flour I make sure that we have
sweet rights are that's 300 grams this
way friends are now how do we finish
making our flour mix oh it's very
scientific if you can see right now
you'll see there are very different
colors within the sorghum and the millet
different colors and so what you're
going for is the flower to be all one
color it's not right now so let me shake
it up so you can see it you want to make
sure that your lids on tight because
I've done that for flour everywhere all
over my hair not such a good thing just
shake shake shake see you very
scientific nearly get myself in the head
that's pretty good you see it's all one
color and that's what you're going for
just stir it whisk it shake it however
it works for you and make all one color
and that is your flower that's all you
have to do now what I would do if I were
filling this is I would multiply it
times five so it would be a thousand
grams of whole grain flour of millet
flour one thousand grams of sorghum
flour you can do your own math just
think 1,000 grams you need 200 grams of
each whole grain flour or 400 grams of
one or use for whole grain flours and
100 Rams of each see we're already
getting complicated math just figure it
out for yourself all you have to do is
think forty percent whole grain 60
percent starches put it in the container
mix it up flour you're done there's your
gluten free all-purpose flour mix
you