hey Tim here from expert power-washed
Vancouver Washington want to show you
guys a deck that we're working on today
it's a tech deck or composite whatever
you want to call it but this thing is
pretty bad so when it kind of give you
guys a little video of what we do at
extra power wash maybe this will help
somebody or show a customer what we can
do let's take a look alright guys here's
the tech deck you see this thing has
been neglected over the years these
things clean up a really really nice so
if you have a deck like this you know
most times we can get this thing cleaned
up so you can see all the moss growing
in there let's take a look you see all
the black spots algae Moss see where
it's really green over here there's a
little step up section you can see this
thing is not looking to get real good
there's the rails definitely needs a
cleaning I'm gonna take you guys around
and show you the the back side of the
rails this kind of surprised me how bad
they were but guess we really shouldn't
get surprised when we're out cleaning
stuff take a look at this thing
it's basically a carpet on the railings
there you guys can see that try to get a
little closer to the bottom here
it's pretty bad so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to pretreat this thing with
a chemical solution we use and then
we're gonna let that dwell and then
we're gonna go ahead and soft wash it so
again we're not using high pressure on
this deck we're gonna use a method
called soft washing all right guys all
good get right back to you alright guys
I wanted to show you the pretreatment
it's kind of really hard to hold the
phone and pretreat at the same time so
I'll just give you a quick example of
what we do to pretreat we're gonna work
on this this upper part first so just
real low pressure chemical mixture with
soap it's gonna sit on here and dwell
and then we'll come back and soft wash
it with a little pressure alright guys
I'm gonna go ahead and treat the rest of
this deck all right we got the deck all
pre treated you guys can see probably
where it's already starting to work see
the cleaner there up against the green
so it's a real soapy mixture it just
sits on there and starts doing the work
so I want to take you guys around and
show you that green area but I was just
showing you about 10 or 15 minutes ago
it's it's cleaners dwelt for about 10
minutes or so maybe 15 but you can see
where all that green was that moss is
now turning white so what happens is the
cleaner goes on air and it kills the
moss if you come out and just pressure
wash this deck you're not gonna kill any
of them spores for all this moss and
algae mildew the stuffs that's gonna
come right back so in order to properly
clean deck you gotta treat it first so
we're gonna come back and use low to
medium pressure and get this all knocked
off here and get it rinsed off and get
it cleaned up I'll show you guys how it
comes out all right
alright guys after inspecting this deck
a little bit more decided to treat it
with a little bit more solution so this
techniques gonna be a little bit
different what we're gonna do is just
downstream some of our cleaning solution
on this deck and just let it dwell a
little bit longer so basically just
bring chemical in through your pressure
washing gun got a j-rod set up on there
and we're just gonna train yourself on
there so I'm gonna get this all treated
and then
you