hey guys this is Mike with OnPoint
preparedness and I wanted to show you
guys a cheap way to weatherproof or
waterproof your fabric we don't always
have the money to buy Seal skins gloves
or gortex fabric um but there's a cheap
way to pretty much waterproof any fabric
that you might have gloves pants shirts
jackets and one of the ways is this
Greenland wax it's made by a Swedish
company called Fel Raven and they make a
lot of outdoor gear like clothing which
you should also check out cuz they're
exceptional but this is really just a
paraffin and Beeswax blend you can make
it yourself and I'll put some videos on
how to do it a DIY at the bottom of this
video but you can buy this commercially
for a block about this size five bucks
they're larger blocks $10 and all you do
is just impregnate the fabric with this
wax heat up the fabric so the wax
dissolves into the fibers and then you
have essentially waterproof clothing so
I'm going to demonstrate this to you um
there are other Alternatives out there
like silicone spray for tents that you
can use on other clothing or canvas type
material like backpacks but we're just
going to focus on this for
today all right so here is the wax let's
just open this up this was a little
small sample size I got free when I
bought the F Raven Vita Pro pants look
for the fox great pants um and all you
do is just rub this
in and you can see in the camera you can
see the white wax starting to come off
on this now you can just rub that in
real good um and then once we're
done rubbing this wax onto the fabric
you can either get an
iron or you can get a hair dryer and uh
melt the wax into the fabric if you're
out in the field you can hold this
highly above a fire um so it doesn't
catch on fire um but just enough to heat
the wax and that I'll do the same
job okay so here we have the fen knee
covered in the Greenland wax and now I'm
going to use the hair dryer method to go
ahead and melt this wax into the fabric
all right there you have it um it really
doesn't make any markings on the fabric
I don't know what this would look like
if it was a a lighter shade since this
is a dark Earth um you can see there's a
couple little dark spots just from where
the wax was a little bit heavy um but
the key thing to remember is you can
repeat this process over and over and
over again to achieve the L U level of
waterproofness that you desire uh also
keep in mind that after successive
washes um your wax will start to be
removed from the wash cycle so um every
I don't know every four to five washes
you may want to re-impregnation
[Music]
this repels the
water all right so let's uh put some
water on this and just show you how
effective it
is again nothing really surprising it's
it's wax um it sheds water pretty well
um there's a couple spots where it looks
like it's sinking in a little bit but
again I can go over this with the
Greenland wax over again and make this
incredibly water resistant or or
waterproof well there you have it a
really easy cheap and effective way to
weatherproof or waterproof pretty much
anything in your closet I'll post the
link in the YouTube description on how
to purchase the commercial stuff and
I'll also put a link on how to do a DIY
in case you're interested in that now I
will mention that gortex and other
waterproofing uh Fabrics are still good
because they're breathable the more of
this stuff you app apply on your
garments the less breathable it's going
to be so my recommendation is in order
for this stuff to be really truly
effective you're probably only going to
want to apply this to your high wear
areas so I'm talking your elbows your
knees or you're behind um so go ahead
buy some stuff try it out it's cheap you
won't regret it it'll be effective and I
hope this tip helps thanks for watching
on por and preparedness