okay we are here with our drywall joint
this joint has dried overnight it's been
at least 24 hours and as you can see our
tape has been firmly embedded there's no
areas where it's pulling off so we
always want to make that inspection make
sure the tape embedded well since it as
stuck we're ready for our second coat
which is our second coat and we call
that a finishing coat for this we're
going to use an 8 inch finishing knife
as you can see here in the layer of mud
that we will apply is going to be about
the width of the knife so we're going to
be about 8 inches across here which is
approximately an inch and a half to two
inches beyond what I have currently so
the first step is to get mud in your pan
which I've already done I've loaded up
one side of the pan here with mud and
again we want to keep our pan clean to
avoid any lines running through our
finished joint so I'm going to take my
knife and cut in here and scrape it
against the other side to load my knife
up with mud I'm going to start on one
side and work my way across this joint
so starting on one end I'm going to
apply this mud and the flatter I lay
this knife the more compound I'm going
to apply so as you can see as I draw
across this joint I'm gonna gradually
flatten this knife out to apply more
compound I'm not real worried about how
it looks here on the first the first go
around because I will smooth it out as I
go on here so I just want to make sure I
have an even layer of mud all the way
across take a clean knife I'm gonna come
across this joint again right along the
center just move out any imperfections
that I may have
the next thing that I'm going to do is
what's called feathering when I feather
I hold my corner tied against the
drywall at the bottom then I hold the
upper corner of the knife here away from
the joint so as you can see my knife is
angled so I'm going to draw it across
and I'm holding that top edge away and
the bottom edge is tied against the
drywall and when I feather it allows me
to even out that edge because remember
I'm going for prompt from probably 1/16
to 1/8 eighth inch thick of mud to no
mud so I have to make up that difference
so the bottom I feather at the top again
in this case the top edge of the knife
is tied against the drywall the bottom
edge I'm holding it up off of the
compound so the bottom edge and the top
edge are both feathered as you can see
I've got some Nicks
so I'm going to make one more pass
across the center and just let that
knife float
I'm going to call that good remember we
have one more step so in that final step
we'll fill in a few of these
imperfections that remain we're going to
allow this to dry 24 hours and we'll be
ready for step number three