today I'm going to show you how I get
dried acrylic paint out of my
[Music]
clothes hi I'm Lisa the artist behind
loiner honestly usually I just leave the
paint in the clothes there are very rare
times I take the time to remove the
paint from the clothes but recently I
got a lot of acrylic paint across the
front of a new sweatshirt so I did want
to get that out so let's go ahead and
see how well this worked all you need to
do this is an old toothbrush and some
alcohol I'm using vodka here I've used
tequila in the past that worked as well
I am soaking that into the fabric and
then just taking the paintbrush to scrub
that area out now mine took a little bit
longer to scrub out than normal just
because it was so cold it made it harder
to lift the paint this works best if
you're using alcohol that is room
temperature I just scrubed that out
until all of the paint came out I then
rinsed it really well with clean water
and threw it in the washer and it came
out completely clean as you can see now
that this is clean and out of the dryer
that I left it in too long it's wrinkled
no more blue stain now I'm not going to
guarantee that this won't hurt different
types of fabric realistically you should
probably be wearing clothes you're not
that concerned about when you paint but
when it does happen using alcohol can
get rid of the paint like it did here
and I know there are tons of different
ways to get paint out of clothes I would
love to hear some of the suggestions you
have in the comments below if you're new
here I have five new art videos every
single week so if you like tips like
this or even art tutorials make sure you
hit that subscribe button it's right
there I made it super easy for you to
subscribe so you don't miss out on
anything I have to warn you though
normally there's no alcohol involved