I said just a sip don't gulp it save
some for me hmm oh hey how you doing
nice to see you again my name is Bruce
I've been working bar for almost 40
years now in that time I've learned a
trick or two that I'd like to pass on to
you so sit back relax enjoy the show
we've got a lot of ground to cover we'll
look at some of the Forgotten classics
and some unusual new tasty creations
right for any occasion Cheers
drinking games are fun games and as you
know they involve consuming copious
amounts of alcohol one of the most
popular ones is beer pong which is all
about one ping pong ball and hey hey hey
hey I said one ping pong ball and twelve
glasses of beer whoa Oh twelve glasses a
beer not one oh my god all right then
there's quarters nothing that's good
this is where the shooter tries to
balance a quarter off the table and into
a glass if the quarter goes into the
glass
the shooter chooses a person at the
table to drink now I don't recommend
this one but you could always play rocks
and buy the piece one person drinks a
shot every time sting sings Roxanne and
the other person drinks when he sings
put on the red light it's about a
three-minute song and that's a heck of a
lot of booze to take in in such a short
time be careful one of my favorites is a
flip zipper strip this is where you flip
a coin and while it's in the air you
call heads or tails heads if you guess
wrong you either take one piece of
clothing off or you take a shot oh it's
a tail
Cheers oh that's good medicine and let's
not forget the dozens of drinking card
games Hey
rolling dice games TV and movie show
trivia games and of course the power our
power where there's really no rules to
this drinking game at all all you do is
take a shot of your favorite liquor wine
or beer for every minute for an entire
hour
ouch when I first started working as
bartender it seemed like it was party
time all the time especially after hours
and we had our drinking game too it was
called captain pub still to this day I
have no idea who the hell captain puff
was a group of us would all have drinks
in her hand and one person would say I
drank too captain puff for the first
time take a sip of the drink and proceed
to do something silly like I don't know
hop three times on one foot and the
second person would continue by saying I
drink to cap and puff for the second
time take a sip of the drink pop three
times on one foot
and then add a second bizarre action
like balancing a salt shaker on the end
of a spoon and running around the bar
with it actually that was me that did
that one well this would continue
usually up to ten or fifteen crazy
daring feats before somebody messed up
the sequence when that happened the
person that made the blunder would have
to down all the drink then we start all
over again and you can imagine it didn't
take long before we're all falling down
drunk and some of us even needed medical
attention for minor injuries one of the
cocktails we used to whip up during
those wild drinking games with something
called a Bahama Mama it's an old classic
Tiki drink with as many recipes as there
are bartenders living on the islands of
sure it blends flavors of pineapple
juice coconut and at least two different
types of rum
unfortunately there's no real history to
its origin how come but that doesn't
mean we shouldn't maybe fabricate a
suggestion you know create a story
surrounding this drink knowing the
origin of where something came from is
always fascinating whether it's true or
not think about it a compelling story
about the history behind a drink that
has no origin we're in a hundred years
from now might actually become part of
its history that sounds pretty cool to
me the origin of the Bahama Mama legend
hazard captain puff and his crew were
rum runners during Prohibition sailing
the Caribbean one night a storm blew in
out of nowhere and gained tremendous
strength it was a massive wave that
broke the bow of their shipment and
caused it to capsize everyone aboard
drowned except Captain tough he barely
made it to shore and was shipwrecked now
on an uncharted island all alone
grieving the loss of his shipmates and
his mother yes his mother was onboard
that night so distraught the world was
nothing more than a piss pot of malady
for captain puff and he was about to
commit suicide I mean he had a gun to
the side of his head ready to end it all
when he noticed in the distance barrels
of rum barrels of rum floating towards
the shoreline of the island it put a
smile on his face as he laid down his
gun before long though
captain puff well he got thirsty cracked
open a coconut and squeezed the juice
from a pineapple all he knew the only
thing his drink needed now was some rum
which he had plenty of history was made
that bright and sunny afternoon when
captain puck named his cocktail the
Bahama Mama in honor of his mother
so the story goes ah the Bahama Mama a
sweet juice paradise with a coconut
blend that will have you daydreaming
you're living on a tropical island it it
also makes a very nice picture for
parties if you have any guests coming
over honestly it's really a great sipper
on a hot day so let's make a Bahama Mama
all right let's get down to it first you
need our handy dandy blender and the
first thing we're going to do is I got a
half a piece of banana I'm going to
throw that in there and I've got some
nice little pineapple not a lot just a
little bit might as well I mean if
you're gonna blend something let's get
some fresh fruit going on in there okay
so then we've got some crushed ice here
pre-crushed and I got about 8 ounces in
a rock glass fold accent of idea and we
got some rum wait Rama 2 3 there's our
ounce and an ounce of coconut rum half
an ounce of banana liqueur and crackin
time to release the Kraken 1/2 ounce of
dark rum then we got our orange juice
and we've got our pineapple juice and we
don't need a lot of pineapple cuz we got
fresh pineapple in there and some
grenadine grenadine gives it the color
what a half ounce or less yeah that's
how sweet you like it right alright
let's blend this thing see what happens
you know what
I think I'd like it a bit a bit redder
so I'm gonna add some more grenadine
just for that color thing yeah that's
what I'm talking about
okay then we need a glass I'm gonna use
my hurricane glass right here that looks
like a an island kind of glass sweet
wonderful is that and then a garnish
which I've pre done because yeah oh it's
a little pineapple wedge and I use the
little stems from the pineapple too it
just kind of gives them a little
heighten he's dining it off looks kind
of pretty doesn't it the Bahama Mama the
blended version okay let's build it get
rid of this stuff here and we need a
glass again I guess we're gonna use this
guy it's gonna have a wonderful little
thing you go yeah that's kind of neat so
we want some ice go her up play hey wait
rum again one ounce coconut rum one
ounce little orange juice some pineapple
juice
and our grenadine but you're just gonna
go down the side and that's gonna kind
of float down there I think I'm gonna
grab a little straw here
just give it a helping hand a little
color thing going on here and we're
gonna float a little bit of cracking on
top and a garnish there you go
Bahama Mama the built version getting
thirsty you know mind if I have a just a
little sip oh that's good
it's really good okay now let's shake it
up first thing we want to do so our
shaker flies the last person here of
course and we want dark rum this was
completely different to only a half an
ounce half I was a coconut and we're
gonna go heavy on our banana look here
this time a whole ounce we have of
course orange juice
the common thread and we have some
pineapple juice
and so grenadine again slap a lid on it
and shake your baby there you have it
Bahama Mama revisit it and we need to
garnish they've got a little banana here
and fresh banana banana chips and a
cherry sweet and of course a straw
that's good I don't know which one I
like better
there's a shake inversion wonderful
wonderful taste and here we have the
blended version put a straw in there for
now and of course the built version
three completely different drinks that
all taste wonderful you choose because
they're gray I don't know which one I
want to try they're all good try one
make one anyway folks be happy be safe
and please drink responsibly thanks for
watching that's good Bahama Mama hey
where's my lady yeah now the parties are
cookin
enjoy a Bahama Mama I'm gonna try this
one too you know why because I can Hey
Bruce here hope you enjoyed that if you
did be sure to like maybe leave a
comment and subscribe in the meantime
check out our shots and shooters series
you