hello and welcome to making things today
we're going to be making this delicious
no carb cheese stick I'm super excited
so there are a couple things you'll need
for this recipe the first thing you want
is some cheese I'm going to use cheese
drings just because they're already cut
up which makes my life much easier three
eggs parmesan Shaker cheese and this is
optional but I'm going to add a couple
of spices to my shaker cheese uh garlic
powder thyme basil and oregano
and that's just to give it a little bit
of extra flavor a little bit of extra
kick make it more Italian now the things
that we will need to actually make this
happen two bowls a plate and a knife a
whisk a tray covered in wax paper for
the actual frying you have two options
you can either use a deep fryer or like
me you can use a deep frying pan and
some oil uh in this case I would suggest
sunflower or canola oil they work the
best so the first thing you want to do
is take your
16 F
15 15 cheese
sticks and cut them in half not to self
put your name on stuff that you don't
want other people to eat all the cheese
strings have been cut in half so now we
can prepare the breading station that
requires absolutely no bread so you're
going to fill one of your bowls with all
three eggs and you whisk the eggs
together so now we're going to take our
other Bowl fill it with with the
parmesan cheese and the spices so with
the amount of cheese I'm frying I'll
probably end up using this entire Shaker
it's 250 g but I don't want to waste any
so I'm going to only add 125 G or half a
cup of cheese to the Bowl right now and
then if SL when I need more I'll add
more so the spices are just kind of at
your own discretion I'm going to add
about a/4 teaspoon of each and I'm going
to put that in with the mozzarella
Shaker cheese garlic powder Rego basil
and all of the time in the world and I'm
just going to use the other side of
my what is this a
knife what to mix it all together so now
you should have four things lined up
your plate of cheese your whisked egg
your parmesan cheese and your wax paper
tray you're going to take your cheese
dip it in the egg so the whole thing is
covered then roll it around in the
parmesan so again the whole whole thing
is covered dip it in the egg again roll
it around in the parmesan again and then
you're going to put it on the wax paper
tray so all of my cheese has been double
dipped now we just need to make them
look a little more presentable and
thereby making them less likely to fall
apart so we're going to take our cheese
and we're just going to roll it between
our hands there we go 30 beautifully
breaded or cheesed cheese sticks now
they just need to go in the freezer for
1 hour uh to help them set and then
they'll be ready for frying all right
welcome to do the frying stage of our
adventure please make sure you have a
lid near you at all times that fits the
pan so that if it catches fire you put
the lid on it turn off the heat and just
wait for the fire to go out don't do
anything else don't try to throw it
somewhere don't dump it down the sink
don't add any water never Add Water cuz
that'll make it spread um and just
please just be really really careful so
that being said let's get started we've
got about this much oil in our frying
pan we have our uh now Frozen mozzarella
sticks laying beside us here we have a
plate covered in paper towel and we have
a slotted spoon uh the slot will help
the oil drain away as you take it out of
the pan now you also want to have a
little ball of bread and this is to test
your oil when you drop this in your oil
what should happen is it should start
sizzling and bubbling and you should be
able to take it out pretty much right
away and get a nice crusty layer on the
outside uh and that's when you know your
oil is hot enough so we're ready to drop
in some of our cheese sticks try
dropping them in as L as possible to
create less of a splash and you want to
make sure you're wearing something that
you're okay with getting ruined Like a
Star Wars apron and then you just want
to make sure you move them around and
that they don't get attached to each
other there it is one beautiful
delicious cheesy
goodness H I can just keep okay there we
go M so good
I highly recommend this please give it a
try yourself let me know how it goes in
the comments subscribe to the channel if
you're interested in more videos like
this one there's two right there if you
want to take a look um like this video
If you enjoyed it and um please come
back soon thank you so much for watching
good night