hello today we're going to be making
fried okra and here are my ingredients I
have some in this bowl right here some
dry chicken my okra fried chicken onion
my order my season up here I'm gonna use
them but not everything and I already
cut and wash the okra and I cut and wash
the onion I'm using tomatoes in these so
thank you
I'll add the vegetable oil
[Music]
[Applause]
mix them and then I'm gonna add the okra
I mean I'm gonna make everything Mary
make sure you keep your Oprah dumb coven
so now I'm just gonna mix it all right
now I'm still okay guys I put a little
bit of baking soda in here right here
just so it can break up into little
pieces because to me and I'm just
staring it again and then I'm gonna put
the cover on it
yep now that you're already cooking you
start to add your seasoning or add a
scoop of garlic
I'm going to add my you season to taste
don't forget that guy
and they're not gonna mix it
[Music]
this one is said some metal flavor
beyond because I wanted to try this one
and then we see the night just leave it
open and let it cook and like for 10
minutes they you add your meat there you
go it's done if you liked this video
don't forget to Like share comment and
subscribe for more video this is the end
and we about to eat this is how I long
sorry so dark
it's done as always peace and