hi I'm Pete with Greenhouse Pest
Management we are Atlanta's true natural
pest control company treating for sfish
that's a that's a that's a big job uh
you know it's just not as simple as as
people expect it to be uh because sfish
will lead to lots of things moisture
issues mil do damage um just a a huge
stock of just paperworks boxes and
things like that so one of the things uh
to treat for them is to understand their
biology and understand their habits and
understand where they're actually Nest
than that uh common things are shingles
you can go outside lift your shingles up
and you just see a huge amount of
silverfish in those shingles and what
happens is that you just have a huge
variety of um silverfish that are coming
out because it's just way overpopulated
over there um other things are just
moisture moisture behind the sheetrock
one of the things that we need to do is
we need to look at uh taking off the
light switch applying a a pesticide dust
in this wall void so when they do come
across it they're picking up that
pesticide that way way before they enter
in also along baseboards getting
underneath the baseboards um anywhere
that they can access into the home
through the sheetrock is going to be the
key uh way of eliminating your problems
some of the easiest ways to get behind
wall voids is to Simply is just going to
be behind uh light plates um they leave
nice little access points to get into
these wall voids right here and what a
dust does a dust will uh spread
throughout this whole entire wallo it's
a real light dust and it's going to lay
down like a nice little film okay uh
most common mistakes that people do is
they grab the dust they they put a pile
on the ground hoping that bugs will come
across it incompletely wrong another way
to help reduce the amount of silver fish
that are coming into the house is
actually using uh pheromone traps they
they do make uh pheromone traps that are
actually just kind of cardboard with the
uh pesticide boric acid in it uh put
those in strategic places bathrooms
above cabinets uh places where kids and
pets cannot reach cuz it is toxic uh so
pheromones are always going to be a a
good key for eliminating them as well