hey guys so today I'm going to show you
how to plant plants and upon a planter
that doesn't have drainage for example
this one doesn't have any sort of
drainage if I were to drill on the
bottom of this and afraid I'm going to
crack it
the planter was fairly expensive so I
don't want to do that this is a lavender
plant we previously had one in here
before but again it didn't have the
proper drainage and the roots are rotted
therefore the plant die to give a proper
drainage we're gonna fill up the bottom
with rocks
I prefer acorns but I don't have any
aprons available right now
so we're just gonna dump the dirt out of
there put it in the bag and then we're
gonna fill the bottom with rocks okay so
what I've done here I filled up my palm
with rocks and I've added a brick in
there instead of having enough rocks I
didn't realize how big this planter was
and as I was pulling on my dirt I
realized how wet my dirt really was we
did have a really raining season and
this planter was sitting outside in the
rain so I'm just gonna mix it up with
some potting soil that I currently have
that it's not wet at all so that way my
plant has a little saving chance so the
next step is just adding the dirt mixing
the dirt adding the dirt and then we're
gonna plant a beautiful lavender so here
you have it I placed the finder on its
original home I planted the lavender
lemon trees are full Sun I will not be
adding any more water since the the dirt
already had enough water in there so I'm
just gonna give it about three more days
and maybe just add just a little bit of
water until that soil that was
originally in there dries up just a
little bit so that's how you add
drainage to a planter that doesn't have
the proper drainage or if you're just
too afraid or you know to damage the
planter you know they're not cheap so
just add acorns or rocks to the bottom
and I will
it's some drainage comment or like my
page thank you hey so there here's
another example of adding drainage to
pretty much anything this fish
originally had bamboo on it a long time
ago and it's just been sitting on a
shelf and my husband got inspired by me
planting the lavender so I just wanted
to share with you guys that you know if
you add rocks to the bottom of any pot
or any container that you have and then
at the soil you pretty much can turn a
container into a pot and your plants
have a very much higher chance of
surviving so I just wanted to share this
beautiful fish with succulent so hope
you guys you enjoyed my video