hey guys I'm Sarah bendrick and I'm here
with my friends at Wayfair and today we
want to show you how to put together a
terrarium you can buy them at the store
but they get a little expensive and it's
super easy to make your
own so the first thing you want to do is
to pick your container you can have a
lot of fun with this it can be a cookie
jar or it can be a fish bowl or
something simple like this glass
container all right so now we can start
building the terrarium there's a couple
different steps drainage is really
important since it's a close system we
really need to get that moisture off of
The Roots the first layer is going to be
sand about half an inch to an inch next
I want to use larger
rocks there we go this looks about right
and add smaller gravel cuz once we put
the next layer I don't want it to fall
[Music]
through all right perfect and it's time
for the activated charcoal basically the
charcoal will help keep fungus and bad
bacteria down we don't want to fungus
Among Us
and now it's time for the
soil all right I'm going to add my
succulents now so I'm going to break up
the roots just a little bit so that
encourages them to spread out instead of
just going in one direction or in a
circle and I'm going to sit it so the
bottom of it sitting on the soil but
it's still raised up about an inch or so
so now I'm going to add gravel around
all the plants instead of adding soil
because moisture control is really
important and there's a lot of air space
between gravel which allows it to dry
out a little bit
quicker I have pretty much all my layers
here and my succulents are nice and
happy now I want to pick out decorative
Pieces Just to toss in here and of
course decorative Moss makes it look
kind of
cool there we
go all you have to do is keep it alive
it's not as hard as it might seem you
just want to make sure that you don't
put too much water or not enough and
since it's clear it's easy to tell if
you ever get water p dling that's way
too much water a good test is if you
stick your finger in and if it's dry
then it's ready for some water well I
hope you guys try this at home it's
super easy and maybe consider having
your friends over and have a planting
party it's kind of cool I would do that