if you are doing some spring cleaning
you may be using a power washer more
people have them to wash down decks
driveways and patios yeah they have
dropped in price but even a low cost
model can have enough power to damage
property or cause serious injury here's
Pat foren with consumer alert Pat Ben
scel knows all too well the dangers of
pressure washers he got a deep cut in
his hand that required seven stitches I
know tools I'm very careful with them I
do my research before I use them any
little slip up can lead to
injury here's the damage a pressure
washer can do to Wood on a deck worse
here's what one can do to a watermelon
that could be your skin Consumer Reports
test pressure washers and says they're
typically sold with a set of
interchangeable colored nozzles or a
wand tip that adjusts to different
settings depending on the job you can
choose a spray at various angles this is
25° this is 15 and this is the most
power powerful 0° we're particularly
concerned about the 0 de nozzle because
it concentrates all of that power and
pressure into a single pinpoint blast
it's typically a red nozzle and here's
what the0 degre setting does to a
heavyduty work boot and this is what it
does to a carrot researchers are no
longer recommending any pressure washers
that come with nozzles or adjustable
wand tips that produce sprays of less
than
15° if you already own a pressure washer
we recommend that you get rid of the red
0 Dee nozzle and if you have a spray tip
with a 0 de setting don't use it no
matter which type of spray nozzle you
are using wear safety goggles and
protective shoes and never point it at a
person or pet testers say pressure
washers for consumers shouldn't have the
Zer degre setting but companies say they
can be used safely and are necessary for
tough jobs and for reaching longer
distances on your side I'm Pat foren