pesto grilled corn with parm Italian
Street corn whatever it is you've got to
make this this ladies and gentlemen is
an ear of corn we're gonna do what I
will call Italian Street corn we're
gonna start by doing this look when you
grill corn I hate this stuff
cling-wrap they should call it cling too
much rap when you grill an ear of corn
and you get it to the point where it's
soft and it's ready to be that it could
take a half an hour on a grill if you
can speed that up by doing this putting
it in the microwave for five minutes and
at the end of the five minutes we take
it out we go to the grill grills hots
the corn is done we gotta get it out and
it's is hot look at the steam but now at
least it's soft enough after five
minutes to out get on the grill and now
we want some color we need to still
soften it up a little bit more so we use
a little avocado spray now it's on the
magic happen so you see marks starting
to appear right now it's out here it's
soft it's taking on color it's doing its
thing so check it out ah the color is so
gorgeous look at it I say it all the
time this the color the little burn
spots that is just super amounts of
flavor that you want but now we're gonna
amp it up a little bit now comes the
Italian Street corn part of it pesto so
now expect that there's gonna be because
of the oil in this and the everything
that there's gonna be a little bit of
smoke that's gonna happen but that's
gonna be okay we want to like caramelize
we want to kind of burn these flavors in
just a little bit in a really positive
sort of way
[Music]
to see that dot is flavor ladies and
gentlemen you cannot deny it
Wow oh boy it's missing two things the
first one is a little kosher salt how
gorgeous is that so great so great so
great so great okay here we go
we're gonna put the corn on there and
the final thing that it's gonna get some
Parmesan cheese whole come on look at
that it's gorgeous it's perfectly cooked
and it's freaking delicious oh my god
Italian Street corn pesto grilled corn
with parm whatever it is you got to make
this