hi Jeff here with max again today today
we're going to talk about something that
might seem a little overwhelming but
I've got a great little hack for you to
make this simple I'm talking about
installing crown molding
so in this environment we're working in
this basement we had some mechanical
runs we've built some boxes we only
needed two so we designed this whole
shape so I've got an elevated ceiling
now in the hallway so the way we're
going to finish it we didn't tape it
because we're going to put crown molding
from corner to corner close all this off
and this is really kind of simple what
we want to do is measure of course the
inside length of this box 67 in the
corner now again it's very similar to
doing baseboard
you're going to have tape joints you can
have things moving around go a little
bit smaller use shims on the backside to
close up the gaps and then you can
the rest to finish he'll always have a
nice finish if you your gap versus
trying to force things in okay so as
soon as you start forcing things
together that don't quite fit your
lineman is going to be off it's going to
look ugly so leave a little extra space
it's good for you now six to seven and a
quarter that's where men are our first
measurement I'm going to show you how to
install this I got the cheek for you so
the material reason today is a finger
joint pine pre-painted very simple line
not colonial it's very modern and we're
not trying to draw attention to the
style of the molding but we just want to
have that if you can see that up at the
ceiling there's the visual that it's
going to get nice and simple scoop and
addresses it up alright so before I get
into the cheat we have to cut our
measurement measure once and then read
the measurement twice okay watch
yourself there pencil line and when I'm
doing this because it has a weird shape
you know generally you do enough work on
a saw you know where your boy is going
to cut just leave a little itself a
little open
to a first cut make as many adjustments
as you need until you hit that spot bang
on okay because you don't want to get
this wrong now the world of miter saws
it has the ability to fold over and cut
in different directions when you're
doing a crown molding traditionally you
have to do a double compound miter you
have to adjust this table angle and the
saw blade angle there's a chart you can
use that chart to do all that or and go
to the store and you can get a 95%
quality job as a homeowner using one of
these og cuts okay simple it's listed to
your interior exterior cuts this is the
top you simply put that on the saw place
your material into that guide up against
this here that sets it at 45 degrees
this is the ceiling so the the top of
this is gonna be like an inside cut set
the side of 45 in the same way we are
cutting the ink length alright because
now this is perpendicular and that's
where the angle should start so I can
start my saw
and I can just creep along like that
until I find that perfect spot
son same thing switch to the other side
okay I gotta come over here cuz I'm
right in and if it helps it all you can
put a little pencil mark for that corner
is when you're finished just inspect so
you see here that didn't go right to the
corner there's a little flat spot there
so you want to actually put that back on
the saw and just trim off a little bit
of a hair again make sure you're holding
this nice and tight to the fence holding
the press the wood types of the guide so
you get your angle right there we go now
the reason this is a ninety percent
solution is because this plastic guide
isn't going to work perfect for you but
for the average homeowner this is going
to save you a lot of time and money this
piece of wood fits and then we didn't
cut it too long and I push a left and
right and plus or minus an eighth of an
inch all right now let mistake a lot of
people make is they'll stick this up
here they'll roll it around oh that
looks good it's perfect they'll nail it
in but what you want to do is take a
short off cut piece with the same cut on
the other side and put it up against the
ceiling look at that that is not how you
want to do this so what you do is you
roll that piece of wood slide that one
in and now that's the place where you
want it
brace that one lose that piece of help
mark your line I remember you haven't
cocked or painted yet so this isn't
going to hurt I'm not worried about
what's going on at the other end I'm
just going to get this end fashioned
first so I'm going to take that down now
generally speaking when I'm doing crown
molding I love to have my teenage sons
help me because they're tall and they
don't need a ladder but it's nice to
have someone holding things in place for
you if you don't have that luxury
what we need to do and I see this all
the time honestly the reason that pencil
mark this is so that I can put my
decocking on the wall and on the ceiling
in advance I some of the years you get
calls people all the never the crown
moldings cracking it's all falling apart
and what you find is guys cheat they
come up here they nail it all together
with little Brad nails they don't use an
adhesive they use a surface cocking line
here to finish it all off and they use
the kind of cocking that doesn't have
any elastomeric property at all which
means it doesn't expand and contract so
the woods moving around but the caulking
isn't and there's not enough there to
bond it to the surface so what I like to
do I like to put some caulking and just
decide those two pencil lines okay and
if I put too much that's fine we're
going to move it out of the way we
haven't painted yet anyway now I'm going
to place this right on that sweet spot
between those two pencil lines and then
I'm going to pull up my nail gun
generally speaking I don't have anything
to nail this to there's no wood anywhere
I'm going so I'm going on that angle and
I'm going on that angle that'll hold it
okay now it's in place we got to move a
little quick here so now I'm going to
take this piece I'm going to the same
thing in this corner as I did in the
other one and I'm going to roll this
around till I find that happy spot which
is right here and I'm going to pencil
mark it as well great and I'm going to
open this up a little bit
[Music]
again same tip here don't press too hard
with your gun try not to make too much
of a dent all right and then just make
sure that your stay in your lines if you
go out of your lines your next piece is
gonna look ugly pull the cocking along
the same rate that is coming out give or
take
all right I prefer the dry finger
technique instead of the wet this is
silicon eyes cocking and I don't want to
look home to my system it's not healthy
for you all right there we go you can
see that finishes off really nicely note
do not use caulking to fill your nail
holes it'll shrink and it'll show
something fierce you want to use
something on here like a like a dried X
product or even like a drywall compound
something you can swipe in leave a
little bit extra there and then use a
sanding sponge to take off later when
you paint this you want that to look
like the surface and never been
blemished if you use cocking it'll
shrink and dry out and then you'll have
little dents everywhere and with a
little light works on the room and the
way this is curved it is doing the
scream at you someone did it themselves
so here's how we want to do this we want
to measure on the next piece right to
the wall and behind the trim in the
corner okay over to the other wall and
if you can pick that up on the tape it
says 46 and 5/8 now I know from
experience that's going to be a little
bit tight so we're going to go 46 and a
half just take a little bit off so that
it's going to fit nice again we'll go to
the saw cut both angles in advance and
we'll come back and set it on
[Music]
again holding everything nice and tight
now here's the trick I don't know if
I've ever mentioned when you're using
movie sauce I always get the blade
running before you go into the meat get
your maximum rpms up before you start
cutting you'll extend the life of your
blade and it won't start burning so much
15 we just want to make sure that I get
this corner here I've rolled roughly in
the right direction here and then over
here we want to line this one up again
this is what I'm talking about it's the
90% solution alright this is why I love
this when you're buying a wood crown
moment every one of these pieces that
goes to the mill it's going to be a
slightly different I don't know why it
drives you crazy but the width the curve
the thickness at the ends the details
every single piece is just a little bit
different and it has something to do
with the amount of wood it takes to cut
this out it's just the way it is no
matter how meticulous you are about
lining up your corners there's going to
be a problem so get them as close as you
can and then you're just going to have
to be really good with your cocking so
here I'm going to demonstrate my point
here's the piece I've cut to install
here alright and I line this up and my
legs not bad it's close here's the piece
we cut as our template
much better still not perfect same saw
same tool same corner different piece of
crown never going to be perfect
[Music]
that's the gun cocking business nari
[Music]
yeah very important if you having a
misalignment issue you can maybe force
it together a little bit by pressing
that corner in and rolling it down if
that helps
I just told you earlier there's not a
lot of wood up here to be nailing into
so an extra couple of nails might be
enough to help close up a little bit
tighter fighter this is where being up
in your and guns gonna come in
handy I'm just going to clean up our
excess here
[Music]
I'm not sure how that looks on the
camera but to me it looks not bad now I
want to come back again here tomorrow
and check it again because like I said
this stuff will shrink so give it 24
hours come back and check it again don't
be in a hurry to paint this let it dry
overnight come back do another Filipina
too here's the rule in construction
generally speaking if you can see the
effect from six feet away from it then
it's a defect if you can't then it's
wonderful so we're not really in the
business of making these perfect for the
make business of making things look good
enough from a certain distance call me
crazy but that is going to look
fantastic from your distance a few more
coats fill the gaps paint it up
beautiful great sheet saves a ton of
time you don't have to hire a carpenter
you can crown molding your home house to
make it look absolutely gorgeous for
just a few hundred bucks oh yeah
if you liked this video and subscribe to
our channel we got a lot of great things
coming up or hit the like button I like
to know that you like it then no matter
what kind of videos to give you in the
future
[Music]
if you're enjoying these videos
subscribe to the channel hit the like
button but most importantly comment on
their videos by all means or a
suggestion of video you'd like to see
let us know we'd love to be in touch