hi everyone Henry here with my Auto
Detail and today we're down here in this
beautiful lovely parking garage and a
customer of mine called me up saying he
had some water damage or mineral spots
on his car so I came down here I
assessed the damage and this is what I'm
doing so this side over here I sanded
down with 2,000 grit and this is what it
looks like this is really caked on he
tried removing it with polish wouldn't
come off so now I'm here trying to fix
it
now there was this same spot like this
all across there and my process is start
with the least aggressive procedures so
I washed it I clade it that was the
first step I saw that the clay wasn't
taking it off so then I moved up and
stepped up the game - I used an acid a
wheeeeel acid it was removing it but
very slowly so my next step is to sand
it down and my procedure of sanding it
down is start off with 3,000 see how
that works step it up to 25,000 I'm
sorry about 2500 and then two thousand
and two thousand is removing it at a
great speed and it's doing a great job
so I'm going to take this up and I tape
it up because I don't want to risk
sending any other area that's not
damaged so it reduces work for me and
we'll be right back and let me take this
up and you'll see what I'm talking about
okay guys so I'm back and I've taped off
the area where I'm going to working and
like I said in the earlier I do this
because I only want to send in this area
right here I don't want to go around and
make my work more more harder for myself
you know trying to polish out a wider
area when I could just concentrate on
that right there and the same thing goes
for this so I'm going to sand this down
with the 2,000 grit
[Music]
so I didn't come prepared today and I
had a glow I had to run down to Pep Boys
and pick up this this longer sheet of
sandpaper it's the ones I use are about
quarter the size of these so I just fold
it up and just use you know workable
areas smaller areas I mean so I'm going
to stand this down and you guys will see
so the next step I'll be back so hey
guys real quick my little procedure is
to wet down the area and then start
sanding it in one direction and then hit
it in another direction so that you're
eliminating some of those Peaks so that
when it comes down to polish it just
becomes a little bit more easier for you
so I'm going to finish this up real
quick and I'll get to the polishing
right after okay guys so this is how it
looks now
I haven't polished this yet but this is
after 2,000 grit sandpaper and again
I taped it off just to confine the
damage to that area right there can't
stress that enough because if you make a
bigger area sanding it it's just
creating more work for you so you want
to work smarter not harder
so I'm going to sand this down with a
3,000 grit and then polish it with a
heavy duty compound and then polish it
again with a light polish so I'm also
going to remove this little piece of
minerals right here on the plastic I'm
not sure how I'm going to do that I'm
going to figure that out right now so
I'll be right back
so hey guys real quick I want to see I
want to show you guys the difference
between a 3000 grit sanding marks
sanding marks and a 2,000 grit sanding
marks so you see the drastic color
change between them and there you see
that's more of a wider haze in this so
there's a lot more finer this is ready
to be polished
and I'm using a mercury sandpaper on my
roof is 21 and these are great I found
out at Pep Boys they're freaking awesome
I love the sponge it has on there
becomes like a sort of interface between
that so these are read great I like them
I had no idea pep boys carry them so
awesome
and I'm going to finish this up and you
guys will see the final results okay
guys it's a little recap I'm achieving
great results with the steps that I've
done so far and on the trim right here I
use some mineral spirits to clean up
some of this trim I used a little bit of
it just because I didn't know how it
would react with the plastic if it
melted or not but it did a great job of
removing it so going back to the paint
now this over here is standard with 3000
and let me see if I get a light in here
somewhere
that's where that watermark was and I'm
using a McGuire's microfiber cutting
disc with good oft 400 and I'm thinking
I'm not going to need a polishing last
polishing step so stay tuned and you'll
see the final results okay everybody
these are the final results of my
profits and I had also some watermark
damage going down all the way in this
Ridge right here I also had a wet sanded
and then polish it
I actually polished that by hand just
because I couldn't get the polish into
that tiny groove but I got great results
this is where the most of the damage was
right along this area and you see let me
get a good reflection
so I sanded it down and I redid remove
some orange peel but the important thing
is I remove those mineral deposits on
there and I did the whole roof just
because I didn't want that one area
right there to be just polished and then
this area to be kind of crappy so I went
ahead and did a final polish on this
whole area and again I cleaned up the
rim with mineral spirits I didn't use a
lot of it it did remove it did a great
job of removing it so now to recap these
are the products I used I taped off the
area I use the 3m tape just because this
tape is really smooth and it won't peel
off as much the adhesive on this is
great it it will tend to sometimes grab
hold of the microfiber pad but I've
tried many tapes and this is my favorite
tape by far and then I used two thousand
grit sandpaper followed with murca 3000
grit and followed that up with a FG 400
and a microfiber cutting disc McGuire's
I then used essence and followed that up
with sorry about that
with the Maguire's finishing microfiber
disc I topped it off with reload just
because I like that combo it's a great
combo I use deionized water throughout
the process of sanding and regular
workhorse microfiber towel so those are
the products I use I use these products
because these are my go to products I
know these get the job done I'm not out
there testing wasting time wasting money
so these are the products I use if you
guys use other products that's great my
thing is the end result people really
don't care what products they use they
just want it clean shiny that's it
that's what gets the the bills paid so
you guys use other products again great
these are the products I use if you guys
have any other questions please leave
them below or message me on my Facebook
Instagram and on my website at m1 Auto
Detail comm thanks again for watching
and take it easy