you
so today I'm going to show you how we
make a really easy chicken salad we love
to buy the roasted chickens from Costco
we can usually get three or four meals
out of one chicken and so we usually
pick up at least one chicken a week last
night we took it out of the container
put it in this baking dish baked it in
the oven and had delicious baked chicken
for dinner but today we're going to take
the breast meat and make a chicken salad
so I've sliced off the breast meat and
now I'm going to cut it into small
chunks and I have about two cups of this
well-packed cups of this chopped up
breast meat I've already put one cup
over here in my bowl but I am trying to
measure so I can keep track of this so
I've already got one cup in the bowl and
now I'm going to add another cup at the
top breast meat so I've added two boiled
eggs to my bowl and we like our boiled
eggs mashed up in our salad some people
would like it chopped so I'm going to
just mash these up real quick then I
have to finely mashed and then I'm going
to add some mayonnaise I'm going to
probably add now a couple of heaping
tablespoons mayonnaise we'll start out
with that and I kind of like to mash it
into my chicken
so I've mashed my mayonnaise into my
chicken and mixed it up with the egg and
now I'm going to add just a little bit
of Lowry's seasoned salt I like flowers
about it probably less than 1/4 teaspoon
there's no MSG and Lowery's and we're
going to grind it a little fresh pepper
this makes four servings for us and I
have a half a cup of chopped onion and I
have about 3/4 of a cup of diced celery
half a cup to 3/4 of a cup because
you're looking we're looking to have a
meal that's low carb and very little
sugar in it because we're following a
healthy eating plan with us trying to
lose your pants so I'm going to mix that
up
I think it's spoon might be this is what
we often have for lunch and now the way
we're going to eat this today sometimes
we roll it up in a high fiber tortilla
but today we're just going to serve this
on a bed of spring mix and this is going
to be a nice healthy low low carb low
sugar lunch for us so this lunch right
here has 4 grams of carbohydrate and 1.7
grams of sugar
a nutritious healthy life