hi welcome to another video tutorial
brought to you by learn how to screen
print calm in today's video we are going
to demonstrate and walk you through the
steps of heat pressing a t-shirt with
vinyl we're going to go ahead and walk
you through the steps from creating the
artwork in Adobe Illustrator outputting
to a vinyl plotter we are using a roland
gx-24 we're going to show you how to
weed the vinyl and press it onto the
t-shirts so let's go ahead and move over
to Adobe Illustrator and get started
alright so we are going to be using
Adobe Illustrator to create our artwork
Adobe Illustrator is a vector-based
program that will let you scale your
artwork and resize it without losing the
resolution or the crispness to output
the artwork to the vinyl plotter we are
going to be using roland cut studio we
have a small window open here that is a
plugin plugin excuse me that works with
Adobe Illustrator that was provided to
us by rollin with the roland gx-24 that
we are going to be using so let's go
ahead and get started the word star here
as you can see it is not showing in the
cut studio plug-in so we are going to go
over to type and create outlines and now
if you take a look back over here the
word star is showing up in the cut
studio plug-in and so we're just going
to go ahead and get started and yeah
begin outputting this so click on the R
and as you can see the cut studio
plug-in will open up and I wanted to
show you something the word star okay if
we begin just outputting this right now
and to the vinyl when we heat press that
on there it would be backwards so you
want to want it inter let's select it
here I'm going to select all the words
the object mirror okay look we miss
something there we missed the part
inside our okay go back up to object and
mirror so now when we begin cutting the
design it will actually show reading
right side up on the t-shirt you always
want to do this with your designs if
they are you know there's a correct way
I'm a star you know it's going to look
the exact same way whether it's mirrored
or not so once we have all everything
correct we're going to go ahead and send
this to the cutter click cutting
properties we're going to get the
properties from the machine okay as you
can see the width change to 3/16 point
four millimeters that's the correct size
of our vinyl and we're going to go ahead
and click OK click OK again and this
will send it over to the vinyl plotter
and begin plotting the vinyl so let's go
ahead and move on over there and take a
look
alright so the design is now cut into
their plotted we're going to go ahead
and raise the roller heads there pull
the vinyl out a little bit lower them
and then cut the design off there after
the roll
alright so let's go ahead and move over
to the table and I'll show you how to
weed the design out alright so we need
to weed away is what they call it all
the excess vinyl that way only our
design is left what's going to be heat
pressed onto the t-shirt for example
here's one I weeded earlier we're going
to heat press this onto an apron here in
a second so we have a tool here so
weeding tool this will let you pick up
some of the vinyl and begin weeding it
all right so now we're ready to go ahead
and heat press this on to the t-shirt
I'm going to cut some of the excess
carrier sheet off here and move on over
to the heat press alright so we're going
to go ahead and throw our t-shirt here
on the gorge night clamshell press this
clamshell man it opens up pretty wide
that way you're not you know burning
yourself or on the platen there and you
want to make sure that you pre press the
garment this will make sure all the
moisture is out of the garment before
you press the vinyl on there if you
don't pre press and then you know you
press the vinyl on there sometimes you
will lose adhesion and the vinyl will
kind of come off a little bit
prematurely so yeah definitely make sure
you do a pre press and you just have you
know check with your specific vinyl to
get the time and the temperature there
we go all right
so go ahead and put the design down
alright so we you know we have good
placement there Center dome shirt
definitely want to make sure that you
use the Teflon coating covering sheet
when you heat press it this will make
sure that you're not burning the
garments we have the correct temperature
set for the thermo flex plus it is 330
to 335 degrees for 17 to 20 seconds and
a medium to firm even pressure so let's
go ahead and press this shirt we have a
timer on here and the George Knight
clamshell it will automatically pop up
you know if I'm over there weeding some
more vinyl
I don't have to worry about hovering
over this making sure that I raise it in
the correct time it's a great feature
you know like I said it will save you
some time there we go all right so this
is a hot peel so I'm going to go ahead
and peel the cover sheet off it is a hot
peel and as you can see the vinyl is
heat press onto the t-shirt and okay
it's a great way to do you know low
numbers of orders if you have somebody
comes in just once one color shirt you
know and one t-shirt rather than screen
print I would just use some vinyl and
heat press it on there alright thank you
for watching the screen printing
tutorial brought to you by learn how to
screen print comm for more screen
printing tips and tutorials visit our
website learn how to screen print calm
until next time happy
you