setting everybody your boy big Brando
I've been getting a lot of questions
about doing a start to finish complete
job on cutting vinyl to pressing vinyl
onto a t-shirt showing the finished
product there's a handful of people out
there that are kind of undecided about
getting a vinyl cutter or had questions
about the silhouette cameo 3 which is
the vinyl cutter that I use so I'm gonna
do a little step-by-step process on how
to cut the vinyl how to heat press it
and show the finished product here we go
guys you start from the beginning here
let's just bring in our image so what I
do is I create the images in Photoshop
save them as PNG s that way so there's
no background that's a transparent
background here is one of my leftover
designs I have my page here set up to
twelve by twelve this design is a little
under twelve inches so it fits perfect
the first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna trace this thing you got to draw a
box around everywhere that you want it
to trace and then usually what I do you
don't have to do it this way but this is
a easy way for me to do it is take off
the high-pass filter as you can see you
want everything to be yellow everything
that's yellow is gonna get cut out and
then I'll take down the scale down here
to as low as I can go
everything looks fairly sharp I'll bump
up the threshold to 46% this looks good
what you're gonna do is go up here to
trace now it's all traced ready to go so
here's the original and then here's the
traced image you might not be able to
see it on the camera sorry about that
but just delete that out of there now
what you're gonna want to do is flip
this you're gonna want to mirror it so
it's gonna have to be flipped backwards
because when it cuts it out on the vinyl
it's gonna cut it out and then from the
backing you're gonna put it down onto
your t-shirt and print it out so when
you're doing heat transfer vinyl make
sure that you flip your image
this way you just right-click or
control-click and then flip horizontal
so now we just flipped it backwards it's
gonna cut it backwards but then when we
press it onto the shirt it's gonna be
right side up and so from here we're
gonna go to cutting so this is the cut
settings you're gonna want to select
your tool what kind of paper you're
gonna be cutting [ __ ] like that so they
have a lot of presets on here we're just
gonna go down to I think it's called
heat transfer material so the one I use
is heat transfer material smooth click
that click tool one because the Cameo 3
has two tools - cutting tools I'm gonna
choose tool one and then I'm gonna set
that to the automatic blade now it's
ready to go
so my designs traced out vectored ready
to go I flipped it horizontal I told the
Cameo which tools to use and what kind
of material I'm gonna be cutting so now
let's load up the Cameo alright so the
heat transfer vinyl that I use is the
thermal flex plus so here it is there's
two sides to it there's a shiny glossy
side and then there's a dull side the
dull side is the size you want cut so
I'm cutting a 15-inch roll here so what
you do want to be mindful for when
you're doing 15-inch pieces of vinyl is
that there's two screws right here so
you want to make sure when you feed it
in here cause if you're doing a regular
12-inch roll it'll line up to this
little line and it'll feed through here
right so this is 15 inch roll we're not
gonna go by these little lines what
we're gonna do is Center it be mindful
of the screw right here and the screw
right there and then once you have it in
there I'm just gonna press load
all right so let's pan over here to the
computer now that everything's loaded up
and we're gonna send it to the Cameo
start camera understand suggesting the
blade
[Music]
[Music]
now it's them it's a pen
I now let's get into the weeding process
tools I use is a little picker sometimes
I use the exacto knife easiest way to go
about doing it is kind of just peeling
up the corner I guess and then going
from there
[Music]
like I said this is the most painful
process of doing final so this is what
it looked like backwards upside down
when we cut it and then this is what it
looks like or what its gonna look like
on the t-shirt so let's step aside it
was up just covered in vinyl we we did
it all out that's why we cut it
backwards so this is the way it fed into
the cutter it cut it out backwards
because it's gonna get pressed this way
so there it is this is gonna be a back
hit on a t-shirt let's move on over to
the heat press
[Music]
I so now that you know how to do it I
don't know if this will make your
decision a little easier on buying a
vinyl cutter you don't have to get the
silhouette cameo 3 like the one I have
us cutter rolling there's a ton of
different vinyl cutters that you can get
out there I use the cameo 3 because I
mean it fits my workspace and I don't
need the big 24-inch cutter like I used
to have this right here we'll take the
15 inch rolls it'll cut it down by 12
but it still fits the same rolls and
like I said I think things like 200
bucks or something like that so it fits
my budget really easy to use and for my
operation it works perfect so I hope
this helps some people out or everybody
that's been emailing me and asking me to
do this video the start to finish vinyl
cutting process hopefully this video
helped you guys out if not you know so
be it but this is for everybody that
just wanted to know more about vinyl
heat transfer as opposed the plastics
all heat transfers that I always talk
about so if you guys got any more
questions make sure you email me big
Brando and gmail.com or you could leave
a comment down below do whatever you
want
followup with all the social media eat
leftovers and big brand oh there you
have it catch you guys on next one yeah
[Music]