hey food Jax what's going on guys all
right so here's the deal we got more
barbecue more grilling and more smoking
videos coming I promise you that I'm
gonna be reviewing that flame boss
device that controls the temperature of
your kamat oh it's gonna be awesome
and back in the holidays I had a food
saver machine and I never reviewed it
and we put it away for the holidays we
just found it don't even ask me how this
all happened
it's not even close to I mean when I was
like 6 months ago but I apologize for
not reviewing it and that's coming soon
I promise you what else
gosh so much but right now we got our
our low-carb hamburger buns that we did
in the last video now I gotta make some
hamburger meat so come on in close and
I'll show you what we're doing today so
we're going to grind up this Chuck pot
roast we're gonna be using the
KitchenAid meat grinder attachment I'm
gonna add a little sage a little oregano
and I'm even gonna mix it in with some
pork in a little bit so I'll show you
all that this is your plunger to get the
meat in there I will probably have to
anyway here's the KitchenAid attachment
and you can change the you can undo it
and change the these plates oh there's
your KitchenAid attachment right there
yeah a little a little indentation here
there's a screw bit here that screws
into there it all lines up perfectly
guys trust me get that in there
tighten this that's it it's attached now
let me read about these they take these
off I'm gonna show you what happens what
does this look like this unscrews it
looks like you have one these are two
different things you can use all right
so now I'm gonna go wash this off and
then we'll bring it right back and prep
our food as you can see I'm using my
little stripper device that's all the
sage and now I'm gonna do the oregano
that gets all the oregano off there
okay now I'm cutting up my meat into
small pieces just cube your meat about
like that I've never used the machine
before so I don't want to jam it up
so just take strips your meat and just
just cut them into large cubes okay so
this is going on speed for ah it's
working all right so I'll you put a
little meat in
now I'm gonna press it down
[Applause]
the water's coming out too
oh wow that's super easy you've got to
be kidding me right
I'm gonna add a little seasoning in this
one I'm gonna push it down see what
happens you'll see seasoning come out in
a minute
[Applause]
and that's it look at that I'm taking it
up a notch that's right I am putting in
two pounds of sausage pork sausage right
there and look at this is a jar red
pepper flakes smoked paprika get that in
there now we're gonna mix it all up
now that I've added the sausage and
extra seasoning everything I want we're
putting it in one more time putting it
in like this and we're double grinding
it it'll take a minute to see the
results but give it a second
look at that that was effortlessly
literally I had no pushing needed just
gently press down and it ground it up
did it twice took no time but I'm not
eating yet so this video is not over
time to make some patties alright guys
so I got two layers of burgers I'm gonna
pop them in the fridge a little bit let
them solidify so they don't fall apart
on the grill I've never made burgers
fresh like this before ever here's the
patties just pull them out hold okay got
my weber genesis all fired up got the
grill log clean nice and hot
alright let's get them on now remember
these got fat in them from the sausage
too so you want to make sure yeah you
know sizzle
wanna make sure you're ready for a
little flare-up in case the pork is in
it drip us and grease look at that right
nice
okay the one thing I noticed on these
patties is how plump they still are
they're moist or plump let's get it
plated this is gonna be amazing I can't
wait here it is guys fresh ground beef
mixed with sausage mix would love on the
KitchenAid attachment for the meat
grinder and it's on the buns look at
this two grams that doesn't look like an
amazing burger I don't know what does
each one of these hamburger buns are two
grams each there we go alright we're
gonna give those a try mmm I'll have the
seasoning blend down below the meat is
moist it's tender normally when I cook
burgers they dry up and this one isn't
like that it's almost like a steak
because it was a steak so there you go
make the low carb buns from the last
video ground your own meat with the
attachment of KitchenAid from this video
and I'll see you on the next video