[Music]
welcome back to my freezing-cold
workshop now first thing today is an
apology because I've not posted any new
videos for a couple of weeks and that's
because I've been a bit busy a lot of
the fun I've been making those
photograph picture wooden frame things
about local orders for them about to get
ready in time for Christmas and oh yeah
I got a PlayStation 4 so I've been
playing that quite a lot when I
shouldn't work in so sorry but I'm so
going to get a change so I've got a lot
of projects in the pipeline I'm gonna
crack on with them I would put them out
a lot more frequently now few other
things I've been doing yeah is this
thing the mega burst of light which
still doesn't bloody work what I thought
I've been doing pin bending records
records a power bank one and anything
else Christmas trees any one Christmas
tree thought up anyway today's project
is going to be an insect hotel so
without further ado what crash they are
[Music]
actually so-called my blues frozen
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so here we go one insect hooks out as
simple as that as always if you liked
this project please hit the like button
down there you want to subscribe to the
channel subscribe but the subscribe
button down there I'm selling all this
gear on my Etsy shop as well so I'll put
a link to that please go and check it
out as well some nice stuff there
otherwise see the next video
[Music]