[Music]
all right guys now again we're going to
go over another tack to off of that
sprawl and that Turtle control all right
and we can transition into the truck
position now from the truck we have a
lot of variations the one we're going to
do today is the Banana Split
okay so uh so I'm going to start from
engaging the back now it's BR Bor to
keep in mind that it's best to start
this one I already have a hook in
probably I'm going for the back I'm
trying to roll but he's a very large
opponent I can't get him down so now
let's just move at this angle
here I am going to face behind my
opponent and bring my leg over I as I
face my I face this way two hands engage
each foot and I sit down now if my
opponent stays here I do have a
submission
here okay now if most likely he's going
to roll with it because it is painful
I'm going to catch the hooking leg like
so into a what's called a lock down now
my target now is going to be this leg
here it's very important guys that when
I grab the leg I do not expose my elbow
because there is an arm right there so
it's very dangerous to make sure the
elbow is not between the legs I'm going
to engage the leg I can do uh some I've
seen some grips here this this finger
grip here the Gable grip or hug in the
legs we're going to a choke as long as
the elbow not exposed like I said that's
just that's the most important thing now
I'm just go for the submission here I'm
just do a basic Gable grip I'm going to
stretch the legs out on this direction
as I pull with my body this leg in the
opposite direction
here okay let's do it
again I have a hook in trying to take
the back it's not working I turn around
I hook two hands engage his foot and I
pull back and I roll my opponent and I
catch the leg at the same time I
immedately enges leg here Gable grip and
I'm going to stretch and Pull and that
is your truck position and so what's
called a banana split
[Music]