yeah beef wellington who's pumped you
guys are joining this content don't get
that like this content here also click
on the bell be a part of the
notification yeah let me show you how
easy it is to make a beef wellington
don't blink I start off with a puff
pastry two cups of flour going in half a
teaspoon of salt I got one cup of cold
water here which I'm just gonna grade in
butter makes the pastry more puffy and
delicious if you guys love eating pop
pastry you guys are eating a stick of
butter I'm gonna break this into the
flour here
I'm gonna go in with half a cup of cold
water
nothing too I'm just gonna fold this in
until it comes a nice soft dough I
always look for a nice soft dough when
you're making puff pastry once you got
it nice and form like this into the
fridge for 20 minutes next yup you
guessed it another cup of butter going
in to this pan here we got to make a
butter patty sounds crazy right but it's
delicious pound this butter down into a
patty throw in 2 tbsp of flour and what
we're looking for is a pliable butter
patty throw this in the fridge for 20
minutes as well as we wait let's make
our duck soul or our mushroom patty a
mini bells here 4 cloves of garlic going
in got my mushroom nice and blended I'm
gonna transfer this into my bowl here
do this 1/2 a teaspoon of poultry
seasoning pepper and salt do this pan a
little bit of butter then my mushroom
mixture or mushroom pate and I cook this
down until it dries out what do you
minutes up time to fuse this so we got
our buttery dough we got our buttery
pates here just gonna roll this out and
I take this butter here flour it again
knee this out as well so we're gonna
take our butter patty put it on top of
our buttery dough are we going to do
fold it over
yeah it's fold it and we're gonna roll
it over shout out to all the Baker's out
there still looking for my Baker wife
so I'm just gonna keep folding and
rolling I'm gonna do my last fold and
we're gonna
in the fridge for another 20 minutes
time for the main event so we got our
beef tenderloin here take your paper
towel it off clean out as much be sweat
as possible once you got that nice and
padded out all we're gonna do take our
hands our beautiful clean hand we're
gonna separate the chain from the filet
take my knife run along that chain now
we're not gonna throw this out we're
gonna keep this and maybe maybe I'll buy
a mixer or a meat grinder and grind up
some burgers next I'll pull up the head
this part right here is the head we can
separate it as well slice it down
next part of the beef tenderloin we got
the silver skin so I'm gonna just dig my
knife right into that cut off a slip
nothing guys let's take my knife under
it make sure you get a real sharp knife
we're just gonna fillet this yeah yeah
rip all that silver skin there
don't goof guys develop a lot of meat I
know something you guys are cringing on
that right now I apologize I'm not a
butcher so in the back here we'll just
not carve off any fat just excess fat
and there's bits of shards of bones on
the hair too so guys please be aware of
that so this is the part where it
connects to the rib here and there
sometimes shards of boom
once you got that nice and clean and
trim polygon view now fine I think part
right here I'm gonna cut off my beef
filet or shuttle brain well there it is
this is your beef filet or chaperon I
think this is a Chateaubriand this part
is a shuttle bring on want to take this
piece and I'm just gonna cut some
medallions or please so we got a nice
filet there chop up some medallions
this whole tenderloin I got one
Chateaubriand one two three
probably twelve pieces of beef medallion
I got the chain here which I'm gonna
make into burgers I think I will get a
meat grinder so I think I'll be filet
I'm just gonna heavy coat this with salt
pepper olive oil got beef filet I'm
searing it out
so I'm searing this for about 15 seconds
on each side time to assemble so we got
our puff pastry dough here all I'm gonna
do I don't need it all I'll just use
some for later maybe I do
mini medallions puff pastry neck so I
just need half of this so cry chocolate
another successful chop you guys don't
believe me come by bottom our surface
and all we're doing rolling this out
into a square once I get this row belt
into a circle so sorry shout-out to Chef
Ramsay for showing me this way that's
all we're doing
take out the choux dough and we're gonna
layer it
yes we take our mushroom pate I'm just
Pat it on I got some regular mustard
here I want to spice things up a bit
with some horseradish in as well give it
a good stir and brush it off some people
may be like Juan you should have used
English muffin or not English muffin I'm
only thinking English mustard and I'll
say I can't find any transfer this right
into the middle here just like the sushi
roll I'm gonna roll this up tuck in the
corners
little and all around give us a twirl
just like Chef Ramsay does nice and
tight into the fridge for 30 minutes 30
minutes up all I'm going to do unravel
this got my puff pastry here I'm just
gonna cut out what I need Jake all
around take my puff pastry just roll it
up
lightly cry chop this egg here well egg
here fold it up my seal this bit up more
with the fork lift this up with some egg
just take my fork I'm just gonna scratch
it down just like that
look who decided to wake up at this time
see you chef Katie you're just in time
key towns about to put in the little
roast there I'll just sleep hey Tom say
good morning don't say good morning
are you hungry you thought the food's
ready huh Katie heating the oven at 400
degrees Fahrenheit and I'm gonna throw
this in for about 25 to 30 minutes 35
minutes up all I'm gonna do now pull
this out and just kind of let this sit
in the open for about 15 to 20 minutes
Wellington has been sitting for 50
minutes a moment of silence please
Airness beef wellington complete
[Music]
[Music]
do my best to transfer all this over
without breaking anything
[Music]
yeah it is guys beef wellington complete
some may say Quan a little too rare for
me for me guys in my opinion it's just
perfect for the filet mignon what do you
guys coming by let's do this
so I'm just gonna grab and grab this
knob I have this piece there won't be my
plate and I'm gonna grab the end too
because of the puff pastry throw this to
the side let's get into this nice I
should have made gravy but I think it'd
be good enough already because leave
this sole tender and we got that
mushroom pate as well yes here that
cross piece of that filet mignon take
the first bite of this filet mignon or
not filet mignon beef wellington
Quicktime
nice palm that is a tender piece of meat
anybody that says mmm one you should
cook a little longer it's cut right here
is in to play around with with a
well-done mmm
that's amazing with this homemade pastry
crust do that's love only one thing I'll
cut back the salt just because I forgot
some of the prosciutto is saltier than
the other ones so one that possible it's
salty guys so I'll just ease up on the
salt on the flaming norm mmm next time I
cook it wow what a beautiful piece hmm
the steak is amazing the prosciutto
salty I'll just put it a little less
next time another bite guys quick down
yes well
I don't know people who go in people who
go in to a restaurant mmm and weirder
Philemon y'all well done it's just crazy
I can guarantee you you hurt a lot of
chefs when you guys do that a lot of
chefs a lot of coach back in the day
when I cook enough filet mignon came in
well done you just heard us I didn't
realize how salty the prosciutto was I
should have tasted it before well could
down my next time
Wow
that is long shoot Oh kind of ruin it
for me because it was a little too salty
time to change this game up they got a
little overpowering so I'm gonna do this
I got some extra dough and roll this
back up brush this with egg you guys are
seeing history in the making right now
this is efj Wellington to go who wants a
beef wellington to go we innovators now
into the oven for 15 to 20 minutes
beef wellington to go is done I'm just
gonna let this cool for a bit first
start cutting into it beef wellington
pockets who's down for this one this
one's probably a little more cooked
moment size please hmm kind of a mid
well you know that's beautiful you don't
war
I know it's still gonna be taste day I
should have just done it like this be a
little different take the first by this
mid well filet mignon without the
prosciutto quick time yes guys next a
bike for the mid rare and rare lovers
and a bite for a mid well well-done
lover yes okay I gave I gave you guys a
fire you
huh definitely delicious dip rumbly
crust I should have just done there like
this each their own pockets mmm yeah
next time I do this I'm just gonna make
it like this without the prosciutto it's
just perfect mmm that's tasty you know
what the thing I said in the beginning
about people ordering a bit well or well
done filet mignon
just not that bad
oh yeah no I don't know why I did that
look at that cross look at that I'm just
gonna take a bite of it just like a hot
popcorn
this is my idea nobody take it right the
beef so tender it's like biting into a
very very long stewed beef let's mind it
feels like this is breaks apart best hot
pocket ever or the most pricey is how
pop over there you dollar a pocket oh
maybe I'll just open a restaurant
selling this Thank You fresh hope you
guys to draw this one don't forget to
subscribe you have it also don't forget
to pick up on your shirts or fool eyes a
beautiful thing checked like to share
this piece up