how to revive tired whites don't let
your tired whites get you down follow
video Jug's guide to Reviving your wh
and bring that sparkle back into your
life this is Christine she's an absolute
whiz when it comes to washing so you'd
better pay attention step one you will
need one pile of dull laundry that needs
Reviving one washing machine one stain
remover one bottle of bleach one bottle
of white vinegar step two don't wash
whites with colors the key to keeping
your clothes white Is frequent washing
using hot water the hotter the better
plus a little elbow
grease follow my guide for Reviving your
tired whites and you'll be gleaming
before you know it doing extra laundry
loads is well worth the effort bleeding
from darker colors is usually the main
culprit for dingy
clothes another common cause is
detergent residue which acts as a magnet
for dirt
make sure you always follow the Garment
Care label step three use the hottest
temperature the fabric can withstand if
you increase the temperature by 10Â° you
will increase the effectiveness of your
detergent step four inspect for stains
even if it will be days before the item
makes it to the wash treat as soon as
possible with a stain removing
product leaving the stain on your
clothes for too long will discolor the
fabric work the deter conent into a ler
by rubbing the fabric together and
repeat until the stain is noticeably
lighter or has even
disappeared step five
dry drying stained garments will only
bake the stain into it then you're stuck
with it forever if stains are still
visible keep washing until they've gone
treat stains as soon as possible the
longer you leave it the harder it is to
get them out step six chlorine bleach
the final
result sometimes the only way to get
your clothes back to their former
whiteness is to use chlorine
bleach however over time bleach can
leave clothes yellowed or gray the
whiteness is stripped off over time so
only do this when it is completely
necessary and don't repeat
it your clothes should be back to their
original whiteness enjoy
done