ok this would be how to make some tea
your first thing I'm going to do is get
your sugar in it itch tea bags fill it
up to the brim with water put tea bags
in and make sure the tags stay out
because you don't want fish them out
later um find a nice sunny spot like we
have here not really that's funny but
I'll move it to more sunny places do
that let us sit out in the Sun for a
couple hours until it looks this color
all the way down 40 not all the way
because us third once it's completely
9ns stir up the sugar and it should all
turn out looking like this and it's
cheap you don't have to boil waiting
water the Sun does it for you and it's
one it's the best tea I've ever tasted
so um that's pretty much how you make
some tea I'll do a video later one on
how you make some other stuff but this
is a meta makes them taste if we recap
get a jar filled with water your tea
bags sugar sit in the Sun it's that easy
that's it for a few hours and it should
be good to go