okay so I like to use a pie plate for
putting the flour in for dredging my
chicken so I have one cup of all-purpose
unbleached flour a tablespoon of paprika
I'm sorry a teaspoon of paprika a
teaspoon of salt and a half a teaspoon
of pepper
mixed into the pie plate now I'm going
to dredge my chicken leg quarters I have
removed all of the excess fat from these
leg quarters so I'm just going to dredge
them quickly and coat all sides with the
flour mixture it's just enough to flavor
it up and make it really delicious now
the trick to this chicken is just
leaving it alone I have prepared the
baking pan with only about a teaspoon of
sunflower oil in the bottom of it and so
to prevent sticking
and now I'll just place my chicken leg
quarters like so into the pan and I'm
going to bake this at 350 degrees for at
least one hour and depending on how
well-done you want your chicken you
might go up to an hour and a half one
hour is certainly enough for cooking it
as long as your chicken is nice and
thawed if it's a little bit frozen I
would definitely recommend cooking at
least an hour and a half or 90 minutes
but you just want to dredge it and then
you're going to literally put this
chicken away in the oven at 350 degrees
for a minimum of one hour after about 40
minutes
I do recommend removing the chicken from
the oven and basting the top of it there
might be some
parts of the chicken that have a little
bit of flour that hasn't cooked with fat
on the chicken so go ahead and baste it
at that time put it back in the oven for
the remainder of the cooking time that
you've allotted for it and this is the
simplest oven fried chicken recipe I
have ever come across it is no fail
everybody loves it so I hope you enjoy
it - thanks