ok let me get treats teach you guys a
trick of how to get rid of the strong on
your scent now see my mama could haul
chitlins right halt tunes is hog
intestines right smell like straight
 first out there somebody been
holding in for ten years and finally
decided to let it out right that's a
strong accent you know so in here she
uses vinegar white vinegar no matter
what kind of integrate long as it's
vinegar vinegar get rid of a stank ass
smell I mean deceased is male kills it
get rid of it forever so what I'm going
to do is use white vinegar to kill
distinct smell because i'm going to put
onions in my hair to grow my hair cuts
scientifically it's scientifically
proven that you can use onion to wear
your hair so in order to get rid of
distinct smell try vinegar guys boil it
with vinegar I'm telling you if it could
get rid of a shown shits now you can
only imagine how they get rid of the
onion smell your day so that's what I'm
going to be using