hey what's up guys welcome back today's
recipe is going to be a very simple mini
Strawberry Tart using Truvia brown sugar
blend also stay to the end of this video
for more information about the Truvia
baking star contest but let's get
started on this recipe first up you're
going to get a large mixing bowl add
some allpurpose flour to it followed by
some cold diced butter a pinch of salt
uh some baking powder and just a little
bit of cold water give this a good mix
in between your fingers just to create
that little flaky uh texture and Flaky P
dough and uh just make sure it all comes
together once it does come together
you're going to turn it out onto your
counter um and just essentially start
kneading it until it becomes sort of
this solid massive dough once that's
done you're going to cover it with some
plastic wrap throw it in the
refrigerator to set up and just so it
makes it a little bit easier to work
[Music]
with
[Music]
all right so while you're waiting for
your dough to chill down in the fridge
you're going to make a very simple
strawberry filling uh so grab some fresh
strawberries take the top off and throw
it into uh a large sauté pan that's on
medium to high heat add a little bit of
vanilla extract or some vanilla bean
paste or even some fresh vanilla pods um
a few scoops of Truvia brown sugar blend
for sweetness um and then of course some
water just to help cook the strawberries
you're going to allow this to cook for
about 20 to 25 minutes just until the
strawberries start to break down and you
have a very delicious Red thick
syrup
[Music]
all right so once the strawberries are
done cooking and uh they're nice and
tender and you have a beautiful red
syrup uh you can mash them up with a
fork or a whisk if you like a chunkier
filling um or you can do it like I'm
doing here and just throw it into a
frood processor and just mix it up and
have a nice beautiful puree or uh a very
smooth Jam but once that's done you're
going to throw it into the refrigerator
to cool down and set up uh for about 2
[Music]
hours so while you're waiting for the
jam to cool down and your dough is ready
to go just pull it out of the fridge put
it onto a flowered working surface roll
it out to your desired thickness um here
I'm looking for around an eighth of an
inch thickness and I'm just going to
measure a 3x4 4 and 1/2 uh Square just
for my uh little tartlets I'm just going
to measure them exactly you don't really
have to go too crazy with this you can
cut out you know really whatever uh size
you want you can even cut out little
circles or triangles depending on what
shapes you like and once all that's done
you're going to throw these back in the
fridge just to set up for another half
an hour or so uh just so it makes it a
little bit easier on yourself once you
start assembling the
[Music]
tarts
[Music]
all right so once everything's cooled
down prepared and ready to go you're
going to start assembling your mini
tarts so get a simple egg wash together
which is basically just a 50/50 mixture
of an egg yolk and some water brush that
on the bottom side of your tart followed
by a few scoops of the uh strawberry jam
and then you're going to top that with
the other side of your tart just
pinching uh the edges so that none of
that delicious filling will seep out
during the baking process then you're
going to cut a few uh steam vents on the
top of the tart brush it with a little
bit more of that egg wash and then
you're going to throw this into a 375°
oven for approximately 20
minutes all right so while you're
waiting for the poptart to bake in the
oven you're going to make a very simple
cream cheese topping for your tartlet so
throw some of the brown sugar blend
inside a blender or uh some sort of food
processor and you're just going to
pulverize it until you have this very
cool powdery uh mixture uh throw that
into a large bowl followed by some cream
cheese a little bit of corn starch some
milk for consistency and a little bit of
vanilla for flavoring and give this a
good whisk until you have a delicious
creamy
[Music]
frosting all right so once the mini
Strawberry Tart is done you're going to
pull it out of the oven let it cool down
for at least a half half an hour before
you start frosting it but once that's
done you're going to grab your Piping
Bag that's filled with a delicious cream
cheese frosting uh make a little design
on top if you'd like or just Frost it
with a spatula and that's it all there
is to do is enjoy a delicious mini
strawberry
[Music]
tart
[Music]
that frosting is
good nice and warm and toasty nice and
Flaky I really love the balancing of
flavors you have a really sweet filling
that's like bursting with the strawberry
flavor it's kind of sticky it has this
this nice really uh velvety texture to
it it's like sweet and tart has a little
undertone of vanilla really good feeling
the frosting has this like almost these
dark caramelized undertones from the
Truvia brown sugar blend and uh the
sweetness is just perfect through and
through and to top it all off uh really
to balance all that sweetness is the
flaky pie dough it's this really buttery
crumbly crispy texture that just is
perfect with the strawberries perfect
with the frosting this is literally the
best strawberry tart on the go honestly
that I've ever had also to top it all
off it's 75% less calories uh than using
a regular sugar or brown sugar this
dessert just wins across the board just
a just a well-rounded dessert everybody
wins your family your friends yourself
everybody wins when you make a delicious
recipe and you just experiment in the
kitchen so I really just want to say
thank you to all of you who submitted
videos to trv's baking star contest uh
it's just really cool to see all the
amazing uh recipes and uh creativity
that you guys came up with but the next
step of this contest is voting so trivia
whittel uh the video submissions down to
10 semifinalists uh they're all over at
trivia baking.com so make sure you check
that out go over there vote for uh
whoever you think was the most creative
with the brown sugar Blend or the baking
blend and vote for whoever you think
should win and if you guys want more
info with the rules the guidelines uh
regarding how the voting Works make sure
you check the down bar I have all the
information regarding this Truvia baking
star contest so check that out also if
you guys want to just follow along with
the contest make sure you use the # tra
baking star it'll Interlink everybody
together so you can see some pretty cool
recipes and uh just chat with other
Foodies and people who enjoy really good
food and that's it guys hopefully you
enjoyed this video if you did please
thumbs up subscribe and comment below
for future video requests things you
want to see on my channel and I'll see
you guys next time with another
delicious recipe bye
[Music]
everybody
[Music]