hi it's Brian KS from KS and Associates
and today I want to talk to you about
the importance of getting a land survey
let me give you an example of a common
problem we run into we have this fence
here actually a wall and the neighboring
property in the other side they have
trees and they have dirt uh buting up
against the wall and it's making the
wall lean over and actually it knocked
out a piece of the wall now the property
owner on this side wants to know well
who's whose wall is it who's going to
pay for it so this is a prime example of
why you should get a land survey the
importance of getting a land survey is
when you run into a common problem like
this um somebody has to be the
responsible party and pay for it so um I
I suggest if you have a problem like
this you give us a call at 408
84720 one3 or visit us on the web at
carand associates.net