hi I'm David mat your host for hot
Benders LA and today I'm going to show
you how to make the fuzzy navl cocktail
now the fuzzy navl fuzzy which would be
Peach and Naval navl or orange juice uh
freshly squeezed orange juice that is
and um you'll see different ingredients
I mean the variance is just one or one
and a half or 2 ounces of Peach knops um
but again there is no wrong answer if I
were to drink the fuzzy naval I would
probably want 2 O I like my drinks A
Little Bit Stronger um so go ahead and
use a [ __ ] so just do 2
oz you go one right there and then
another for two and then fill up the
rest with freshly squeezed orange juice
and we've got the fuzzy
navl there you go and I'll mix it around
a little bit with a
straw very simple drink there you go
enjoy