make life yummy with food for your mind
and tummy lady yum
yum hi welcome to the lady yum yum show
today we're making one of my favorite
appetizers it's great for New Year's Eve
or any of the holidays it's a baked Bree
and it's different from the normal baked
Brees that you see in the in the stores
that have the puff ptery around it this
was given to me by a a super person one
of the nice people I've ever met her
name's Candace she lives in Virginia and
I first had this at her house I think it
was for a Christmas party for work so
let's get started by opening the
Brie and Brie usually has a top and a
bottom the top is smooth and the bottom
is usually where the wrapper was and
they also come in different sizes this
one's about 6 in you can use smaller
sizes just use less of the toppings I
show you for the smaller sizes the first
thing we're going to do is scoop out the
Rind from the top so I'm going to draw a
circle with my knife you can see I'm
cutting around about an8th of an inch in
maybe five six millim I'm going to go
all the way
around I'm building kind of a moat
around the Brie and this is is going to
hold the filling in the top of the
breeze so it soaks down in and gets
really tasty so now I'm going to scoop
out the Rind from the top so that that
little moat helps me find my scooping
location so you just set aside the the
Rind that you take out and I was making
this recipe once for a party and I found
out that some people coming to the party
um that were invited by someone hosting
the party were Restaurante teers and so
I was really nervous about what I was
going to serve at this party and I
immediately thought of this recipe and
sure enough they asked me for the recipe
so sorry Candace I have given your
recipe out to so many people and now
thousands more on YouTube so again
Candace gets all the credit if you love
it and if you don't love it then it's my
fault cuz Candace's version is
perfection just a few more little pieces
here
so you get it all cleaned out and
inevitably inevitably a piece ends up in
my mouth too I know the Rind is mold but
it tastes really
good okay so now we have our Brie with
our little rinded moat and we want to
put it in a um a oven proof dish that it
fits pretty perfectly so the more
perfect it fits the better better cuz
that holds up the sides while it's
cooking now we'll make the topping and
the topping is really easy it's just
brown sugar half a cup packed brown
sugar there it goes and um brandy or
cognac or bourbon any of them work I'm
using Brandy and I'm using a little over
a/4 cup so I usually pour the4 cup let
it runneth over and dump it
on we'll put that aside and we'll stir
that around just a bit get it all mixed
in and we will add a half a cup of
chopped nuts and I'm using peans walnuts
and hazelnuts will work as
well the alcohol I've put in this recipe
Burns off while it's cooking but it
leaves a really great flavor
behind now we'll pour this completely
over the top and the um the rim of rind
will hold the majority of this right on
top of that Bree that doesn't have the
rind on it and we we can cover this at
this point and leave it in the
refrigerator up to to 24 hours before
you bake it but I'm not waiting I want
this now so it's going right in the oven
[Music]
so it's all done it'll bake about 45 to
50 minutes sometimes an hour and you'll
know it's done when it's all bubbly
goodness and nice and
soft so I have some french bread here
take the cover
off and
I usually serve it with a spoon but I'm
using my
Fork it's
creamy and sugary and just a hint of the
Brandy in the background so good give
this one a try I guarantee everybody
will love it happy holidays see you next
time