[Music]
hi everybody imagine if attorney in case
you see my latest travel vlog you know
that I spent some time in India recently
in India one of the most popular drinks
is a masala chai which is a spiced tea
with milk and today I'm gonna share with
you my favorite recipe for a masala
cashew milk that I prepare from some
deliciously roasted cashews spiced with
some cardamom and cinnamon
you can either drink it straight away or
mix it with some delicious black tea to
get that full masala chai experience so
let's get right into it
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so for that misallocation mug
we're gonna need one cup of cashews for
pitted dates for green cardamom pots a
quarter of a teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 a teaspoon salt and 1 liter of water
so let's start by roasting the cashews I
will place them on a parchment paper on
a baking tray and put them in the oven
at 180 degrees Celsius or 350 degrees
Fahrenheit for about 7 to 10 minutes or
until they are golden brown all right so
the cashews are roasted now and Oldboy
trust me they smell so delicious and now
we're gonna just blend the roads of
cashew
with the pitted dates the Seoul cinnamon
cardamon and one liter of water we're
gonna blend it at full speed for about
one minute
all right so that should be it and now
just move this over yeah
now we're gonna sieve it through a nut
move back
[Music]
and there you go a deliciously spiced
cashew milk that is easily prepared can
be enjoyed chilled or in combination
with some black tea to get that full
masala chai experience and just makes
everybody happy
at least this one is going to make me
happy alright so if you liked the video
give me a thumbs up if you want to see
some recipe or know more about food
photography and food styling let me know
in the comments below and finally don't
forget to subscribe thanks for watching
and Cheers