all righty guys uh once again it's been
a really busy week um but I managed to
smash out a video um and to be honest
it's not my recipe I saw this on U
Jamie's food page the other day and it
looked buddy awesome so I thought I'd
give it a shot um and so here it is it's
a CH a roast chicken salad you can use
it from leftover roast chicken or you
can um like I did I opted to go um cook
chicken breast um for it so it's really
easy I've adopted uh like I said Jamie
Oliver's recipe made a few little
adjustments um but I hope you guys enjoy
[Music]
it okay so the first thing we need to do
is prepare our chicken now I said at the
start of the video that this could be
used uh this recipe can be use with
leftover roast chicken now if you got
leftover roast chicken don't worry about
this next bit but if you don't have
leftover roast chicken and you want to
use uh chicken breasts like I have I've
got four of them and we're just going to
um quickly whip up a quick marinade for
them um bit of herbs so we're going to
start with a good handful of thyme that
we've just chopped up the juice of one
lemon and a little bit of salt and
pepper and just mix it all together when
we cook it it'll just um give it that
added dimensional flavor in a nice
really hot pan um we're going to put a
little bit of oil and we're just going
to cook our chicken breast now you might
want to Butterfly your chicken breast
first so simply just cut it in half this
will make things cook a lot faster um
especially if you you've got uh four
chicken breasts in my case to cook um
you can use um two chicken breasts if
you're not um feeding a large flat
situation like I am but just cook um
until it's nicely Brown nice golden
brown on each side and we can put it um
aside and let it cool down it needs to
be quite cool for our salad moving right
along um the aim is to get as much
flavor into our chicken salad as
possible so we're going to do is grab um
the same pan that we just cooked chicken
it's got that beautiful chicken um um
juices that have been rented off we're
going to stick in a little bit more oil
followed by three cloves of garlic that
just crushed up and remove the um skins
don't need to be anything special like
chopped up or anything like that and
into this we're going to stick in 250 g
of um cherry tomatoes that we've just
sliced in half now that garlic will fuse
really nicely with the cherry tomatoes
and we can add a little bit of salt and
pepper and let things just cook until
the outside of our Tomatoes just start
to peel away and then put them aside um
to cool down with our
chicken now onto the croutons um I've
got a French stick here that I've bought
it's a little bit past Su by date which
is perfect um for when we make our
croutons a nice D bread is perfect um
you can use any other type of bread you
don't um you have on hand we're just
going to cut it into roughly around sort
of 2 cm um blocks and we're just going
to lay these out on a baking pan next
we're going to grab some olive oil and
we're just going to drizzle a generous
amount of olive oil and make sure all
our croutons are covered nicely this
will U make sure everything crisps up
when we actually Grill them the last
step is grab the garlic that we've just
cooked in with the tomatoes it's got a
really nice Flavor now and we're just
going to scatter it across our croutons
this will cook and it'll give it other
croutons a really nice garlicky flavor
once we bake them so these go into the
oven um put it on either a bake or a
grill setting make sure you don't burn
them um I've done a batch where these
burnt completely so just keep an eye on
them and you want to keep turning them
until they get a nice gold and crunchy
outside while we're waiting for our
croutons to um cook um we're going to
start on our chicken that's cooled down
um so it's just been set aside and you
can see that there's um some nice juices
that have leaked out of the chicken we
want to keep these so don't throw that
away but just grab our chicken breast
and just go willy-nilly and just start
tearing chunks off um it's completely up
to you you can have nice small chunks or
large um chunks of chicken it's
completely up to
you um we can still set this aside um
now we're going to work on um the beans
simply all we're going to do is just um
blanch a few um fresh green beans
cut the ends off you don't want these
stalky bits Chuck them into the water
for about 6 minutes until they just go
slightly soft and when you bite them
they shouldn't have that squeakiness
between your teeth that's that's how you
know when they're
done with our beans done we're just
going to transfer these into a bowl
stick in 1 teaspoon of um hog grain
mustard seeds give it a mixture around
and Then followed by around 2 tbsp of um
white vinegar this will add uh this will
become nearly a dressing for our salad
um just give everything a nice mix
around
now we can combine everything together
so we've got our plate of chicken that
we just torn up and we're going to stick
on our our beans followed by our
tomatoes that have just been steering
make sure you get all the tomato juice
um across our chicken make sure it's
nice spread out and we're going to stick
in some chopped up parsley just roughly
around a small handful of chopped up
parsley and again a small handful of
chopped up
mint following this we're going to stick
on our croutons um they should be nice
and crisp crisp on the outside um and
all we're going to do it's as simple as
it sounds we're just going to mix it all
together so you get a nice even
distribution of your croutons your
Tomatoes your beans and your
chicken just to finish things off we're
going to drizzle that um chicken juice
across the top of it followed by a
little bit of um salt and pepper if it
needs it and finally just a few lugs of
ol olive oil give it another mix around
and it's ready to get um plated up um so
it's really really quite easy from start
to finish it only takes around sort of
20 minutes if you got the chicken on
hand um so really easy and quite a
healthy recipe um for you to share
especially um in the southern hemisphere
when we got summer coming up so I hope
you guys enjoyed it um keep an eye out
next week um I should have a creme Bret
um recipe on how to make that up um so
keep an eye out um until then thank you
guys for watching