party welcome back to the Cowbridge
kitchen a long time ago when I was a
child my mother told me that her sister
Betsy could make the best Yorkshire
puddings anyone has ever tasted and they
were they were fantastic
but now I've grown up I disagree I can
show you how to make better Yorkshire
puddings that my hands could ever make
check these out
do you want to know how so for these
Yorkshire puddings we're going to need a
few simple ingredients okay we're going
to be using two eggs some milk some
flour and a splash of olive oil that's
it that's all that's going in there be
sure you ought to do right so the
mixture for your two puddings is pretty
important to get this dead right okay so
two eggs
the rule is what we're gonna do for
every egg you use you can use one ounce
of flour
okay so one egg 1 ounce 2 eggs 2 ounces
you get the picture okay so once your
eggs are popped into a bowl people that
yeah you don't know them okay because
the eggs are the only rising agent of
the board in this recipe okay so there's
our two eggs beat in a bowl so to this
we add our flour an ounce of flour is
about six teaspoons okay roughly so if
you haven't got anything to measure it
on you're gonna need about six sort of
decent-sized teaspoons well back that
big okay and that's three for most of
that one went in for five maybe out six
of em I can just clear the flower from
my display it's just about an ounce okay
so they've got this little tip for you
six teaspoons one ounce of flour is to
give out one ounce of flour tip back
into our eggs and we're gonna want
another ounce of flour now so there we
are
two ounces of flour just tip straight
into the eggs what we would do now is
fold this flour into your egg mix okay
until it goes that becomes a nice thick
paste so you don't want to batter it
because gonna go everywhere just really
get it folded in nice and steady nice
and methodical mixing it around okay and
then you'll see it eventually it's gonna
go into a nice thick thick batter you
don't wanna over the beads they see that
and what you want to do is just to get
pretty much length green thick batter
so all we need to add now for this mixer
please PLEASE batter mix is our milk and
really don't add too much milk okay I've
got a standard sort of serving spoon
here okay which I think it's I'm not
sure the exact size or things just over
over a tablespoon but we could have set
a standard serving spoon and literally
all you need is one of these okay one
good one of them milk into there and
that is gonna be enough milk don't add
any more mix this in and flash back into
a nice a nice pace and what you were
doing I was risking a bit what you
should have at the end of this is a nice
runny paste that's holding in quite a
few football twenty mixer so once you've
mixed it up and you pop it down it
should hold quite a few bubbles in it
last ingredient then into that is a
literally just a splash and all we're
gonna do I'll give you an exact
measurement okay cuz you want 1 teaspoon
1 teaspoon of olive oil into that mix
that in and leave that to rest at room
temperature you want to leave that for
about and about an hour over the thought
but you can do it in half an hour
but I'm just gonna leave that set aside
for about an hour and then we'll show
you the next stage
you
so with your oven and it temperatures
for your other what you didn't want to
do is get this open on to about 220 no
200 okay so pop that open on there and
that 200 let that get a temperature to
the Yorkshire pudding tin and I'm using
and a standard four inch your to put in
tin here okay but probably about half an
inch deep four inches across and another
mistake that people make a lot of the
time you're cuz they stick too much oil
in you don't need a lot of oil what
we're gonna go in the go with our and
our measurement which is a teaspoon of
olive oil
okay so we're gonna pop 1 teaspoon of
olive oil into each one of them and
that's all you need you don't need any
more than that
right so we've got our mix mate and
we've got our oil in our Yorkshire
pudding tins the next critical stage of
this and this part is quite critical and
it's a mistake that a lot of people make
and is that you need to get this oil hot
ok so we're going to get this or you let
that preheated oven we're going to get
it at two attempts you can leave it
there for five minutes at 200 degrees
okay so you don't want the oil and
burbling smoking hot but we need it hot
okay and so we'll pop this into the oven
right our York should put in and the
tins have been in the other now for
about five minutes okay so this should
be nice and hot but not boiling so we
just pop that up and open that's over
the smoker over there yeah okay yeah are
you're putting tins now out of the other
like a member to prepar get them on
today
okay the next critical stage now and
this is quite critical so you don't put
too much liquid or too much of your
batter into these into these Yorkshire
pudding tins so give you an idea of how
am I trying to put in there
back to our serving spoon you're gonna
want about one serving spoon in each one
yeah
and that is going to be plenty okay so
the oil is hot enough
but not smoking yeah
so let me show you now how this looks
and mu get them back in here and quickly
okay so as you can see the oil has and
the batter of mix together then is
formed has formed an island of batter in
the middle and this area here where you
can see the oil is around the edge that
is gonna cook first which is what's
gonna make them rise up we hope yeah so
that's that so you see the little them
that Island has been formed in there now
we'll pop these now back into the middle
of the other 200 degrees in the center
and they gonna cook in there for ten
minutes ten minutes no more so these
you're to put into being cooking in here
and up with ten minutes just a tiny
little bit over so it's time to get
around remember look what we got okay
there we are
Yorkshire puddings anybody's aunty would
be proud of eat your heart out
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you