did you know a lot of people don't know
how to clean leaks I did not know that
good thing is I know how and I have a
camera so here we go take one of your
leaks here and slice it starting from
the root end all the way down to the top
don't go all the way through just
leaving like that bottom one connected
then go to your sink and you can spread
it out and right here see that that
right there that's the dirt so we're
going to clean so just go ahead and
spread all the pieces apart just get in
there with the water and scrub all that
away leaving the root connected keeps
all the pieces of the leak together so
that way you don't have a bunch of
little pieces running all over the place
make sure you do get all around the back
though because sometimes there is dirt
hiding back there which makes a little
bit more difficult to get out you can
slice all the way through if you want
but you really don't need to just go
ahead and rinse it off as much as you
can and you're ready to go you're ready
to make whatever delicious dish you're
going to make next whether it's potato
leak soup or something else either way
at least your leaks will be clean