I'm gonna take this knife and put it you
know to about a thousand degrees it's a
beautiful little fish trap oh my god
suck it in what's up Ralph M and welcome
back to my crazy psycho Channel we're
out here by my 3,000 gallon pool pond
and if you guys look right in here I
have about 15 to 20 to 30 pound red
tails they're like this big five buddies
they're right there look at him zoom
zoom zoom zoom zoom what's up Ralph M I
gotta fall back here and guys they are
literally you know totally bad at the
bone but you know they're kind of hungry
so a couple days ago we went off and
made a mini minnow trap and alongside of
making that minnow trap we had a bunch
of big perfect red tail baits trying to
get into our trap they saw the food
inside of the trap and they were like yo
ding-ding hey hey how do I get in there
hey hey hey and I was like why don't I
go off and just make a big beautiful red
tail fish trap or not a red tail fish
trap well that would be kind of hard if
I went off and made a red tail food fish
trap won't kind of tongue-twister but
guys if I took a big plastic bin a bin
kind of like this one you guys looking
at imagine if I cut a hole inside of the
bin put the food in there and then
whenever the beautiful big baits and I'm
talking big baits guys you know these
things heat up to like a pound tilapia
which is insane and then I went off and
put some koi food in here imagine those
big baits just swimming right in and you
know I just pull the trap right out of
the water and you guys can see the whole
thing on video and even cooler and
crazier than that I take those baits we
caught and you know feed them to my
massive red tails it sounds like a
perfect video to me and that's exactly
what we're doing today so let's go off
build our fish trap and get over there
and catch some giants or get some food
for some giants so I have come down to a
conclusion that the easiest way to cut
this is with heat and a knife I'm gonna
take this knife and put it you know to
about a thousand degrees we're gonna you
know cut a big hole we get outlining if
we want but I think I'm just gonna make
the hole and you know call it a day
the first thing you have to do to make
this trap is you have to get this knife
very hot I think we're gonna get it
about a thousand degrees it's gonna be
glowing red
whoo that baby's glowing oh yes
put that right there we got a hurried
wall it's still super hot you ready
we're gonna come right here ready but a
circle oh yeah
just the smoke sorry
look look look
oh my goodness guys look at that guys
and this is a beautiful little fish trap
that we're making guys remember adult
supervision actually I don't even
recommend doing this at home in the
first get go so
look at that oh my gosh guys and this is
100% burning plastic
so we have our fish trap it's now
complete it's just a hole you know you
have to do anything too spectacular but
we're gonna put the food inside of here
it may look like a plastic bin with a
big hole in it but don't let it deceive
you if you guys look right here it is a
perfect hole designed for these
beautiful big fish you know all I have
to do is put some dog food or some cat
food or some koi food inside of the trap
and it will give off a mist and every
fish within you know 10 15 yards is
going to smell it go what's up Ralph M
is going to swim directly in I'm going
to see it you know I'm gonna see that
it's in there I'm gonna go Yeates and
then he's gonna get eaten by a red tail
so let's get out of here and go you
don't catch some Giants or some giant
food with you know our plastic fish chip
so if you guys have a good fish trap
you're gonna need good bait to make the
fish go into the fish trap of course we
have a little bit of koi food now this
isn't just your average koi food this is
aquascape koi food it has proteins that
has good nutrients it's good for the
Kois health it's good to make them fat
and fluffy and it's also good to make
their beautiful bright colors shine
bright like a diamond yeah that was
original delicioso
that's from Dora gonna have to add a
little weight just take this little
brick put it down there
well there's like freaking 50 of them
all right now they're right I must put
my finger on the camera they're right
here Ralph am I know you can't really
see him that well I could barely see him
but trust me they're there all right we
just went down there over there he went
to go check over on some other fish but
let's go check on this trapper it would
quit right glad bird Glade they're
running away with the trap hurry
what hurry then the trap
oh my god there's a giant there's a
giant well he got a little beautiful the
big thing look oh my god bro look at
them all look at them all that right
there okay we got one two three four
five yes sorry Ralph am I'm out of
breath here oh it's actually over there
I found another spot we can set the
chart right there and then way down
there I found a really good spot well
we're done we don't need to set it
anymore if you guys want me to come back
I'll do it again sorry I'm out of breath
of course oh so if you guys look right
here we're gonna grab this little guy
hope there's still a little bit of water
in there let me lift this little guy up
right there perfect we got a little bit
of old water in here and we're going to
take these little red tail baits right
here that's one that's two this is three
four oh my gosh guys Ralph M can we just
you know sit back guys this trap did
amazing
that was insane so of course this trap
was amazing
because let me give a shout out real
quick Aquos gave pebbles they love it
look at that you got a little fish food
broke it up into my hand that's what
they love we're gonna get out of here
and go feed my massive red tails that
are about that big and go have a bunch
of fun so what are we doing here let's
get out of here whoa so I have a little
bait we're gonna feed jaws real quick
come here jaws right here buddy
come here come on it's a bait come here
oh he just he never lets me down he's
just always over there going wow he's a
little insane if you guys couldn't tell
come here Jobs we'll do it one more time
so we went off and got a bunch of
awesome little baits for one reason in
one reason only I mean we got a couple
for jaws as a little snack but we got
them for the red-tail this is a big red
cell look right here hi buddy what's up
mr. red tail and of course guys we are
going to be feeding them right now so
let me get the little little crappers
we're gonna take a little bait like this
pinch it down like that just like that
and now it is perfectly intact for my
beautiful babies come here come here
hi buddy you hungry you hungry
Oh yummy so that was one red tail guys
you know what's better than one red tail
of course two red tails let's go off and
get a bigger bait for my bigger red tail
there we go Ralph am big bait for a big
fish come on Oh
jaws you want it please no jaws a little
too big for you buddy
eat it suck it in oh my gosh that was a
big bait so I got an extra little
tilapia
dang it cameraman okay
get in oh my god holy crap Ralph M guys
I'm gonna be completely honest with you
guys that is a massive red tail and you
know he could eat probably let's be
honest four or five of those and that
thing was probably 12 ounces 13 ounces a
big old filet mignon let's go down eight
feet from here and they pet this little
guy hi buddy you full buddy I love you I
love you what's up Ralph am so this is a
red tail he's beautiful let me feel his
belly
oh he's nice and full he's nice and full
oh there's nothing more satisfying
seeing a big healthy fat and fluffy red
tail Ralph M I love you guys and thank
you guys so much for watching today's
awesome crazy adventure
all right Ralph M so that is gonna be
the end of today - awesome crazy
adventure we went off and built a
freakin plastic fish trap put some
aquascape koi food in there and we
caught some giants some beautiful little
baits that's gonna be the end of today's
video and if you guys haven't already
subscribed to the fastest strongest
fishing family on YouTube bro what are
you doing bro subscribe and join the raw
family I love y'all famine I'll see you
later