hey everyone you're watching The
Inspired Cafe I'm DJ Henry the holidays
are coming fast are you looking for a
way to spruce up your house I'm going to
show you how to spruce up some canos so
easy really quick I think you're going
to enjoy
it look at
that for materials you will need two
pillar candles I got mine unscented from
Walmart you'll need a glue gun Modge
Podge a foam brush masking tape pretty
ribbon of your choice and of course some
glitter you can get the fine or thick
grade of glitter the first thing I did
was Mark off where I did not want the
glitter with the masking tape so on the
first candle three pieces of tape and
the second candle of two pieces of tape
and the glitter will go in between the
tape after liberally applying the modge
podge with your foam brush where you
want the glitter you can also liberally
apply the glitter where you want the
glitter you can see I tried to catch it
in this box but I was totally
unsuccessful but that's okay so here
comes the fun part pulling the masking
tape off and seeing those beautiful
crisp clean lines of your brand new
glitter
candles so here you can see that I'm
just simply simply wiping off any extra
Fallout but you can also spray hairspray
onto the candles to reduce the Fallout
of the glitter the next thing that I did
was measure the circumference of the
handle with the ribbon and simply attach
the ribbon using my glue
gun there you go now you have two
beautiful glittering candles to add to
your holiday Decor I hope that you
enjoyed this tutorial as much as I
enjoyed making it please check back for
more DIYs and have a wonderful rest of
your day
bye thanks for watching if you found
this video helpful Please Subscribe and
share and uh tune in cuz I'll have more
DIY holiday projects coming for you
thanks bye