hello how you doing my friend Lee I hope
you're doing well as always
so you clicked on this video because it
says whammy bar tricks with a Telecaster
now kind of conventionally a Telecaster
does not care a wine bar you know I say
conventionally because some people have
a Bigsby on their telecasters but no
there is no worry bars on telecasters
but that doesn't mean we can't do some
whammy bar tricks with the Telecaster
using our hands so some of this involves
a lot of bending and some of its gonna
 she behind the nut and I'm gonna
show you one doing a tap-in thing which
you probably saw right beginning there
for the first couple seconds of this
video now one cool thing I like to do is
using harmonics to kind of mimic a
whammy bar kind of sound so I have just
so you know actually this is my Lola my
telecasters a 60th anniversary American
Standard Telecaster get a lot of
questions about that and I'm running
into the Hampstead with this sound and
then I'm gonna kick in a Duane 69
overdrive pedal which looks like this
which gets me this out and I'm I kicking
the boots for a bit more so the gear
stuff out the way so you can see camera
two I have here on the guitar here and
what I'm going to do if you can do this
anywhere but if you go on the fifth and
on the fifth fret on the 4th and 3rd
strings and hit a harmonic double stops
she was doing the full string you got
that on the third string like so but I'm
gonna hit both of them at the same time
ok so I said double stop a double stop
harmonic you want to just lay across the
fret to be on the fret itself and get
that and then what we gonna do we
go on why that's ringing now we're gonna
bend just a third string behind the nut
down so it could be gained on your
brother see what I mean
so essentially one notes going up and
one notes going down I really like that
you could do on the third the second
rings ah that's really cool so yeah on
the 3rd of second strings yeah same
thing doing a harmonic and then pushing
down on the third string behind the nut
and so one notes going down one notch
going up ah so I stirred the note on the
third string sort of C on one it's going
up and then the open B is going down
pitch really cool again we just a search
just to show you on his own
and hit the third string on the fifth
fret you got up after your money
[Music]
all right so country guys were doing it
originally for example something like
that you know bar you get a really cool
way bar sound with that opening and then
pushing up the note behind the nut down
and then slowly bringing it up
[Music]
and it helps to do a guitar face while
you're doing it another idea so have you
heard of the band The Black Keys lonely
boy so if you want to covers band
playing in bars clubs chances are you're
playing that song and in that is got
their do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do and
I think he hits
um he hit some kind of pedal I'm not
sure of as a pitch shifter off that
should make sense if it's a pitch
shifter um lot of times I do that if I
got my strap I would do a wine bar dive
but if you're doing the gig and you
start playing a song I think oh god I've
got a Telecaster on this is what you can
do so very very easy it just requires a
little bit of ear pitching so I do this
about overdrive I do it without driver
so you got
[Music]
alright so using the tuners you can get
some really cool stuff
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
et cetera et cetera right so that's a
really cool thing and you don't just
have to do that so like I said you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and then hope you've been playing guitar
for a while you can hear what a low six
string sounds oh I'm if you could see my
tuner I'm dying in tune what my sixth
ring is anyway
[Music]
now this one I do like a little bit's
happen so I'm gonna zoom in a little bit
here you can see my hands a bit more
okay so this one let me show you first
this was at the beginning of the video
[Applause]
[Music]
so I really like this and yeah it's fun
so what I'm going to do I just do it by
overdrive for me so we're going to do an
open six string and then we're going to
bend behind the now
so that's going and then we're gonna tap
on the fifth fret if you're the key this
is and then you're gonna release the the
been behind the nut with your left hand
and then pull off with your first finger
ah
[Music]
I love it that simple things like that
please so then of course you can then
combine them all together and you're
kind of laughing there
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
here's another cool idea so it's a bit
weird and can be a little bit hard so
what we're gonna do you can be doing it
anywhere on the guitar I just happen to
be in the key of E the key of the people
do not hammer-on and pull-off
and then while you're doing it go behind
what you're doing
so if you can see me might be better on
this camera than I and then you're gonna
be pruning up and down with that you've
got that happening you know if you've
got relatively long nails like I have at
the moment she can you're now caught
under the street
[Music]
so a little bit harder it's a bit weird
but you know it's all these little
things just especially if you're playing
and a geek it makes people think what
the hell is that you know I mean he gets
people attention moved the whole Eddie
Van Halen thing now he used to turn
around actually when he started tapping
so that people couldn't see what he was
doing no it was a hearing out an owl
thing first you know they're hearing it
thinking what the hell is that then I
watched it I thought oh he's using two
hands he's some kind of alien you know
so it gets people's attention but like I
say it just changed things up a little
bit without having to rely on note of
effect pedals you know like
[Music]
you know that kind of stuff so let's do
one more tap one or stay in close up cam
just one you probably I'm sure you're
gonna hurt this there's also about Eddie
Van Halen just came in my head so you go
anywhere and then you're gonna tap and
do the bed with the left hand so let's
say I and them so you're doing whatever
you're doing and you got that third
string on the 14th fret and then I want
to bring the pitch back down again and I
want to be tapping back outside tapping
bending up and down almost like a
four-part oh why I'm still on that tap
mode you got that
[Music]
so again you can see all being combined
together so there you have it some
whammy bar tricks with the Telecaster
some of these ideas you might have seen
before hopefully some of them you're
like what the hell did that come from
give them a go you know and give them a
go with the wine bar as well if you've
got a strap doesn't mean you've got a
you can't do this but I thought it was
quite cool to do on a Telecaster and do
these ideas and a lot of it does define
no come from country guitar and you know
Telecaster country and they did a lot of
that kind of stuff for then rock guitar
players must kind of took it and you
know ran a little bit the so many ideas
that come to my head right now that's
the thing I've ever seen Jay Keely do
it's like a delay trick now down maybe
I'll do that another video but yeah wave
our tricks with a telecast are let me
know and of course there's nothing wrong
with a good old bend down and then it
ring out you know so go with your
imagination and try and get as many
tricks and effects out of the guitar
before you start stamping on things good
then when you got that down then you
start stamping on things your world's
your oyster anyway let me know your
thoughts guys I'll be Mike Bradley and
remember if you haven't done so already
there's a guitar clinic on September
23rd to all the people live in London
with myself and Dave Simpson and have a
you tube guitar player and there'll be a
link in the description box below if you
would like to get a ticket for it so our
hopefully word is limited to 20 people
and quite a few have been sold already
so yeah hopefully I'll see some of you
there and yeah looking forward to that
as well well show off my even shoulder
Jay Keely trick there as well anyway
hope you're well
see you soon Mike body sign