hello everyone please welcome and join
me these steps cooking today I'm going
to share with you black IP how to make a
delicious I'm going to use the 16 ounce
which is equal to 2 cup I'm going to
wash the black eye piece I'm going to
use a 4 cup of water 1 teaspoon salt and
I'm going to put it in pressure cooker
and we're going to wait until one vessel
once the vessel 1 we're going to turn
off the gas then we're going to let it
sit for 10 minutes until the heat
subside the second step will be the
third let's start it going to get the
pressure cooker Tanya gasps I'm going to
bring salt 4 cup of water black eye peas
wash and grains you don't have to soak
it for too long I just washed it which
takes a couple minutes one thing we need
to do justice to once put the lid on and
I'm going to let it sit and we're going
to wait for one vessel we have over
first whistle and I'm going to turn off
the gas we're going to wait until the
pressure subsides and I'm going to open
it the ingredients I'm going to use
injure paste minced garlic 1 teaspoon e
olive oil 1 tablespoon 1 red onion
tomato sauce which is a Tom's and then
of the use of the spices for my spice
where I will go with you
in each detail and let's start to get a
part and start your girls
I'll bring olive oil like 1 tablespoon
but 1 tsp we're going to have aji de
which is a cumin seed 1 TSP in the face
1 TSP on it
we're going to cook it like a 1020
seconds later onions and we're going to
saute our onion until they get
translucent and they will take 3-4
minutes our cerca is fully go I'll bring
all the spices black pepper 1 teaspoon
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder 1/2 TSP
coriander powder 1/2 teaspoon cumin
powder if you have a garam masala use it
1/2 TSP we're not going to add salt
because we already added it 1/2 TSP
paprika which is the keema
tomato sauce mix it well then your gas
to medium low and there we have all the
spices and our tomato sauce and I'm
going to put the lid on and we'll cook
it for two minutes while our cerci is a
getting cook and I'm going to check on
the pressure cooker little pressure and
I'll open it and we'll check on it this
is the important part that when we make
a dog we make a like a double ratio for
water this one still has a 1 cup water
so as you can see all the black peas or
fully go I'm going to add 2 more cup of
water so it's about 2 minute our Turkish
cook Osaka is full eco bring the black
eye peas it's a 2 cups give a stir once
all the turkey is and mix with the dog
so we're going to put the lid on will
cook exactly 5 minute cooking with the
closed lid for 5 minutes I'm going to
give a stir our black eye peas that
deliciously looking I'm going to bring
krisily may think 1 teaspoon
you can add fresh cilantro this is
perfect and now going to cover the lid
we're going to let it sit one more
minute one more minute I turn off the
gas
after adding Kasuri methi we're going to
add into a serving platter black eye
peas are all ready and they're very
delicious please try it and you will
love it it's going to give exactly the
same taste what we taste in rajma the
kidney beans and please try it you can
find this product in any Indian store
Walmart food Mac's a free and you must
be surprising how to cook it this is the
way to cook it in Indian style and you
will love it you serve with the roti
paratha chapati tortilla bread best of
all non if you like this please like
share and subscribe easy steps cooking
thank you very much bye bye