hello and welcome to the first ever 360
degree episode of Steve soft drink Shack
we're here in my backyard we're going to
look at one of my all-time favorites we
are looking
at Vanilla Coke Vanilla Coke is actually
a really interesting uh Coca-Cola
invention um it's not really new in a
way uh this was
first unofficially introduced in the
1940s back when people used to spend a
lot of time at the the soda fountains
the people would pour the sodas known as
Soda Jerks um you could often add a a
flavor syrup to your to your Cola and
they often added
vanilla
uh now Coke didn't really introduce this
actual flavor until 2003 although they
first kind of demoed a vanilla version
of Coca-Cola at the 1982 World's Fair in
Knoxville
Tennessee after uh Coke of failed to
introduce new Coke in 1985 they were
really hesitant to introduce anything
new and that's why it took until 2003 to
officially launch Vanilla
Coke now if you follow me through the
garden
here we can do the smell and taste
test smells like Coca-Cola with a little
bit of vanilla in
there and who am I kidding this isn't a
new taste test I love this stuff I think
it's the best I like it more than just
plain old Coke but in Canada here it's
really hard to get a hold of it's only
available here for a limited time which
is really unfortunate it would be really
nice if there were a way to you know be
able to enjoy a nice Vanilla Coke year
round
H fortunately there is you see the soda
jerk and the uh flavor syrup idea is
still around you can actually buy
vanilla flavor syrup for coffee this
one's by Da Vinci it's made with actual
uh sugar in it and this one that I got
from Toran is actually uh artificially
sweetened so you could actually take
this and combine it with
say Coke
Zero and make your own homemade vanilla
Coke Zero I'll show you how to do that
right
now I just take a
capful and mix it with a can of
cozero I don't even bother stirring it
the poure in of itself mixes it up just
right and there you have a homemade
vanilla Coke
zero
that
H for all intents and purposes it really
does smell and taste a lot like the real
thing now I hope you enjoyed this first
ever 360 episode of Steve sof ring shock
obviously we're still toying around with
the
format but uh let me know what you think
have a good
one