hi Adrian Here I am going to grow
physalis peruviana a Gordon berry
because I have some fluids I will not
use the paper towel method here because
the seats are so small inside is fluid
that it's better to plant these right
away into soil or at least for me I
think that will be a lot easier to
handle the seeds than the other way
around
now first I am going to open the seed
now this fluid to get its seed you can
see that there are many tiny seed inside
this fluid so this is what I want to get
but a bit more cleaner because if I
leave the fluid on the seed seeds them
they will drop easily I think so let's
try to remove them and clean them I have
some water here so I will try pushing
the seat oh nice those are nice clean
seed
I have pulled down the water now only a
small amount of water remains and I'm
going to dry the seeds in a paper towel
so that I can sew them more easily onto
the soil because when they are bad day
they stick to your fingers and that is
not so easy to sow the seeds sowing the
seeds I try to be gentle with those you
deceived they are so nice and tiny seeds
are pretty dry now I think I can plan
this I have prepared some normal potting
soil there is some perlite on the lower
levels and on the top there is just
normal
soil I am going to sow the seed nicely
it was such a long time ago when I last
saw seeds this way I guess so all all of
things because I don't know how many of
these will germinate better be safe with
more last step is to cover these seeds
with a very thin layer of soil
next step is to water this I am going to
water this from the top and from the
bottom up slab I'm your pour some water
to the bottom so the so I can I can get
as much water as it needs and for
seedlings I will just sprinkle water on
top and this way hopefully I will not
remove and the thin soil layer that's on
the seat I am doing this very gently and
slowly cutting a tiny tiny bit of water
see this way the seeds remain buried and
that's what we want
thank you so much for watching this
video I will keep you updated with these
Gordon berry seeds seedlings and see you
in the next video bye bye
[Music]