welcome back to the outdoor fireplace
edition here in Brighton Colorado and
today we are getting ready to hook up
our gas line to our valve our on and off
valve which will basically come out the
side right here and that way you can
have access to the on and off valve from
the outside of the fireplace so I just
wanted to walk you through a few the
things that we've been doing here and
right now you're working on our base of
our fireplace at this level this is
where the bottom of the fireplace will
sit and will build up from there so we
are at that point now where we're going
to start working our way up and once we
get our gas connected here we'll start
our next level over and take it from
there so I just wanted to walk you
through a little bit of that and show
you what we've been doing on the outdoor
fireplace and hope you join us next time
when we show you a little more progress
with the skeleton of the outdoor
fireplace so hope you join us in talk to
you soon