so I just decided to work with a plastic
bag as my base to cover the table just
easier for cleanup that way and I just
put a little bit of glue on the plastic
so I don't have to go back and forth to
pour the glue so I just stepped my paint
brush into the glue and put the glue all
around I basically used the top where
the wax of the candle stops as my guide
to where I stop putting the glue strokes
and I just did a thin coat of that all
around once you're done putting the glue
take your glitter choose the color you
would like and just shake it on to the
candle I chose the color gold because
I'm currently going through a everything
looks great in gold things and
everything I'm DIY or buying for my room
is pretty much gold and I just think it
looks chic elegant and really cute there
will be some excess glitter just let it
drop and you guys can pick it up
afterwards
are you some of the excess clutter that
had fallen to cover up some of the holes
once you're done just gently tap the
candle to remove any excess glitter let
it dry overnight just to make sure that
the glue is completely set I forgot to
film this part but I just added another
layer of glue the next day and once
again let it dry overnight putting a
second layer of glue is completely
optional but I just wanted to ensure
that the critters would not fall off
while the glue is still wet I just took
a tissue and I cleaned the edges to give
it a little more of a nicer cleaner
finish and there you have it you guys
have your very own really cute simple
gourd DIY candles