so let's have a look at waterproof
fabrics are the differences between them
on here at costs worn out door we have a
fantastic range of walk through jackets
they all use different fabrics and with
all these different names being thrown
around it can get a little confusing and
you're probably wondering what does it
all mean hopefully I can put your mind
at ease and help me choose the right
fabrics for you so first of all you need
to ask yourself what are you mostly
going to be using the fabric for are you
going mountaineering and you a runner or
a cyclist or do you just need a simple
jacket for walk into the shops in the
rain once you know the answer to this
question you'll one step closer to
finding the right jacket for you
what are three fabrics can be broken
down into two camps so we've got
waterproof and breathable and then we've
got coatings what's the difference
between the two and why do we need to
know right then if we pour a load of
water on top of all of these
you can see that they're all waterproof
to varying degrees and ultimately
they're all going to keep you dry should
the rain come your way but the big
difference between them all is the
breathability so if you're running
around or cycling or doing whatever
you're doing you're going to be
generating heat and moisture vapor that
moisture vapor needs to escape so what
does all this mean in the real world
well we've set up a simple experiment
with the help of my mug of tea to
hopefully explain what breathability is
and why it benefits you so for this
experiment we're going to imagine that
the steam coming off my cup of tea is
moisture vapor being created by your
body as you're moving in the outdoors
basically so if we start off with the
mug underneath a coated walkthrough
fabric and we just grab this bit of
glass you can see that there's not much
steam if any condensing on the on the
glass coming through the fabric so with
the coated fabric you might find it a
little bit sweaty if you're working hard
but as if we use exactly the same thing
with a waterproof and breathable fabric
you can see there's a lot more steam
condensing on the glass there which just
means that the fabric is much more
breathable and is letting through a lot
more moisture vapor so just to summarize
coated fabrics tend to be designed more
for low intensity activities so walking
the dog along the canal I'm going into
town if it's raining and then the
waterproof and breathable fabrics tend
to be more geared towards working hard
in the mountains in challenging
conditions
we've got loads of waterproof and
breathable fabrics for you to choose
from if you need any more help if you
use our store locator on the website you
can locate your local store and you can
talk to one of our friendly members of
staff