hey guys mtic is back with some
Borderlands 2 for you today of course
and this is just going to be a fairly
brief video I usually say that and it
ends up being a very very long video I
think I have a problem where I can't
make short videos but uh a lot of people
have recently requested uh like an
updated siren build that I use and uh
for anyone that's watched me play in a
live stream or anyone that's actually
played in a game with me they realiz I
chop and change quite a lot but the cool
thing now that there is so many skill
points available uh there are a lot more
diverse builds you can do and you can
actually do a lot more specific builds
but the majority of them are all based
upon the class mod that you use and it's
all based upon your own play style so so
I'll show you the build uh that I like
to use at the moment but again there's
so many different ways you can play this
game if you play multiplayer you might
actually want to spec more into a
support character whereas you would put
a lot more points into the harmony tree
and you would use something like maybe a
nurse class mod uh otherwise if you
wanted to do damage you go into
something like cataclysm and uh you also
put a couple in motion here but what
I'll do is like I said I'll show you the
build I've been using recently show you
the build I've been using in digistruct
Peak that's what most people wanted to
see and I'll explain a little bit about
it so as far as Weapons go you all know
what weapons I've got and uh the the
class mod that we're going to base this
around is one of the new ones which is
um a legendary cat it was included in
the latest uvhm upgrade pack number two
and they dropped from Chubby enemies so
you guys probably saw the video I did
showing you that you could get them and
yeah this is what I'm doing at the
moment this is what I'm basing my build
off the legendary C purely because it
seems to actually give you a fairly
solid damage boost and it gives you some
cool points into some skills that really
help you to get the damage out there so
that's what we're basing it off now as
far as what we got here so I'll try and
explain a bit about the Shen skills as
well how they work what they do and I'll
even show you a fight at the end of py
acostic Pete of course and I did it
earlier on a live stream where I think I
had about 15 points or 10 points left
over that I didn't spend because cesarin
really has some useless skills let's
just say that when it comes to fighting
raid bosses but of course to start off
any build you're going to need your
phase lock uh let's go over to the left
here so we're in the motion tree uh you
see that it's got the blue circle around
it or the teal Circle teal square
whatever that means that it's actually
got uh the additional points from the
legendary cat class mod so if you put
one in it you've got six in there
already so what I like to do is Max it
out which will give you if I can get
over there properly stop moving it'll
give you an extra 30% gun damage uh and
it'll also give you a plus 40% bullet
speed which is great for weapons like
the sand hwk where they have slow moving
projectiles so you can actually uh
decrease the time it takes to leave the
barrel of the gun and hit the target
which is quite good for like I said for
weapons that have slow moving
projectiles it makes them move a bit
quicker uh as far as what else I put in
here generally what I've been using
recently is suspension I Max suspension
out to five so what that does is uh it
increases the duration of your phase
lock so it adds plus 2.5 seconds to your
phase lock and what that means is if
you're mobbing or if you phase lock an
enemy up and you hold him up in the air
that'll keep him in the air for an extra
2 and 1 half seconds so very very handy
skill and it's really really good in
digit TR Peete because there are so many
smaller enemies and this skill also
comes into play with another one in the
harmony tree I'll talk about that in a
second uh in this tree there are a few
options you can if you wanted to you can
go all the way down uh into subsequence
here and the subsequence skill when it's
maxed out will actually when you phas
lock an enemy and then kill them the
phas lock will then seek out somebody
else and phase lock them but it all is
based upon the time from suspension so
if you have your first enemy up for a
couple of seconds and then your phase
lock goes out and finds another one uh
it's only going to lock him up for for
not as long as an original phase lock
would but it still come in handy and
especially when you combine it with
converge so definitely use converge if
you want to build where you are mobbing
and you are fighting a lot of smaller
enemies what converge does is when you
hit a target with your phase lock it has
a radius around it that will actually
draw enemies towards the initial phase
lock Target incredibly powerful for the
siren and like I said in digistruct it's
an absolute godsend to be able to hit
one enemy draw them all into one big
bunch and I mean if you sham Fleet you
can just devastate take just lay waste
uh even if you've got a fairly powerful
setup like a bee in a sand HW you can
just focus on the central uh Mass there
and just lay waste to everything there
but uh that's about all I do in this
tree the only thing that I might come
back to is Fleet and sometimes I
actually put Fleet on when I use the
brake neck Banshee class mod uh and also
use the Rough Rider Shield so I can run
really fast generally I only use that
when I'm farming uh but anyway we we may
come back to this we'll have a look next
tree is harmony so of course
we're going to be putting skills into
mine's eye so mine's eye we bumped that
up now what that gives us is get over
there we'll just keep it there all right
it gives us a plus 50% critical hit
damage so that means that the uh damage
modifier is increased by another plus
50% for your Critical Hits and it also
gives you plus 60% uh in your melee
damage there as well which first so
really doesn't do much there are a few
builds very very specific builds that
you can actually use um M moo with a
siren but it's not something I get into
uh this one here wreck definitely
something you want to do this is
incredible and especially with the new
class mod the legendary cat what it does
is when you have an enemy up in the air
and when you actually have it combined
with this you get an extra 2 and 1 half
seconds of course when you have an enemy
up in the air you gain a plus 100% fire
rate so anything you're shooting it will
shoot 100% faster uh it means that for
the it's almost made for weapons like
the [ __ ] it's made for weapons like the
sandhawk it's made for anything that has
a fairly decent fire rate uh the butches
the interfaces when a phase lock Target
is up in the air completely helpless get
a plus 100 100% fire rate boost and you
also get a plus 60% damage boost again
so that is a huge skill to have with the
siren and because you are relying on
phase loock so much when you are mobbing
in places like digistruct uh huge huge
huge skill to have that one there there
are other skills here that you can
actually use if you wanted to get
yourself a little bit of Health but
these again these are all optional
skills what I'm trying to go through at
the start is skills that I think are
essential for most builds with the siren
uh these are all ones we come back to in
a second jump over here so you can see
that as far as essential skills go uh
we've only spent a couple of points
there's not much here that I would
consider essential uh unless you were
doing a specific build like I said
earlier if you were doing a nursing or a
support build uh you would start looking
at more into these but we get into the
last tree which is cataclysm here and
this is when you start getting your
damage so uh with this I always uh go
all the way into foresight purely
because it gives you that plus 40%
magazine size and it also gives you uh a
plus 50% reload speed which is fantastic
couple that with uh something like a
really nice Relic to give you even more
ammunition for an SMG or a launcher and
you can actually carry around a lot more
ammunition uh than you would actually
imagine you can carry around a lot so I
always pump into that and because it's
actually uh already got the five in
there from the legendary cat we also get
uh a full 10 points in there which is
good I always spec five into flicker uh
what that does is it gives you a plus
30% more uh or you're 30% more likely to
cause Elemental effects with guns so the
siren is a character that uh is is
really really handy when she's using
things that have uh like fire corrosive
electrical and if you can use a relic uh
like a bone of the Ancients or something
like that that will actually give you uh
a boosted Elemental multiplier as well
you can really really do some serious
damage uh and continuing on from flicker
is emulate here so what we do is uh we
spec into emulate it's you can leave it
out if you are mobbing but it definitely
does help in most cases and it will help
you to get you up because what it does
is when you pump your points into it
it'll add plus 50% damage as fire damage
to all of your shots when you're in
Fight for Your Life so a lot of people
probably realize that that's how the
imilate trick works with the siren when
you use the I think it's they call it
the deal with the devil trick or the
deal with the devil build where uh if
you use a Banshee class mod that'll
actually give you plus six into emulate
uh you can actually do crazy damage with
a fire North Fleet even just a fire
sandw if you if you excuse me if you
spec correctly uh but yeah these in my
opinion definitely Essentials Reaper is
another one that is massive uh and
because the catod gives you points into
Reaper this this legendary cat mod is
one of the most incredible mods I think
you can get for the saen at the moment
to get a further plus 80% gun damage and
you remember we've already got the
damages from the earlier skills as well
uh and to get a further plus 80% gun
damage is absolutely massive so with
Reaper any enemy that has plus 50 or 50%
or more of their health you will do 80%
more damage until they drop below 50% so
this means that for builds uh like the
the imilate trick that you do with a
siren where you rely on instant damage
really huge damage initially uh that
really really helps and it can also mean
that uh it could be the difference
between life and death uh if you
actually go in and start a fight with a
fairly tough enemy you can actually
knock him down 80% faster until he gets
below that 50% and then you can sort of
uh switch up your tactics and and chip
away at him but now this is when we get
into uh sort of the territory where the
saen has a lot of skills that for raid
bosses and things like that they're
completely useless you look at these
skills where you've got uh Helios there
you've got Backdraft Cloud kill you got
Chain Reaction uh blight Phoenix I mean
all of these uh honestly fairly fairly
poor skills to use at the best of the
times unless you have an incredibly
specific build that relied on one of
those skills with maybe a kinetic
reflection build or something like that
uh or you had a skill where you were
using a a a setup where you would uh
actually
use uh I think
it's I think it's that one there you can
actually use Backdraft I believe with a
certain setup so you can actually heal
yourself when your Shields are down so
but again very very specific not really
hand handy for anything else what I
generally do here is I just put one in
each one because I want to get down here
ruin for anyone playing
uvhm 100% necessary what ruin does is it
gives the siren an ability to constantly
slag enemies by using her phase lock and
it's it's incredibly handy and of course
this one also connects to this one so
what that means is if you phase lock a
central Target and you have ruined along
with converge the ruin will pull all the
enemies towards a central Target slag
all of those enemies as well which means
you now have every enemy within the
affected radius is slagged one of them
is held up and weak and you also getting
the bonus damage from uh wreck and
everything else that you're getting when
you actually got the uh the phase lock
active and the enemy locked up so
definitely definitely so that's what I'm
going to call my base build that's
that's skills that I generally use in
every single build that I do and you'll
see that we've we've got 20 left uh 20
skills left at the moment so uh if you
look at them now it it really comes down
to your preference as to where you want
to spend those you might want to try and
get down uh this tree you might want to
Speck a little bit into healing you
might want to I don't know put more
points here if if you for whatever
reason you wanted to do that but that is
what I'm going to say is is uh a base
build the extra 20 points spend them
wherever you want uh that's that's all I
can say so as far as if you look at this
now I don't know if I'd be able to do it
with
20 accelerate so all that one does is
that gives you better um Shield capacity
and shield recharge delay the only thing
that is really handy in that skill in
uvhm is The Shield recharge delay Shield
capacity doesn't mean anything because
pretty much well every single enemy on
the battlefield will drop your shield
with one bullet so Shield capacity
doesn't mean anything The Shield
recharge delay very very handy with the
be Shield because it means that if you
do take a few shots it will start
recharging much faster um but again
there's nothing in here that would
really give me an advantage against a
raid Boss Next One Sweet release no good
against raid boss restoration AED res
recompense doesn't really work that well
unless you have a very specific build uh
sustenance LIF tap scorn scorn you can
use if you want to do some crazy
slagging and uh if you are in a laggy
game you can do these massive scorn
explosions that I think baru discovered
but again nothing really in there that's
going to help us with a fight against a
raid boss and again this tree is pretty
much well stocked as far as damage goes
against a raid boss so what we might try
and do we'll keep those 20 points
there I'm going to go with an electric
Sandy electric sand handw we're going to
put on a electric bone of the Ancients
and of course what these do is see how
this one gives you the plus 38% shock
damage on this Relic um what that
couples with
is this one here
whoops this one here flicker so what
that does is that gives you a 30% uh
chance to do to more likely cause
Elemental effects with guns so if you
are causing the elemental effects and
then you have a relic down here that's
giving you plus 38% shock damage it's
all going to stack and it's all going to
combine in some mystical magical
mathematical way to really help you out
to help you do damage so what we're
going to do is we're going to slam on a
b Shield because I am a nuob and I I
need to use the B uh I've got a storm
front there of course The Relic and
we've got the uh flying sand HW and the
flying sand HW is uh the flying variant
of a d SMG means that the projectile
speeds faster and again that comes back
to
to accelerate which is there so that
increases our bullet speed again so if
we're using the flying sand and we're
also using accelerate it means we've
getting much much faster sandw bullets
so absolute ramble ramble there but a
few people requested just to talk about
a siren build but like I said that's a
base tree you've got 20 extra points put
them wherever you want mess around with
them um but yeah for fighting raid
bosses and stuff a lot of the other
skills that are available now not really
needed and I'll demonstrate that by I
might have to buy some
health B of Health what we'll do is
we'll go down and we'll see if we can
actually fight Pete with uh 20 spare
points there so we're going to be using
the uh flying sand HW B legendary cat
with a bone of the ancient so we'll get
down oh I wanted to say how good is that
skin and head for my that I don't think
I'm ever going to make another thumbnail
with another picture ever again that's
the best set up in the game uh that's
the new Community Day skin there is a a
trick out at the moment I don't know if
it's intentional but I'll try and Link
it in the description there's actually a
way to farm the new community uh day
heads and skins in the game and it's
incredibly easy I'll link it in the
description uh I can't remember the the
original guy that I discovered it damn
I'll link it it's killer six's video but
he was actually pointed it out by
somebody else but I can't remember who
it was sorry you know who you are you're
a legend anyway I'll put that in the
description if you want to go and get
those and the siren setup like that best
I don't care what you say I just bump
the mic but that's the best all right
anyway this was like I said this was
supposed to be a very short video it's
probably four five weeks long already
but uh that's just how it works I get
talking and I'm like yeah I can talk
I'll talk for a little while what's it
30 seconds I look down it's like 20
minutes so yeah like I said uh this
whole video was just talking about the
siren skills what I'm using and uh
what's effective so and like I said that
that's my base build I use and these
extra 20 points are points that uh are
pretty much all left up to you spend
them wherever you want to spend them
spend them where you think they will
help your play style and that's
something that it comes down to at the
end of the day it's it's your play style
so play the game uh how you are
comfortable with it and if you can find
something in those extra 20 points there
that can help you out then more power to
you brother and sister I know there's
like I think I've got about seven 7%
female viewers out there they're out
there they're out there all right so
let's see how we go I guess I'll Pete
here so we actually did a live stream
today uh so a lot of people might have
seen it already but I think we did it
with about 15 extra points so I don't
know if I'll be able to do it with 20
but I think I should be able
to I can't
Pete put up a fight
brother he is still one of the easiest
bosses in the game to actually fight and
farm but again he's I I really like his
design it's more like it's more like a
battle that you actually have to think
about it's not just Mindless like Dodge
this this is undodgeable it's it's
something that it feels a lot more like
a a a very mechanical boss fight in the
way that if you just stick to the the
routine and jump at the right time move
at the right time you can get it out of
the way and that's something that I wish
they would focus more on I mean when you
had uh game back in the day I mean I can
say back in the day because I'm so old
but a lot of games back in the day we
used to play when you you you'd have a
boss fight in a game and you'd have to
work out his patterns his strategies and
then the the first maybe 10 20 times
you'd be like this is impossible this is
ridiculous and then eventually what
would happen is you would find a pattern
that if you could uh use your skill and
Dodge at the right time uh what would
happen was I don't know can we kill him
we'll see if we can without going to the
thing
yeah what would happen is you would
learn the patterns and you could use
your skill eventually and uh if you
jumped at the right time dodged at the
right time you could get the boss fight
done but with fights in this game a lot
of it just relies on you having crazy
crazy uh spec weaponry and if you don't
have exactly the right gear uh you will
just get massacred but anyway hopefully
the build advice helps like I said
though it all comes down to your
personal preferences uh I can't say this
is a be all end all uh strategy to
actually uh used with a siren but again
if some people might see the video see
some of the skills and go oh I didn't
understand how that worked or oh that's
cool I didn't know that that skill would
combine with this hopefully that'll help
someone out I got to make sure I don't
miss any weapons because that would be
the number one comment if I missed a
weapon would be you missed this you're
an idiot sticky lobbed incendiary O
Negative
77 no there's no pearls no there's no
legendaries we'll crack the chest to end
the video of course but like I said I
hope uh that was a little bit of insight
into the way I like to play the siren
they are the core builds uh or the core
skills that I think you should include
in in most builds with a sign like I
said there are a lot of specific builds
you can probably find them on the
gearbox forums or the wikis where they
will explain uh different skill sets
where if you uh wanted to have a very
specific role when you play the game uh
you would actually SPC completely
differently but for me a lot lot of
people said show me your skill trees
please do this please do that and I
thought I'd actually make a little bit
of a video and show you what I am
rocking at the moment unfortunately we
got no legendaries no
nothing all right guys hope you enjoyed
that little insight into the way I like
to play the siren uh let me know in the
comments if you've got any other advice
or any other strategies any other builds
if people ask questions try and help
them out uh give them tips on things
that you like to do with a siren and uh
yeah help each other out and spend them
20 points wherever you want to spend
them all right guys I hope you enjoyed
and until the next video we'll see you
later