we have this Ruby beautiful diamond in
the rough she's a blue 5 Staffordshire
this for people I don't know blue father
it takes the red nose and a blue nose so
what I'm gonna do right now will
lubricate the syringe such an area you
see she's flagging
besides the area it's kind of gross you
stick your finger in there stick your
finger in there and I feel her
contracted a little bit so you stick
this under the finger want to do it up
and over real slow real slow so you
can't stop you can't go no more
I think that's where she can stop let me
feel around you know that's about far
she go we had nine milliliters of pure
Kate soup
golden semen so we're gonna go ahead and
Jessen with that make sure you get no
air bubbles nice and slow with the
injection and you see the semen semen
specimen is highly concentrated it's
cloudy very cloudy keep your finger in
there
you grab a deposit holding upside-down
I'm better contracting so she isn't she
she's very receptive
maybe net at the lake three days and you
see my boy visit he's an American Bully
was a lot stronger and heavier than
Huracan very very hard to breed them and
it was whilst reading this order so
she's never liked a beautiful koi by
planet America and snap American
Staffordshire and he's about a good 80
pounds little muscle aggressive strong
he was treated like a lady
go ahead and cut this video short let's
give the awkward and they got the
support of an American this will get a
bill to come complete