[Music]
na Co here guys thanks for joining me in
the bathroom wait a seconds did we see a
bathroom yes okay nothing crazy here
we're just doing a toilet seat okay got
the neighbor kid who came over here
decided I don't know what he was doing
in here fell over sideways broke the uh
the hinge actually the screws were kind
of messed up for for this past week so
screws already stripped out but we're
going to give him a hard time for a long
time okay I've got um a replacement
toilet seat right here it's a church
toilet seat um couple important things
to know first of all what to to choose
to get a toilet
seat all right all right let's see if I
do this in the camera best I can see
this is a rounded toilet seat okay you
have also your elongated ones which will
be you know like 3 in 4 inches longer
they're bit a lot more oval shaped okay
so first make sure which one you need um
that's basically be either round or
elongated okay second thing is this know
your color are are you white or almond
or that's pretty much it you know
there's a couple other eyeball specialty
ones um but then just know what you want
there okay then there are a couple of
special features which this toilet seems
to have um got on clearance wasn't sure
what it had when I first got it I just
like oh it's clearance I'll get that
okay this has the quiet clo hinges which
means they're actually like uh
spring-loaded so when it when you drop
it if the kids let go and drop it it
doesn't slam it actually slowly close
itself okay really awesome for anyone
that have kids it keeps dropping the
toilet seats and You Hear It Slam you're
just like ah okay and then the other
really cool
thing with these bolts right here
they're going to actually allow us to
snap the toilet seat off um without
removing the bolts for cleaning okay and
I'll show you guys that towards the end
when we get this angle together first
let's get rid of the old broken stinky
toilet seat okay okay now that we're
down here uh this is pretty typical uh
toilet seat the way it mounts with these
bolts this is a very traditional toilet
seat right here so just take your
box okay and uh let's get rid of
this stinky old thing all right now we
got to get these hinges off okay so for
the most part you just need a straight
screwdriver you're going to open up the
cap okay these are nice and greasy
that's just
okay most of the time there is a
straight
screwdriver um slot in here but some of
them don't have it each one's just a
little bit different so we're just going
to have to hold it while we unscrew the
base the ones that have the screwdriver
slot in them are a little bit nicer
because you can tighten them up easier
this one here I guess was just
cheaper
all right you guys can see that that's
kind of disgusting but that's also the
area that you just can't reach when you
clean you just can't reach that
area Okay this new tool is supposed to
have a an easy release and we'll check
that out um I'm looking at the hardware
for it and it's a little bit different
than I'm used to the ones I'm used to
have the quick release you install the
bolts and they have studs that stick up
right here you put the toilet seat down
and then the two pieces where the hinges
are they do like a quarter turn and they
lock in okay very cool these ones are a
little bit different all right so you're
you're supposed to take your seats on
this church mall right here let's get
this old one out of the
way
okay all
[Music]
right all right so the instructions say
you take your two bolts
going flip the toilet seat over you
might want to not do this over the
toilet seat don't drop them in here but
I'm going
to all right let's pop the Caps
open all
right supposed to push the bolts into
place turn it back over insert
them okay
push the caps in is what it says to
do and then you're just going to take
these two pieces we're going to hand
tighten them up this actually has a snap
off um feature I guess so that you know
that it's tight enough without being too
tight so we're just going to hand
tighten them really quick all
right all right now if it's hand
tightened you're going to go ahead and
finish this up with either a wrench or a
socket a/ in is what the instructions
called for
okay and it just breaks off when it hits
a certain
tightness
okay now that's
done all
right so you can see here that this
toilet if they go to close
it nice feature slow
close same with the lid so it won't
slam all right guys I just figured out
how this seat removes for easy cleaning
okay instead of having the two quarter
turn locking pieces here the Caps
themselves you see this Ridge right here
um trying to get my hand out of the way
you see this Ridge right here that holds
all these notches down and tight so it
seat doesn't pop up when it's in use but
when you lift them up it releases these
locks and you can just carefully
but sternly move it up and now you can
easily clean those areas you couldn't
clean
before and see now that the Caps are
down toilet seat is tight and it's not
going
anywhere okay so there we go toilet seat
is installed right old JY broken one is
out there a little wipe up the area
there where you can't clean put the new
one in show you guys how to install it
and how easy it pops off so you can
clean it and get all those areas to get
really nasty especially if if like
little boys in the house or this and
that so guys I hope this install video
helped you guys out I know some people
are like well that was easy thing but
not everyone knows how to do all these
little things around the house so please
share this video so others like you can
watch it and learn how to do this and uh
please give this video a thumbs up
because it always helps out please
subscribe to the channel and check out
uh my other videos while you're there
also I got a website greaty ninja.com
there'll be a clickable link in the
description down below that has uh all
my videos compiled um from different
channels and stuff like that and a
really easy way to find them other than
that you guys have a great one