hi I'm Kate McDermott of Arthur the PI
and today I'm going to be showing you
how to make your very own gluten-free
flour mix that you can use for your
gluten-free baking if you have the book
art of the pie you'll find this recipe
on page 79 you'll need four things
tapioca starch corn starch sweet white
rice flour and potato starch and a big
jar or a bowl something a big vessel to
be able to mix it in so today I'm going
to make a double recipe so it'll be good
for two pies and what I have put in here
is one and a half cups of tapioca starch
that's 190 grams if you are a scale
measurer it's okay if you're a little
messy like me then I'm going to put in
my corn starch for the double recipe I'm
putting in one and a half cups or a
hundred and ninety-six grams now comes
my sweet white rice flour and you can
always try and say that three times
really fast I'm going to be putting in
one and a half cups and that'll be 232
grams if you are measuring finally I'll
be putting in potato starch for my
double recipe that's 1/2 a cup and
that'll be a hundred and seventy four
grams once I have basically everything
in here I have a little bit round here
but that's not an issue then I will put
the lid on my jar and shake it up and
now I have a gluten-free flour mix to be
able to use in my baking thanks so much
for joining me today