happy Crockett Monday y'all this week
we're doing another breakfast recipe for
you we've done casseroles before but we
decided to do a recipe submission that
was in our cookbook it's by Shirley
Martin and it's called apple cinnamon
still cut oatmeal and Nicole's gonna
walk us through it we've said before we
love breakfast
I do love breakfast one being I've
always loved breakfast I'm a big
breakfast fan but - I'm not a morning
person
I've said that in the past but I'll say
it again so it's so nice to wake up and
have breakfast already ready I feel like
an scrambled so much in the mornings and
I can get breakfast in the kids dressed
and out the door but it feels like what
just happy about if you have breakfast
like dodging a devil it's off your list
and my husband might appreciate it too
because I'm not a morning person also I
let the kids be my alarm clock so it's
nice to have it to work the early bird
in the house can get up and have
breakfast too instead of drinking just
coffee in the morning and there's a lot
of families out there that you know
leave at different times in the morning
so this is perfect sports practices
stuff like that it's great for it okay
I'm going to walk you through it Jenna's
gonna put it in the crock for us it's
two cups of steel-cut oats that is not
instant if you get the instant it won't
turn out five cups of milk you can use
skim milk and students have a five cup
measure we didn't have a five cup gallo
to add an additional cup so that was
four cups this is going to make it five
then four cups of water
and then you're going to peel and dice
one Golden Delicious apple get that down
in there and I'm sure you could add more
apples if you want if you want more
fruit in it yeah definitely um one
teaspoon of ground cinnamon because you
really couldn't have too much do too
much and then one teaspoon of vanilla
my favorite part can't go wrong with
vanilla now my kids love oatmeal to you
perfect for still a my youngest who's
just now about to be one good breakfast
food for her and then a half a teaspoon
of salt I'm just gonna put a little in
my hand and then just stir it up get a
good mix smells so good best milk is
good smell the wakeup - yes he'll
definitely be hungry in the morning from
the aroma maybe it'll wake the kids up
stead of me having to go waking up my
kids sleep in and then when that's good
and stirred up you're going to cover
just gonna get a one click on low all
night seven to eight hours how easy is
that and you have got a nice warm
breakfast when you wake up for the
morning this is perfect for my house too
because I go to bed late so I can start
it and then
gets up early and he can enjoy yeah
perfect
I hope you all enjoy the oatmeal have a
great week
happy cracking y'all
you