what is up guys and welcome back to the
salivatory all right guys so today I am
here with my brother Charlie he also
make sure to go check it out I have a
link for it in the description down
below so yeah so it's still spinning
it's still spinning okay guys so today
we are going to be doing another testing
video and this time we're going to be
testing out different shaving creams to
see what brand and what kind of shaving
cream is the best shaving cream to cream
shave don't forget about the giveaway I
doing I have more information about that
in the description down below that is it
guys let's just get straight on into the
video
yo all right guys so here is how it's
going to go wow okay so I got five
different girl shaving creams and five
different guy shaving creams so we are
going to have like a girl versus guy
here so you guys comment down below #
girl cream or # booy cream oh yeah and
we're going to see who shaving cream WI
wins let's go and let's just start
making the Slime because I want to make
them I love fluff slime we're going to
make it I be it with contact losses who
cares about you so let's go sh all right
so I have pure silk rich and luxurious
shave cream and I have Gillette Series 3
* something is that gel yes it's gel got
to tell them it's gel this is gel this
is shaving gel not cream don't get
confusion let's start guys why are you
putting the shaving cream first this how
you do it on are you an idiot
uh Charlie yes what are you shaving is
this not testing different shaving
creams yes for slime why do you think we
have glue here you think this was like a
facial mask oh that well you know I
thought that was kind of weird that you
had glue here oh my God Charlie you all
right okay so you know what you're doing
now right yeah I'm eating
glue we're making fluffy SL Charlie
fluffy slime all right mine is is really
sexy blue all right guys let's just do
some ASM right now and you guys can
decide who wins this round probably all
right here is my slime and I think I'm
going to call this like a banana Cloud
what the heck kind of cloud is
that all right guys so that was my slime
so you thought that my slime won comment
round one # teamgirl cream team loser
and then that goes the same for Charlie
all right so this is mine uh I'm going
to call
mine blue booby cuz it's
jiggly shut your [ __ ] all right and then
we're going to poop this out of my butt
what ah you heard me poop it out of my
butt all
right
I win this round so you like mine better
make sure to comment down below #g girl
cream and if you like mine better you
put # te boy cream oh God all right guys
next one why are all of Charlie's shavy
creams like so cool like his has
Transformers on it and mine has a
freaking Transformers activate it just
has a stupid raspberry on it Megatron I
Choose You girl shaving companies
whoever makes these girl shaving creams
can you guys like make them cooler put
like Spider-Man on it or something or
Batman I don't know just put something
on it no put door the Exploder okay so
this time I have equate shave cream it
is raspberry and I love this raspberry
Charlie are you going to say which one
you have yeah I have Edge ultimate
performance it's got a Transformer on it
so we're Gucci and obviously as you guys
can tell it's
gel
oh yeah we're putting activator eyeball
solution is that what this is no Charlie
you're supposed to say Transformers
activate I get it
[Music]
no
okay that's kind of freaky Charlie I'm
kind of freaky
again a you did the same one as me no
you did the same one as
me okay guys let's do some a and Mer oh
yeah oh
yeah okay so I feel like this one is
more
moisturizing this one says says
moisturizing with olive yes with olives
are those olives so I feel like this one
is softer um as you can tell this one
looks like a bit dry that is it about
this one so this is what we're going to
call mine we're going to call it pig's
heart why because it looks exactly like
the shape of a duck as you can see I
think this one is like [ __ ] than this
one see okay what happened to this one
deflated like a balloon I love your
sound effects CH yeah that's a balloon
but
face right
here hey everybody my name is Laffy
Taffy the clown and I'm sad all the time
so let's uh let's just freaking FBI and
to say this right
here yeah it looks like my intestines a
little bit like a mir's brain man I
really love this slime right here this
is some Gucci slime okay guys so I used
the edge for this one the one with the
Transformer on it right there you see
Transformer that's freaking Optimist
Tron next you guys if you want to see a
giant fluffy slime movie make sure you
stay to the end of the video because
we're going to be doing the giant slime
movie and also we're going to poke all
of them you know compare them at the end
so
yeah all righty so I have equate dry
skin shave
gel and I have regular shave foam for
smooth and comfortable shave shave shave
cave
uh does anybody know why contact lens
solution activates shaving cream but
like you know if it doesn't have shaving
cream you have to use baking soda can
somebody tell me that Charlie I think
you need more shaving cream all right
all righty let's do some ASMR now yeah
all right now let's uh oh yes
baby now I like this one
better uh can
I oh
[Applause]
yes
quiet this one's even fluffier than the
gel one if you guys want to know which
shaving cream this is it's this one
right
here let me just clean it for you oh my
God it's this equate shap foam for a
smooth and comfortable
shave there you go now we're going to do
that and Perfecto all right guys I use
dry skin shaving gel I mean shav gel not
shaving gel
okay day and
night oh oh okay um this is like less
fluffy but like fluffy at the same time
it's really weird it's got a really
weird texture it's very creamy creamy
too and like very jiggly so I
guess I don't know I don't really like
it I like more fluffy all right so my
next one is eos evolution of smooth
shave cream what the heck that's a cool
looking botle yeah I know it is excuse
me uh well I think this is more like
lotion but who cares you know I've been
actually like so excited to try this cuz
like it's in such a cool bottle so you
know and I have Gillette foamy sensitive
skin can
[Music]
is it working
no yeah I think I need some um baking
soda it's scw the wait one second
guys oh my God where the heck did she
go I'm so lost without
you what the balls
sry what did you go
do just want to go get some baking soda
yours is so awesome it's like like a
banana this is a a ban what kind of ban
okay all right guys let's do some as and
Mer okay guys here is my slime it's
basically just regular slime with lotion
in it let me show you I should have made
it pink why didn't I make it Pink cuz
you're anyways here you
go mhm nice it's very thick I can tell
you that
can't all right guys so this one was a
fail and um I mean I guess it's pretty
self-explanatory cuz it's you know
lotion basically but you know it
actually made a pretty nice slime all
right my turn so what we got here is
this really nice fluffy slime like it's
really fluffy it's even fluffier than
this one and this one was pretty fluffy
cuz it was fluffier than this one and
this one was pretty dang fluffy cuz it
was even fluffier than that one but this
one is the fluffiest of them all look at
that
it stays in whatever shape you put it in
kind
of that's nice yeah I know it is it's
basically like I'm grabbing shaving
cream this is the one I use Gillette
foamy sensitive and some something and
your apple pies okay and it says foamy
so that's probably why it's so fluffy
right yeah foam fluff fluff foam let's
do some fbn say
time you can just hear how dense it
is
all righty guys we are all done with the
Shaving creams now let's do a slime
smoothie and just a quick like little
you
know review on these uh slimers all
right guys here is the first one it is
super fluffy and I feel like this one
might be the fluffiest but I'm not sure
then we have this one right here this is
the second
one it's also very nice but it's not as
fluffy as this one and then here over
here is the gel one this one is like
really weird
and like I don't know I don't know what
to say about this one but I like it
still then here's the last one this is
like the lotion shaving cream one it's
basically just normal slime with lotion
in it all right so what we got here
first this was my first one right here
come over here all right this one is the
one I called jiggly boob it was my first
one it's it's it's bad all right we're
just going to pass on to the next one
this was the second one which was also a
shaving gel and it's pretty good it
seems like shaving gels don't work too
well and now I have this one which was a
shaving cream oh you know a frosting
flamy foamy thingy all right and uh this
one is pretty uh it was baby pretty
nice the best one of all of them is this
one the one that was like what was it
Gillette this was Gillette sh shaving
cream this was Gillette shaving cream
and as you can see it's still very foamy
look at that
this one is awesome look at that oh my
gosh obviously it was # uh boy cream
that won right it was no he's already
even fluffy look at that it's so fluffy
mine oh
yeah all right guys here is the Slime
smoothie now so yeah here it is it's
like a beautiful like freaking unicorn
be
this is like princess cesia slime all
[Music]
righty
[Music]
wow where are the Wild Things
Grow # girl cream Yoo
o my turn all right put this all right
here's mine so I guess we just like poke
it or something
mhm this is Optimus Prime
slime prime time you haven't even seen
me in my final form okay it's not coming
with me all right oh my God that looks
beautiful your mother looks beautiful
thank
you
why don't they make like lollipops like
this they do this color Yes Tre you're
mixing it too much you got to do the
swirl what swirl I can't this thing is
too heavy I can help you all right
swirling oh this oh oh
oh # booy cream let's get it you know
got that guy shaving cream it works much
better than the woman's all righty guys
so that the video make sure to comment
down below whose team you thought want #
girl cream # booy cream and that is it
guys I love you so much and I really
really hope I see you guys next time bye
oh my
God