hi my name is Joey Papa I'm a coffee
consultant and today we're going to
learn how to make a white chocolate
Blended mocha now the term white mocha
all it means is that it's the
combination of white chocolate syrup
with coffee and in order to make the
Blended mocha you're going to need a
blender we're going to need some milk a
serving glass some instant coffee coffee
or you could use a shot of espresso
we're going to need some white mocha
syrup and some maple syrup and what
we're going to do is we're going to take
all of these ingredients and we're going
to blend them up in our blender to
create a very smooth and consistent
textured blended beverage that you could
enjoy on a hot day or a cold day uh it
could ALS it'll also have caffeine in it
to give you an extra pep in your step
for the day so let's get started first
we're going to take one cup of milk of
your choice soy milk whole milk milk
non-fat milk whatever you prefer and
we're going to add that to the blender
once you have your cup of milk in the
blender you're then going to measure out
a half a cup of your white chocolate
syrup you're going to put that white
chocolate syrup in the blender and then
you're going to measure out a half a cup
of maple syrup put the maple syrup in
the blender once you have all of those
wet ingredients in the blender you're
then going to take your instant coffee
packets and again you could also use 2
tablespoons of instant coffee if you're
not not using packets like we are here
today and you're going to add that to
the blender then you're going to take a
full cup of ice fill the cup to the brim
and today we're using a 16 oz cup of ice
and pour that into your blender go ahead
and put the top of the blender back on
and turn your blender on high for about
2 to 3 minutes now after that is done
blending you can open the top and check
the consistency some blenders that are
not as um high-end may not blend the ice
that well and you can end up with large
chunks of ice in your beverage and we
don't want that so if that does happen
just go ahead and put the top back on
and blend for 30 seconds and check the
consistency every 30 seconds until the
beverage is smooth and consistent once
you have the texture you're looking for
go ahead and pour it into your serving
glass you could top it off with whipped
cream or some cinnamon powder whatever
you desire again my name is Joey Papa
I'm a coffee consultant and today we
learned how to make a white mocha
chocolate Blended mocha