hey you in this video will turn all of
this into a beautiful turnip soup with
cheese toast this recipe comes from
Deborah Madison's the new vegetarian
cooking for everyone as part of the
virtual cookbook club
we'll start by peeling your turnips the
outer skin is so thick that using a
knife to cut it off a pieces is much
quicker than using a peeler and then
peel your potato now watch how we do the
leek after removing the green leaves and
the roots just peel off the outer skin
and voila it's cleaned now flip over
your cutting board to avoid
contaminating your clean veggies with
the mess we just created and slice your
leeks then your potatoes and finally eat
the turnips the thinner for all of this
the better now if you're cooking along
it's time to pause the video
we're back heat a soup pot and drop in
some butter but be careful as the soup
pot will heat quickly and that can burn
your butter like you see here oops so
add the sliced vegetables really quickly
and let them soften for about five
minutes
in the meantime chop your garlic add it
to the pot and same for your parsley now
it's time to pause the video again let's
get back to it add in your time water or
stock and salt bring it to a boil and
while that's happening let's take care
of your greens if you're using them pick
out the healthy looking ones and now
remove the middle stem then stack the
leaves into a tight roll and slice it
into ribbons so pause the video again
and do those steps
by now your soup should be out of oil so
reduce the heat to a simmer and
partially cover at a simmer for about 25
minutes
in the meantime wash the greens and
simmer those in salted water until
they're tender if you are making cheese
toast now's a good time for that too so
pause the video to reduce the heat and
make your greens and toast by now your
soup should be finished simmering so
test the veggies to be sure they're soft
now carefully pureed the soup and yes I
burned my little toasts but at least I
couldn't cut off the burnt part if you
are freezing part of your soup now's the
time to divide it up
freeze soups before adding dairy and
then add the dairy when you're reheating
the frozen portions but for the part
you're savoring now stir in the milk and
serve with cheese toasts and green
ribbons that's it for this video of the
virtual cookbook club please like this
video if you enjoyed it i'm jenna
edwards you're cooking companion