oh hey over there it's Sara and this
week I'm going to be bringing you to
Lake Tahoe
now I've connected with the local
experts and tourism things to do eat and
see here in this area and I'm going to
be sharing it all in this video this is
America's largest Alpine created Lake
the water was created by a glacier and
that's why it's so beautifully blue this
is the biggest attraction here but
there's so much more to do all year
round so join me as I show you home
things to do here in South Lake Tahoe
let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
now the easiest way to get here from New
York is to take the JetBlue flight they
are the only airline that offers daily
direct flights from NYC to Reno Lake
Tahoe area once you get off the plane
hump on the South Tahoe Airport or
shuttle it's a 1 hour and 15 minute ride
straight from the airport to Lake Tahoe
and you'll get there before you even
know it
I recommend spending about 4 to 5 days
so you get the full experience and if
you're looking for a cheaper way to see
it I recommend doing a midweek stay and
that's when the hotel prices will be
lower
you should come during shoulder season
so right in between the summer and
winter there's still a lot going on and
it's kind of like you're local because
there's barely any tourists there so you
get to experience everything but with
way less people now during my stay here
in Lake Tahoe I'll be staying at the
Black Bear Lodge this is a rustic cabin
style boutique luxury hotel they have
four cabins on property and five guest
houses inside their main lodge and I'm
lucky enough to be staying in one of
their cabins the bedroom has a fireplace
in these cabins seriously after spending
a night with a fireplace in my bedroom
I really don't think I can go back to
living in a normal room best night's
sleep ever ever this place is super
romantic I see a lot of couples and then
there's just me right here just enjoying
my fireplace like a real champ the Black
Bear Lodge is ideally located moments
from the shores of the famous Lake Tahoe
and the slopes of Heavenly Mountain
which is a world-class ski resort it's
also walking distance from some of the
best restaurants in town so you really
don't need a car here I'm gonna be
taking a lime bike around
and that's how I plan on getting around
but of course ubers are available and
calves whatever you prefer you can do it
my favorite thing is their in-house a
spa and they also have a hot tub on the
property which I'll be doing later
obviously how can you resist a hot tub
so I'm excited to stay here now let's go
check out some other things to do here
Lake Tahoe it's gonna be a fun day okay
I'm gonna be taking lime bikes all
around town this is one of the easiest
and also most healthy ways to get around
so I had to add money onto my app all I
have to do is hit scan to ride right
here I scan this barcode and then I can
unlock the bike love it
okay so now when I go to the beach we're
gonna check it out
[Music]
beautiful beads here in South Lake Tahoe
with powdery sand and of course you get
the classic view
clear aqua brulee
it's a great place to come and relax the
other great thing about ski run marina
village is that they have tons of
activities that you can do and rent
while you're here like stand-up
paddleboard kayaking jetski boat rentals
or this weird go-kart bicycle thing that
I'm sitting in I have no idea what this
is but when you come here you can do it
if you want while you're here in ski run
marina village a great place to go for
dinner or lunch is the Riva grill this
is a lakefront upscale American
restaurant with an interior that's
designed to be looking like a Riva boat
now if you've never heard what a Riva
boat is there's an upscale speedboat
they only make about 20 of these every
year and they cost about two hundred
thousand dollars while you're dining
here my little insider tip is to ask for
outside seating and if you go during
sunset it's so beautiful and of course
like when you're visiting Tahoe you want
to be able to be here for sunset so
definitely plan your trip around staying
at least one night this place has really
really good just American food I got a
flamin yawn and loved it there's also
tartare seafoods
you can really find everything here and
they have really great rum drinks as
well so I'm here at sample - Sierra this
is a annual event that shows off the
local food and drinks team here in Lake
Tahoe the event brings together local
chefs and restaurants with neighboring
growers and producers to turn out
samples that are craftily paired with
the appropriate wine or brew the
festival marketplace also includes
locally made goods such as jammed
soap honey and olive oil along with
specialty products created right here in
Tahoe now what I have here is one of the
many samples you can get this is from
the loft
one of the local restaurants California
wine is just like not even come
parable to other one in the u.s. very
oaky delish and this is their food
pairing which is a wild boar cannoli
with pink vodka sauce take a look at
that deliciousness that's a wild boar
cannoli people the other cool thing that
happens inside this event is the annual
Sierra chefs challenge they have four
restaurants competing it is the cold
water Ferrari and Grill the lake house
Vitalik catering CO and Edgewood Tahoe
so those are four spots that you should
definitely visit when you're here in
town they have live music that occurs
throughout the day so you can grab a
wine grab a beer grab some food or go
shopping and then just sit and enjoy
local music so it's perfect day the
annual Sierra chef challenge is
happening right under you here and they
have brown peach around the get a box of
it random ingredients if they have them
put together a recipe and a dish store
and then the judges of the next round
they do this four times until they get
here at heavenly gondola you can take a
2.4 miles gondola ride up to the top of
the mountain to see the most scenic
views of Lake Tahoe and once you get to
the top there are restaurants shops and
more there's also an entire adventure
park in this area so it's definitely
worth visiting when you're here and how
can you beat views like this seriously
this is an ultimate way to see the lake
I'm here on top of Lima and I just got
off the gondola
and they have quite the food selection
here but I think the most notable is
this incredible Bloody Mary with candied
bacon it's pretty much the size of my
head as you can see and super tasty
they're also have soup salad pizza
burgers tons of other options if you
want to have a meal when you get to the
top but the interesting part about this
mount is they actually have nine
different lodges and one of the lodges
which is called Lake View Lodge so if we
go to that one in the winter they have
97 different types of beers on tap which
is really impressive for a ski lodge
Bloody Mary which is the size of my head
so good
so I've been doing some of the adventure
stuff that you can do here at heavenly
and since it's summer there are two
things that you really can't miss when
you're here and the first thing is the
Blue Streak zipline which is about 3,000
feet from the top to the bottom and you
can go up to 55 miles an hour and then
the other really fun activity that you
should do is the coaster which operates
year-long and that goes from the top of
the mountain down to where the gondola
drops off you can control how fast you
go and that goes up to 27 miles an hour
and it's one of the most scenic views of
the amount you can get besides the
zipline so don't miss those two things
when you're here in the summer there are
of course a ropes course behind me and
then a few other adventure style
activities you can do here but of course
heavenly is known for its skiing as you
can tell by the map they give you which
is literally mainly ski trails and there
is a few that you can't miss when you're
here in the winter one of the most
scenic they tell me is the skyline trail
which you'll see beautiful views of Lake
Tahoe and when you get here in the
morning start on the east side and then
go across the mountain that way and
those are the most beautiful views of it
if you are a skier or snowboarder this
area is known to have some of the most
epic tree skiing which essentially tree
skiing is when you're skiing between the
trees instead of on the main trail so
make sure you do that if you're coming
here in the winter season so literally
you can find something to do no matter
what you're interested in no matter what
age you are it's a great place to spend
a day or two when you're here in Lake
Tahoe
I'm here at Tahoe tastings and they
offer a wine tasting on an antique
wooden boat that goes from South Tahoe
to Emerald Bay you see a beautiful view
of the lake of course I mean how could
you not here and you try eight different
types of wine so it's a perfect way to
spend the afternoon they also offer
sunset cruises so no matter what time of
year you're here you can do one of these
amazing
[Music]
Emerald Bay this is the most
photographed location here in Lake Tahoe
and is also home to Tahoes only Island
which is right behind me and an
interesting thing about this island is
that there's a little tea house on top
that was once owned by a woman who had a
Scandinavian castle which you can still
visit today that's right on the bay area
and you can come and visit both the
castle and the sea house kayaking
swimming it's one of the most beautiful
places here in lake tahoe and this is
one spot that you cannot miss when you
come here no matter where you go just
come here so gorgeous
[Music]
I'm here at Redmond and iconic a diner
here in Lake Tahoe that was originally
opened in night
in several locations in California and
Nevada now this is a good old diner
what really tasting food I got the
sandwich which comes with an egg on top
this place is known for their walking so
definitely get that way the family-owned
business so you know you're getting here
at Tahoe beach retreat Lodge and they do
a luau once a month during the summer
months and it's just a fun night out
they do it right on the lake
they have cool to dancers fire dancers
they have a live band that's playing
Hawaiian music and upon arrival you get
a cute little mai tai and of course a
lei
and yeah they have a buffet with all
Hawaiian food it's just a fun evening
out during the summer here
that's also delicious blue angel cafe
this place has tons of organic and vegan
options everything is super super fresh
I got a ginger beer and then also their
mushroom soup and I ordered a quinoa
beet salad which is coming soon and that
sounds really tasty not normally a beet
person but I'm pumped oh my god this is
so delicious you can tell that it's real
ingredients because the flavor that you
get from the food it's just unmatched
this place is super unique because
they're cheap through their beer it's a
we're here in Lake Tahoe and as you can
see they have a wide circle at different
all of this here here is handcrafted and
brewed on-site and have seven barrels
in-house so let's try some of this beer
right now all the descriptions here
later Cheers
idle wine bar now this is a new wine bar
that just opened in town and I think the
highlight besides the locally produced
wine here is that it is lakefront I mean
behind me it literally looks like I'm in
the Caribbean that's just beautiful this
water is and you can enjoy it while
doing a wine tasting or you can get a
whole bottle and if you buy the whole
bottle you get cold wine tasting for
free so really all around your love
wines you love a good view this place is
perfection
[Music]
thanks so much for joining me on my tour
of Lake Tahoe area if you like this
video remember to subscribe follow me on
Instagram and I will see you next time
[Music]