hey CET I'm R Christ and this is the
Kenmore
79578 22 and this is actually an
existing LG bottom freezer model that
Kenmore has slapped its name on to sell
it Sears that's what Kenmore does it
resells existing models of other
manufacturers instead of making its own
appliances and that's actually a good
thing in this case because LG as we
found makes a pretty mean bottom freezer
now sure it's kind of a boring basic
build with the white body and the lack
of a drawer on the bottom I wish it had
that because a hinged swing door can be
a pain to get things in and out
of but open this thing up and you'll
find a feature-rich interior with a lot
of userfriendly Design Elements you'll
see the crisper bins get humidity
controls you've got a third Pantry
drawer down here you've got spillproof
shelving LED lighting you've got these
plastic Sliders in the indoor shelving
that helps you segment things off this
shelf up here folds up and out of the
way to make way for tall items you're
really getting a lot for a fridge that
sits at the bottom of the bottom freezer
price range also keep in mind that this
is basically the the exact same interior
as the top-of-the line LG bottom freezer
we reviewed that a couple of weeks back
and loved it and you're getting all the
same features at a much lower cost now
officially that price is $1,500 the MSRP
for this thing but Kenmore always
slashes its prices for the Sears show
floor so expect to pay closer to 1,100
and like I said that's about as cheap as
bottom freezers come at that price this
fridge is a deal although I might pay a
little more for a model that has a
drawer on the bottom thanks for watching
check out the rest of our refrigerator
reviews at cnet.com for SE appliances
I'm right
Chris