welcome to dari circuit today let's see
how to make rice broth which is
nutritious healthy it can be added to
kids meal you can add it while making
soup when you're making sauce or even
when you're making rotis or paris' you
can make a dough using the rice broth
take rice or you can take white rice or
brown rice brown rice is more healthier
version although it will take some time
to cook it rinse it 2 to 3 times with
water to make sure is clean and be able
to drain the water you can use this
water to water the plants and now I have
rinsed and drained rice ready boil the
water while about 3 cups of water for
1/2 cup of rice add rice to this boiled
water let it cook on medium heat for
about 20 to 25 minutes you can add water
as needed
stir rice every 10 minutes and you're
going to cook the rice our tillage is
nicely cooked because we are going to
use the broth which is which is going to
carry all the nutrients of rice and once
it's completely cooked to cool it down
for a few minutes and alternately you
can also use pressure cooker for 2 to 3
whistles so once it's cooled down strain
the rice and collect the rice broth if
you want a thicker rice broth then you
can take a few spoons of cooked rice and
just squash it in the strainer or you
can use the planter and you will get a
thicker version of rice broth you can
add this rice broth to kids meal you can
also serve this thicker version of rice
broth to kids which are like 6 months or
more
and you can add some key or a little bit
of salt if your baby is a little bit
older and serve this nutritious meal you
can add this to soups you can add while
making sauce already making roti make
your roti more nutritious by adding this
rice brother so I hope you're going to
try this and let me know in your
comments if you have any questions and
your experiences thank you for watching
have a great day ahead