hello my name is Christine Fisk today
I'm going to be talking about hot and
cold compressors what they are and when
they can be
used hot and cold compressors are a very
simple treatment whereby a piece of
material usually muslin or towel is
immersed in water rung out and then
applied to the affected area hot and
cold compressors can be used for a
number of reasons but primarily for
increasing circulation to the area or
helping to reduce congestion or
inflammation so what conditions are hot
compressors particularly suited to hot
compressors are particularly suited to
muscular tension
and tightness stomach cramps boils and
chronic conditions such as
arthritis where no inflammation is
present it is important to consider
though um medical conditions such as
heart problems diabetes peripheral
vascular diseases or disorders and also
open
wounds so what conditions are cold
compressors more suited to too well coal
compressors are more suited to injuries
that have just occurred such as sprains
but coal compresses can also be used in
later Rehabilitation as well Co
compressors can also be used for
headaches and they can also be used um
for bruising when using cold compressors
please consider Rod's phenomenon and
cold typers
sensitivity so how do you create a hot
and Co compress I'm going to take you
through this in step by step sequence so
the first step is to use 100 Ms of warm
water as hot as you can possibly
tolerate and add to it five to six drops
of essential
oil place the folder piece of material
on top of the water and let it just soak
for a few moments next bring out the
excess water and apply it to the
affected
area the warm compress May then be
covered with cling film and covered with
a towel the compress should be replaced
with a new compress as soon as it is
cooled down to body
temperature a cool compress is made in
exactly the same way as a hot compress
except of course cold water preferably
refrigerated is used instead of warm
water the core compress is replaced when
it warms up to body temperature and in
any event should not be left on for more
than 10 minutes in
duration here is a chart which shows a
variety of conditions and the essential
that can be used to help alleviate the
symptoms of those
conditions if you'd like to download
this chart please click on the link in
the section
below When selecting the essentials it's
important to create a synergistic blend
in which the whole is greater than the
individual parts used it's also
important to consider the
sensitivity of the individual and also
any contraindications that that person
may have which will influence the choice
of the centralized selected so for
example while fennel is indicated for
you on bruises it would be
contraindicated if the
individual suffered from epilepsy or was
pregnant the aroma of the blend is not
usually an important
consideration when dealing with physical
ailments such as
brains for example Rosemary can be used
to alleviate um inflammation in a
sprain when we do need to consider the
aroma is if a person for example is
suffering from lack of sleep or low mood
due to the symptoms from the physical
ailment in this case we may wish to
consider using an essential oil which
has a
a pleasant Aroma such as lavender which
not only has anti-inflammatory
properties but also has a pleasant order
and is also very
relaxing thank you for watching this
video I do hope that you've enjoyed it
if you have please feel free to like
comment or subscribe to our Channel