[Music]
hello updates welcome to my channel
we're learning art is fun I'm Sarah and
today I'm going to change myself to make
a paper Totten or blending stump in five
minutes or less and after the challenge
I'll go through the process step-by-step
so you can follow along at home
so at Ortolan is a tightly rolled piece
of paper that's used to blend or smudge
materials like charcoal graphite or
pastel and I use them quite a lot I
mentioned last week when drawing Maximus
that I would show you how to make them
for yourself at home so you can buy them
ready-made and I've got a few here on
the left hand side but it's much easier
and cheaper to make them yourself at
home now as you can see close-up they do
look pretty good and you can vary the
size of them quite easily as I'll show
you later on but first let's do the
challenge so for this challenge all I'm
going to need is a piece of a4 computer
paper a stopwatch scissors tape and a
piece of sandpaper and yes we did it
with a minute to spare so let's try out
and see if it works so I'm just going to
lay down some pencil on a scrap piece of
paper and try it out
and it does a pretty good job so let's
do it again
step-by-step so you can follow along at
home so the first step is to take a
piece of a4 paper lay it out in front of
you with the longest side top and bottom
now fold in half like I'm doing here so
a piece faithful paper will make two
totems
and once you've done that you can just
tear it in half it doesn't matter if the
edge is jagged but if you prefer you can
cut it to make it meet so once we've
torn our paper into two pieces we're
going to put the paper in front of us
with the shortest edge at the top and
the bottom like I'm doing here and fold
over the bottom corner to form a
triangle notice it's not going the whole
way over to the other side of the piece
of paper because it doesn't need to we
just need that angular bit there to make
the shape of the tour toulon and once
we've done that we can just cut this
triangle off because we don't need it so
[Music]
if you're right-handed like me place
your piece of paper so that the longest
straight edge is on the right if you're
left-handed the longest straight edge
will need to be on your left now we're
ready to begin rolling but remember a
serger convey with a size and point of
your total and in the beginning of this
video well here's how if you want a
foreign point to your tour to learn
which is good for blending small
detailed areas then you need to roll
your paper at a slight angle if you want
a thicker end to your torture than
however you need to roll it more
straight so I made a fine point total
for the first challenge so now I'm going
to create one with a thicker point and
the most important thing when rolling up
your paper is to roll it as tightly as
you possibly can
and this might take a little bit of
practice and sometimes it can take a few
minutes to get started but it's worth
taking that extra time and putting in
that effort to get a really nice tight
roll at the beginning because if it's
not real tightly enough it will just
bend and won't be as easy to control so
the tighter you roll it the better it'll
work and the longer it will last too so
it is definitely worth spending that
time at the beginning to get it really
nice and tight and you can see how tight
you rolled it there and sometimes you
need to unroll it and re-roll it to get
a nice tight roll so once you've got
this you just need to keep on going
until you reach the end it doesn't
matter so much that it's not super tight
on the left-hand side as we're going to
trim this down but the right-hand side
is where the pointy end is going to be
see do you need to do your best to get
this as tightly rolled as possible
[Music]
and once you've reached the end you just
need to secure this with a piece of tape
so any tape will do but if you want to
jazz your total ends up then you can use
some pattern and water tape or whatever
you've got at home
[Applause]
[Music]
so before we smooth the blending end of
the tour tool and we just need to cut
off the excess paper and the way I find
out where to cut is just by gently
bending the end of the tour toulon and
where it stops bending easily is where I
cut the end off with my scissors and if
you want to you can fold this end in to
make it look knit and this makes it look
a little bit more professional as well
because this is what the manufactured
runners do but is not essential so that
step is up to you
[Music]
so the last step is to smooth over the
tip and I used sandpaper for this and
the technique I use is just to hold over
my tour tool in and drag it down the
sandpaper turn it and repeat the process
until you have a smooth even tip and I'm
holding a slight angle as you can see so
I just drag it turn it and keep going
until you've smoothed out that edge and
you've got a really nice nice sort of
finished point to it and once I've done
that then it's finished so if you want
to make really thick chunky tour turns
you can use exactly the same method but
you just need to use a bigger sheet of
paper so I was - just having a go with
this it is a really good method and it's
also a cheap way to make something at
home which you then have got to buy so
you can save yourself some money and I
will be using these total ins on my
video on Friday when we'll be using them
to blend a fun pistol picture so if
you've enjoyed this video and found it
useful please give it a thumbs up
comment and subscribe to my channel and
I'll see you all on Friday thanks for
watching bye
[Music]