[Music]
hi I'm Rebecca ran and today we're going
to make a creamy heart to choke spinach
hot dip for your next party this recipe
is original because it's extra creamy
and extra tasty the ingredients for this
dish are spinach artichoke carts
mayonnaise parmesan cheese garlic cream
cheese green onions white cheddar salt
and pepper and I'm putting it on a
crunchy Christini today that's made with
butter and fresh Rosemary I create this
recipe for something really quick to
make for a party that's why I use the
frozen spinach it's just easier that way
so get a nice casserole dish because
you're going to bake it in this preheat
your oven to
350Â° we're adding one cup of mayonnaise
and the mayonnaise is the first
ingredient because it's going to grease
our casserole dish to make everything
come out of it really easy and also to
make it easy to clean up to that I'm
adding a softened thing of cream cheese
and it doesn't even matter if it's
softened or not because it's going to
bake and create the beautiful base of
creaminess in the dish by using a little
pairing knife you're able to put your
little dollops of your cream cheese
anywhere you want believe me everybody's
going to have a party in there before
your party and they're all going to BL
blend together you need to grate one cup
of white cheddar cheese I've
experimented with all kinds of cheeses
on this dish and the white sharp cheddar
is the
best so add it into your
dish you need one clove of garlic minced
up so squish it peel off the skin and
give it a chop and when the little tiny
pieces sprinkle it about
your artichoke should be 14 o and that's
about one can of them so we chop them up
I bought these in the can because
they're just cheaper than in the jars I
like to save money especially when I'm
having a party there's all kinds of
things to spend money on when you have a
party and on the last artichoke I'm
going to cut it as Decor on the top so
people understand they are getting
artichoke dip there's a lot of water in
that I want it out so put a paper towel
over
it and give it a squish look at that I
do not want that water in my
recipe and another little pat pat on top
because I'm still seeing water come
through there we
go and drop them
in and fluff them up they got
squished and the same thing goes for the
spinach this is one half a pack of
frozen spinach that's been
rinsed but you can tell it's got a lot
of water in it to do the same routine
Pat it dry oh my goodness that is so wet
take it to the sink give it a squeeze oh
man it's raining green water today
there's a lot of water in that it's got
to come
out so put it back in the bowl and let's
see what we got that big huge bowl of
spinach now that all that water is out
is only that much and it gets added to
the Bowl it's snowing spinach today I'm
ready breaking it up as I put it in
nobody's going to want a whole glob of
spinach I love my new casserole dish and
they sponsored this video the company's
called arousing appetites and that's
what they do they're an American company
and they make this from Virginia that's
where they get their clay that goes in
this it's super high quality and it's
heat resistant so you can put it in the
oven which is what I need to do with
this recipe they make all kinds of sizes
and shapes and I love this lavender
pattern it's very Mediterranean I'm
adding four green onions to this one
need to cut them up by cutting it on the
diagonal Eastern philosophy stting
through keeps more nutrients in it I'll
go with that plus I think it's prettier
and I'm saving a little to put on top
and add it to your dish wow that's
getting full add half a teaspoon of salt
and 1/4 teaspoon of pepper and we have
one cup of grated Parmesan but I'm only
going to put on half of it now cuz I
want the other on top and toss it like a
salad you want to mix up that cheese
down there
with all the
ingredients when this Cooks it's going
to settle down and all that air is going
to go away that's why I like to make it
really full I want my guest to know
there's plenty go ahead and eat I love
having friends over for parties and I
like to serve them with pretty dishes
because it makes a party that much nicer
with all the sizes of all their items
I've got my eye H pies and Breads and
other things I want to cook and they're
great dishes it's a very heavy clay
and the paints are not toxic and either
is the clay I worry about getting
casserole dishes from other countries
that's hand painted because I never know
what those paints are made out of so I
love to see that and these beautiful
bake wear and serving dishes and so when
it's well mixed flatten it out and if a
little win on the side do a cleanup on
NIS 9 and the rest of the parmesan
cheese goes on top and that's going to
bake and get toasty Brown and then there
go the garnishes and the identifying art
chokes there and pop her
in set your timer to 45 minutes and
you're good let's make our
Christini I'm cutting them thin because
everybody wants more of the topping than
they do of the bread and I do enjoy that
diagonal
cut everybody loves that creamy cheesy
dip with something crunchy so if you
don't want to do Christini just put it
on crack crackers any kinds
find and just put butter on it spread
just a little bit on it though because
that cheesy dip is going to be enough I
think the butter just gives the bread a
little extra
Crunch and just for fun I'm going to
sprinkle a little Rosemary chopped up on
top so chop it up fine because nobody
wants any of that Rosemary sticking in
their teeth especially at a
party and dust it on oh how pretty
and into the oven it
goes for the last 15 minutes of the
cooking
time all right what do we have wow look
at that Christini that looks
great and here's our dip
yum let's try it and the good thing is
this thick camic's going to keep it hot
during the
party that is amazing
oh my gosh that is so creamy it's so
delicious I'm going in for a double
dip click the link below and get your
beautiful pottery from arousing
appetites thanks for sponsoring this
video cuz I love your Ceramics I'm
Rebeca brand subscribe to my channel
let's keep making great things in the
kitchen like artichoke spinach cheesy
dippy dooo
[Music]
work
[Music]