this video is about a Whirlpool Duet
wflw 9150 that would get about ten
minutes into the wash cycle maybe six
minutes and then not rats and drain so
the air code it gives after that this
light blinks eight times and then one
time it's called the ef-1 air code so I
tried to troubleshoot it a couple of
ways down here it took of this panel
there's a pump here and you can unscrew
this and that's one I guess I guess I
read that's one thing to camp in and I
pulled that out we've had this washer
about seven years and it was full of
crud what did I put it back in the
problem was fixed so then I came up here
and looked at the water supply and one
thing I checked was that this tube
wasn't you know that it was just a few
inches down into the stand pipe and then
it wasn't all the way down in and it
actually was all the way down in but
again it didn't fix the problem
what did end up fixing the problem and I
checked the filter screens on these
inlets here which you can do by kind of
removing that and you can pull them out
with their end shits it's not really so
hard but what finally ended up fixing
the problem is this right here is the
pressure sensor and I took it off and do
continuity tests on it and it's
everything with it seemed to be working
fine and this this hose right here that
black hose chute you can't see real well
but it goes from here and then it goes
down here and connects kinda to the back
of there in it and when when there's a
certain amount of water in the washer
it'll trip this sensor because of
pressure felt in this tube so anyhow
what it was it's this too
right there you can barely see it and I
overlooked it but right there and it
doesn't really matter that you can't see
it so on the video but there's a teeny
pinhole and it happened from rubbing up
against the drum over the past seven
years we've had this washer maybe
against the spring so anyhow I ran a
cycle and just held my thumb there well
I ran the first 15 minutes held my thumb
there and I noticed that the pressure
sensor was kicking on and off then the
water flow would come and go just like
it was supposed to
so that fixed the problem well that is
the problem and so now now I'll replace
the hose so yeah