everyone welcome back
thought I'd do a look at Norfolk Island
pine I'm sure that you've seen these in
the grocery store frequently around the
holidays around Christmastime it's a
very common one a very popular one and
you can you could decorate them for
Christmas you can you can decorate them
for summer if you want there they're
quite lovely they have a really nice
soft needle really easy to maintain to
be honest with you in the beginning I
didn't have much luck with these because
I really didn't know how to grow them so
I thought I'd give you a little bit of
advice a little bit of tips as you can
see this one is is growing wonderfully
it's about two years old I got it it was
about half the size if not less than
half the size I think it was probably
about eight maybe ten inches tall and
wasn't very wide at all it was just uh
just a small little decorated plant
around the holidays and I bought it I
think I bought it for ten dollars I kept
the ornaments but the ornaments there's
not nearly enough now to to decorate
this so the trick with these guys is
they like lots of light inside as much
light as you can give them make sure
that they don't dry out they they really
don't like to dry out and and they're
one of those silent killers or silent
silent dyers I guess where the soil will
be dry one day and you'll notice it and
by the time the plants start showing
that it's dry it's pretty well too late
you might as well just get rid of it in
this case I have underwater did a few
times I'll bring the camera in a little
bit closer so you can see what I'm
talking about
I have looks like there's two plants in
here that up three four oh my god I'm
lying too when you buy these they're
their usual multis they're usually multi
stems and you'll probably get about ten
or twelve little plants and
a small four inch pot and in my
situation if you can see in there
there's a some golden brown all kinds of
dead dead growth in there I'll show you
what I'm going to do to trim these back
and yeah well good closer look with also
with these ones you don't want to prune
them per se they don't produce back buds
like like any of our deciduous things
and I haven't noticed these guys produce
candles like if you're in the northern
climate with your typical evergreens
usually candle them all the new growth
that comes up in a spike and you kind of
break it in half these don't do that I
will experiment with trimming but as far
as I'm aware they don't really respond
well to pruning they will just they'll
stay green but they won't grow and then
they they will eventually die so but I
will experiment with it never say
anything is impossible just sometimes
plants do strange things for different
people so anyway like I said I'll bring
you in a little closer and we'll give a
look at this
alright I wanted to show you guys the
the fun pattern of the growth of this it
kind of looks like a snowflake it's it's
quite beautiful and and these branches
the lower branches get get quite wide
really really beautiful plant if if
you're lucky enough to have a home that
has a I guess a loft upstairs it looks
down on to the on to the main level this
would be a beautiful plant to have
because you would look down and you
would see this beautiful formation I
absolutely love it it's one of the
reasons why I grow it I I love that
appearance so okay let's get let's get
into the pot level and see what's going
on
okay so we're a little bit closer here
again I don't know whether you got a
good view let me see if I could tilt the
camera down just a little bit find my
scissors okay
can you see all this golden growth here
not very happy down there so I'm just
going to take my scissors and and cut
them as close the main plant as I can
without without damaging any of the via
the good growth got a little pot here
some that I put all my compost in
there's some dead plants in here as well
I'll clean these out it's been a really
long time since I've done this but it'll
make the plant look a little nicer and
after this I'm going to decorate it
it is holiday season so I'm going to put
a few decorations on it and make it feel
happy some people have the spray paint
glitter or the spray glitter you could
you could definitely use that sparingly
you don't want to really coat your plant
because it could cause problems with its
photosynthesis process
it's a respiration plants need to
breathe just like we do so you don't
want to plug plug up any of its natural
breathing holes okay and there's lots
more here it's a it's funny how when
you've killed a plant it's very soft but
then you get these dead bits and they're
not soft anymore
they're they're pretty pretty stabby
they not pleasant I noticed another
reason why I wanted to do this video I
noticed that the other day I was I
thought my plant was well watered and it
was dry so I'm sure that there's going
to be more depth on this one soon as you
can see this whole branch kind of looks
like it's still alive it's not it
it's uh it's very crispy that's why I
say that they're like a lid I guess like
a like a bird you don't really know that
it's sick until it's too late
that's going to be the same with a lot
of the evergreens especially as
houseplants they don't like to be too
wet but they don't like to be too dry
and that could be a little bit of a
problem for a lot of people and their
watering habits especially for me
because I tend to keep things on the
drier side okay it looks like this is
pretty well cleaned up looks a lot nicer
I don't see any of the hope I lie again
it's all kinds of branches here you can
see the floor it's littered with a
little picky branches I'll have to bring
the vacuum cleaner through here I'll get
in trouble people are going to get
spikes in their socks it's not pleasant
alright so as you can see I've gotten a
whole whole plot full of dead branches
it's surprising how much can come off of
these so just just be good to maintain
your plant and then once your once
you're good with growing it hopefully
won't get much die back because the die
back is is really a shame so when I'm
going to hang some decorations on on
this tree it's a like I said it's a
holiday season so I got these really
really cute they look like Christmas
lights let me move the camera back here
we'll tilt it back up I'm just going
these ones are very light ornaments so
I'm just going to don't have any hooks
I'm just going to loop them through I'll
just have them just easily dangling
they're very very cute but anyway uh
yeah I'm just going to finish decorating
this just going to throw some
decorations on here and I thought about
putting some mini lights on here too but
I don't don't think that's going to
happen it's getting pretty close to
Christmas
and I don't I don't think I'll find the
time so I hope you enjoyed this video I
absolutely love my Norfolk Island pine
it's getting a little bit big now I hope
that it doesn't get too much bigger but
it will definitely get taller and well
whatever will be will be I will always
have a place in my home for it if it
decides to survive but again this is
this is two years worth of growth and
it's it's grown probably a foot and a
half in two years foot and a half tall
it's now starting to put out fantastic
new growth let me just bring the camera
up the fantastic new growth oh and
another thing that I love about this is
they grow in tears it looks like a full
plant because there are several plants
in there but if you just had one plant
on its own
it would have one level and then it
would have another complete new level
and then same thing up up taller
fantastic fantastic plant give it a try
if you haven't already and happy growing
everyone