I'm making up a fly repellent jail today
for Suzie and Henry they've loved using
the oils and i'm going to add their
chosen oils to some aloe vera gel which
I've already put some water in fresh
water so it will go further with them
their chosen oils today are neem
peppermint German chamomile and garlic
Lou pharmacognosy is all about the
animals own selections on any particular
day these seniors shire horses have been
struggling with our health a little over
the winter at the moment of getting over
mud fever which may have influenced
their choices this afternoon water added
the aloe vera will help transport the
essential oils along the hairs and into
the body shaking the gel ensures a
really good mix
oh I'm gonna smell lovely I always offer
the finished product of the animals
before applications so they can give
their final approval working together in
this way we all know we've got the mix
right I watched Susie's eyes whilst
applying the gel as you will blink in
the places you want to spread on this
day she wanted lots under her belly on
the inside of her legs and along her
back well the thighs are landing and
then going straight away just really
kidneys