[Music]
hello I'm camellia welcome back to
culinary wishes calm today we are going
to make delicious Raffaello candies for
this recipe we are going to use 500
milliliters of condensed milk 200
milliliters of melted butter 200 grams
of coconut flakes for dough and 100
grams of coconut flakes for decor 200
grams of powdered sugar and 100 grams of
almonds
[Music]
first of all we are going to mix the
condensed milk with melted butter and
sugar
[Music]
after the sugar has melted I'm going to
add coconut flakes the 200 grams and
make a dough
[Music]
I finished making the dough for our
fellow candies I put it in a bigger bowl
and I added some more coconut flakes
because the dough has to be thick I'm
going to roll it in smaller bowls in
which I'm going to put almonds and
sprinkle them with some more coconut
flakes
[Music]
[Music]
Raffaello candies are done we hope you
liked our recipe and if you did please
follow us on Facebook and subscribe to
our YouTube channel culinary wishes that
come in their meal bye bye
[Music]