hello lovelies parmesan crisps have been
a huge hit online for the last few years
and it's really not hard to understand
why they are easy to prepare really
really tasty totally gluten free and if
you practice a low carb or keto diet
they are the perfect alternative to a
traditional cracker they're basically
made of nothing but Parmesan what is not
to like about that so to make a basic
parm crisp is really as simple as just
getting some freshly grated parmesan
down on a parchment lined baking sheet
like this
I've got my oven preheated to 350
degrees Fahrenheit and I'll get these
into the oven for between five and six
minutes really that's all it takes for
the parmesan to get melty and to start
getting crisp and golden around the
edges it is critically important that
you use freshly grated parmesan when
you're making parm crisps because that
stuff from the can just will not get the
same texture or finish and that's it
that is a classic parm crisp so since
they're so easy I thought it would be
fun to show you three tasty takes on a
classic Parmesan crisp that you may not
have thought of and will really help you
step up your snack game and we're going
to start with some Italian a Parmesan
crisp of course anything that is
parmesan base lends itself really well
to classic Italian flavors so in this
case in addition to my finely grated
Parmesan cheese I'm going to add some
garlic powder and some Italian seasoning
of course you always have the option to
use store-bought Italian seasoning but
if you want to make your own I of course
have a recipe for that on my website of
a link it in the description box all you
need to do is give that all a good toss
with a spoon and then it's just a matter
of piling it by tablespoon onto your
parchment lined baking sheet you really
want to make sure you don't mound it too
too much otherwise you lose that sort of
Lycia effect I've got my oven preheated
to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and I'll get
these into the oven for between five and
six minutes these salty satisfying
treats are great broken up over a Caesar
salad or you can serve them with a
little marinara sauce for dipping or you
can do what I do and eat them all on
their own
my next tasty twist are my everything
parmesan crisps inspired by the
deliciousness of an everything bagel a
gorgeous combination of sesame seeds
poppy seeds little minced garlic and a
little minced onion and it's so tasty
this recipe starts once again with my
finely grated parmesan of course to that
I'm adding a combination of sesame seeds
poppy seeds dried minced garlic and
dried minced onion you don't need to add
any additional salt to this because let
me tell you that parmesan is plenty
salty all on its own once again I'll
just pile it onto my parchment lined
baking sheet and get it into the oven at
350 degrees Fahrenheit for between 5 and
6 minutes these are so fun crisp and
delicious and they're also so so pretty
definitely worth the 10 minutes they
took to make and finally for my favorite
flavor combination I am making my
jalapeno cheddar ranch parm crisps how
could that possibly be bad you're right
it totally can't so I've got some
parmesan here once again but this time
I'm adding a little bit of finely
shredded white cheddar as well so we're
gonna have a nice mix of the two then
I'm going to add some ranch seasoning to
this you can often find ranch seasoning
in the spice aisle at your supermarket
but if you can't not to worry I will
also link a recipe in the description
box below we'll give those ingredients a
good toss and once again I will spoon
them onto my parchment lined baking
sheet and my final step is going to be
spreading on a little bit of minced
jalapeno now it's up to you how much or
how little you use and you always have
the option to use pickled jalapeno
instead of fresh if you want to they
both have a slightly different amount of
bite I find fresh or just a bit spicier
and pickled him more of a vinegary taste
we'll get these into the oven in the
very same way and when you're done look
at this amazingness so many wonderful
herbs and of course all of that heat
from the jalapeno
you could serve these with a bowl of
chili you would be winning at dinner
destroy guys when it comes to getting
your snap gun it's hard to get this much
flavor in this little time I hope you
will give all three of these awesome
ideas a try if you do be sure to tweet
me Instagram me or Facebook me a photo
because I always love seeing your
kitchen creations keep in mind all of
the recipes will be linked in the
description box below so you can find
them there and finally if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and hit
that notification bell because there is
lots more deliciousness where this came
from
you