if your cats going camping they're gonna
need a tent hi everybody and welcome to
cats and pets today we're making
ourselves a cool little cat tent and
rather than blathering on by how my lawn
mower just broke let's get right into it
so the stuff you're gonna need so every
tent needs fabric and for you that's an
old medium size t-shirt so get yourself
one of those next we're gonna need a
base for our tent and for that we need
two 15 by 15 inch pieces of cardboard
but ideally you have a big little box
with a cabinet so if you have a really
big box where you can cut out a complete
15 by 15 inch square with no creases
that's best however if you just have
small pieces and this is bigger than 15
inches you have small pieces with a bowl
down the middle that will still work out
you just may do an extra step for
stability so you got your cardboard
every next get yourself to wire metal
clothes hanger wire metal clothes
hangers and you're gonna use these to
make the frame of your tent along with
lines you're gonna need some cutting
tools except for cardboard pair of
scissors or a box cutter should do the
trick but you are gonna need to cut the
clothes hangers as well there's some
like heavy snips like this should work
and this will work just fine but it
gonna make things real easy for yourself
I like a pair of bolt cutters I didn't
have my saw to bring in something next
you're gonna need some glue to hold your
cardboard together which generic like
Elmer's school glue will do the trick
I didn't have that handy so I'm just
using my hot glue gun it just has to be
hard enough to hold that cardboard nice
and snug together pair of pliers for
working with your clothes hangers also
you're gonna need some tape for putting
stuff together at the end as well as
some safety pins you don't need this
many but we had a whole bed you're
probably gonna need like five maybe not
even that much oh yeah you're gonna need
something to measure out your square
which a ruler would work a yardstick I
just got a square cuz it was easy and
convenient help make my edge like night
90 degrees so with all that let's get
started okay camera slightly adjust them
the first thing I always like to do is
make myself a little workspace that wait
on for worry about scuffing up the floor
or anything so first thing I'm gonna do
is cut out two sides of my box that way
I can make my two 15 inch squares so
using whatever tool you want just mark
out a 15 by 15 inch square and cut it
out so came along this crease mark out a
square did he go
[Music]
one square now you can throw this on
your other piece and just use this as a
template as well
[Music]
all right so if both squares cut out
it's time to glue them together and if
you weren't able to get two pieces that
were all like you know one piece Oh
that'll fold in them there's a couple
things you can do so let's say these are
your two pieces when you glue them
together you're gonna want to make sure
that your folds are perpendicular to
each other and that's because say this
is your back one it's going to one have
been this way but one included this
piece it can same thing with your front
piece if it must have been left and
right your back piece will hold ridges
if you really want to make sure it's
nice and secure you can get some rigid
things and put them between your two
pieces of cardboard and help stabilize
them so say you had an extra hanger you
could cut off the bottom of this glue it
onto this piece and then you glue that
alone on top and that will keep it nice
and sturdy
so moving on time to glue these together
and this is nothing special you learn
how to do it when you're young it's
below them together
[Music]
okay so hot glue gun not so much it
doesn't come out fast enough for me to
slap the two pieces together
hey but if you have a better one it
might work better so onto method two I
think wherever submit would be good but
we ran out so it's time to improv all
right at Tim - we're gonna take our
stack pieces and using a stapler we're
gonna put a line of staples all around
the outside and then I'm gonna use a big
piece of duct tape like on the edges and
fold it over to cover up any exposed
staples
[Music]
okay that seems nice and secure I'm
gonna fix the edges all right there we
go edges nice and secure to go ahead and
set that to the side now grab your
hangers and we're gonna work on the
frame the very first thing you're gonna
do is cut your hanger right here and
here and the very bottom of your hook so
there's nothing like overkill one down
[Music]
next thing you're gonna do take your
pliers and try to kind of strain out
these bins so you have like one nice
long piece and don't worry about
planning it out too much because the
very next thing we're gonna do is try to
take this admit it into a long arch so
let's do that
and how far you want to bend it it's
just gonna be the diagonal of your base
so see you have your cardboard
get your archway and then your two ends
are gonna fit here on the corners so
however nice and rounded you can make
that as good
[Music]
and so you want to try to make it
uniform but it'll stress too much about
it because all you have to do is hold up
a shirt ah I almost got blinded on
camera be careful when you're working
with your hair and don't be dumb and
almost poked your eye out because
wherever you cut these it's pretty sharp
so the next thing you need to do is poke
four holes in your corners some people
were just trying to use the end of the
hanger to try to poke through the
cardboard I think that's a little bit
more difficult I say just get like a
screw or a nail and kind of use that to
dig in there a screw in particular is
nice because you can kind of just go
back and forth and creates a nice little
small hole straight through there for
example and there you go and then your
hanger edge can just go and smooth go
right into it so go ahead and do that on
your corners so after you have your
holes take a hanger stick it through
about an inch or so go diagonally across
your cardboard stick the other in about
an inch or so after you stick it in your
gonna want to bend your end down flat to
the cardboard so it kind of like hooks
around there so an easy way to do that
rather than try to bend it in when it's
only about an inch deep is to push it
through a little bit further that way
you have enough room to get your pliers
in there and you can really make a nice
90-degree angle and it should hook in
there and grab on and with that you
should have a nice little archway so now
we're just gonna do the same thing on
the opposite corners
[Music]
and boom with all four corners in you
should have your so a nice little tin
frame if your are to look a little
lopsided just take this time now to kind
of bend them however you want wherever
your hanger comes through your cardboard
take a piece of duct tape and cover up
that metal hook if you want to do too
and make sure you do this for all four
corners finally get some tape and tape
across a little X where your hangars
cross each other and with that top tape
together we have ourselves our frame
alright so our next step is to get our
tin fabric and put it on so get your
shirt over pull it on across
[Music]
and as you're pulling it through try to
get your shirt opening kind of in the
center here to make a nice entrance away
let me have your shirt most of the way
on we're going to take the sleeves and
pull it tight underneath and then we're
going to fasten it on the bottom along
with the back as well
so I'm going to take the underside of
the shirt pull that nice and tight and
fasten this first all right with the
bottom fastened I'm gonna take both
sleeves you kind of pull them around and
pull it tight and you can kind of pull
in your right sleeve and your left
sleeve depending on how you want to
position your entrance just trying to
keep it tight clearly I'm not the best
at safety pinning things but it's all
tight and snug and I got myself a little
cat ten my frame is a little wonky I can
go in there and kind of bend the edges
some more but still how it is I think my
kidneys are gonna like it the last
little thing is to get another shirt or
like a towel and stick it in the bottom
cuz who wants to sleep without a
sleeping bag
I got a big big bathroom towel and stuck
it in there so now it's nice and snug
I think MooMoo is gonna love this he's
always trying to get like underneath the
comforter and stuff if you want to
change it up it's easy enough to pop off
the shirt and put on a new shirt just
like the hammock you're gonna change out
designs or change it for the season or
whatever you want to do so yeah I'm
pretty pleased and I'm excited to see
how the kiddies like it and if you like
this 10 you want more DIYs I have a
whole bunch of them including how to
make that hammock back there so I hope
you liked it it's been fun thanks for
watching I'll see you next time
[Music]