[Music]
patura hi I'm anoa and I welcome you to
sanjiv Kapur kazana and a warm welcome
to a series of cooking for beginners
let's make batura batura is a nice good
puffed bread especially it is served
with Cho now Cho is a delicacy which
belongs to Punjab and B is an
accompaniment to Cho so we'll first see
how to make B and eventually we'll also
see how to make chi but to make batura
we need certain ingredients so let's
quickly see what all we need to make
batura we need refined flour or mea
yogurt powdered sugar oil salt baking
powder and baking soda so once you have
gathered all the ingredients make sure
you have to weigh them perfectly so if
your recipe says 1 teaspoon of baking
powder you may as well have 1 teaspoon
only and not put 1 and a/2 teaspoon
because batura is a quite uh technical
recipe and you have to follow all the
ingredients just as mentioned in your
recipe card so what we'll do first is we
have to se refined flour so we'll take
this in a
strainer to this we'll add baking soda
baking powder this basically when you
see this firstly the soda baking powder
and mea it gets mixed and secondly in
case there are any impurities in the
flour it all gets seed off so that's it
this is done now what we have to do is
um I have plain yogurt here with me to
which I'm going to add some powdered
sugar and
salt we'll mix this up well just take
plain yogurt and if you have sour yogurt
at home it all the more better there are
a lot of batura recipes you'll find on
the internet quite a few recipes demand
using East but this recipe doesn't need
any ease just that you have to use
yogurt and like I've said if it's sour
yogurt all the more better so if you
have good nice sweet yogurt at home what
you should do is get it out and keep it
for about 4 hours so when you leave the
yogurt out it automatically goes SAR and
that's how you you use this yogurt so
after you have mixed in the sugar and
salt what we'll do is we'll create a
well and we'll add all the yogurt to
this now is the actual exercise you have
to incorporate all this in the dough but
at the same time you have to knead this
well batura dough is all about kneading
for that matter any bread dough if you
need it well you'll have a very good
product so this is how slowly slowly
just take some more flour in need it
like this now we need to add some water
here actually the batura dough has to be
very very soft so to get soft dough
after you have added the yogurt just add
water but little by little don't add
lots of it cause the dough may go very
very sticky so just to avoid that water
can be added at regular intervals so
after you have Incorporated all of this
you can add some more water it's always
better to add water little by little so
some more water again see this just keep
on kneading actually this is a very good
exercise for the hands there was a time
when food processors were not even
invented people used to need dose of 5
kilos 10 kilos by hand and it used to be
a very good exercise then these days
food processors have taken its place and
do are all needed in food processors
when you make a dough in the processor
the actual kneading doesn't take place
all that it does is that it just mixes
all the fluids and the flows together
and gives you a dough but in case of
batura you have to actually knead it you
have to stretch the dough so that you
get lovely Bas and you will see it when
we fry these batas so for that kneading
is extremely important you see this the
dough is soft but not as soft as you
would need to make a batura so some more
water and I think this should be
sufficient so after you have uh mixed it
well now let's add some oil when you add
oil to any dough it acts as a shortening
agent so when you add oil to batura
dough your batas will go slightly crisp
or kusta as we call it in Hindi so now
again carefully incorporate all the oil
in the dough and knead the dough at the
same time it's very important to knead
the dough so that it gets pliable it
goes stretchable because at the end when
you have to actually roll the batura the
dough should not tear that is the main
idea in needing this so the more you
need the dough the more stretchable it
will get and of course by the end of it
you'll have really good kasta Bas so the
main thing is that your dough has to
stretch so well you see this what I'm
doing just fold it and just keep on
stretching you see it's very easy it'll
only stretch this way if you need it so
knead it and stretch the dough it's very
important so this dough is done all you
need to do is shape it into a ball now
we'll take a muslin cloth a wet muslin
and we'll cover and keep this dough this
needs to rest for 1 hour and after 1
hour we will make batas for which we'll
need a Karai with hot oil but this will
need at least an hour of rest so it's
been an hour and since then this batura
dough is resting so let's
see okay quite pliable what we have to
do now is make this into small balls
just shape them up like this and we'll
leave it on the chopping board
itself after you shape them into balls
we have to again rest this for 10
minutes we have used leing agents like
baking powder and baking soda so that
the dough will rise again and we'll be
able to make the batas we are going to
be making small Bas because we have a
decent size kadhai generally in
restaurants they have big kadis in which
big Bas can can be fried at one time but
since at home we don't have such big
vessels um we'll make small size badas
just that you have to first shavee these
up into balls and we have to further
leave it to rest for at least 10 minutes
in the meanwhile what you should do is
keep a Karai with oil because the oil
also has to get extremely hot we can't
fry Bas in moderately heated oil or even
low so the oil also has to be very hot
so batas will be fried in very very hot
oil so after you've shaved them we have
to apply oil to the dough so just apply
oil lots of oil so that it doesn't dry
off and we let this rest for 10 minutes
so now what we have to do is I have this
Kai with oil which is also nice and hot
let's take one portion of the dough and
we have to now roll this so use a
rolling pin batura is not round It
generally a long oval in shape try and
give it that shape at the same time you
have to make sure that you thin it out
from all the sides so once like this and
once on the other
side so that is how you need to roll
this and we'll put it in the oil and you
see this it starts
puffing lovely you see this the entire
batura has puffed so just turn it and
Fry the other side as well so you have
to basically roll it evenly so that it
pops evenly and if you have a bowl full
of chol ready this is going to be an
ideal combination so this is
done so making batas is all about making
a good dough and rolling it evenly so
this is how you have your hot hot batas
ready isn't it very simple so that's it
make this recipe just the way I have
made it and you'll be very proud of
yourself
[Music]