hey everyone Valerie here today I want
to share with you how I make the best
DIY tub and toilet cleaner I know a lot
of people use partial dawn with vinegar
but I really don't like the smell of
that especially being pregnant the smell
of vinegar is just too much for me and
it does clean very well but I've found
something that cleans just as well if
not better in my opinion and that is
dawn with baking powder
I'm sorry baking soda instead of the
vinegar and I store it in an unused or
an old dish soap bottle that I can open
up and squirt onto the tub the tile in
the tub into the toilet and even into
the sink
so basically second for everything in
the bathroom
other than the counters and mirrors and
the floor I guess you could use it on
the floor if you needed to scrub but it
would be a mess to clean up so all I do
is make eke about equal parts of baking
soda and the dawn or the knockoff dawn
brand this reeva is the Aldi knockoff
brand of dawn and sometimes I also use
the great value which is the Walmart
brand of dawn and I just mix it up I
keep it right in here and I use it to
clean the toilet tile sink and tub in
our bathroom and it works amazing
there's no nasty scent you don't have to
scrub too hard and if you do still want
to use that vinegar and Dawn spray I
would use less dong so it's less soapy
or just skipped it all together and just
use vinegar and partial water as like a
daily spray on the walls on the tile
walls and maybe the shower curtain liner
or the glass door if you have that in
your shower just to reduce the build-up
of the soap scum and the mildew and
whatnot and that'll reduce how often you
have to actually scrub your walls and
tub as well so let's go ahead and
get this mixed up and you guys will see
exactly what I do minutes super easy but
let's go ahead and get that done
you
all right so as you see it's very easy
you can kind of mess with the the ratio
a little bit sometimes let me make it a
little too thick instead of adding more
of the dish so I'll just put a little
bit of water in there to thin it out a
little bit and this does separate I keep
this right in the bathroom all the time
next to the tub in like a cleaning caddy
that I have so that way after I shower
and I'm done washing my hair and rinsing
I can just stay in the shower while I'm
already in there and squirt this around
and then use the scrub while I'm in
there especially on the tile walls it
it's just a lot easier to do one the the
grime and whatnot is softened after a
hot shower so that's what I recommend to
do so if you guys give this a try and
you like it definitely leave me a
comment down below letting me know I
hope it helps you I hope it makes your
cleaning a little bit easier and I will
definitely have a video linked in the
description bar where you can see me
actually using this product that I
showed you guys how to DIY today thank
you so much for watching if you're not
already a subscriber and you enjoyed the
video go ahead and click that subscribe
button and also the like button and I'll
see you guys next time bye