hey guys so today's video is going to be
on my top five favorite hands to choose
and the hamster she's basically that i
recommend which are my top 5 and this
video was requested by fuzzballs
adventures so i'll put her username
right down there and leave the link to
her channel in the description bar below
also sorry if you guys hear any
background noises because i am filming
this video outside ok so the first two
that i recommend is the wild harvest log
my hamsters love this log i actually got
it from walmart a few years ago so it's
lasted through many hamsters and i keep
on repaying it whenever it gets down to
enough for the hamsters can't use it as
a toy anymore but even though it is
usually used as a toy my hamsters
absolutely love to chew on this as you
can see they have nibbled on it quite a
bit the next hamster to that i recommend
is really anything below it doesn't
really matter what it is as long as it's
willow but make sure not to mistake in
the willow in here for the little apple
or curd sticks but since apple orchid
sticks are pretty much the same as the
willow i just decided that to put the
well oh and apple orchid sticks together
since all of my hamsters well excluding
Chevy Chevy hardly choose at all and
she's my winter white hamster as
probably many of you know that but all
of my other hamsters absolutely love to
chew on either Apple orchid sticks or
the willow and some other willow things
that you can buy are these little
barbell choose this is what it started
out looking like I got this from
petsmart they have the mini 14 hamsters
for 249 and they do have larger ones for
guinea pigs rabbits and other bigger
small animals and this is what my robos
have done to it they have completely
chewed one whole side off and they are
working on it quite a bit so pretty much
anything willow I definitely recommend
for all hamster owners and pretty much
all small pebble and you can buy the
large willow barbell chew for bigger
small animals at petsmart 45 90 the next
to that I recommend is the mini apple
carousel chew toy and they also have a
bigger size of this for bigger spawn
animals and it is in the carrot but I
obviously have the Apple since
I have hamsters and hamsters are much
smaller than guinea pigs or rabbits and
my robos absolutely love this toy I'm
pretty sure that I always mentioned this
that my robos really love this toy they
chew on it all over here and they've
definitely chewed on the leaf up here
and they love to take all the little
loofahs out here they'll have to take
them out and play with them they chew on
them they hide them they bury them and
whenever I clean out their cage I always
have to look for these and if I ever do
lose any of these or they are all chewed
up I just take some other loofahs cut
them up in stuff them in here sometimes
I do stuff a little treat in here and
that makes them take out Moodle loofahs
and makes a good board and breaker for
them so i definitely recommend this
chili next to that i recommend is the
nutty stickball and sorry but a little
bit of betting right there i just took
this out of the robos cage so here's
another stick ball you can buy this from
petsmart I think for 449 and this is
basically just a woven ball with some
little peanuts in it I do know that for
I think guinea pigs rabbits and some
other small animals that you probably
want to take the little peanuts out of
it I think because it can cause a
choking hazard but I don't exactly know
since i only own hamsters anyways my
hand stairs love to chew on this as you
can see they've chewed it here and in so
many others i am stirs also absolutely
love to climb over it and play around it
so not only is it a good chew toy but a
good little boredom breaker and now the
last favorite chew toy is this little
woven play map my robos really love this
also my rebels are really big chewers
and also my Syrian but I got this for
L'Oreal's birthday and as you can see
they have chewed it up quite a bit you
can purchase this from petsmart for 499
I believe for the smaller one but they
do have bigger ones for rabbits guinea
pigs bigger small pets and as you can
see they have chewed it a lot on the hay
and they're just demolishing it and
chewing it all up and they're also
chewing on the little wooden pieces a
bit too so I would just go through the
choose once again really quickly the
first thing is the wild harvest log make
sure that it is not the ecotourism log
because even though they are the same
company they are different logs and my
hamsters actually like the wild harvest
one better than the e-coat rishon the
second thing is anything willow or Apple
orchid sticks anything like that like
little barbell choose anything made out
of willow or Apple orchid sticks then is
the mini apple care so true they also
have the same thing except in a carrot
the fourth thing is the nutty stick ball
right there and the last thing is the
playmat chew or woven play map which
also comes in a bigger size for bigger
small amp so yeah guys that is it my
video I hope you enjoyed the video
thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys later bye