thousands of people ran the New York
City marathon this Sunday and they had
to push their bodies to the absolute
limit but no less impressive their
friends and families drank all day in
order to properly cheer them on take a
look training training for months I woke
up at 9:30 this morning did some
rigorous stretching uh hamstrings need
to be loose before you get into
something like this you know it takes a
lot of endurance it's a long day
practice all year long pretty much got 3
hours of sleep probably woke up drunk
and continue drinking put your
responsibilities aside and get to the
bars every day it's a marathon it's not
a Sprint I mean it's really something
serious that you you need to prepare for
I've attended all of those happy hours
all the ones that they had to miss all
in preparation for this
day for breakfast this morning we had
bacon ham you got to go bacon egg and
cheese banana get my potassium up I have
two Coors Lights everything bagel French
toast and then uh two bloody marri's I
made some scramble eggs nothing to WR
I'm about talking about carb
overload oh I haven't hit my wall I'm
I'll push right through it there is no
wall you just have to dig deep within
you know and push yourself further we
view that wall as an obstacle and we
overcome that obstacle no beer goes
unfinished this is hard work over here
you know if they can run 26.2 miles you
know I could I I could drink 26.2 beers