let's make some tuna salad with apple
with celery and with some jalapeno
you're gonna love it this is a healthy
version of the tuna salad with macaroni
with some special please the Mexican oh
no needles my name is Laura and I'm
gonna teach you how to cook healthy so
please subscribe to my youtube channel
because if you have high cholesterol if
you have diabetes if you are struggling
with your weight this is the perfect
YouTube channel for you I'm gonna teach
you how to cook everything in a low-fat
version but it's still with a lot of
flavor so come over here so we can begin
with this salad I have 3/4 of a cup of
elbow macaroni and a garlic clove and so
salt so we're gonna use that we're gonna
put it to boil in a pan so I'm just
putting all this together in a pan and
I'm adding some salt and we're just
gonna leave it here to get cook while we
make the salad I have over here 2 cans
of tuna low fat tuna the one that comes
in water and I got rid of the water and
now I'm gonna add in I'm adding 1 apple
color in little squares is like this
size of an apple and also I'm adding
like a cup of celery also cutting in
little squares I'm gonna add a pinch of
pepper a pinch of salt and here is the
Mexican twist I have some jalapeno juice
this is for the jalapeno for nachos and
it's around 2 spoons of jalapeno juice
and I'm also gonna add 2 spoons of
yogurt this can be it is a huge spoon
like Greek yogurt or plain yogurt and
also one spoon of Miami's and now let's
tear all together
my macaroni is ready and I'm just gonna
get rid of the water and then I'm gonna
splash it all with cold water so he can
stop cooking get rid of the garlic
macaronis ready and now we're gonna add
it to our tuna salad and let's put all
together this is a tasty and fresh as it
can become and it's perfect for picnic
picnics and when you have other kids at
home perfect to make it now I'm just
gonna put it inside a lettuce and this
is ready to go to the table and about
delicious meal
I hope you enjoyed this recipe please
subscribe to my youtube channel give me
a thumb up
watch my other recipes and I see you
here and Micah's mccain's book