what is going on ladies in genitals you
lay here bring you a special Borderlands
2 video a lot lately people have been
wanting to see my siren build so I
figured I would show you guys that now
if you want to see my mech romancer
build after this let me know it's also a
level 50 legendary mech romancer all the
way on 2.5 playthrough but a lot of
people has been asking me to see this so
I figured I would show guys show you
guys now I'll go over the legendaries
that I've got stuff like that but I
figured to start off you guys would want
to see my skill tree I'll explain some
things why I did things differently a
little bit different but this is
basically a farm build this really isn't
anything special but it works good for
me right here on the left for the ward
I've got the hang on let me show you
guys what this legendary mod does first
the legendary siren mod it's got +5 to
all those and increases movement speed
by 45% when phase-lock that's why you
see me phase like so many people when
I'm running because you can just phase
lock and then go a lot faster but it's
got five plus five to all those skills
you can see their Ward accelerate mind's
eye flicker and foresight gun damage 28%
+ cool rate cooldown rate plus 35
percent so that is what it is um and a
lot of people are expensive things you
can see here that my Ward skill is
actually improved your shield capacity
and your shield recharge delay and I've
got ten oh five that's basically because
I got that plus 5 on my legendary siren
now a lot of people only want to put one
spot or one point in there because it's
at +5 making that a six and they say a
lot of people say you're wasting your
skill points if you put more than one in
when you've got a mod that gives it plus
five plus whatever plus but I beg to
differ you can see my shield capacity is
plus 50% which is awesome and then the
shield recharge delay is minus eighty
percent that's why my shield recharge is
so so fast and at ten to five if that
was at five at five would be like maybe
thirty percent and maybe sixty percent
or something like that but because I've
got ten of them in there
but that's why my shield is so powerful
in Borderlands your shield is what
matters maximum health means nothing
we've all been there done that as soon
as your shield is done you're done more
times than not over here I've got six of
five of the accelerant I got that plus
five from the from the Mahdi no creases
bullet dam or increases damage and
bullet speed with all gun types that's
pretty decent increases duration of
phase lock that's basically just you
know increases my phase lock so I could
run faster for longer like I said this
is a farming build and then right here
my Facebook ability now is pools near my
enemies toward the original target so if
you've seen me phase locking then go up
into that little aura and then it sucks
all those enemies in there that makes it
a lot I like it because they can't shoot
at you while they're doing it gives you
a couple seconds to kind of recover
whatnot I didn't use any of these you if
you're a siren you can go check out all
these I mean the cooldown rate the phase
lock I'm not really big on the phase
lock other than I wanted a longer
duration some of these would be good if
you're big into phase locking so going
to the middle tree here the harmony
right here increases critical hit damage
and melee damage
I got +5 with my mod on and I probably
should put at least one in that spot I
didn't because like I said this is a
farming mod once I respect that all the
ones with the mod will have a spot open
or you know I'll have at least one in
there but basically what this does gives
you some life orbs when your phase lock
to kind of rebuild your maximum health
whatever you gain increased fire rate
and damage right here with this one and
that's why I face like one guy and then
I'll shoot the rest around them and it
kind of does work you know this isn't
the best build at all people just has to
see it so that's why I explained it now
this right here is the biggest thing
that I started doing especially when we
started farming like Verma Varys and
stuff like that you can instantly revive
a friend and fight for your life by
using phase lock or him or her on him or
her that's just basically you phase lock
them and it picks them up you don't have
to run over and actually revive them and
that makes it it's really awesome if
you've got something to do your cooldown
rate will actually be better that you
can like revive like a madman right here
these this is just basically health like
said I'm not really too worried about
health the Cataclysm right here on the
right is the main one when I'm just
playing this thing is pretty much solid
green I pretty much use all of this
right here Chris is your chance of
chance of to cause static effects with
fire shot corrosive and slag guns this
gives you more to elemental damage
basically 36% I can't click over there
increases magazine size and reload speed
with all weapons I got that at 10 and 5
that's why or if you noticed on my on my
conference club video I said my siren
has up to 15 shots with my conference
call this is why and the reload speed
makes it a lot quicker and it's freaking
amazing
now right here phase like an enemy
causes a fire explosion that's just
pretty awesome you know who wouldn't
want to face like somebody in there
causes an explosion now adds all five
had this right here the immolate adds
fire damage to all your shots fired
within fight of your life now that is
pretty awesome because once you go down
and you shoot somebody it will cause
them to catch on fire more times than
not if an enemy is on fire it is going
to burn down and eventually die so that
gives you a lot more chance for that
second wind and will pick yourself up
pretty good now like all these like this
children right here be decent but you
know I wasn't really too worried about a
shooting in enemy creates a lingering
acid cloud dealing cuts across the
damage to enemies who touch it only NASA
cloud can be active only one acid cloud
can be active at a time I like this as
well because each shot regardless of the
elemental it could be fire and it will
still put corrosive damage on them and
it makes it pretty good corrosive will
take down those bots pretty efficiently
so if you use like scag or slag and
corrosive be pretty awesome now right
here is the last one that I've got said
you do increase gun damage to any enemy
who has more than 50% of his health
remaining so that's awesome if there are
full health or not you could got you've
got that 40% plus the gun damage so it
really helps us out so that's my skill
tree I'll go through them real quick so
you guys can see them if you've got the
legendary siren mod on you know you
could spec it out like I do like I said
normally I would have one in this one
just to get that to 6 of 5 from the +5
of my mod that I've got but I was just
farming with this one so I basically
wanted
- I wanted to have pretty much all of my
gun abilities like damage reload speed
stuff like that but I wanted this more
than anything which was that insula to
revive a friend and fight for your life
if I had what if I had the chance I
would probably take one out of this and
make that five of five and put one right
here in this bad boy and it'd be perfect
actually I couldn't because that would
make that the same as this so I'd have
to take one out of something I'm not
really sure what I'd have to do but I
would always recommend using at least
one skill point on these so that's the
skill tree if you guys want to see that
now right here is my badass rank a lot
of people ask me seventeen thousand
twenty one I have those two characters
that I'm on two point five playthrough
but I don't ever increase maximum health
like I said earlier maximum health means
nothing in Borderlands shield capacity
the shield is where it's at you want
your shield capacity to be as high as
you can
you want your shield rate to be as fast
as possible and you want that delay from
the time it's depleted to the time it
starts to recharge to be as little as
possible now I like to do gun damage
down here you can see all the ones that
are nines are pretty much the ones I
usually go for
so yeah maximum health six grenade
damage have never done that at all
because I don't really use grenades but
yeah that's my siren guys I'll show you
the legendaries that I've got real quick
with it I've got every single one of
these I've got drops except for the
shredder fire I did somebody dropped it
for me the other day I'd never seen one
nobody really knows where to get this
gun but I've got one and it's pretty
cool gun but I'll just go through them
and kind of show you guys I got to be on
for farming get the bonus package I'm
using the rare loot drop I never had
this relic before until I got the mech
romancer and that put me in the premier
club or whatever and it gave me that so
I started using it I honestly don't
think it does anything I don't notice
the difference in drops I actually
started getting less once I had it so
yeah I've got a lot of them I've got a
lot of Legendary's that I've got all
recorded so you guys will be able to
look at that that's I got a few grenade
mods I got a extra be shield here for
anybody and then I got all the other
Legendary's
in my vault or my bank or whatever
Logan's gone the gob the babymaker
mongold invader the striker most of them
that are in here ones that I've already
posted just be you know get them out of
the way now all these I have I have two
more different legendary shields on my
other character that I don't even have
in here I've got pretty much all of them
here's the Neogene Eider impeller fabled
tortoise the cradle the black hole then
I had on me the B and the height of
Terran office I've got the
whiskey-tango-foxtrot on my other
account and the the flame of the fire
hawk which you get from a mission but
yeah guys I hope you enjoyed this little
thing of my siren a lot of people's been
asking so I figured I would show you
guys if you want to see that macro
mentor let me know and yeah guys hope it
helped and I hope your sirens a beast
I'll talk to you guys later peace
you
you