[Music]
[Applause]
everybody welcome back to Kelly Barlo
Creations crafting on a budget today is
Project number two of my mini mason jar
series I've had so much fun bringing
these mini mason jar projects to you I
hope you've enjoyed them over the next
couple days I have Incorporated two
regular siiz mason jars into the series
so I hope you enjoy those as well but
stay tuned for the end of the week for
my last mini mason jar project I saved
my favorite for last over the last few
weeks I've had so many requests for
wedding favors for guests at a wedding
today's project is just that it is a
mini mason jar wedding favor wait till
you see what I have in store for this I
absolutely love this project and I think
you're going to love it too so let's get
to it and let me show you what all you
need for this wedding fav mini mason jar
project today for this project I used a
pack of doll doar tree's mini mason jars
one of Dollar Tree's white unscented
candles some of Dollar Tree's
crayons some twine Tim Holtz Walnut
stain distress ink I'll also be using
waverly's chalk paint in the colors of
cashew and this opal metallic so let's
get to it and let me show you what I
have in mind as a party favor using
these mini mason jars for this project
I'm going to start off by using
waverly's chalk paint paint in the color
of cashew and I'm going to paint the
[Music]
lids next I'm going to take the white
opal by Waverly it's a metallic paint
and I'm just going to put a quick coat
over this just to give it a little bit
of that opal essent look
[Music]
next I'm going to take the white
unscented candle and I'm going to melt
it down and I'm going to do that by
using an empty soup can I'm going to
take the candle place it in the can
place the can in the water and turn the
stove on low so you can see inside the
can that the silver wrapping that was on
the candle came right off as it melted
this isn't something that you can take
off before you melt down the candle my
wax is pretty well melted now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to take my
toothpick and I'm going to fish the wick
out a way to add color to a white candle
is to buy a box of Dollar Tree's crayons
I'm going to take the paper off my
crayon and I'm going to start off by
just breaking it in half and see what
color that gives me by using half of the
crayon the crayon is melted in the wax
I've got a nice color brown that I'm
happy with
now I'm going to take my Wick and a
toothpick I'm going to take and wrap my
Wick around the
toothpick I'm going to set it in the
jar I'm then going to take a funnel and
I am going to pour the
wax in using the funnel
and you may need to adjust your
Wick and there you have it we're going
to let this cool and
solidify my wax has hardened I'm happy
with how it looks now I'm going to take
and trim my
Wick I'm going to take some twine and
guess what I'm going to do with it
[Music]
now I'm going to take the lid to the
mini mason jar I have made a label a
round label that will fit on the top of
the lid and it says Jeff and Kelly
happily ever after and I put our wedding
date on it I'm going to use my Dollar
Tree spray
adhesive I'm going to take my lids and I
am going to place the label on the top
of the
lid now I'm going to take take my Tim
Holtz Walnut stained distress ink a
makeup
[Music]
sponge take our
candle and there you have it our mini
mason jar candles these mini mason jar
candles make the perfect party favor for
a wedding or any special occasion that
you're celebrating that you need party
favors for well everybody that's all I
have for you for today for this mini
mason jar project I hope you enjoyed
this video please give it a thumbs up if
you liked it and if I've inspired you to
make one of my projects don't forget to
snap a quick picture and send it to me
on Facebook and if you're new to my
channel stick around a while by clicking
that red button for more crafting on a
budget videos to come and if you click
it again when the bell appears YouTube
will notify you when I'm uploading a new
video you can also follow me on Facebook
Pinterest Instagram and Google+ those
links are in the description box below
just click on those links click follow
and you'll also be notified through
social media when I'm uploading a new
video or just doing something fun you
can also find my PO Box in the
description box below as well if you're
interested in sending me mail and
watching me open it up in a video until
next time everybody I hope you have a
fantastic day happy crafting on a budget
and bye for now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey hey