wow black and fish Let's Do It Let's Go
YouTube all right I got my ingredients
set up we got um granulated onion and
garlic I like to keep mine combined I'm
going to use three teaspoons of that uh
I'm going to use a teaspoon of this
Cayenne that's going to be on point uh
what else we got we got a two tpoon of
this peppi
go I'm going to use a couple teaspoons
of this MSG because I love
MSG couple teaspoon kosher
salt never hurt nobody teaspoon of black
pepper we got some cumin go with about
1/4 teaspoon of cumin according to this
recipe
and we got dry time how much uh teaspoon
of dry time my guess is I'm going to use
more than a teaspoon now I couldn't my
recipe that I was telling you about that
I had but I got another offline they all
seem be pretty much the same and and it
does sound very much familiar what I
used to do uh I tend to vaguely remember
like having something else that I
figured out um that I did to mine I
can't remember what it was but whatever
I'm going to do this it's going to be
fun um let's mix up the seasonings I'm
going to go put this together now I
still got a couple hours before I cook
it but I'm going mix my season up now
and get it ready all right so I'll see
you in a little
while oops oops oops the one thing I
forgot clarified butter uh the recipe
calls for unsalted butter I use
clarified you're going to be burning it
at a high um at a high temperature and
that's what clarify butter is good for I
clarified it myself I did the best I
could I don't have any cheesecloth
that's what you really need uh to get it
right um I just use a strainer the small
strainer that I had hopefully that'll
work out well I got most of the imperi
is out of it I think so clarify butter
that's the other ingredient all right
I'll be
back so what I got right here is r
Snapper and these are really good I'm
going tell you something I found out
about doing them that uh wasn't the best
idea uh right here I thought it was a
good idea once I get them in the grill
well actually when I'm seasoning them it
occurs to me for black and fish these
are fat fish I just wanted red snapper I
went to the market they had it I got it
I was thinking little sides they were
thinner they just had the big thick
stuff I got it anyway it wasn't until I
was seasoning it the encourage me it's
going to be a problem
because you should only have to do these
maybe two minutes whenu
these I ended up having to do close to
like five minutes but you see they're
really good but I put my blacking uh
seasoning on there I'm putting them on
the plate in the clarified butter
seasoning side down I'm going to put
them on the plate I'm sorry on the
cutting board so you can see them and
right there I'm going to season that
side the same way I did the first time
then I'm going to get them on the be
very hot you want to
see just the way it
sounds don't sound like it it's as hot
as as I want it to
be uh take that bag over that
way I got six
[Music]
pieces I might should have
been
[Music]
uh a little less impatient but I don't
know maybe we'll
see I was going to say a little less
impatient let it heat up a little bit
more but we'll see we'll
see you see what I'm saying right here
you can get a better idea what I'm
talking about when I was talking about
when I was seasoning these uh look how
fat they are look how high up off the
grill they are I mean these are fat and
they end up being very good because they
were fat but when you blackening fish
um the whole idea is to sear it really
fast it's like a hard burn but a really
fast burn and these you just couldn't
you couldn't burn them fast uh um two
minutes per size was it's supposed to be
like I said I think these ended up being
five minutes per size that said it was
still good let's take a look at them the
next clip
though all right so right here you see
we're gonna flip these over and you see
like they're beautiful I mean I'm
seriously I mess around like they on
point now what I didn't do um was zoom
in on these from the top like I should
have done uh but theyve been sizzling
but again that's 5 minutes east side
should have been 2 minutes but look at
them they really good I'm walking around
behind the camera right here going to
get them from the other side get those
flipped over but you can see um even
from this angle that crisp that
crispiness uh almost like a crust that
it ends up being when it's blackened um
so yeah the smell is right let's take a
look at what it looks like on the
plate all right YouTube baby go you
going to like this you're going to like
this look at that it slices easily with
the fork I'm going to pick it up there's
a little piece of skin there it's got
the season on it throw that in my mouth
what not it's good but check this out
when ique this you going to see how
juicy and tender it is the firmness is
just right texture toward its own Point
um look at that juice you see on there
look at that firmness it's just the
right amount of firmness just the right
texture you want take a bite man it's
delicious I love you all the time I
appreciate you watching uh peace