hello everybody lady be here today I am
making fuzzy navel Jam
I have made this before and it was a big
hit with my friends and yes you know me
I gave a lot of it away
but now I'm going to double this recipe
this is some peaches that I had frozen
from last year and I figured I better go
ahead and get them amused I need the
room in the freezer the recipe calls for
three and a half cups and this is closer
to like almost four so there's almost 8
cups of peaches in here it calls for one
large orange so I had one large and two
small oranges so they're cut up in
little bitty pieces I did all the prep
work ahead of time so you wouldn't have
to watch me do it okay calls for two
cups of sugar so there's one and two so
that makes four cups of sugar
also calls for the the zest from the two
oranges put that in there
and I'm going to take it over here and
put this on the stove and I'll get back
to you when I get it over there okay
we're back I got it over here and I stir
it up and I've got my lids over here
just barely simmering and I've got my
jars here in the canner
and they are hot so I'm going to keep
them warm until I get this done and
you're supposed to let this simmer for
15 to 20 minutes or until the peaches
and the oranges are very tender and I
will take my potato masher and mash
these when it gets to the point that I
need to add the pectin and we'll maybe
this gets to boiling I will bring you
back at that point
okay we're back and it is boiling I'm
going to turn down the heat and now it
is time to add some peach schnapps for
each recipe calls for two tablespoons so
I'm going to put four in you all know
that I'm not a drinker
the alcohol will cook out of this but it
will leave the flavor get out that last
little bit of flavor there
then what set the timer for 20 months
and well let it cook for a while and
we'll be back in just a little bit we
found back my timer has gone off I'm
finishing the last of the mashing with
my potato masher and it already smells
absolutely wonderful sure all the big
chunks are gone I like some chunks in it
but not like the peaches when I sliced
them this is really absolutely good
I haven't also shoulder this couple of
these well more than couple but now it
calls for three tablespoons of low sugar
or no sugar pectin but this is all I had
just the regular stock and I'm buying
bulk so there is the six tablespoons of
tectum remember I am doubling this
recipe at the end of the recipe
I will birthed a random video I will go
over the recipe with you again turn the
fire up and we're going to bring this up
to a rolling boil again and then at that
point I will but well it says don't stir
it for one minute at that point I will
test to make sure it's gonna gel okay I
usually keep some spoons and some
saucers in my freezer when I'm making
jam so that I can test that but after
they gets to a rolling boil and it gets
to the jump point I'll be back and say
I'm back
also out of the freezer and he's family
[Music]
yeah so it's running off of there
[Music]
and the child
at least my thunder I think it's ready
yep I think it's ready turn the fire off
and all baby over on the table and we'll
be back then we're ready to ladle it in
the jars
[Music]
do I smell so wonderful
this recipe says it will make five
half-pint
that's why I make a double recipe
whenever I do make it
[Music]
I'm supposed to be the quarter-inch head
space
no and I have vinegar and my look up
here I'm a little rustic and I was
mostly liquid but I always do this just
in case
get all the little bubbles out
oops sorry about that
wat Iran's
[Music]
and I made a mess down this one jar some
will go ahead and get that with the same
paper towel because I've got extras here
and I'm going to take my lids
yes y'all did see me twirl my jar so
small box labels and stuff line up this
is one don't have one so it doesn't
matter how that one goes on
that one don't have one either so but I
actually I do line them up to how how
they are with a square I didn't realize
I was quite so OCD
they're not obviously on okay forgot do
it this way
don't over-tighten just tighten it just
fingertip tight and I guess everybody
has their own definition of fingertip
but in how to go over this recipe with
you again sorry about that it's fuzzy
navel jam or you can call it a peach
schnapps tan whatever you want it's for
one recipe like I said this one is
doubled but for one in case you want to
double it triple it or whatever this is
for one three and a half cups of peaches
peeled and chopped one large orange okay
you want to take the zest off of that
and section it and slice it just into
chunks two cups of sugar two tablespoons
of peach schnapps three tablespoons of
low or low sugar pectin but like I said
I went ahead and used regular because
it's all I had and the zest of your
orange and a stainless steel pot
supposed to mix up the peaches sugar
orange and the zest bring it to a boil
and turn your heat down let it simmer
for 15 to 20 minutes or until the
peaches are and the oranges are very
tender at that point you can go ahead
and mash them if you prefer to do it
that way then you add your pectin and
you have to stir that - it's dissolved
bring it back to a rolling boil and I oh
I stir mine very occasionally because
you don't want to stick to the bottom of
your pan and then you get to that point
and you don't stir it for one minute you
check for gel when it's ready you remove
it from the heat and Lael it into the
hot sterilized it says half pint canning
jars but I don't are using the pint I'll
leave in a quarter inch headspace ud
bubble wipe the rims and hot lids and
rings and your process and a hot water
bath for ten minutes
starting your timer when it gets to a
rolling boil now I'm going to take this
over
[Music]
put that in the canner and get me out
some more
[Music]
Jarre and I don't think I'll need any
more than that but I've got some of your
extra
[Music]
I always like to have extras just in
case ok we will be back here in just a
little bit and I'll show you the
finished product
ok we're back everybody these is what I
got I got these 4 points the first time
around well actually we've got four
points and this little bit right here
and the second time around I didn't have
quite as many almost but not quite
I got these four points and these are
regular with all the sugar I make these
with half the sugar because there are
some diabetics in my family and I
thought I would make it so that people
having issues with their diets would be
able to enjoy it too and this is fuzzy
navel jam it's so good and it tastes
wonderful it's your life try this yeah
before I let you all go I wanted to ask
you all and who is going to the great
American no great Appalachian
homesteading conference may 5th or 6th
in Cookeville Tennessee me and Debbie
from partially off-grid at home studying
channel and Betty boo Brown aka Dana is
supposed to be going don't know Dana's
gonna be able to make it or not she's
having vehicle problems and we've all
been there but they are down to one
vehicle at the moment and though she's
only got a month to get ready and her
husband is down in the back back her
shoulder or something I can't remember
what it is
anyhow he's not able to work on his
vehicle right now so he's driving hers
but leave it down in the comments to
whether you're gonna be there or not I
would absolutely love to meet some of
you all in person Vivian and and umbria
from - let me go over here and get their
car and I'll keep getting this wrong
sorry about that too lady
homesteaders Hajj Vivian and brought
umbrella and there's their card right
there they're not going to be able to
make it this year so they have asked us
if we would stop on the way back home on
that Monday to visit with them we're
gonna meet them somewhere and maybe have
something to eat or a cup of coffee or
glass of tea yes with sugar I don't like
unsweetened tea but anyhow we're going
to meet with them and sunset with them
for a little while and eat or whatever
just a gab for a while but anyhow you
all leave it down in the comments
whether you're going to go or not and I
will sign off for now y'all take care
stay safe and we'll see you next time
take care bye