hi my name is Ashley Blake and this is
my first project since I had my baby and
I picked this up for 50 dollars and it's
painted gray as you can see it's missing
that pole right there so I'm gonna have
to do something different with the these
four drawers and then I'm gonna try to
leave the rest of the hardware as it is
I think that I'm gonna use some knobs
that I already have I have regular knobs
and then I have like glass knobs that I
can do we're just gonna have to see what
works I think I'm going to do a darker
top with a white bottom and then black
hardware or silver hardware if I have to
use the glass knobs so I'm going to put
it on time-lapse and paint it and see
how it goes
[Music]
yeah I will probably be filling in holes
with this dresser um because I think
those are just too close together
probably to just put the knobs in how it
is so I think I'm just I think I'm gonna
take all the hardware off and paint it
first and then decide what I want to do
because when you spray paint hardware it
usually dries really fast um just kind
of get a feel for how I like the dresser
first and then choose the hardware so
thanks for watching Thanks
[Music]