honey I'm gonna show you how to make
fabric softener for your wash machine
you can use this on a front loader or a
you can put in a downy ball put it right
in your washing machine this is great if
you're making homemade laundry detergent
this works really really well you can
use just plain old vinegar in your
washing machine as a fabric softener it
does take out static cling it's great
but if you want a smell to your clothes
what I do is I use about 64 ounces of
vinegar white is still vinegar and I use
this you can get at Walmart for $2 this
time I'm going to use ocean breeze most
usually I use cotton linen you know the
linen smell but you can use this and
what you do let's look at simple you
take it and just pour it in that's it
and what you'll smell is the ocean
breeze you won't smell any vinegar at
all I've tried this a couple times you
get my might get a faint smell of
vinegar when you smell it but on your
clothes
you will smell this and you just shake
it up and you're done so this basically
this right here will do you feel if
you're my front-end loader I have where
it says fabric softener I just fill that
up and that's it I'm good to go
this will last me about two three weeks
and cost me maybe two bucks and then the
distilled vinegar which is like what
dollar fifty it's a lot cheaper than
regular fabric softener and it's good
for your washing machine and it won't
hurt it and it's great so give it a shot
Thanks
you