hi guys welcome back to my channel today
I'm going to show you how I made this
miniature bedroom and for those of you
who are interested in making the whole
dollhouse you can click the link at the
end of the video or in the info box
first cut out capo strips according to
those measurements and poke holes in one
of the long pieces before gluing
everything together to make the
headboard now you will need four
identical pieces of paper board which
you can cover in the fabric of your
choice I'm using dark green felt and I'm
gluing them to the carport frame
[Music]
since I like my dollhouses to light up
I'm adding LED fairy lights or Christmas
lights to the headboard simply push the
tiny lightbulbs through the holes and
because there were some left I poked two
additional holes into the headboard in
order to pull two light bulbs to the
front on each side
[Music]
here you can see me cutting a small gap
in one side of the headboard this is
because I want to be able to reach the
light switch without moving the bed clue
one piece of copper behind and beside
the switch so that it doesn't move
around when you're turning the light on
and off and use paper for it covered in
fabric to hide the wires the middle part
won't be visible anyway because this
site is going to face the wall and with
the backside being open it makes it a
lot easier to access and replace the
fairy lights now cut out these pieces of
cardboard to make the bed frame and
cover them in Korean February
[Music]
you will need a big piece of copper that
fits on top of the bed frame sponges and
failed to make the mattress
[Music]
I'm using a Tressa from a previous video
it is made out of home board and I
painted it white
[Music]
[Music]
roll up some jute twine and use hot glue
to hold it in place
[Music]
[Music]
once you're done apply more hot glue
place it on baking paper let it try and
remove it now add more jute twine on the
edge to make a tray
[Music]
to make candles you'll need lollipop
sticks toothpicks hot glue and nail
varnish
[Music]
now use a matchbox pop see mistakes
wooden craft sticks and paint to make a
bedside table
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
last but not least I'm making picture
frames using clear plastic sheets and
window color
[Music]
and that's it I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did give it a thumbs up I
also made a walk-in closet for this
bedroom feel free to follow the link in
the info box if you would like to watch
that tutorial and in case you want to
know how I made the rest of the
dollhouse click the link at the end of
the video or in the info box thank you
very much for watching bye
[Music]