this video is going to be on the acum
measure body fat caliper there are
millions of videos online on how to use
this thing by lots of professionals that
seem to know what they're doing but I'm
going to show you my experience with
this when you buy it it cost about $6
and it is really just a caliper that
measures
millimeters and I'm going to show you
how this thing works now we have a
little slide thing over
here and I'm going to show that to you
right now there it is that's the slide
and the slide needs to be on the right
side and then what you do is
you use this little area and you stick
the fat part of your body that sounds
disgusting but you put the fat part of
your body the big fat fold in here and
then what you're going to do is you're
going to put depending on which hand
you're using you're going to have maybe
a thumb over here and you're going to
have your finger over here where it says
press and you're going to have your
little Schmaltz that's a yetish word
schaltz fat you're going to have your
Schmaltz over there in those uh calipers
and you're going to squeeze and watch
this thing it moves as you squeeze
it and so say that your fat stops over
there you uh it won't let you go anymore
now you look at the reading over here
and that shows the millimeters of
thickness of the fat where for the
schals that you have and then you can go
over here to this beautiful
chart you can see they listed for males
and
females and you can look it up by your
age and the thickness of the caliper how
much fat it's uh measuring and you can
get an idea of your body fat now some
warnings on this thing if you're very
slender you're not going to have much
skin and you're probably not going to
get uh a really accurate reading even if
you do get an accurate reading you are
probably not going to get an accurate
reading because these things like
everything that measures are not 100% so
it might be close it might be 1% less it
might be 1% more it's really hard to say
but at least you'll get a good uh range
something that you'll be able to use to
uh help you figure out where you're at
if you're really fat using something
like this is uh probably not going to
help you that much because the fatter
the more fat folds you have the harder
it is to really get an accurate reading
so when you uh when you're using these
things if you are excessively fat this
is really not the way to go it will give
you an idea well and that's the whole
point of something like this it will
give you a starting point but you might
not get a really accurate reading of
where you're at in that case you might
have to use a tape measure or pay
somebody who has the equipment to get
you a better reading so I'm not going to
ramble too much longer this is called a
single measurement or a single reading
type uh thing you can go in here and get
one reading take one reading and you
should be able to get a fairly good
Ballpark and what you should do with
this unit is you should test it maybe
you should take your reading maybe three
times three or four times just to make
sure that you're getting an average
reading or an accurate reading and learn
how to do it try to take it at the same
time every day try not to do the
measurement if you just worked out
because you're going to have a lot of
sweat on your body or if you have
lotions or grease then that's something
that might change your reading if you
ate at a restaurant you have a lot of
salt intake from uh eating a big meal
you might have some salt intake that is
going to bloat you out you might get a
little different
reading uh if you're a woman and you're
uh having that thing that nobody wants
to talk about then you might get a
different reading and if you're holding
water weight gain or some other thing
then you could get a different reading
you probably will get a different
reading so this is just to give you some
general idea it's not 100% accurate but
it is pretty awesome and for the price
it's really really really cool now I'm
going to show you how to take the
measurements again this is a one
measurement type thing but you can do
four
measurements it's easier to do the four
measurements if you got got somebody
doing it because it's hard to take one
of those measurements and I'll show you
if you're going to do the one
measurement all you need then is this
chart and you can come up with your
estimate of where you're at if you were
going to do the four reading then
there's a website called linear l n e
a-s
software.com and you can plug in the
four numbers and put in your age and
your weight and it will give you some
idea now with me I will say that I've
got a scale I have one of those uh
weight scales that shows body fat and it
says that I'm about 22% body fat I went
and I did the one reading and it said
that I was about 15% body fat I went and
did the four measurement reading and it
said I was 11 and a qu so it's really
hard to say where which one is accurate
which one is the closest um I don't
think I'm 11% 11 and a qu I don't even
think I'm 15% I definitely don't believe
that I'm 22% so so who
knows time to put this on a on a tripod
and show you how to do these
measurements first thing I want to say
is please do a thumbs up a subscribe a
like I'm a YouTube partner and this
helps me out a lot with my life so if
you want to link this to a website that
would help me out I would appreciate it
leave your comments if you want to
please no pervert Kos looking at my
awesome body and leaving comments about
my massive masculinity so if you're
doing one reading
only you want to go it's called the
super iliac I think supr r a i l i a c
super iliac it's about an inch they say
from the hipbone and I know we're guys
guys don't know where the heck our hip
bone is is this the hip is this the
waist who knows but you want to go about
an inch up or something and you want to
go on a diagonal so this is the diagonal
and this is where us guys are packing
the fat we're not really packing it
around the arm there's not if you're
working out you're not going to be
packing it over there you're going to be
packing it here this is what I'm working
on this is my little this is my area
that I'm trying to get rid of now that's
if you're looking at this which you are
cuz you're listening if you're looking
at this this is probably 2 or
three% body fat something like that
that's it's not a lot
but um compared to where I was before
I've lost about 19 lbs so I'm almost
there this is is
uh the hardest part to get rid of this
is you're not going to get rid of this
stuff by working out as much as you're
going to get rid of it by diet carbs you
got to you don't want to cut out your
carbs as I said in a lot of my videos
carbs are really important they keep
your brain going they if you don't if
you cut back on your carbs all the way
you your body your uh what is it your
body's going to shoot at the carbs
anyway and it's probably going to
overload you with carbs and that's how
you become diabetic your body needs so
many carbs to survive no matter what
anybody says your body needs so many
carbs if you don't give it the carbs
your body will produce those carbs and
overload you as it gives them to you and
that ends up causing insulin resistance
and it shuts down your body and it just
screws you up big time so don't cut out
carbs you need so many carbs per day you
need three servings of carbs and serving
is about 15 gram so the average person
needs about 45 gram of carbs per meal
not per day you need about 45 gram of
carbs so look on the labels check how
many servings are in your food uh make
sure that you're going with uh 45 gam
you can go a little bit more but then
you're starting to dealing with uh maybe
not being able to drop weight if you're
working out and you're exercising a lot
you want to be down around the two to
three maybe three you don't want to go
too low because as I said your body is
going to give you the carbs that it
needs if you start doing four which a
lot of people do you go to Costco you go
to the store you end up with a slice of
pizza and a thing of soda you've maxed
out past your maximum carbs for you for
the meal and now your body has to burn
all that stuff and it doesn't know what
to do it's popping out more insulin to
shut down the excess amount of sugar
that you've got in there you become
pre-diabetic and you screw your whole
self up okay so back to this this is
what you want to get rid of that's what
I want to get rid of it's this little
area here that mostly as they they say
abs are made in the kitchen not in the
gym but when you go in the gym and you
start doing some cardio all of a sudden
this starts shrinking down and this
shrinks down back to this the Su Supra
IL subra iliac whatever the heck that is
who cares right okay so you want to grab
this on a diagonal this is kind of over
and you don't want to don't don't be a
wuss don't say okay there's nothing here
no there's something there go in there
and grab grab that meat because you want
you don't want to trick yourself you
want to be
honest so you go in this is why this is
an easy thing to do if you're just going
to do the one reading make sure this
thing is all the way to the right finger
over here thumb over here go here on a
diagonal why isn't that working and then
go in there and come on man what's going
on oh okay I was blocking my finger over
there you don't want to go over there do
a little squeeze until it stops it's
going to stop it's going to click
there it is that's the click and then
you got your little reading over there
you see where that line is the
millimeters shows what does it show on
this thing it shows eight before I did
it as a six so you're going to get
different readings depending on how much
you grab where you grab what time of day
you grab how you grab it but you don't
want to do a wussy grab go in there and
really be honest with yourself so after
you get that you go look it up on the
chart you measure your AE you look at
your age and uh you find out what your
body fat is again it's not 100% accurate
but if you're going to go to that
website that linear do linear hyphen
linear dsoft where.com or other websites
that are body fat calculators you're
going to be doing this one the super
iliac whatever that thing is just do a
thumbs up a subscribe a like and Link
this video help me out please okay so
that's going to be your first reading
second reading is going to be at the
abdomen make sure you reset this
thing maybe an inch away from the belly
button go in there and
grab keep that thumb over that finger
and a little indent over there thumb on
the little indent go in there and
squeeze until it
clicks that reading
is maybe like two more than what it was
before when I did it it just again you
got to do this a few times to figure out
how to grab how much to grab and how
deep um but you don't want the muscle in
there you really just want the fat so
that is the this one and then you want
to go this one what was the other one
I'm trying to think of what the other
one was hold on this one I can't I'm not
I'm not going to do this one on the
video because I can't you don't want
your muscle flexed you want the arm
straight out but you want to go right
behind the tricep on women women this is
especially older women but women that
are overweight and just women wear their
fat in their butt and their thighs you
can see a woman go down to the beach go
to the the pool you'll see a w a lot of
women who look absolutely incredible
they have abs and everything looks
really good and then you look down and
you see the cottage cheese and you see
the fat in their thighs and their butt
that's because women the fat goes there
so women who think that they're getting
away with eating lots of candies and
cookies and junk because have a hot
looking body no it all goes down here
and once it goes there good luck trying
to get rid of that that stuff is going
to be there forever so uh you really do
need to eat cleanly but this is the one
that you want to work on you want to do
this you don't want to have it flexed so
that you've got nothing to grab you
really want to be honest go in there
have somebody do this I did it I went in
here and I I did my little squeeze thing
and I got a a a halfway decent number
but I'm not 100% sure final reading
final reading is going to be I know I
had to put on shorts because of all the
disgusting comments I would get if I
didn't so final reading is going to be
right over
here right in the in the
uh midpoint between your crotchal area
and your knee so right in the middle of
your upper
leg and you can't do it this way cuz the
muscle's going to be flexed and you're
not going to get an accurate reading you
want to be standing straight and relaxed
and you're going to go squeeze over here
and you can see the difference now you
can see there's not a lot of stuff here
and there's not a lot on uh behind the
arm because I'm working out and I'm
burning all this fat and the remaining
fat is in the belly so you're going to
go over and you're going to take this
unit and you're going to squeeze it over
here I'm going to go over
here I'm going to take this
sucker little click and then we're back
to a reading at about four or six or
something like that so if you're going
to do the four measurement reading then
you'll be using
an online web calculator for body fat
and you have options they've got an
option to put in these four uh
measurements that I showed you or to go
behind your neck and your shoulders and
seven readings or eight readings and if
you just want to do the simple one
reading go in here to the Supra
iliac grab that thing and word is that
this is more accurate by going in with
the one reading than by
Gathering the four readings which you
could really have lots of variables and
that's going to be it I hope this helped
you uh make sure that you check out my
other videos look at I've got a couple
videos that are listed under my
Blackberry preve and while I'm doing the
updates I also talk about some uh health
things like diabetes pre-diabetes eating
properly eating healthy and uh if you
don't want to do that again feel free to
link this if you want somebody to to
know how to use this
thing this is an honest review I'm not a
professional I'm not a buff weight
lifter as you can tell I'm just somebody
like you trying to get in shape and
trying to figure out what the heck's
going on in this world with our bodies
good luck