this cocktail is called the bloody
Caesar and it's actually a take off the
original Bloody Mary which was created
at Harry's New York bar in Paris now the
bloody Caesar was created in Calgary in
1969 by a bartender by the name of
Walter shell Walter I don't know where
he found clams in Calgary but Walter
decided to hand mash clams and mix them
with tomato juice to make a uniquely
Canadian cocktail which would pay
tribute to the Italian style restaurant
where he was working
the Italian Emperor that developed out
of the time but the Italian Emperor
whose name was Caesar was the namesake
for this actual beverage we're gonna
start out by spicing the ice that we're
gonna be using Tabasco makes a number
different brands of pepper sauces for
this one I'm going to use the garlic
pepper sauce it's not quite as spicy as
the table variety or add some tremendous
flavor to this beverage I'm also gonna
add a couple of shakes of Lea & Perrins
Worcester sauce it's a fantastic savory
flavor they're actually when I add about
an ounce of vodka maybe an ounce and a
half for friends
I'm gonna top it with Clamato juice
again a uniquely Canadian invention
clams and tomato juice mixed together
now because all the pepper sauce and
flavor is down in the bottom here I'm
gonna roll this one back and forth a
couple of times to make sure all those
flavors are nicely mixed I don't want to
dilute it or water it down I just want
to make sure that all those flavors are
mixed nicely
next I'm going to take a little bit of
citrus and run it just around the
outside rim of this glass the reason I
only wanted on the outside is because
when I rim the glass the [ __ ]
ingredient isn't an ingredient in the
drink it's actually ingredient on the
rim it's a garnish so I don't want any
ribbon greeting on the inside of the
glass just on the outside so you get it
on your lips when he tastes beverage
it's full glass of ice
you always want to make sure that you
leave a little bit of a gap at the top
you can add here a celery stock or the
chosen garnish that you've got for your
season in this case we're going to cut a
wedge of lemon
one of my favorite garnishes to use them
the Caesar is called the bender ear here
it is becomes pre steward for you it's
just olives pickled onions small piece
of red pepper and a gherkin make sure a
fantastic garnish