hey everyone is chilly today we'll be
making macaroni tuna salad this is
perfect for cookouts for nights when you
don't feel like fixing dinner this
recipe is perfect because it takes about
20 minutes to make and by 20 minutes I
mean you're waiting on the water to boil
yeah so let's get started so I always
throw in some magazine - any pasta
salads I prepare you probably know how
to smash a knife but just in case you
wanted to see me smash an egg here you
go you can slice and dice it I just
always use a fork and I am NOT a fan of
celery never have been I think that's
the only vegetable I dislike I also
don't care for raw onions but I do like
shallots shallots and green onions are
definitely my favorite type of onions I
used about 2 teaspoons of finely diced
shallots and I just went ahead and mix
the shallots and eggs together no reason
behind it I just mesh them together into
a bowl I'm going to throw in everything
except the pasta I like adding the pasta
last you can use any type of pasta you
have on hand go ahead and add the tuna
of your choice I use the tuna in water
in case you're wondering I broke up the
tuna with a fork just a little bit and
if you are not a fan of canned tuna you
can definitely substitute the tuna with
some fresh crab needs even lobster
chunks would be amazing lobster and crab
both but then you have to throw in some
dill and old bay for sure that you know
what I'm just going to make that next
time all right I threw in some mayo and
some whole-grain mustard it was whole
grain Dijon mustard that's my favorite
and then I season this with salt black
pepper a little bit of chili powder
and some smoked paprika give everything
a mix to be completely honest at this
point I don't even think I need macaroni
and just give me a cracker and I'll turn
this into ice bread that's right all
right go ahead and throw it in your
macaroni and you're just going to give
everything a good mix just fold
everything together nicely like this
some people like to pour in a little bit
of milk into their pasta salads to make
it a bit creamier I thought I didn't
want to mix fish in milk just a weird
combo at this point you want to check
for seasoning mine definitely needed
more salt and pepper and even a little
extra whole grain Dijon mustard macaroni
salads are one of those things that you
can just keep on adding to until it
tastes
delicious end of story well I think
that's with everything really except
pastries I threw in some peas that's
optional
I like how it gives it a little sweet
kick I sprinkled some smoked paprika on
top I love serving this with to a school
or any type of grilled meat would be
awesome although tuna if meat trust me a
little extra meat on the side won't hurt
I really enjoyed this you guys probably
have all the ingredients on hand except
for the macaroni right for some reason I
never have pasta on hand weird this was
delicious though I hope you guys give it
a try and thank you all so much for
watching