my god back in this area and this
backyard sign hey guys you have an
awesome experiment for you we're gonna
be using fire to create a rainbow of
colors so before we get into that we
have to show you all the stuff will be
using flavor-wise before beginners all
that we need to be safe you get some of
their society splendor so we're gonna be
using gloves and goggles or safety okay
[Music]
alright guys so first up we have our
methyl alcohol which is going to be our
base for a fire it's going to be pretty
much like kindling or wood that we're in
a fuses or other materials to make it
cold and now we have lithium chloride
which is the color red next up we have
our rubbing alcohol orange which is
going to make the fire gorge and this is
salt yellow and then next up is boric
acid green going to make it green and
right near where right your hand
sanitizer never make it blue
we have no socks I've never heard and
it's perfect so now without any further
ado that create this mess okay so I'm
going to head down to the patio cause
you know all this stuff flammable so run
up that tree house my horse fires right
not far so let's go
[Music]
all right we're here we are lightness
and rainbow color order from red pepper
Polaroid key damp order all you have to
do is put light them up the weight where
we are that you got white purchase New
York so all right guys it is night time
and as you can see it's a whole lot
daughter so it's going really easy to
see the point
so you're not going to be pouring all
these in okay so we got our methanol and
where's that
no let him do it confession so make sure
you're really careful make sure your
gloves on this is dangerous
[Applause]
okay so opening this we're going to take
our lithium colloid one okay we got all
that and mix it up now to take some
Lebanon child let me guess trying to
create a force fire so we're getting our
methanol here we are going to take our
table salt
so we've got our salty mixture all
stirred up and the guys up is bored
after tonight you know thank you check
out some more Casa de makes green fire
okay next up blue hand sanitizer
all right next up we have our no salt
we're going to add some in our last jar
is can make a nice purple soil
[Music]
okay guys so also mixtures in and gray
so here we go
so first you look you one two
three four plus M fix this is awesome
like we're gonna paint it so bright cuz
you're like regular that's very yellow
that one's like awesome it's like George
this looks like a poisonous chemical he
looks like a witch that's awesome
[Music]
the gadget is awesome I think he's one
of our best known film seems to be love
the pink and the green are working much
better than the other related one two
three
[Music]
you