hi I'm Jim Reid Anderson chairman
president and CEO of Six Flags you know
there's nothing I like better than the
freedom of the open road the winding
blacktop stretching to the horizon the
Sun at your back and of course the wind
in your hair my route of travel is going
to take me to every single Six Flags
park across America Mexico and Canada
and I've got big news about each and
every park as you know innovation is in
our DNA and next year we're treating our
guests to a spectacular lineup of new
rides and attractions we already have
the best lineup of rides and attractions
in the world and we're gonna add
something new in every part every year
that's our commitment and a really
important way to make sure that the Six
Flags experience is second to absolutely
none
so hop on and let's get this party
started
we're gonna show you North America as
only Six Flags can with unexpected
twists I poppin turns and a whole lot of
fun because at Six Flags that's how we
roll Six Flags right across America
finds the adventurous road warrior in
the Great North East where a world's
first is coming to New Jersey Six Flags
Great Adventure introducing cyborg
cybersphere a futuristic gyroscopic
antigravity thrill machine flipping high
above the earth you've never seen
anything like this before just up the
eastern seaboard Six Flags New England
introduces Harley Quinn spin sanity soar
through the skies at 70 miles an hour
and plummet 15 stories again and again
pandamonium will be breaking out at the
Great Escape catch a 360-degree shot of
adrenaline as you spin through the air
across the northern border into Canada
LaRon introduces Carnivale on Foley with
three new rides for the whole family and
just outside our nation's capital Six
Flags America introduces wahoo
River a bigger better faster longer
river journey with waterfalls surprises
and adventure around every turn as Six
Flags fearless leader motors toward the
heartland
he's bound for Six Flags Great America
future site of the world's tallest loop
coaster with six inversions and record
hang time look out Jim typhoon twister
is headed for Six Flags st. Louis drop
down a five story plunge whirl around a
40-foot Bowl and ride the giant wave on
his way to the great state of Georgia
the intrepid Jim Reed Anderson has a
date with the all-new twisted cyclone
plunged out a 75 degree drop and go
upside down on three wicked inversions
with a zero-g roll deep in the heart of
the Lone Star State Six Flags Fiesta
Texas introduces Wonder Woman golden
lasso coaster the world's first single
rail coaster will take you soaring
through the sky dropping 90 degrees
straight down and flying head-over-heels
through three inversions a little to the
north in dallas-fort worth Six Flags
Over Texas will be introducing the
all-new harley quinn spin sanity a
twisted gravity defying thrill machine
with wicked flips and crazy turns seven
stories in the air
Six Flags Mexico introduces Wonder Woman
coaster with two beyond 90-degree drops
wicked flips and fiendish inversions
heading west toward the worlds thrill
capital Six Flags Magic Mountain
introduces crazed anody the world's
tallest pendulum rod that's 17 stories
with speeds up to 75 miles per hour
located in a newly themed boardwalk
beach area and for the first time ever
the park goes daily to offer 365 days of
thrills and just up the coast in the Bay
Area Six Flags Discovery Kingdom
introduces the new Harley Quinn crazy
coaster the world's first of its kind
head-to-head dueling coaster with ten
inversions and multiple 70 mile-per-hour
high-speed flyby and nearby Waterworld
Concord is now bigger better and wider
than ever introducing splash water
island of massive interactive water play
treehouse with slides geysers sprains
and a giant tipping button but exciting
new rides as in all Six Flags has in
store fall means Fright Fest and Fright
Fest means one of the biggest best
scariest Halloween events in America and
we'll be welcoming Santa during holiday
in the park it's a Six Flags family
tradition and it's bigger and better
than ever
Mardi Gras is back at more parks with
authentic floats food and fun for the
whole family
so get ready to party all 2018 looks
like it's gonna be amazing right Jim you
have my word the 2018 is going to be yet
another outstanding year for new rides
at Six Flags I'm so excited about what's
ahead and I'm committed to keeping our
parks on the leading edge of family
entertainment and thrills
whatever it takes to make sure that six
flags always measures up to your highest
expectations I may be the chairman
president and CEO of Six Flags but our
guests are the boss and my job is to
make them happy
I'm Jim Reed Anderson and I'll see you
on the road at Six Flags the world's
absolute favorite theme parks