hey folks I wanted to show you our
little brood of about a dozen baby
chicks here we got Rhode Island red and
barred rocks and we got about a dozen of
them here you may have some of you may
have seen that the egg hatching video
you can see how they're down is cleverly
patterned to blend into the grass if
they were outside their little wings are
quickly developing their feathers from
the down that they were born with we
keep a infrared heat lamp and keep them
nice and warm while we rear them up here
inside for just about two weeks and then
we'll bring them outside and keep them
separate from the rest of the adult
chickens and the rooster for a couple of
weeks until they're big enough to fend
for themselves a bit and then we'll
integrate them with the rest of the
chickens
very cute aren't they
there's been it wonderful how God
designs things and I look little I'm a
little creature like this besides a fox
or something interesting how God makes
the young so cute and adorable and
lovable you can't help but care for them
that's it for today all my youtube
friends thank you for watching and
rating these videos we make my day