hey everyone Joe here from thrive
cuisine calm and today I've got my
nutribullet pro 900 and I've got some
coffee beans and we're gonna put this
thing to the test and see how it does
grinding these coffee beans and also I'm
gonna try and do it in two different
levels of fineness so I'm gonna do a
coarse grind for a French press and then
a really thin grind that you use in a
drip coffee machine so let's get started
alright so first step is I'm gonna take
the nutribullet cup take the coffee
grinds and I'm gonna fill it about
halfway maybe a little more just cuz I
want to give it enough room for the
blades to spin around and catch all the
coffee grind without them getting stuck
on the sides I'm gonna screw the top on
and I'm gonna try and use the pulse
function of the nutribullet it doesn't
technically have a pulse button but if
you push down it'll do a quick pulse and
you don't have to lock it in so let me
plug this in real quick I'm gonna try
and do that coarse grind first and then
move on to the fine I locked it in
accidentally alright so it took about
three pulses and yeah I got a pretty
decent coarse grind that I think I would
put this in my French press honestly it
doesn't didn't do too much worse of a
job than my coffee grinder overall it's
pretty coarse bring it closer to you
guys can see it so you guys can see
they'll also put a picture
and now let's see how fine we can get it
all right there you go perfect for drip
coffee that was actually a lot easier
than I had expected I'd never actually
put this to the test in my nutribullet
hey I know you I didn't give you guys a
great look there when I had the camera
facing the blender so I wanted to give
him more close-up look at the finest
level of the coffee probably get it a
little more fine actually I don't know
that's that's pretty close to a powder
but I just wanted to give you guys a
close-up of what it looks like
all righty going as you can see it does
a really good job it was super easy and
the blades I have to say weren't hard to
clean after I've just tapped him off
into the garbage can and then used my
kitchen hose on the sink to spray it
clean so if you guys want to learn more
about the nutribullet pro 900 and all
nutribullets I'm gonna be leaving some
links in the description so be sure to
check those out and if you like this
video be sure to hit the thumbs up and
subscribe and let me know what you want
to see me test next in any blender you