I'm here with my friend Todd who wants a
green smoothie demo and I'm showing you
the quick and dirty fast approach to
making green smoothie because this is
the highest investing use of your
kitchen time if you do nothing else
that's healthy all day long do this why
did you make a green smoothie first of
all you do not have to put nasty salad
dressings on your greens to get them
down it's just pure greens and green and
it tastes better okay why else do you
eat kale and collards on a regular basis
I'm betting that you don't kale has so
much plant fiber in it it actually
absorbs several times its own body
weight and toxins and removes it from
your body there's so many powerful
things about greens and Americans aren't
getting enough greens in their diet
everybody knows that this is the way to
do it okay so I've got a nice super
high-powered blender on my website green
smoothie girl calm you can read about
why I chose this blender even though I
have several others it's three
horsepower it will grind up anything I'm
going to put a whole bunch of spinach
and kale and beet greens and collards in
my green smoothie today
and even more greens and I add a little
bit of flax oil because the hard thing
to get into your diet and it's easy to
put into green smoothie I also add a
little bit of stevia which is an herbal
sweetener you don't have to it's really
optional and now I'm going to add some
of my favorite fruits bananas are great
because it makes the green smoothie
creamy I'm throwing in some apples and
my favorite thing is mixed berries that
are frozen
because it stops your green smoothie
from being actually green it looks
better and grape flavor and it tastes
fantastic
and we're done took about five minutes
and had I made my blender full I would
have a quart for me and four pints for
each of my kids that is 15 servings of
fruits and vegetables in my court of
green smoothie every day 15 the u.s. RDI
says you should get five to ten I
personally think you should get more but
right here without doing anything else
in your whole day you've gotten 15 raw
greens and fruits so anybody can do this
if you think your kids will go for it
start with less greens and more fruit
and work your way up