hello guys welcome back to my channel as
you guys have requested like you want to
see more of me washing clothes with my
hands that's why I'm doing this video
again so thank you guys for your
comments and thank you for your
subscribe I really appreciate it
so these are my clothes and I have water
there it's warm water and I also have my
bowl a big bowl I'm gonna use to wash it
and I have my death haul the last time I
use fairy and I believe this one tool to
not damage my hands which would be good
so let's start washing I'm just gonna
put the camera down because I don't want
to do a lot of editing and I'm going to
pour the soap
and I'm going to start soaking my
clothes
the good thing about you washing your
clothes with your hands is you can't
wash you can wash all the colors
together but no we washing machine
otherwise so damaged your clothes and
I've realized that difference between
you washing your clothes with your hands
than washing using washing machine since
I've been washing my clothes with my
hands not all the clothes the Sun I've
been seeing the difference you see the
colors do the drawing is still there if
it's washing machine this would have
come off you guys see this is my son top
so I'm just going to soak all this here
for like because I got a comment asking
me like twice of the clothes before
washing yes I did I'm going to soak this
for about 10 minutes and I'm going to
add more clothes so guys this is my
clothes I soak this clothes for 10
minutes so I want to go and start
washing it now this is 10 minutes later
and if you guys notice look at this
little corner here I have a bowl of
water clean water I'm going to be
washing from here and I'm going to be
pouring it putting it in the bowl so
I discover when I was soaking it earlier
that it wasn't forming properly when I
used this petal so I now decided maybe
I'm going to still use the faery so
that's what I'm gonna use now instead of
the data because I wasn't forming
properly so now I'm going to start
scrubbing and the other video I will
show you guys properly so now what you
do you take the color of your clothes
you scrub it like this this is how we do
it in Africa because in Africa is not
many people that can afford to have a
washing machine and they also believe
that when you use your hand
clink better than when you wash wash it
so people can afford washing machine but
they don't use it they use their hand
instead so just rub it and the important
part to scrub is the neck the armpit and
like the body maybe there's a stain and
all that
so you just open it's like this and your
for shits in and this watch how come
true
and then you know jus like this lighter
and now this is clean and you delight
this and then you put you put it in a
club get to delight these feeling you
guys know what I mean
[Music]
I'll tell you guys see the amp it's drop
that yeah that's my son
[Music]
this is the unfit
my foot down
what are you buddy
as I said it's good when you watch the
clip that your hands look at this is my
song top this is like a ropa let's say I
use washing machine to wash this top
since I bought it all this and coloring
would have came off you know but since
he had it almost a year plus now I've
been using my hand to wash it so we have
a particular clothes like this you use
your hands
I'm just gonna pick some out
this is nice hello daya
so guys this is what I was showing you
guys I'm not a do step on it
you guys see this is my son top
spider-man you guys see brand new if
it's washing machine this we have come
off without everything here we have came
off but since I'm washing it with my
hands I noticed every day just like one
year so this is like rinse wash as I
said
as I see is not for me like the first
one
squeezy like that are used to the color
remember sing
so this is my third time of racing
something's gonna divide this war time
to half so I'm gonna put this down and
I'm going to rinse from here again for
your rinsing you as I said you open the
the neck like this and you through like
this and you let the water go through it
so in case there's any soap to come on
and you guys say it's not more forming
like before so as I finish racing from
here so here I don't know whether you
guys can see properly
see this one I'm going to now rings and
this from here
it will be my last rings so you make
sure you rinse your clothes here all the
4 min or the purple it's gone this one
out there see maybe bubble so I need no
more rings
this is my last last ring look sis my
clothes is ready now he's gonna zoom in
so you guys can't see then you guys see
that's it I did this video because most
of you that wash and watch my my video
call out wash clothes with your hands so
you leave a comment that you want to see
more of this video that's why I do it
because very
[Music]
so I finished my clothes now guys can
you see so now I'm going to start
is my is my fruit juice know how by
direct or isn't it come this side come
this side come on show me what to do oh
no not on this side
sorry guys come this side oh seven hi
stay there
[Music]
so that's it guys thank you for watching
I hope you enjoyed the video and we
enjoy don't forget to subscribe and like
thumbs up and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye for now