hi there miss Ella here from learn to
grow today I want to show you guys how
to make your own homemade vanilla
extract and it's very easy you just need
two ingredients some 80 proof vodka and
some vanilla beans in the pots so it's
very easy all you need to do is for
every ounce of vodka you'll want to use
one vanilla bean pot and you don't need
to split the beans in half I simply just
cut them into these one inch length
pieces and all I have to do is combine
them together so you can use a mason jar
make sure it's very clean you washed in
hot water and so or you can simply just
put it and a bottle of vodka and I have
25 ounces of vodka in there so of course
if I placed 25 pieces of vanilla beans
that I cut in 1-inch pieces pieces in
the bottom there and this vanilla here
that's left in this bottle you can still
use that the longer it sits the better
it gets so the longer to brew the better
so it doesn't really at all expire
because the alcohol will preserve it and
these are really fun to make as gifts
during a holiday because it's baking
season so I even put them in these to
allens amber bottles these I purchased
in amazon.com so you can find that out
easily and you can make your own labels
and this is one of the leftovers from
last year as well so anyway so all do is
combine the bean pods that I cut into
the 100's into my 4 ounces of vodka in
this mason jars it's very simple and you
will still have time to make this if you
want to make it for Christmas as gifts
or to use for your own baking but this
may at least two months before you use
it two months should be long enough to
cure or to brew the vanilla and you just
give it a shake good shake just like
that so you can shake this every day for
the next month or the next six weeks if
you want to shake it every other day
that works as well this is 12 days ago
so I make this so I can show you and
look how dark that is already and it's
most wonderful I bet by now
so just shake it shake it everyday for
the next four weeks and this won't be
rainy try the holiday season you can
follow them up and you also want to
store this in the cool dry place away
from Lola delight that way the vanilla
beans do not break down from the light
so it's pretty much it and also want to
let you know I'll put the link of the
website where I bought my vanilla beans
I think I got it on eBay there might be
someone um Amazon as well but these
particular one are Madagascar bourbon
vanilla beans they averaged me about 21
cents per pod and that's a really great
deal I think I got about a pound and a
half for around $35 so that's a much
better deal than going to your local
grocery stores well I hope that you guys
enjoyed this tutorial it's fun and easy
and it'll make your big goods
extra-special thanks for watching guys
and for tuning in with us along alergic
row so thank you so much for subscribing
to our channel have a wonderful day
we'll see you again soon bye bye