what is up my friends I'm gonna show you
some whammy bar awesomeness and you want
to learn more kind of modern rock
techniques then you should check out my
upcoming course modern rock guitar
techniques it's released December 12
2016 so check out the description for a
link to sign up early and perhaps win
free access to the course it's just a
mailing list free to sign up you'll also
win some other cool gear and if you're
watching this in the future then click
in the description to sign up for the
course because it's already out let's
check out some whammy bar techniques
because it's basically the most fun
thing you'll ever do so I have APRs
Floyd custom twenty-four and this is an
amazing machine it has a floyd rose
bridge so if you don't have some kind of
floating bridge of you know either a
floyd rose or some other kind of tremolo
system then proceed with caution these
techniques have a tendency to maybe
affect the intonation of just regular
bridges if you're doing crazy dive-bomb
stuff like this but in the end it is
your guitar so you can do whatever you
want but don't say I didn't warn ya so
of course we have the squeals right
[Applause]
so without the whammy bar it would be
something like this
[Music]
so you're activating that harmonic and
then doing the Whammy craziness
[Applause]
[Applause]
this next one kind of sounds like an
angry neighing horse so you want to find
a pinch harmonic nice thick one and make
your women bar do the neighing motion of
a horse
[Music]
so with the angry horse you want to grab
a pinch harmonic usually down near the
nut of the guitar just because those are
the kind of thickest ones and then pull
apart the whammy bar to emulate a
neighing angry horse
[Music]
this next one is a really useful one
I've showed this in other videos I
believe it's just a pentatonic kind of
slur spur thing very vai esque but you
take a pentatonic scale and you slur on
your licks
[Music]
[Music]
this is actually kind of a useful one
the pentatonic scale will take the a
minor pentatonic right so instead of a
motion that would be kind of traditional
we can slur that and kind of spur on the
actual lick with the whammy bar
[Music]
it's next one's kind of a hard one it's
really difficult to make it sound
musical and you hear it a lot in the
instrumental guitar player circles and
you usually think of it like oh they're
doing that like allan holdsworth ii
slurring technique sounds boring to me
but it's very difficult to pull off
effectively so you're like slurring into
a note
[Music]
so you try and build melodies off of
that technique so instead of this kind
of advanced bending technique that I've
gone over in other lessons where you
find a note and then you Bend up
immediately from a half or whole step
below it to create something like this
[Music]
we're essentially doing the same thing
just using the whammy bar to kind of
slur into these notes instead of bend
into them
[Music]
this next one's pretty self-explanatory
the reverse ruler slam
[Music]
so this is kind of like if you had a
ruler on the edge of a desk and you
flicked it it's actually at John
Petrucci piece of wisdom but it's the
same thing you kind of just go like that
and you yield something like this
[Music]
that leads you into the kind of Satriani
method of going up scales with this
whammy bar as a tool to get from one
note to the next
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so there you have it six lick whammy
tricks for you
like I said don't try this without a
floyd rose or some kind of floating
bridge because you may never get your
guitar back in tune so guys I hope you
had fun I had fun enjoy the whammy
tricks and I'll see you next time
[Music]