so we're cooking on the rooftop of a
hawton
studio it's raining but over here look
we have a barbecue and that's what it's
like to be British you have to make the
best of all things in life including
rain and
charcoal okay little lesson people often
I've noticed do hideous things with Gro
vegetables oh it tastes horrible I don't
know why it tastes disgusting look okay
first things first never ever ever in my
personal opinion have I seen a good
reason to brush any veg with oil before
you grill it don't do it try and use
charcoal or wood better flavor and um
you when you dry Grill you create this
new flavor which is a
nuttiness um and then when that thing
whatever it is asparagus Peppers chilies
um obviously the peppers we're
blackening and we'll peel uh the corett
asparagus OB jein onions fennel you know
we once you've charred them up you don't
have to cook them massively look I'm
just going to you can even cook them on
one side um what you do is as soon as
they come off you kiss them with quality
extra virgin olive oil so no oil gets no
oil gets cooked ever so lovely quality
olive oil um acid normally in the form
of a really good vinegar
um salt and pepper is a brilliant start
and then you can shave a little garlic
in not too much um you can hit it up
with any herbs you know depends where
you want to go I'd say Mediterranean so
you're talking parsley you're talking
basil you're talking margam
oregano um
uh and then you can do you know
beautiful little grilled cette lemon
olive oil mint salads with beautiful
little buckon Chini mozzarellas and raw
peas yeah lovely like all these veggies
here I'm going to mix up together so you
have the sweetness of the peppers really
really bring all the other sort of
veggies together and we're going to mix
them up and you serve them warm or room
temperature or frankly even cold you
know they'll last for a week in the
fridge and um that is the principle dry
grilling comes off hot into a bowl and
then while they're still warm we'll
dress those with really good olive oil
now the olive oil thing everyone's a bit
confused about olive oil as well um you
get what you pay for so you buy cheap
oil a groundnut oil uh an olive oil
which is not extra virgin you know we'll
marinate and we'll cook with those
cheapest chips you get them everywhere
and even the horrible commercial ones
are highly filtered they don't really
have much flavor so they're not they're
just they're good to use I have them as
well but then the really good olive oils
is for not cooking okay um and really
anything from Â£10 to5 a bottle which I
know is expensive um is you get what you
pay for uh is pretty much that price
around the whole world so if the Greeks
and the Spanish and the Italians find a
place and a use for that then so should
you um and um you use it very sparingly
so here's my vag coming off the grill
now lovely colors greens
yellows