hey guys what's going on it's Mike today
we're at a hot spots we're not just in
the hot pot what a hot pot / one thing
so we're going to show you guys how to
know in this kind of situation my
American friends they like to say life
why would I hate a comic about food but
Asians love doing this okay there's a
few tips and tricks I'm going to show
you one to water like bunch of different
sauces
what's the best so first thing we're
going to do is we're going to start
checking off our menu as you see here
sort of we basically check everything
some of the main things you have to kiss
is usually you have to get lamb and beef
those are gonna sue mainstay in me
divers we like I like fish yeah I like
shrimp when I gotta get some today
because you got a kilo in your hands
which is a mess I like every sort of
tofu and mushrooms of yours a lot of
people might not get is potatoes
you must get potatoes at a haha also you
must get that's a trick you gotta mess
with the egg the fun thing about when
Mike and I go out to haha because we all
have different styles of eating we all
like to eat different things Mike is a
huge meat eater all right like he just
said and tofu and he likes mushrooms he
loves all the vegetables and I'm kind of
like I'll tell you something else I get
that nobody else likes and you know let
me know if you like I gets right that's
the only inner that we get there's
actually a whole menu on my inner my
gizzards and where we don't really like
to eat girlfriends but if you do that it
gets a like
you pass one part we get is always ultra
spicy so I'm actually going to put that
in front of my so this is Mike's
insanely spicy hot pot he always needs a
zone and then we get one that's a little
less spicy here's something I don't
recommend getting but these guys like it
is conference yeah I don't they feel you
up that's the thing you gonna get all
you can eat hotpot
I gotta tell you they're gonna fill you
up I've also beutel's they're gonna fill
yours gonna fill you on set do you know
what it's okay it tastes okay but all
you can get hot hot you want value so
you go with me
I usually don't get me those I don't get
rice I don't get jumping I can stop I
can more meat I get everything Mike said
he does get nice rice Hey
and vegetable Bowl and this place is
great scallion pancakes there's only one
downfall which is you have to wait for
the punch the way that is anyone can do
about that
yeah so all of our stuff has arrived
we're going to go and get some sausage
this is the most probably one of the
most important things you can do you
know is the sausage if your sauce is
often you're not getting joy you're ha
ha
because Wendell meats and vegetables go
in the flavor is not enough you need the
sauce we're at the saw station
this person has their own recipe for
sauce really because that's matching
your own you know tastes just that I
mean let I do choose sauces because
they're two different sauces one of them
is going to be contemporary another one
is actually real traditional that this
kind of sauce is what people be losing
for like hundreds of years ancient kind
of really simple oh yeah so the simple
sauce is really just sesame sauce which
every haha will have three parts sesame
and one part chives that's it
yeah the chives look like someone
vomited grass but it's actually really
good this is kind of what people used to
do for sauce or hot pot back then really
simple keep it simple now the consumer a
little crazy I do a I'm sorry to scoop
the shot huh
I do a couple scoops of sesame oh I got
it got it add enough but soy sauce
otherwise you coughing this whole thing
up your cells needs to be a little salt
and chili oil is a must so I add a base
and I love minced garlic and finally
people did some people don't like
cilantro I'm a huge cilantro guy so that
is my sauce every one of my sauce gets a
bunch of cilantro
I really base without that much but
moderation is moderation
everything
fermented tofu I know that sounds gross
from a scolded sometimes they have a
serving the bottle
well Bester Roger
and sugar
I told you it was a medley of everything
who do not judge me but sorry guys I'm
not super helpful
there's a rush Chili Peppers
looks so special when I use pretty good
I've no idea
I want it look what I made made some
crazy stuff now we're ready to go first
thing that always goes in our needs
obviously then we also put in things
that takes over to boil like the corn
that's potatoes having else so here's
the pea we repeat guys so we're gonna
put a lot of the beet there's a term for
different styles of eating light is what
we call that dumper this one Mike does
look he just dumps everything it dumps
everything in him he just lets it sit
there and then he just reaches it and
gets it he doesn't care that he
overcrowd things just dump it
taking the thing that you cooked eating
it
this right now is too much so I'm kind
of like the stopping go here like what
I'll do is I want to put some meat I'll
take some piece of beans I'll put it in
until it cooks
also the potatoes and everything that's
going to take longer to cook this is
where potatoes gets really good let you
potatoes stuff for a long time when you
get it out it's going to be the best
mashed potato thing you'll ever have
okay so there's some things I want to
get the pot so that what you want to eat
it if they're or else like halfway into
the new year we don't know guess what
it's all about timing
this is Bawa why you got
don't slash or fellow yesterday uh table
name correct
we're slasher we want a friend that's
yes question you get this when you dump
it it's fine okay so here's the I it
doesn't get to cook through it's awesome
there's the first
we've gone
this is one of our favorites this is
tofu stock so Fisk you doesn't take down
on my card now and this got a dignity
let me go meet hypotheses future and try
it's also a scam but it's like a
different shape it's kind of shaped like
wrinkly your skin but it's ambitious
really okay and I'll check it out its
height is due to Allah that's all can I
just say this is one of my favorite
offers this is frozen tofu especially
talking that's frozen 2001
so come on the sauce there's nothing
guys about haha never put your
vegetables in first
you always eat your vegetables last as
the thing you know why because when you
put your vegetables in first it's going
to soak up all the place on top of the
soup so if you put your vegetables into
like the non spicy thing that's okay man
not much power on top you can soak it
there but never put it into the spicy
soup vegetables always going after meat
also free hot hot fish always try to
drink a little yogurt this way it coats
your stomach I did not do that a culture
stomach because hot pot is really
instead neccessity is very acidic and
then so especially the spicy one a lot
of sodium it's gonna hurt your stomach
so you don't want to cold it just a
little bit none of us does that today
we've done this what happen
oh gee Mike look with you
this hormone yes oh now that we can put
all that in there have a shrine as you
guys know is cos stopping this thing
will cook in literally like 10 seconds
so when you put this into the pot check
it out
count to ten take it out otherwise this
thing will become gone leave it Mikey
Mikey Robert I'm gonna show you guys
this tribe real quick goes in literally
one two three and it's ready ready also
what you guys put your meat and make
sure the pot is boiling before you take
the meat out otherwise it might not be
good and also watch out for your
chopsticks because your chopstick is
touching a lot of raw stuff yeah so make
sure you are dipping your chopsticks
into the hot lap yeah like to add you
know any germs that's exactly exactly
but actually when I original comments
where it's actually really hot in the
summer and you watch to eat up on the
summer so they spread out the heat in
the body and like basically using heat
to beat
no matter how much ice water you drink
it doesn't cool you off unless you
really cool off by 20 which is Blackhawk
was elected it wasn't invented for the
winter what of course it comes in handy
during winter as well so we're men peel
our potatoes are dying now check out
these potatoes they look they are just
magical
the magical potatoes now make souped-up
all the spicy awesomeness and now I'm
going to dip it into my lava of sauce to
stuck it in there just tuck it in there
oh my god so what's going to happen is
Vista but it's been boiling for so long
it's basically like like soft as can be
let's see the pipe
it's a mash spicy potato nothing just
melted in my mouth so do you guys know
what this is
BAM and a lot of Westerners wolf Brown a
fun spam but spam is my best friend
delicious delicious enough delicious and
uh-oh
and other people will frown to eat it
with rice eaten with rice I don't do
that right this is the traditional way
to eat haha was with this sauce no spicy
oil just chives chive sauce and
so if that a little new flavor
good there's three ways to make zip up
my schedule the first way is you can
actually break it wrong to your sauce in
a second one is specially pooch it
yeah we're attracting a man over your
hot pot we use one of those later later
later things that's my preferred we
crack it in there eight coach the end or
my favorite way your good old dump it in
there pump it in there look at that
and I want a hard-boiled egg that's to
come out
oh oh oh here we go alright so what you
gotta do is just kinda let it chill
just like little jokes let it joke any
joke
look at this bad boy right here that's
the a great gamer yeah I know that
definitely got overcooked a little bit
but I think that Coach came out so
beautiful my egg is done and oh look at
the skills they knew that was gonna
happen I knew that was gonna have a good
usually the transfer is quicker so my
aim is done here's why hands go so as
he's killing it I'm gonna talk hot right
now and then I take a little piece off
so I do it right stick my chopsticks in
watch this go technique
that's how you do it really hot that's
super and I've been done then all the
skin should come off really easily like
that yeah yeah yeah look like mine does
down that's it right there and I open it
up oh the sauce gets in there this is
like a like the egg technique
Yamaha later is for sauce goodness I
can't even under you can say about that
I got a corn
I love sometimes more is too hot from
the hot pot now I have for you haha here
we go take your chopstick
I go the old-fashioned way that's the
boys yeah we're going to put in the
noodles and your veggies and that's
going to soak up all the soup and that's
going to be Pinterest check it out this
is our favorite kinda noodle it's shot
but then we have a ramen she mafia it's
my favorite which I haven't some
hypotheses now the Badgers can go ahead
about the coma right now stop a little
more food left so this is the end once
this stuff goes in is going to start
soaking up all the soup as the noodles
club because that's how the it was cut
right it sucks in liquid is going to
soak up all the deliciousness off assume
your noodles I'm gonna taste please yeah
for example chicken why do you not order
chicken it doesn't taste
yeah it doesn't taste that good in a
soup like it gets over done really
quickly another one is when you drop
things into the hot pot slowly ease it
into the hot pot like you would a
boiling sauna you never jump into a
sauna right you slowly go into the sauna
ha
we had just happened where people have
thrown things into the hop-up especially
heavy load I got like a fish from like
this far away like throw the fish don't
go over there and it splashes over the
spacebar awesome ok double dipping hot
bye guys
it doesn't kill the germs so noodles are
about ready
I don't need to dip can you listen to
your stop you don't even subject all the
same you want to show me something else
that you like to do with the hop ID the
Korean I like the cheapest you got a
most people like to trick mr. Nye
society likes to eat it throughout the
meal because it's already got flavor for
what because we're putting all this meat
all these veggies in there it adds
flavor especially the meat you got to
put meat in there me okay because after
that it almost becomes like a piece of
help the flavor of never not you that's
how most people decide to in in our pot
is with the shoe
so as you can see guys there's so much
science and art they're high up high you
don't just go dip the stuff in the soup
and eat it right
got everything got the sauce you got a
tiny go gotta know what pairs well and
after haha we like to do is get
something eerie so kind of culture
that's the acidic fish that we just put
into our stomachs so Jerry Jerry before
and after high before you can do dairy
or choose your stomach that's it from us
about how to attack and conquer and best
enjoy the hot pot alright guys thanks so
much for watching this hot pot adventure
if you like more adventures check out
the double chin show you guys like us
going on food adventures and other
adventures have a special treat for you
you're going to bring through the OT GW
adventure series yeah we're going to go
out and eat so we're going to go out and
play we're going to share with all you
guys out there stay tuned for that
thanks so much for watching