hey guys I wanted to show you how to
prepare apples to have them as a snack
so they last longer rather than having
them whole you can slice them without
them turning brown so I wanted to show
you how to do that so just take some
apples and go ahead and slice them up I
like to just kind of cut around the
center and then I slice them into kind
of thicker pieces apples are really good
first now because they have a lot of
fiber and the type of fiber they have is
five worth it keeps your body full so
there's 5 minute breaks down really
easily and then notice the insoluble
fiber that your body doesn't break down
and that actually increases the satiety
that you get from apples which means it
keeps you full ok so I have two apples
here that I sliced up and all I'm gonna
do is just put it in a bowl depending on
how many you want you can slice up more
apples and then I'm gonna pour in 2 cups
of water to the bowl and that will cover
the apples if you do more than two
apples you're going to want to increase
the amount of water so it's one cup of
water per Apple and then we're gonna add
in two tablespoons of lemon juice
and it's also one tablespoon of lemon
juice crackles so if I did all three of
these apples that would have been three
cups of water and three tablespoons of
lemon juice so it's pretty easy to
remember it's just a 1 1:1 ratio 1 cup
of water 1 tbsp lemon juice per couple
so once it's in here just kind of make
sure the liquid is mixed so let me do
this next to the water and you soak it
for 5 minutes and then this will prevent
the apples from turning brown so then
you can just dry them off with the paper
towel a little bit take them out and
just kind of let the excess water fall
off and then you can pack it up and take
it with you for the day I already sliced
and ready to go and you won't have the
nasty Brown apples once the oxygen
starts hitting it the lemon juice will
help preserve the freshness of the Apple
in prevent it from turning brown so this
is a really good way especially for kids
they like apples in their lunches that
way you slice it I read it for them
but her people that don't like to eat an
apple whole like this because it gets
all in their teeth slicing it up and
doing this before you take it with you
but the day is really helpful so enjoy
and have a great day