hey guys it's me Desiree movie welcome
to my channel welcome if you are
watching me for the very first time I'm
Desiree Mallory and I do all sorts of
videos I do mainly LOC haircare videos
where I bring you guys along with me as
I wash and maintain my hair I get really
well with you guys so you don't have to
question my authenticity when I bring
you guys another lock video I also do
like hairstyling videos a little DIY
around my first one-bedroom apartment
and I do fun daily blog so if you're
interested in any of those types of
videos definitely do hit the subscribe
button if you're not a part of the crew
and yeah be a part of the crew be a part
of the everyday excitement I upload
every single day I also have a fun
exciting new website where I come and
share with you guys more to this and
things about me and things about my own
videos things behind the video things
that I didn't get to say on video I give
you guys the extra T so do subscribe to
my new blog it's Desiree movie.com
and there you can become a VIP crew
member and see the posts that I bring
about every single day so yeah I'm
active on there and on this channel as
well but anyway let's get to the meat
and potatoes I mean I'm saying I'm
looking I'm Way too tight right now
today is another collab video today I
want to talk about my love's update you
guys on my luck and show you a new
product that I just picked up and I'm
excited to try out here on film with you
guys so before we get into the product
review I want to talk a little bit about
my hair now next week will be I think in
the next week will be two so yeah so
here's that I've had my last and I'm
super excited guys so I'm a week a week
short of two years
old lock wise so both fretted about that
now my luck's do feel like they are more
mature on they're starting to feel more
you know like rugged and yeah like I can
get into this bang here alright so yeah
I'm feeling really good on my lock
journey on this week this week my hair
has grown out a little bit from my roots
what I did be twist
I read supposed to three weeks ago and
if you guys saw my last video I talked
about the Jamaican mango and lime
product that I used I gave an honest
review and my experience using it but
just a little tidbit here it did hold my
hair very very well so I'm wondering how
it's going to look after I wash my hair
will the twist you know stay reposted I
don't know but this week I have been
working on a lot and no I did not wash
my hair in between which I know I know I
know but I'm excited to wash my hair
right now but even though I worked on a
lot and I sweat a lot in my scalp and it
was hot this whole entire week my hair
stayed up pretty decently you know as
these of course did not I always have
problems with these but this side has
seen progress it has held a lot better
my hair feels a little bit skinny the
locks feel skinny and that's because I
need to like wash it already I realized
that when it's time for me to wash my
hair my hair gets a little bit tight and
it's just it looks like it's trying to
tell me hey washed your hair get some
more moisture in me so I always know
every time I wash my hair my lock starts
to puff back on and it looks more full
and you know healthy and nice but right
now it is look looking really sickly
and I know that that indicates I need to
wash my hair so my hair is speaking to
me right now it's telling me it needs to
get washed as you can see my lungs are
doing pretty well however I do see like
I don't know if my hair's still budding
like you filthy budding after two whole
years if any of you guys in two years or
older please let me know if your hair
still budding but I realized at the
bottom the very bottom is a little bit
more thicker than the rest of the LOC
like the rest of the lock is alright
decent but down here is where it gets a
little bit thicker I noticed that even
with this one
it's thicker so I don't know if maybe
it's still filling out I don't know I
really don't know so guys please let me
know down below if you're having the
same experience as me
where it's filling out oh no someone did
say that my hair has yet to to become
its complete thing thickness that it
will always be
I mean hey it's only been not even two
years yet so I'm sure it is still
progressing progressing progressing is
that the same thing either but yeah it's
still bumpy and it still feels like it's
budding
I don't mind the bumpy laughs I love
that look I feel like it kind of
reflects my personality which is quite
quirky and not all tidy you know I got a
little works and kings here and there I
don't mind I don't mind having locs that
look different you know along the locks
and look different from one another you
know I think that my locs
are awesome because it reflects me
reflects inside of me and and you know
my personality my character and software
yeah so anything else I am looking down
I have a whole notebook filled with
notes hair styling so a few
hairstyle that I have done this week
included a ponytail
I'm just want to be real with you guys
it's been hot and I needed a way to get
this hair off my face and also I didn't
want to let just leave my hair like this
I kind of felt like Earth I do need to
wash my hair so when I need to wash my
hair I don't really want it out I just
feel like it looks dirty so I have been
wearing my hair in a ponytail kind of
you know camouflaging my roots that way
I've also been wearing hats on top of my
head it's been a rainy week as well so
hasn't really worked well for me when I
just want to get up and go which is
pretty much everyday but when I don't
feel like doing anything to my hair just
pop a hat on top I'm ready to go I have
been covering with my hair when I go to
the gym I've been wearing a bandana but
it's just been so hot that I have not
put the whole thing off like only right
you know what I just can't but I do have
a video coming up talking about fitness
exercising with lots so definitely do
stay tuned for that but yeah so it's
very important like I always say it's
very important to know your hair and
know what it's saying to you because
everyone's long journey is different of
course no one should compare themselves
to another person it's good to have lock
role models but it's also good to know
your hair so you should always assess
your hair and see what it's saying to
you now like I said my hair is telling
me it needs to be washed and it needs to
be just maintain a little bit it's been
going without a wash for about three
weeks now and it's saying it's time it's
been time especially with me working out
more it's it's past time okay so I had a
new product but I'm super excited to
show you guys can you tell and it is a
product that is fairly new to the
shelves it's called
bro and guess what the main and great
guess what the first ingredient is
beer I'm washing my hair with beer a
beer shampoo this is a new shampoo it's
a moisturizing shampoo so it's great for
dry and damaged hair and they say and it
is made with shea butter which quenches
and caffeine which wakes up the
follicles all right now because it's
made with shea butter I'm gonna have to
really rinse this thing out good so you
just you have to know how to wash your
hair rinse it really good when it
features certain ingredients that you
know your hair has trouble with
sometimes so I know for example my hair
is not so good with coconut oil now some
of you guys may do great with coconut
oil but my hair doesn't do so well with
coconut oil so I know ok if I was ever
to use something that had coconut oil I
have to make sure to wash it out or I'm
going to fight build up like I did
before in the previous days old school
days so now that I know how to wash and
rinse my hair and you you know know how
to wash your rinse your hair you can use
different products and play around and
see what works for you anyway so yeah
this is brewed without sulfates parabens
synthetic scents silicones pH salads and
diets it's cruelty free and vegan so
that's a great thing and it's color safe
so if you have color in your hair this
is safe for your hair and it will not
bleed so they say and this cost me seven
99 $7.99 girls so yes let's see how it
smells it smells like beer I'm not gonna
lie but they say it won't leave your
hair smell like beer so let's just see
how this thing works out I'm really
excited it's great for strength and
shine
i'm cathleen stimulates the scalp and
follicles and shea butter hydrates and
softens and the brew looks is a natural
alternative to silicone maintains
moisture so yeah it also includes malted
barley B vitamins proteins and minerals
nourish repair and protect hair and it
also includes hops flowers the thing is
power packed with so much antioxidant
rich essential oils fortify and soothe
the scalp now beer is an ingredient that
like it has been rumored to be really
great for your hair for so long it's
great for moisturizing your hair and so
forth so let's go see what the hype is
all about with this new product bro
alright guys so let's just get into the
shower and stop stalling already let's
go when I jump in the shower is I
section my hair into I use my tie bands
to section my hair just to have no even
and organized space that I can begin to
wash my hair now I grab the road shampoo
and apply it all down the parted space
of my pigtails this gives me a very easy
shampoo wash instead of having all my
locks out this is so much easier for me
now I'm rinsing out my hair and the
shampoo was pretty easy to rinse out it
does not stick in your hair as soon as
you put your hair underneath the shower
head it goes ahead and slips right out
of your lock so I do enjoy the shampoo
so far hey guys but I'm back and I'm
fresh out of the shower
and all as well now the first thing that
I noticed is that my hair does not feel
super dry like it normally does when I
use my other shampoo obviously because
that shampoo is not moisturizing but
this one is and it definitely did leave
my hair feeling more moisturize it's not
that dry feeling it feels like it's got
moisture in it if I could use better
lack of better words basically my scalp
feels clean and it looks great if you
guys can see from these angles it really
gave me a nice wash
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right so um yeah other than my hair
feeling moisturize it does have like it
leaves a smell it's not that beer smells
oh it doesn't smell like beer Han it
just hasn't a smell and it's not a bad
smell either it's a pretty decent smell
kind of smells like a light incense like
it's a nice smell it smells good it's
not harsh it's not overpowering it's not
beer and it's not like super tropical
fruity it's like a neutral smell but
it's also like a like a light maybe
sandalwood smell it smells good and it
smells clean and fresh um above all else
other than that my retwist of course did
come out let Matt so go ahead and like
do something about that I'm a retwist or
I may just like throw curls in it and
leave it alone but that just comes with
the territory of washing your hair that
you're you know you read Swiss may or
may not hold but other than that my hair
feels so good and clean and moisturized
I'm going to of course add my olive oil
along with you know my hair I'm gonna
put my olive oil in my hair to
moisturize it even more
I feel like this shampoo is going to
help me to maintain moisture throughout
the week even better than I did
previously so yeah I feel really good I
feel great I will come back with another
update in another hour just to give you
that extra extra review and let you guys
see my hair an hour from now when my
hair is dry
maybe semi dry I'll show you guys what
it looks like and I'll let you know if
anything has changed from now till then
so definitely do stay tuned
alright guys so before I go ahead and
use my olive oil to moisturize my hair I
wanted to just give a raw look at what
my hair looks like now
and it looks amazing all of the locks
have puffed back they're no longer
constricted and like straw like they
feel full and they feel like they have
exhaled it still smells good how's that
like sandalwood scent I love it it feels
really really good so right now I'm just
gonna allow it to air dry I'm also going
to apply my olive oil just to moisturize
and I think this time I'll go without a
recess what do you guys think should I
read this or not I know some of you guys
will probably tell me now
but um even though my research did come
out a little bit I really don't feel
impressed to to redo it I feel like I
would probably go ahead and like curl it
just to kind of camouflage the roots it
feels so good and moisturize and clean I
love it anyway guys just so I don't keep
saying the same words and it's
describing this the same way using the
same adjectives um just to sum it up I
enjoy this product very well and I will
be using it the next time I wash my hair
which will be in another week but anyway
guys I hope that you enjoyed this video
please give me a thumbs up if you did
subscribe for many more videos like this
and be sure to check out my website it's
Desiree movie.com for more details about
this hair wash and a link to where you
can purchase the bro beard shampoo i
will also link it down below in the
description but you want to check out
the website for the exclusive tea
alright so anyway guys I love you guys
thank you for watching and I'll see you
in the next one