hello my beautiful zombies so in today's
video I thought I would share with you a
recent talent that I picked up and it's
actually making mac wall art and plant
hangers so here I will share with you a
few simple knots so you can go ahead and
make a piece for yourself at
[Music]
home so before we get started in
actually making the wall hanging I
wanted to show you guys a few knots that
are the most common knots in maain if
you learn these knots then you guys are
good to go so this first knot is
actually called a lark head knot and
what this is used for is to basically
attach your rope onto something so here
as you can see I am using a branch that
I just found outside and I am attaching
this 4 mm cotton rope to this and this
rope I'm just using for now because it
is bigger so you guys can see it so as
you can see all you have to do is just
fold your rope in half and then put it
over the branch and then pull through
so one of the basic rules of macing is
that you need to do it in fours so as
you can see here I have two ropes that I
did AAR knots with and it actually
created four pieces of rope so there's a
one 2 3 and four that's what we're going
to label them as so to start a square
knot which is the most common knot
you're going to grab the first stroke
pull it over the second and third grab
the fourth pull it under and then pull
it through the loop that that's in
between the first and the second and
this creates half of a square knot I'll
do it one more time for you guys so you
guys could see it again grab the first
rope pull it over the second and the
third rope grab the fourth rope pull it
over the first strope and then pull it
under so you could pull it through the
hole that you made between the first and
the second rope again this is half of a
square knot so to complete the square
knot what you're going to do is
basically do the opposite so grab the
first rope put it under the second and
third and then grab the fourth rope and
put it under the first and then through
the loop so you can complete the square
knot you're going to pull it tight and
this just creates a secure knot as you
continue adding square knots you are
actually going to start creating a
senate a senate is a group of knots so
here it is a senate of square knots and
as you can see when you continue to make
the square knot the two side ropes will
actually shorten so you need a lot of
rope when you make
these so another cool knot is actually
called the spiral knot and it's a
variant of the square knot you just
don't really finish the square knot off
you just complete the first steps over
and over and over again so what you do
is take the first rope pull it over the
second and third and then grab the
fourth pull it through the hole and just
repeat that first step over and over and
over again and since you're going to be
doing that it's going to start start to
gradually twist and create a
[Music]
spiral now to get started with today's
tutorial I will be using yarn that I
purchased from Michaels for like $1.99
super inexpensive and my measurements
are going to be an arms length and then
I'm going to add half of that to it
whatever you decide your measurement to
be you're going to want to take that
string and fold it over 16 times I did
mine 16 because in the end after I do
the Lar head knot it's going to create
32 pieces which is a multiple of four
once you're done folding it over you're
going to take the loops at both ends and
cut them to create those 16
pieces what I love most about making
macra wall hangings is that at the end
each piece is so uniquely different even
if you go by a pattern so from this
moment on you guys basically have the
Liberty to do whatever the hell you want
when it comes to the pattern but here
I'm going to show you how to create a
upside down triang angle using square
knots so once you're done doing square
knots on the first entire row you're
then going to take out the first two
pieces of string on the second row and
grab the third and fourth with the first
and second one from the other set and
then connect those two square knots
together with another square
knot you are going to repeat the process
by grabbing the third and fourth string
from that set and connecting it to the
next set with another square knot doing
the same thing over and over again until
you actually reach the end leaving out
the third and fourth string of the final
set of strings so many
[Music]
words you are going to continue taking
out the first two strings of each row
until you reach the end of your triangle
shape From This Moment On just use your
imagination and create whatever design
you would like to do I decided to do a
smaller triangle and then add a spiral
knot on the sides as I stated earlier it
looks better with a smaller knot in my
opinion so yeah just take the lead do
whatever you want or feel like doing and
you'll create a unique piece for
yourself
[Music]
here is our finished product it is a
simple easy and affordable way to add
that touch of Bohemian style to your
home these macra wall hangings are just
a few examples of how uniquely different
they all could be using different knots
and different patterns you can make a
unique piece for yourself and if you
guys don't know I actually sell a few
macro pie pieces on my Etsy Shop like
this one here I will go ahead and put
the link down below for you guys to
check them out but if you guys decide to
create one of your own pieces at home
please tag me on all social media so I
can see what you guys have made my
Instagram is @ Diana FB Moore my Twitter
is also @ Diana FB more and my Snapchat
is beauty zombie with two e at the end I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
there is a lot more to come let me know
if you guys want to see any other arts
and crafts involving Mac so hope you
guys have a great day I love you guys
and see you in my next one bye-bye