hi there let's shake things up I'm
making the Bahama Mama cocktail so start
by grabbing your mixing glass and we're
going to take 1 ounce of Bacardi
superior rum straight into your mixing
glass we're also going to use a coconut
rum and we're going to use 1 ounce of
the Malibu
two ounces of pineapple juice
and then one ounce of fresh lemon sour
okay go ahead and fill your mixing glass
tepid ice give it a good shake and then
we're going to strain this over fresh
eyes so we'll take our hike columns
glass here fill that up with new ice and
then we're going to strain our cocktail
into there and last but not least we're
going to take a half ounce of blue
curacao and we're going to flip that
just on top
then finish this off we'll take a
pineapple wedge and garnish it on their
side there you have your Bahama Mama
cocktail