smoked hadock and spinach baked
eggs smoked hadock one of my favorite
fish
delicious highly sustainable packed with
protein lightly smoked it's not a Dy
smoke there's a big difference so you
haven't got that bright yellow tinge so
much
better next baby spinach it's a spinach
that's very young full of zinc great
flavor little teaspoon of olive oil knob
of butter that little touch of oil stops
the butter from
burning it looks like a lot of spinach
but it's going to disintegrate almost by
2/3 cooking spinach and butter I open up
the top of my pepper mill so the pepper
becomes almost like sort of Cracked
Pepper not so
fine once your spinach has reduced down
by 2/3 add in your cubes of smoked
hadock taragan it's got that nice
vinegary flavor quite tart pick off the
little buds from the stalks keep hold of
these great for when you're making a
taragan vinegar red wine vinegar taragan
stalks in chop your Tagan into your
creme fresh It
season now grain mustard goes
brilliantly well with hadock Incredible
this mustardy Herby creme fresh will
work equally well partnered with grilled
chicken the hadock starting to flake cuz
it smoked lightly cured they cook so
quickly your creme
fresh six now it's almost like the the
beginning of the perfect fish pie but as
opposed to putting pastry on top the
eggs are going to bake on top so you got
this wonderful egg crust turn the gas
off now crack your eggs around the
outside just a little twist of pepper
get the remainder of your creme fresh
and put a little dollop in between that
adds richness to the egg whites into the
oven at
180 for 10 to 12
minutes whil the had and eggs baked
together I can knock up a simple spring
onion garnish professional kitchen chefs
refuse to use the top of the spring
onions but I love that nice dark green
flavor it's less harsh than the white
the smell of baked mustard you can't
beat that is
beautiful spinach has almost melted in
with a hat up now just sprinkle your
spring onions that gives that really
nice
sharpness
wow My ultimate hearty breakfast smoked
hadock and spinach baked eggs so packed
with protein and iron you'll be rearing
to dive into the day ahead
[Music]