this is the tools that I want to be
using for the demo of the carpet with my
razor knife which goes in my tool pouch
all the time this is a carpet puller
made by Taylor right there what how that
works is you put the carpet in there and
then the harder you pull the effort of a
bite that that gets so it works really
well and replacement blades for this
stand up cutter it comes you can buy
this extra little point here because
this thing does get wore down what
happens is see how this is starting to
get slanted right there
well that digs on the concrete like this
and it forces the carpet up on that
blade right there and that's what causes
that's what cuts the carpet so after a
while this thing will get wore so flat
to where you've got to have it standing
way up like that for it to work and then
it's inconvenient because if you do it
like that it's gonna be wore down and
it's not going to work right so it does
come with replacement points and this
266 is the blade and if you see right
here it 265 stemmed up cutter is what
this thing is called right here and
that's it's awesome I don't know like
that and again this is not very much
money this was a little bit I think it
was like a hundred and seven dollars but
it's it's definitely worth it I mean you
see already what all I got cut already
and ready to go and it's like 10:30 in
the morning and I didn't get here until
after 9:00 so it took me about an hour
maybe I maybe an hour 20 minutes to do
all this cutting that I've already got
cut if he was done that standing it
around on your hands and knees crawling
on the floor doing that with your razor
knife you would already be beat from
holding the knife that tight and plus
you would not be near this far so the
cutter is definitely worth it so with
the crane stand up Carter Carter I want
to change the blade out and put me a new
plate in before I start on this one and
that's as easy as taking these two
little thumb screws right here and just
turn it on out because then your blade
and your little pointer that goes under
the carpet it's gonna be kind of stuck
together right so this is a magnet so
it's kind of magnetized return
that's magnetized to kind of see that to
make it easy to put this thing in
anytime you change your blade you want
to take take your old blade naturally
because it's already been roughed up and
stuff and cleaned that little groove out
before you put your next blade in this
is gonna allow your blade to fit in
there nice and secure like it should
just be careful not to cut yourself
that's what that is in there it's all
blue some stuff like that from the
backing of the carpet that gets in there
so each time that you change your blade
you need to get that stuff out
wanna be real careful done this that's
your blade that you're digging with
don't slip and you get yourself or that
you don't bump into this point right
here because it's kind of short from
grinding on concrete so this is just
take your time that's this point there
we go
okay make sure it's going to slide in
and out of there all nicely all right
now you can see the difference in that
that's how it should be when you put
your new blade in okay this thing has a
flat point on it as well if you can see
that flat spot right there which
actually sets right on the groove right
there just like so
then what you do is you just take your
blade and stick it right in this slot
right there sit right there now you want
to make sure how your blade fits in
right there push it your blade see that
gap right there you want to close that
gap with your blade push your blade all
the way up there that way you don't have
to worry about it sliding out or
anything okay and then you just simply
other piece on there and screw it back
down
so as I said a few minutes ago
well spikey slides under the carpet and
pushes the carpet up to the blade which
cuts it as you go okay it's a starting
point and you don't never want to go too
wide whenever you're pulling up glare on
carpet because if you've never done
before
trust me it is rough there's no easy
thing about it at all having the right
tools will make it easier though but as
far as it'd been easy it ain't happening
so I just want this thing does extend
out but I like to keep it short and I
put my palm right there and kind of put
my weight on it right there you'll
notice see how it stops before it gets
all the way to the wall because the nose
of that hint I'll show you how to take
care of that in a few minutes that way I
don't have to take my razor knife and
make all those cuts each time I pull it
up okay
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
for doing occasional glue damn jobs
commercial jobs this is the tool to get
if you took commercials
naturally you don't want to get
something that's not so labor-intensive
you know they got machines that you can
actually sit on and write and stuff like
that so what I'll do now
Bin's that won't go all the way to the
edge I just take my thumb you know a few
inches from the wall and I go down
through there and cut across all those
slits that I cut into carpet no mints I
can't get up over any more up here I
gotta have an entrance point to get this
going and started so I got me three or
four runs here so now what I want to do
is start running my cuts crossways that
way I still got an entry point for my
little spike each time and I'll do the
same thing with that ball whatever I get
close enough
whenever I get you to get all done with
these cuts I will run that way and cut
all the little join
so you would never make cuts this fast
with your knife crawling around on the
poor it is a little hard hurt your palm
a little bit right there but on the
other hand you're up off the floor
you're not bearing down rough hard using
your razor knife so even if you're just
doing the occasional blue down top this
right here I told a gift okay so now
I've got all these little places here
are connected so it is again what about
a few inches from the wall and both
directions in one way I mean in both
ways that way all those little sections
are cut now this whole back piece right
here at this strip and they're given
well it's going to be one piece all
these are completely separate
and this is called a crane stand-up
cutter I think it's number 269 coming up
crane 265 stand up cutter this is
actually a replacement point for it
because once this gets so wore down like
you can see right there you have to
change it out rusty you got to get it at
a weird angle like this and then it's
hard to push if you're holding it
straight up and down so this is
definitely awesome to get for cutting up
blue down carpet and you're saying it
took me I don't know three or four
minutes to cut the whole room up now
it's ready to pull up so very good
investment for cutting up glue down
carpet so this right here is a carpet
puller and it's made by tailor tools you
can see right there don't work if you've
ever pulled up commercial carpet before
that's glued down you know that it's
murder on your hands it won't take long
your hands will be raw from the backing
of the carpet is like sandpaper or
something so this little thing right
here has a ridges in there you can see
that and whenever you put carpet in that
see how that closes up right there so
that actually whenever you pull on it
it's going to close that up and the
harder you pull the tighter of a bite
that thing gets and it gives you a nice
handle right here to grab on to
rather than grab in the back of the car
through so pulling up for the car is
never easy so that's why we cut it in
strips like this right here so that's
actually not too bad if you can see
right here I want to show you how I got
the hook down there so as it goes on
there like that all you do is pull see
that how it gets a bite and then
fools the better it bites and see how my
carpet is coming up at an angle right
there that's going to allow it to come
up easier rather than pull like that
bring it up at an angle like this again
how you do is wish it would all come up
like that
if you wanted to renovate your office or
something like that you're better off to
hire somebody because it is a really
tough job okay that's how this thing
works saves your hands gets a real nice
bite there you got a nice handle to hold
on to and again this is the tailor
carpet puller again if you came to my
channel open for help or something like
that you found something useful for you
that you could help maybe make your job
a little bit easier or something hit the
subscribe button up here in the corner
don't forget to like the video it will
help get my videos out there when people
are searching for stuff and helps me out
and hit the notification Bell get all my
latest videos as they come out thanks
again for watching