well today guys I'm gonna make it a
lovely beautiful hawks there and I
remember I said to you if you're at home
you need to go to the shop get your out
stand and get it marinated now
remember hold it up the day before well
today we're gonna cook up noble oxide as
I can see right over here is the oxtail
marinated soaked into that season
without garlic and spring on and fresh
thyme under braum nice out right here so
guys what we're gonna do first of all
we're gonna get the pot hot right away
here is the part in my egg looking that
pop mine up that pop is have some spots
in it but I'm telling you this pack is
the best pot to cook oxtail in give it a
flavor and give it a test now I'm gonna
turn on my stove right here as you can
see I'm just turning on my stove glass
and I'm telling you we're gonna do now
is simple basically is put in some
little pinch of oil inside of this pot
now as you can see what I'm doing right
here a moment guys hive is inside of a
pot no other proteins of garlic oh I
leave my toilet bowl then no better put
in some spring onion first side right
here in the top side of that Bank
other than t10 a moment
you can use your nama copper you have a
whole job dealing with my pile of people
possibilities one now I'm gonna put in
my ox tear so as you can see right here
I'm putting in that beautiful ox inside
of the pot now with the juice oh that's
nice smell really good no I'm gonna cook
off the oxtail inside of the pack for
everyone asked for say 15 minutes every
15 minutes it's good to use a kicker
boil some water and every 15 minutes
where do you continue adding some water
guys got a spray zone zone juice some
epic edema is keep on water okay I
didn't get really soft and tender and
generous be lovely and nice so guys did
your heart stand ready mine is ready
no mine is so soft and tender the moment
you know oxtail take October from about
100 and 15 minutes to cook so right here
guys I want to simple say to you the
oxtail wish I was talking about is ready
cook and done and just
no we go to season it because we already
remember I told you before just keep
hiding boiling water until it gets
really soft neck soft you gonna be
mashed enough away but soft enough that
mean again on your venture right here I
got carrot potato spring onion tomato
mixed peppers and garlic and more time
oh right over here are just made up some
spinach we should gonna use also inside
of it we have a tin of big butter bean
also we should gonna put inside of it
guys I'm gonna put the link below all to
make the spinach for your oxtail and
right over here is the bench you can
also cut your bench at home Karen let's
cut a very small and a medium-sized very
small and the spinach I'm definitely
gonna put the link below and I'm gonna
have the video side up the off stem to
show you all to make spinach for your
oxtail and right where that's not feel
blocks a look at so let's season the oxy
no guys no time to waste
with me love so as you can see the plot
is boiling I wanna know your arc still
is cook you can see is falling off the
bone blow cut up all my days guys the
veg inside no that are putting some
spinach to make a spinach
this is the real spinach look very small
not big
so right over here that's the spinach
and that's the dog of the lettuce
spinach right here so you just pick up a
little piece roll it in Gion make sure
your heart is clean guys and put your
straight inside of your oxtail pot let's
do another one
look at that guy's I'm gonna put a link
below and show you oughta make a spinach
for your heart Stan
dumping spinach is the best in oxidized
lovely are nice so they can see one day
so I'm gonna leave this to cook 1 X 15
more minutes are probably my attack of
the 20 minutes that's fine lovely
so as I can see pot is boiling up things
is looking lovely so far and right here
this is the butter bean which we're
gonna put straight inside of it this is
available to be look
nice and lovely next let's put a little
bit of ketchup inside of it but as you
can see the oxtail looking lovely and
nice so far what you need to do is to
taste it you can add coconut taste it
so Papa now Julie will are in so much
season so much water sorry guys we need
to add a little bit more season so
little bit of meat season
and I literally done on purpose season
now when I use too much in season a
little bit of pepper
and you can put a piece of a jungle
dance scotch bonnet pepper inside of it
to bring up the flavor some more put a
pinch of salt
not in love they're nice and I love the
column and nice color so yes that's
perfect and leave this far to cook for
about 15 minutes - fun Noblet box tip is
clicking look this guy's gonna sheer dot
I'm going to see what exactly what I'm
talking about
this is you so the I'm still finish
don't understand put ray so roughly
one-and-a-half hour this takes to cook
everything so guys now say anything get
yourself organized tomorrow morning is
this if you're marketing to oxtail today
make sure you forgive tomorrow rice and
peas and I'll still tomorrow for dinner
the holder shear is in a plate with some
plain rice and oh you're gonna see it
lovely and nice nice lovely a nice look
at a beautiful oxygen look so lovely I
got some veggies I'd and some rice
planarize so guys I want you to just
enjoy my recipe and subscribe to youtube
channel thank you very much for watching
chef ranada cooking program as I said we
have a lot more recipe coming out just
like these guys at us stay tuned as we
give it a recipe day by day and as I
said we have a lot more so thank you
very much for who subscribe in the
youtube channel and leave in their
comments and if I didn't say if anyone
here Happy New Year one more time again
enjoy yourself another wonderful time
from chef ricotta and the oxtail can go
with anything you can go it rice and
peas dumpling bronze oh your name it
anything you want to have it with a can
also have it so this is the one of the
best Jamaican oxygen can ever think of
you