[Music]
March is almost here so it's almost time
for the wisteria to start blooming in
the coastal counties followed by the
rest of the state wisteria is one of
those plants that puts on quite a show
and is a good indicator that Spring has
officially sprung it's hard not to love
the clusters of purple and white blooms
suspended on the vines very quickly it
seems like a riot of color from the
fragrant and abundant flowers but never
allow wisteria to grow in a random
fashion it can take over and even kill
larger trees in our yard when kept under
control
wisteria can be an essential Mississippi
garden plant wisteria can be trained on
a fence or as a shrub using judicious
pruning much like training used for
growing grapevines the older trunks can
be extremely twisted and can be many
inches in diameter the consistent
pruning will help to control the
vigorous growth and actually promote
more flowering each spring wisteria
makes great landscape plants because
they are Hardy and extremely long-lived
providing a sturdy trellis or pergola
for this climbing vine can provide
beneficial summer shade the plant climbs
using twining stems that grab hold of
any structure available
I love the wisteria covering the ancient
pergola at Monmouth historic Inn in
Natchez especially when its blooming the
only thing disappointing about wisteria
is the flowering doesn't last very long
the wow what a show I'm horticulturist
Gary Bachman and I'll see you next time
on Southern gardening