hey welcome to haphazard homestead I've
been away for a while and just got back
home being gone for two weeks in May is
like being gone six weeks in March
things are out of control
for one thing I have monsters in my yard
what kind of monsters monster dandelions
what am I gonna do with these monster
dandelions you got it I'm gonna eat them
up big time but wait
aren't big dandelions supposed to be no
good not if you know these tricks I
started by gathering a big batch of
dandelion greens then like usual I
sorted and washed those greens and then
here's the trick I just strip out their
center rib that's no different than
dealing with big collard greens or maybe
even some giant Swiss chard
but these dandelion greens go fast
because I don't have to cut that rib out
I just strip it out with my thumb and
forefinger it's a pretty fast process
from here on out it's no different than
dealing with any other greens blanch
them once in boiling water and then cook
them until they're tender and another
batch of boiling water let's get a live
report on how they taste straight-up all
along mmm I'm still pretty doggone good
mmm it's good mix that with some onions
and bacon that's gonna be good mmm is
good so I hope you find this rib
stripping trick useful if you find your
own monster dandelions and I hope things
are going well at your place and thanks
for watching bye