[Music]
[Music]
8ki Shannon here dry carpet CA we were
on phase 2 so we ripped out some of the
carpet we're getting into the under pad
now we're in a basement and we're on
concrete floors here now when we install
along concrete floors and we put our
under pad down we let the pad float on
top of the service and then we use a
tuck tape on top to tape the seams now
we are ripping out someone else's job
here and something I've always been kind
of against is happened here back maybe
10 years ago and even still to the day
to 20 years ago is the guys would come
in and they glue the seams with glue now
I'm gonna give you an example what
happens when when you're putting it down
and then you know 20 years later 10
years later you come down to rip it up
this is what the next guys coming and
have to deal with now what's bad is is
this not that much glue on you can see
it's a little it's a little tight but
what it'll start to rip in a little
start to tear and what happens is we
have to scrape this up and this now is
kind of glued to the floor and now a lot
of guys will come in and they will just
cheaply go over and they won't scrape it
all up and sometimes you can't scrape it
all up well what happens if you have a
leak or a flood or you have animals that
have made a mess on your carpet and then
all of a sudden now it's stuck to the
concrete floor so what we like to do is
what you'll see in the next video is
we're gonna lay this the new under pad
out and we are going to not do it we are
going to tape it so of course we're
gonna vacuum this and we're gonna clean
it up as good as we possibly can but
we think that glue is the wrong way to
go you guys can see that that now is
stuck to the ground and you'll never
really truly get all that out
[Music]