Bondi was a classic Swiss tradition it's
become a great party favorite in
American homes it warms up a crowd and
really brings everyone together with
most fondue recipes you want to start by
rubbing garlic into the center of the
pan and up the sides a little bit this
is just to impart some aroma and flavor
you don't want to cook with the garlic
cloves just rub it along the inside and
then discard it once you're finished
starting over medium heat we're going to
make a roux which is the combination of
butter and flour what this does is help
stabilize the fondue and keeps it from
separating as well as help thicken it
just slightly the next key element to
all fondues is white wine so we're gonna
slowly add the white wine to the pot
breaking up any lumps of the roof that
have formed and then we're just gonna
let this come to a slight simmer all
fondues are a combination of grated
cheese --is we're using Gruyere and
almond flour which are classic Swiss
cheese's he can be creative and use any
kind of cheese you'd like but we've
stuck with the classics I can tell that
the mixture is just starting to simmer
so this means I can start adding the
cheese the r√≠os help thicken the wine
just slightly and working in small
handfuls I'm going to add both cheeses
and then continue adding once each
addition has been melted and one classic
technique for stirring the fondue is
working the spoon into a figure-eight
rotation
this helps incorporate the cheese and
the wine evenly and smoothly and just
gives a great melted texture and again
you want to make sure you monitor the
heat so it doesn't get too hot if you
notice that it's simmering too much just
reduce the heat slightly
at this point I'm going to turn the heat
down to low a final classic addition to
the fondue is adding Kirsch this is a
cherry liqueur that's added to give a
warm round idli to the fondue a little
pinch of salt and pepper and I like
nutmeg and a little paprika just for
some rounded warm spice flavors so this
is ready to go into our fondue pot I'm
gonna get the flames started just so the
fondue can stay warm once I place the
pot on what's great about this fondue
pot is that it comes with a ceramic
insert that you can place over a metal
base and it works as a double boiler
this helps the fondue from scorching
over the flame so I just need to
transfer the cheese into the ceramic
insert
place it over the metal base and then
it's ready to go over the flame it comes
with a lid and color-coded fondue Forks
that sit nicely in the grooves in the
lid I'm gonna give it a try I can tell
that the roux worked really well in
keeping the cheese from separating and
you can just see how gooey and delicious
this looks this is going to be a big hit
[Music]