[Music]
yo what's up everyone so I am here now
in Sagada and I'm heading on my way to a
girl's house I'd be trying their food
I'd be having breakfast it's just early
in the morning now it's like around 9
a.m. so I went back I went in my hotel I
checked in I put my stuff there I'm just
walking because I left my car in the
parking I was able I was able to park
there there was one parking and I don't
want to miss it and I also want to walk
because it's cold here I really enjoyed
the weather so I'm walking now
[Music]
there is also a hospital here so there
is a hospital and actually in the
streets like it's like I see more people
than in Pinal we and whenever I see less
people in the streets and they got some
really tough humps you know metal humps
so you gotta be careful they got some
restaurants here in the area and there
are some people playing basketball there
so they got also like a basketball court
there are kids playing basketball there
and we can see there are a few houses
also down there so yeah and the ships
here they look different from the ones
in Manila actually they have a different
shape you know this this one is like the
way Manila but the others they are
different oh there is a cow there there
are two cows I wonder how they got there
[Music]
as I got my slippers on I'm always
bringing those incredible deep earth
with me
always always because my shoes is heavy
you know and it's raining
[Music]
walking through Sagada I hope it doesn't
rain
so that my camera will still function
and I can still vlog and upload the vlog
I'll get run over
that's that's the tourist information
center it's right here from me and we're
still walking down mature where's the
there's also Western Union here is
Western Union and there's few stores
here so where you buy your I think
souvenirs and stuff so it's easier so I
got a public market so I guess it's
you're down there
Wow and oh there are some hidden
restaurants over there wow there's a lot
of restaurants so
everywhere restaurants everywhere in the
streets yeah so I'm still looking for
the yogurts house I'm not sure where the
yogurts house is there's like you know
this is a house or the cafe I'm not sure
so there's like I think it's a coffee
shop or a restaurant it's a cafe and
restaurant you so it's up there they got
also a coffee house here moon house you
have moon house or spot they got spot
massage there
man that's bad massage looks like you
need to hustle to get it like you need
to hike up there so that yogurt house
seems really for guys Oh
this is also like hotel and restaurant
got the fruit wine so it's actually
starting to rain now but I can feel
raindrops here it says cafe but I have
no idea how will you get to that cafe so
I don't want to be run over
[Applause]
yeah I think we are there already oh
it's the other house there oh so this is
the yogurt house and this is where I
will be eating my breakfast for today
guys and it's so noisy I don't know
where's the noise coming from you know
whoa
[Applause]
hello yeah so what we got for breakfast
here alright guys so here's the menu
let's have a seat first now you have
upstairs with a view all right so we're
heading upstairs now I'm heading
upstairs and I think they got a few more
tables upstairs
where you know I'd be trying their
breakfast and I'm not actually sure of
what they are serving for today's
breakfast now we got also a view in
front of us Wow
yeah that's the yellow house over there
I'll stink it's yellow cap alright guys
so I just ordered my breakfast now and I
ordered two meals you know one is called
hikers delight and I'll be showing it to
you later
it's classic banana pancake with yogurt
the other one I got is robos tuna open
sandwich so it's basically tuna with
cheese lettuce cucumber carrots yogurt
mayonnaise so there's a lot of
vegetables in there so this is their
menu
this is the one I got the first one and
this is the second one I got
so here I got my coffee black coffee and
sugar also I got my sugar brown sugar
and I got my coffee creamer here so I be
trying the coffee well I wonder what
kind of coffee they are using here it
has like a strong taste to it and
actually when I was driving earlier on
my way from Bernard Sagada it was really
you know I was drinking a lot of coffee
I finished blender thing by myself and
it was really cold on the way the only
thing it was a little bit foggy but we
made it and we got here early actually
like we got together early do my
check-in early as well I left my way boy
that's home he's just chilling I left
his food and his water everything Oh
so look we got the food here and this is
the hikers delight
it's classic banana pancake with yogurt
right or scrambled eggs so we got the
eggs here and bread two pieces of bread
and I got two pieces of bread here so we
can see man look at this wow this is
really mouth watery and even the banana
pancake you know and so first thing I'll
be testing is the banana pancake here
man it looks so so delicious and we can
see oh it's so creamy from the inside
Wow I think that's yogurt inside this is
the banana look at the cream you know
wow it got also jam I think it's
strawberry jam
oh absolutely this says there is a very
slight sourness taste to it and I think
it's coming from the yogurt you know
yogurt is not really famous when it
comes to Filipino food but this time
that I ate like this banana pancake you
know with yogurt it's really interesting
now we can see the strawberry jam on top
also so I'll add a little bit of this
jam to my bite man it's so creamy
oh this bite is really sweet guys
because of the job it's so perfect you
know it for breakfast so it comes also
with toast bread and eggs so here they
put some butter you know in the middle
so let's try their fried eggs Wow look
at the egg yolk Wow I love this kind of
egg which is not overcooked
[Music]
oh now I am ready for the hanging
coffins Janssen
look at this butter here and I'll be
putting the pig man butter eggs hmm
that's the best kind of breakfast so
next I'll be trying the tuna sandwich
here we can see there's a lot of cheese
guys on top of this tuna and it also
looks creamy there's a lot of vegetables
in there actually I'd be trying it right
now
there's also later sleeves and it looks
really big so I was expecting it smaller
[Music]
yeah
so if we take a closer look on it man
it's perfect and it's really cold
actually it's really cold I'm not sure
if it was put in the red or it's because
of Sagada is cold and it's so refreshing
in the morning guys
[Music]
so that's a good mixer the tuna moves
together with the Gert is really good
and it's my first time to eat tuna with
yogurt because the kind of tuna that
I've tried before and the Filipino
restaurants is really different from
this so thumbs up for this I really like
it
you know if you enjoyed watching the
food grab your meal put it on the table
and just it would mean stay tuned I'll
be visiting the hanging coffins so I
just finished eating stay with me
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]