welcome I'm Chef Eric Crowley owner of
the culinary classroom in Los Angeles
and today we are going to be making crem
chanti let's get started ingredients
that we'll need for our crem chanti uh
is some heavy cream or some whipping
cream I have about a cup right here
we're also going to need some powdered
sugar some recipes will call for
granulated sugar I like powdered sugar
cuz it dissolves really uh rapidly and
for one cup of cream I'm going to put in
probably about uh 1 to 2 tespo of
powdered sugar and if you want it
sweeter you can just simply taste it and
make it sweeter by putting in some more
sugar and I have about half a teaspoon
of vanilla in order to proceed I'm going
to wind up taking a bowl and a whip you
could even use a mixing machine it would
be helpful to actually put this into the
refrigerator for about 20 minutes along
with this to get it really nice and cold
cream's going to go into a
bowl I'm going to go ahead and put in a
little bit of sugar right off the top
I'm going to start to blend this
together and then I'll start to add in
the vanilla extract and I'm going to
whip it up until I get to a stiff peak
consistency it'll take about 2 minutes
or so of almost constant whipping you
see very very shortly that it's going to
wind up becoming really thick going to
start to see trails in the cream that
the wires of the whip are leaving now at
this point I'm going to go ahead and
stir in my
extract once the cream starts to thicken
you want to stop whipping and let a blop
stick to the end of the whips and go
ahead head and turn the whip around you
can see these points that are standing
straight up right there that's what we
call a stiff peak 30 seconds prior to
this that point would be curling over a
little bit and that's what we call a
soft Peak really careful that you don't
overwhip it cuz if you wind up
continuing to whip as I would actually
start to do right now if I continue to
whip this it would turn into butter and
we don't want that one of the many uses
for a crem chanelli is to fill up some
cream puffs um in a previous video you
saw me make uh some Pat shoe that I
baked into a round shape and we're going
to fill this up with some crem chantilli
to make a classic cream puff we're going
to start off with our crem chantilli
that I'm going to go ahead and put into
a pastry bag could use a Ziploc bag if
you want but I like these disposable
pastry bags are a little bit more
efficient very very shortly you're going
to see the cream starts to come out from
the sides once you have it there you
know that it's filled and that is crem
Chantell thanks for watching be sure to
click on other links so you can get
other recipes if you don't see something
that interests you email a request to
requests mahalo.com also be sure to
subscribe so you can get lots of
wonderful additional information thanks
and I'll see you soon