here we are looking at the front of the
project the fireplace you can see is
starting to form over there on the left
and this is the stainless steel doors
are going to go in front of this hole in
front of the grill they are sticking out
of the bottom of the grill cover down
there they're going to go right there to
things worthy of note or a few things I
guess one notice the top row here those
are called soldiers actually those are
half soldiers because they're standing
on end
notice these bricks are all standing on
end that's laid just like a regular
brick only you stand it this way put
your mortar down and then put a lot of
mortar between them so it's not that
hard to lay it's just a different style
this you can't lay bricks just over air
they have to have support so this is
called a lintel this you can hear that's
a metal angle iron basically lays from
about from about there all the way to
there and it's expands between the
bricks so the side bricks are holding up
the middle bricks that's a lintel here's
the grille taken apart
it's a weber genesis notice I took the
top out of it and steel stainless steel
doors and over here is what it looks
like stainless steel doors I had to
mount in front use some mollies to get
into the brick on top and bottom to give
it some hinges other than that just use
the doors the bathtub what I call the
bathtub I don't think that's the proper
name for it but the this cast-iron piece
in the bottom I measured it was 19
inches from front to back
and so as this careful make these bricks
exactly 19 inches from here to here so
you can see that there's a little lip
the bathtub just sits right down in
there now we're going to need tops on
this top on this side and on the other
side for that I'm going to use actually
some slate pieces cut to size what I did
was on the last row of bricks I just put
some screws in the these are all-weather
screws I just put them all the way
around the edge here put a slate to lay
on top up and then notice the valves in
this particular grille the valves are
one two three they're going to have to
cut holes on the top of the slate for it
to go in and over on this side just the
screws no holes for spur up for the
grass gas drill here are the knobs
they're going to go in knob little trim
rings and here's the two pieces of slate
I was talking about that's a solid one
this is one I've already drilled out for
the the the trim ring is going to go in
like that and then the knob is going to
go in like that on top and there it is
all together and the slates are in and
the knobs are in all purpose enhance and
seal whatever you can buy basically
stone sealer because what will happen is
you don't want the grease you know
popping out of here and soaking into
this sandstone or slate that's really
absorbent stuff so you put a good sealer
on there to keep it from soaking in and
you can wash it off later okay here we
are inside the fireplace this is called
the firebox or working on it's made of
fire bricks which are as you can see a
little bit different shape than regular
bricks are also capable of handling fire
the heat of a fire
in addition to fire bricks this is
called fire clay or refractory mortar
it's this comes in a bucket pre-prepared
and you just to put these bricks in you
just butter them and kind of like we
buttered the ends of other bricks this
stuff is easier to work with it's nice
and it's almost like putty it's nicely
sticky and it doesn't fall off with
brick and then we just drop this right
in like this squish it in and then I'm
not going to do this right now but after
I trim the mortar I have to tuck in a
little more and so forth you can see
there's messy on the brick the way you
get that off is get a sponge this is
actually the way you lay ceramic tile
also you you grout the tile and then you
use a sponge to wipe that off nice and
clean like that and then do it several
times make sure those no haze that dries
on there and that's that's how you lay
fire brick one other interesting point
here this next fire break I'm laying and
I've drilled the hole with a carbide tip
bit because I'm going to put a gas line
in this fireplace it's not going to be a
gas log but it's going to be a gas
starter it's easier than trying to use
paper and Timlin what all the time you
can just have a gas line in there hook
it to a propane tank on the other side
okay so the firebox is now done notice
it looks really tall that's because the
arch is going to come over here and then
there's a I don't know like a
eight inch to a foot section above it's
called the smoke chamber
that you want to have above the opening
that helps with smoke rolls up slowly it
kind of gets caught up in the fire
chamber and then gets sucked up the
chimney so you want a little bit of a
higher firebox then it would appear from
the outside and then the chimney should
show how this works
these are flue pipes they're ceramic see
them from the top they're kind of a
ceramic flue pipe sometimes people plant
flowers in them here's another one over
here it's at two feet tall this is 13 by
13 square typical size for a fireplace
and you get a at the same place you buy
fireplace stuff you'll have to find a
fireplace bender the same place you buy
the fire brick you can buy the flue
pipes and then you also buy these
lentils which you've seen that before
and the other on the room there's a
lintel and a girl side over here and put
that across so then you can lay your
chimney typically put the chimney
towards the back of the firebox if you
want to Center it you can then you need
two lentils but I put mine in the back
and used one and then you cover these
holes here with either fire brick or
concrete block I'm using I think I'm
going to go ahead and use concrete block
because these fire bricks would kind of
fall through there's not enough room so
just go with concrete blocks we have
over here and then seal that up really
well with the refractory mortar whenever
you have holes so the smoke goes up the
chimney and not everywhere else out of
the box one thing I found out and want
to correct it on the video this domestic
fireplace mortar is pre-mixed in the
bucket bricklayers love it for repairs
and so
fourth because they can just you know
grab it right of the bucket they don't
have to mix it and off they go bad news
is it's water-soluble even after its
dried if you get a good hard rain it'll
start to erode the the mortar right out
of the cracks and I found that out by I
took a hose with the jet you know
sprayer on it and just sprayed that
mortar right out of the crack and the
way I'm going to repair this is I'm
going to jet out some of that and then
replace it with the real the good stuff
which you know for the most part this is
going to stay dry under here anyway so
it's not too much of a problem up high
but I would probably replace the mortar
down low but when you do this make sure
you get the kind that's not pre-mixed
apparently the pre-mixed kind is all
water-soluble whereas the kind that
comes as a dust that you have to mix up
is permanent and that's the kind you
want for outdoor fireplaces the premix
is okay for indoor fireplaces but don't
use it outdoors