broccoli cauliflower and cabbage are
just a few members of the vegetable
family known as brasas if you've only
ever tasted store bought varieties then
you're in for a real treat because
homegrown produce is so much better
broccoli cauliflower and cabbage are
easy to grow in the garden but you can
grow them very successfully in a
container there are three main elements
to Growing successful plants full sun
the right soil and the proper container
these plants all require full sun and
that means 6 to 8 hours of direct
sunlight each day next selecting the
right soil this is going to be a
pre-bagged mix that's specially labeled
for use with vegetables which ensures
that they'll have the proper ratio of
nutrients that your plants need to grow
strong never use garden soil or
landscape soil because they can be too
heavy for root development and they can
also contain weed seeds and other
bacteria finally select the right
container I suggest 12 18 or 24in
diameter containers this measurement
refers to the width of the top of the
container one crucial element to
selecting containers is making sure that
they have drainage holes broccoli
cauliflower and cabbage seeds can be
sewn directly in the garden soil or you
can get a jump on the season and start
the seeds indoors about 8 weeks before
your last spring Frost to result these
gorgeous seedlings ready to go right in
the soil let's get planting I'm going to
use pre- started broccoli transplants I
started these 8 weeks ago and now
they're ready to go write my container
here I have an 18-in container so my two
options are to plant one plant directly
in the center of the container or three
plants spaced equally around the
container to plant dig a hole to
accommodate the size of the root ball
set the plant level with the existing
soil line and gently firm the soil down
to make contact with the root ball
finally gently water in the container to
settle the soil around the roots and
start the growing process every Burpee
Seed packet comes with a full set of
instructions on how to start your seeds
and grow your plants in the garden as
well as a calendar letting you know
exactly when to get planting by
selecting the right container good
potting soil and keeping your plants
well watered you'll be sure to grow a
great container garden on your porch
patio or deck this gardening season
happy gardening you can find an
incredible selection of seeds and plants
at our website burpy.com