hey guys and a very warm welcome back to
courts forty and forty tonight were
going to be having this giant Yorkshire
pudding filled with chicken and potatoes
you can obviously put in forever you
like a lot of folk we'll put a roast
beef dinner and or sausages something
like that but it's up to you so this is
what you're going to need to Gay's if
you went together a goal this is a very
traditional basic recipe so you're going
to need 150 ml of milk 110 grams of
plain sifted flour Joe beaten eggs 2
tablespoons of sunflower or vegetable
oil and a pinch of salt right guys so
let's go over to the mixer and we'll see
rugal from there hey guys the first
thing you want to do is get your flour
and your eggs and to the bottom of a
bowl and you can either use a sand mix
or a hand mixer the the both work just
as well as each other and you want to
whisk them together for a few minutes
just to bring them you know together
only takes a few minutes and then when
it starts to look like this guys you
just want to slowly start adding in your
milk don't add it all at the one time
just sort of do it gradually and slowly
combine that into your mixture and just
keep adding your milk and keep mixing
until it was nice and smooth and you've
got that you know it's filled with some
laser ear the later the better meets a
nice fluffy Yorkshire pudding by the end
so that's that guys that's main done so
you want to just put us back into a jug
and you went to refrigerate it for about
half an hour the colder it is the better
I just put mine back into my glass jug
and put it back into the fridge but
about a half an hour we can leave it on
it as long as you want but at least half
an hour it's all nice and eerie no it's
filled with the air bubbles so you would
excuse the state of my pan guys and just
ignore that I'm using a cake ten with
some nice deep sides and you want to pop
your oil and two tablespoons of your oil
in there and pop it in to pop it into
your oven now your oven should already
be on a gas mark 6
so you putting us on a preheated oven
and leave it on there for about 10
minutes and then bring it back out and
add in your cold butter and once that's
then it'll start to cook slightly at
this age you want to just pop that back
into the oven for about half an hour
this is what you'll have at the end so
I've just put some roast chicken and
side some here baked potatoes some mash
turn up some green beans and some gravy
and that's that guy's easy gotta be spun
round and it's so so tasty
well it's pretty cool so that's that
guys thank you very much again if I pop
and buy and seen what's going on at mins
so much as I keep telling you but it
really does so take care of your shelves
and until next time I'll say goodbye and
yeah - oh I know