hey guys it's Camille I'm sister number
one and today my kitchen I'm gonna be
making my mom's chicken salad recipe so
you're gonna want to stick around so
[Music]
today's recipe is chicken salad and this
recipe my mom's of making it forever and
she makes it a little bit differently
than any other recipe that I have ever
tried but I love it and whenever I make
it for friends or family it always gets
rave reviews this is a great recipe that
you could serve it like a bridal shower
or a baby shower it's just really good
finger food you could put it on some
little tiny rolls and it's a big hit so
let's dive in you're gonna start with
about three cups of cooked shredded
chicken you could also use a rotisserie
chicken for this recipe to that you're
gonna add about one cup of slivered
almonds and then about one and a half
cups of grapes now I cut mine in half
just because they were pretty big grapes
then I have a one cup of celery that
I've chopped up pretty small just
because my kids will eat it when I cut
it up a lot smaller now gently mix that
all together and set it aside we're
gonna make the dressing now for your
chicken salad so you're gonna start with
about 3/4 cup of mayonnaise now for this
recipe I actually use the light
mayonnaise and it worked out great but
you can use whatever you want to that
we're going to add about 1/2 cup of
ranch dressing now you can see I'm using
a light dressing here but any ranch
dressing will work just use your
favorite the next thing we're gonna add
is buttermilk so if you've never bought
buttermilk before it's really great and
recipes like this I also like to use it
a lot when I'm baking but if you don't
have buttermilk on hand feel free to use
just regular milk and the last thing
we're gonna add is just a 1/2 packet of
dry ranch dressing mix this is really
where a lot of the flavor of the chicken
salad is gonna come from so you don't
want to skip this ingredient the last
thing is just some dill weed I aim for
about half a teaspoon
you can do as much or as little as you
want so mix that all together you want
to make sure that you really work in all
the dry stuff and get out all the lumps
and then just stir stir stir until it's
nice and smooth once you get it all
stirred together you're gonna gently put
it on top of your chicken mixture get as
much of it as you can because this is
what's going to really make this chicken
salad come alive I mix it all together
gently again and there you have it
chicken salad done now it's done that
quickly and like I said I use a
rotisserie chicken and that makes this
recipe so easy to make it's a perfect
weeknight meal when you just need
something quick and fast that your
family will love and that's all you have
to do now I do like to keep this in the
fridge for about an hour before we eat
it just to kind of let those flavors
meld together and then I serve it on
either small sandwich rolls or hamburger
buns and that's it so if you're looking
for more recipes like this be sure to
subscribe to our channel click the
button below and then watch more of our
favorite videos that we have right here
on our channel 6 sister stuff