hi I'm Franco Robert Dyas in Swindon
where we have hard water we're often
asked how to descale a kettle it's easy
and I'm going to show you how limescale
can damage both the inside and the
outside of your kettle where still it
bores water slower so it uses more
energy and cost you more money every
time here's kill rotten bit k which
solves the problem quickly and easily
you half fill the kettle of water bring
it to the boil pop it in the sink and
carefully have one dose of kill rot big
cake it shows you how much to use on the
side it will fits for about five minutes
once it's stopped
and see the water out refill it with
water and bring it to the boil again
then flush it through with clean water
and you're good to go when it's cleaned
out we also recommend that you pop in a
kettle de fer which helps prevent lime
scale buildup it's inexpensive and will
keep your kettle in good condition if
you have any questions for me or my
colleagues come and see us install