okay so we're gonna get ready to do this
AI on cookie so I have I've added a
little bit of the semen extender into
here so to suck it up with your tube
you're gonna get your tube down there at
your keys do not have very much sperm
that comes out especially the little
ones you don't need to add the whole
bottle you're gonna slowly suck it up
too quickly and you're gonna ruin the
tails of the sperm okay I've got a
little air in my tube so I'm gonna just
go back down a little bit okay so we're
gonna put that down okay so she's a
little bit wily she doesn't like this
she's a little bit you know she likes to
move around so you're gonna flip her
tail up I like to have two people do it
especially when you have a female who's
not going to willingly push against you
as you're pushing the tube in she's
gonna turn try to turn and bite a little
bit so what you're gonna do you want to
go in you don't want to scrape the
bottom of this V on her vulva you want
to get in up here at the more of the top
area you can tell she's ready as soon as
I start touching around here her her
tail moves to the side and you can tell
that she's ready so what you're gonna do
is you don't want to go to the very
bottom and try to go up you're gonna go
towards the top of the opening of the
slit start to get that in there actually
we can use a little bit of gel hopefully
that will make this is first firm
friendly gel by the way this will make
it a little bit easier for the female
especially tiny ones like this okay so
we're gonna go in remember don't go at
the bottom and go at the top okay
we're going in at an angle at an upward
angle okay okay I'm feeling a little bit
of resistance probably means my tubes
right at the top right under her hips so
I'm gonna start to push the tube down
those um the uterine horn you're going
to come down into the
horn so once you get up and you get the
top start to angle yourself down see how
I slipped right in there slip it up and
then look now I'm pretty far in there
she's expressing a little discomfort if
I try to go any farther so we're gonna
lead us to leave it right there this is
only a 6-inch tube so the male is at
least that long and he's able to get him
whole stuff his whole self inside of her
so then we're just gonna slowly insert
raise her bum up in the air a little bit
so you don't you get it's a little
coming back out as possible and you
gotta realize this is way more fluid
than what a male would normally deposit
into a female okay I'm just slowly
pushing the fluid in looking for any
back fluid I'm not seeing any if I saw
any fluid coming back out I'd readjust
where my tube is sitting inside of her
oh I'm seeing a little bit of fluid back
out you can see a couple drips right
there we're gonna readjust a little bit
there we go see the tube uneven just a
little farther okay kind of touch her
back here this is what a normal
experience would be she'd be fill in the
mail see now we're slowly pushing that
in we're not seeing any fluid come back
out okay we're all in I'm gonna take the
bottom of her vulva and push it up pull
the tube out now we're gonna keep her up
like this for about 15 minutes you want
that fluid to be able to flow right down
into the uterine horns and get as many
eggs as possible she did really good
good girl
so yeah that's our AI thanks for
watching