got the temper Symphony pillow here from
tempur-pedic and this pillow retails for
$99 but most recently it's on sale for
about 69 as you can see if that's a nice
packet and I'll show you this tell a
little unique because it has two
different distinct sides to it so one
side has a contour and you can feel that
there's like a little divot in here and
then if you flip it over you have a
flatter side so the flat side is going
to be more for your side and stomach
sleepers or at the back it's going to be
for your back sleepers so when you lay
on your back back your head will just
cradle right in and then you'll also get
the contouring neck support now one
thing I noticed too is um tempur-pedic's
been in the game a long time and they
just do a really they've really come a
long way with their phones
I remember getting a tempurpedic pillow
when they first came out about 1718
years ago and it was a much heavier much
thicker and recovered a lot slower so
they've done a lot of tweaking over the
years and this peel will go definitely
should appeal to most sleepers as you
can see the cover is also washable to
knit cover that's washable and
breathable so you could just unzip this
and throw it in the wash and then here
you have the memory foam in here and
there are no returns with this pillow so
if it is a personal item so you know you
are you know kind of buy at your own
risk
but something definitely to consider if
you're new to memory foam pillows and
you know you sleep in a lot of different
conditions this one will accommodate all
three so more information on this
cologne sleep super calm