Hausa go on everyone I hope you're
having a kick-ass week right now I am
moments away from the very first drips
coming off the still for Buccaneer Bob's
rum this is the spirit run the pointy
end of the business and I cannot wait to
get into it
welcome to still everyone I'm Jesse and
this is the channel all about chasing
the craft of home distillation and
making it a legitimate hobby so if that
heats your boiler guys make sure they
have a look around check the channel out
and if you dig it hit the subscribe
button down below for me check the
notification bell any won't miss
anything
Oh guys I am excited for this I am so
excited for this I've been wanting to
make rum for ages and honestly let's be
honest I haven't done a spirit run on
the channel for quite some time so it's
exciting to get stuck back into it just
a quick recap team in case you don't
know what's happening with this rum and
I've got videos for all of this in a
playlist so if you want to go back and
check on any of these other things check
the playlist up top right now and that
will give you a list of all the videos
for this rum but a quick recap just in
case you don't want to go back and check
all of that it is a blackstrap molasses
rum made with the addition of some raw
sugar as well I made a few generations
at a smaller size to get the back set or
the dunzo going and then I stepped up to
a rather large wash of about a hundred
and sixty litres it all got stripped out
down to about 40 litres of low wines and
the stuff and the boiler right now has
also head lived' under added back into
it and it has been reflux like full
reflux for an hour and a half and an
attempt to bump up the esterification
that's where we're at right now the
boiler is just going to change its noise
so I think we're getting kind of close
let's dump over there and I'll make sure
I catch the first drips for you guys
let's do it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hmm okay that was fun I had a whole lot
of fun doing that slow-mo I haven't done
it in a long time I know so sorry about
that and I hope you guys enjoyed it too
anyway we have managed to get through
five whole jars right now these sixth
are sitting underneath the spout the
four shots came off at exactly 80% jar
one was down to 79 and now through to
jar
five we're down to about 78 so it's not
moving much at all but to be honest I
guess I kind of expected that with so
many low whines going into the still so
what I haven't done yet actually as as I
have a taste of anything coming off the
still and I probably gonna wait till
about 7:00 or something like that to do
so so what I want to do while I'm
waiting for just even to pop up is to
have a little talk about how I've got
the still set up and and how I'm running
it basically so as you know guys I'm
using a CC VM still in pot mode which
essentially means it's a straight pot
still there's no active reflux happening
whatsoever it's all passive but I do
have a set up with a relatively large
long column so there's an argument to be
made saying that that will cause a
little bit more passive reflux then
normal and perhaps make things you know
a little cleaner then there would be
otherwise I used both elements to heat
up so for kilowatts full power up until
I was close to getting ready and then I
turned one element off and in the other
man elem other element down to about
three quarts so I've got three quarts of
one two kilowatt elements running at the
moment essentially I chose that amount
of power just simply based by the the
rate the speed that was coming off the
still and trying to match to something
that I was comfortable with so while I
was talking these still carried on and
we are now halfway through ja8 so I took
a little sample what's coming off the
still let's see when he 7% still so I've
proofed it down so this is run around
35% so um geez guys let's have a taste
I think it's
maybe a touch hid Zee still it's got a
little bit of that almost almost salty
sort of thing going on that you get in a
lot of scotches anyway that potpourri
flavor is gone I can't smell it taste it
at all right now so it'll be interesting
to see if n win that shows up at other
parts during the rum right now I am
getting very little of the molasses the
coffee the chocolate the deep dark sort
of grungy flavors but what I am getting
was sort of the more fruity eastery
flavors still a little bit it'll be
interesting to see when I go back to
taste whether they set a little bit
further up into the kids whether they
come out later on as well all in all
that gives me hope I get the feeling
that there is a few things in there that
may disappear when they sit overnight
for a little while as well be very
interesting to see if that's similar to
the the other blending that I've done
anyway team over to get back over there
and switch this jar because it's about
to overflow and I'll be back in just a
second perhaps what I would do to is
take a little bit of the back seat the
dander and edit in Buccaneer Bob Stiles
just to sort of maybe give an idea of
what sort of happening when I do that oh
just to say to guys this is the dander
straight out of the the bottom of the
pot from the stripping run it is not
anything that I did after adding the
live dander I just decided that I wanted
to keep some of that some clean cleaned
under to use for the sort of stuff
rather than having to worry about what
was left in the pot from the life
Thunder it might be a little bit over
the top but it is what it is anyway
cheers guys whoa whoa that's crazy so
Ed's back in there some a salad hurt
which is pretty cool
and it adds in sort of a mouth coating
buttery mouthfeel which is really nice
actually
and gives you back heaps of the the
chocolate the coffee the straight-up
molasses or the golden syrup honey sort
of flavors mmm yep I can see that
working for sure
and obviously the the spirit base itself
is pretty one-dimensional right now
seeing as it's only this exact fraction
that happens to be coming through the
still right now so yeah I'm feeling good
about this so far guys it's feeling good
we are now through jar 11 it's holding
strong at 76% I have taken a little bit
more off to do another taste and I've
also got a couple of questions coming
that I want to answer as well oh wow
yeah it's like more honey but I am
getting a touch of that floral potpourri
note so it will be interesting to see if
that keeps increasing all the way
through to the end of the run but yeah
really big honey and a little bit of
them almost like green grass thing going
on right now actually to the first one
that was essentially how do you stop
yourself from getting messed up how do
you stop yourself getting drunk if you
are tasting during the run you know if
you're out there for five six hours and
you're gonna taste every jar how do you
stop yourself giving me a stone number
one make sure you're cutting the stuff
down below 40% that will stop burning
your taste buds out and it will also
obviously mean that you're consuming at
least or alcohol on the whole if you
assume that you know you can get the
same amount of flavor out of it by the
same sort of volume that's going into
your mouth number two spit spit all day
long do not swallow I do tend to forget
that myself and you may have noticed
that just before I swallowed I have to
actively remind myself not to swallow
I find that does help if you have a
little a little spit jar or something
that you can sort of roam around with as
well as much for the convenience as it
is for the sort of a mental reminder to
make sure that you're not swallowing as
well and the third thing I would say on
that is this is the other reason why I
make all my
cuts off the still and leave them till
the next day if I get a little tipsy I
can back off for a while and go back to
it when I'm feeling good you don't have
to do it all on the fly as it's coming
off the still so the main idea there
guys is that you break it down into
little cut stars I'm doing five hundred
mils each you leave them out overnight
you let them ear off it'll be easier to
taste what's what's actually there and
what you're more likely to get at the
end and once again you're on no
timeframe cool speaking of which let me
switch over to jar 12 the second
question is basically how how do I
convert for temperature with the alcohol
meter cuz just to recap guys these Alka
meters or any hydrometer basically is
temperature calibrated to a certain
temperature if the liquid that you're
testing moves away from that temperature
obviously the density of the liquid is
going to change too and throw your
reading out so if you're using tables
and you're constantly looking stuff up
it as depending on you know sort of what
you're into that can be a pain in the
butt the way I do it guys is I just
adjust the flow of water into my
condenser so that the spirits coming out
of the condenser is as close as I can
get it to the calibration temperature of
the ELCA meter does that make sense
so this one is calibrated to 20 degrees
just checking that's the same as my
other ones and basically all I've done
is tune the water flowed down down down
down until I can get the spirit coming
off the spout to 20 degrees at the
moment it's actually more like twenty
point eight but it is what it is that
way I can just run it straight into here
to get straight on the parrot and not
have to bother look doing a lookup chart
or anything like that if for whatever
reason say the temperature of your
groundwater or the amount of energy
you're putting into your still compared
to the knock down capability of your
condenser and for whatever reason you
can't get it to that temperature there
are apps out there that will do it for
you so you literally just type it in and
hit enter and go that's cool or to be
honest if I was going to do something
like that I'd probably just print a
table out and stick it up on the wall
right behind the still anyway now that
I've been talking for a little while let
me go taste this again making sure a
spurt and see whether or not that floral
the papery note is getting stronger or
not hold on
it's almost presenting more um more like
orange now not orange or not orange peel
just orange zest not the actual fruit
wow that's really interesting yeah and
it's still there
on the taste as well damn it I swallowed
again that is really tasty which was
fake floral almost like air freshener
spray floral potpourri spray really bad
cheap perfume not in a horrible way but
in there and that sort of slightly fake
flower way has faded in the space of
what's that three jars and now it's
really Orange II but now that I think
about it those two flavors are actually
are actually really similar hmm anyway
anyway let me give it another couple of
jars and I will give it back to you
[Music]
all right team whoo so we are now
through to JA 18 so there is nine liters
that's come off these still so far it is
coming off at 74% right now
so essentially it looks like every sort
of liter liter and a half it drops by
about a percent but I do have a little
other little sample to taste now and the
reason I've jumped back and now is
because there's something interesting
starting to show up I'm just starting to
get the molasses flavors coming through
took me a long time to figure out what
it was because it was just this weird
almost do mommy round presence and the
spirit that wasn't there before not so
much the chocolate and the coffee yet
more of the the golden syrup the caramel
honey more actually acid honey before
didn't I
so maybe that was the beginning of it
but anyway I'm really starting to enjoy
that so I think the blending for the
spirit is going to be insane I think
there's gonna be a lot of things to pick
out and decide what to keep and what not
to keep so it's gonna be a totally
different video anyway team it's that
time of the video we're after say a huge
thank you to the patreon thank you thank
you so much guys the reason that I can
run things like this and buy ingredients
and develop still it into something more
as because of your contribution so thank
you very much team I thoroughly
thoroughly appreciate that team to be
honest about all I can do from here on
in I think is just sort of do some
random tasting notes on what shows up
and to be honest I think with something
this complex that the rum that deserves
its own video so I hope you enjoyed
doing the spirit run for Buccaneer Bob's
rum with me guys so make sure to check
out the other videos in the Buccaneer
Bob's playlist if you haven't done so or
really there is a card up top which
should show up at the end of the video
for you again and I will stick it in the
link down below to who in any case guys
thanks a bunch for watching the video I
hope you enjoyed it if you liked it make
sure to give it a thumbs up if you
really liked it and you haven't done so
yet make sure you subscribe down below
and I'll catch you guys next time see ya