hi guys it's Danielle it's a Thursday
night and I am grilling some sweet
peppers on the grill and thought I'd
show you what I do I've got I've got our
big green egg started we got this maybe
four months ago and I'm quite proud of
myself I must say this is the first time
that I'm doing everything myself so I
started these coals on fire and I think
it'll take 10 minutes until we're ready
to go you may have seen these in my ALDI
hauls but I buy these sweet peppers
almost every week so I'm just going to
put them in a bowl and season with some
olive oil salt and toss that around this
grilling basket was a gift but I will
try to find the link but it is awesome
because when you put it on the grill
this handle detaches so it won't pick up
a lot of room in your girl and you can
you know obviously shut the lid and then
when you're ready to take it off you put
this handle back on and get it out of
there
all right here we go I like them nice
and charred but I don't want them to get
too done right away so I'm kind of
putting them on indirect heat I'm going
to take this handle off shut the lid and
I am going to put a timer so I know
exactly how long it took okay these look
good to me I like them nice and charred
but my husband and my son don't so looks
like I have a nice mix here this was 15
minutes and I flipped them half way
through around 8 minutes leave smells so
good I wish you could smell stir you
cube I did want to mention you don't
have to have a charcoal grill to do this
you can do it on any kind of grill and
in fact I was thinking you could even do
this on a bonfire if you have a grilling
basket like this that would be tons of
fun so thank you so much for watching
this video give it a thumbs up if you
want to see more grilling videos or big
green egg videos and please check out my
other videos and subscribe have a great
day
you