who says bikes belong in garages
hey guys welcome back if you're anything
like me you understand that having a
garage for a workshop means storage
space is a commodity so this summer when
we bought new bikes for our kids our
step one was to build a shed to store
them in and keep the bikes out of the
elements and take long to knock out the
basic shape of the shed but the thing
that we kept running into is how unlevel
the ground was I want to keep a
consistent pattern of the low my sixes
that wrap around both sides and the
front of the shed so I use this chunk of
half-inch plywood just to gap everything
out as I was going I use a 2 by 6 for
the fascia around the top of the shed
just to kind of give it a little bit
more depth and a little bit more
definition between the top and the sides
I literally miscalculated the lumber I
needed by two two by fours so I did use
some untreated two by fours that I had
on hand because these are for the roof
trusses which will be hidden underneath
the roof material I wasn't too concerned
about them being affected by the
elements segue to the roof material that
we used which was this Coria gated PVC
roof paneling a super easy to work with
and really kept the costs down on what
we were trying to do I lined it up so on
every overlapping seam there'd be one of
these cross braces it was recommended to
use these special like bolts that have
like a rubber gasket on them just to
help seal off from any water leaking
through once the roof is all buttoned up
I went to cutting all my pieces that I
needed to make the doors it's inevitable
that a kid's gonna swing on one of these
doors at some point so I decide to use
lap joints just to kind of give it as
much strength as possible so a save time
I set up my dado stack to do this protip
make sure none of the teeth are touching
when you're putting your data stack
together
just to make life easier I set up a stop
block on my table-saw so I could just
run through all the pieces I needed to
do you don't have a table saw or a dado
blade you can always use a depth stop on
your miter saw just to be able to nibble
away at the material I was lucky enough
to have the Fonz come help me after I'd
finished cutting all my pieces to length
for extra strength we use type on three
as well as screws in all the corners
just hold everything as secure as
possible
hey PSE self-centering drawer boats from
Rockler or the bee's knees
[Music]
was able to hold the door in place when
my son came in and put all our starter
screws in we loosely tacked in the 1 by
6 that we'd be using as the cladding
just to get things started and lined up
across the front then we went back and
forth just cutting each piece as needed
to make sure that the grain somewhat was
consistent a trick that I also used for
hanging gates is to tackle the board's
in place and do it as one piece I think
this is an easy way to keep things level
and then I can just come back with my
skill saw and just cut straight down the
middle of the two pieces and release the
doors from each other
for extra strength we did add some
snakes just to make sure that we gave
the shed as much of a chance not to move
as possible
I cut just little spacer blocks just so
I would have some sort of a nailing
surface for the last two angled cuts
that had to be attached but the final
two cuts were brought to you by my
digital angle finder it was pretty easy
to line everything up and find the
random angle for the 2 by 6 and then I
would just transfer that and line it up
with the track of my track saw in fact
no boards were wasted in the making of
these cuts as able to get my first piece
cut and in place within well like 1 on
half cuts really want to say how much I
appreciate you checking out my channel
and just spending your time watching the
videos that I make you would have done
anything differently in this build I
look forward to connecting in
disagreeing and the comments below just
joking a pretty happy that we owned with
this brown treated material as opposed
to the traditional green treated boards
that you typically see
I kept the hardware as simple as
possible on the right-hand door I
installed one of these pins that would
just lock the right door in place and
then the left door which is the main
door that the kids would be going in and
out of we use a little bit more
sophisticated of a latch and with latch
installed I was done
[Music]
thanks again for watching if you guys
like what you see I'd love to see hit
that like button until next time take
care
[Music]