[Music]
hey everyone Nene here welcome back to
my channel
I want to first start off by saying
happy Veterans Day to all the men and
women who have served and continue to
serve a great country thank you so much
for your service I know firsthand of all
the sacrifices you have to make for your
family whether you know me personally or
have been following me for a while now
you know that my husband is in the
military so in honor of Veterans Day I
thought I show you all my process of
decorating a care package and also share
some tips and tricks along the way so I
hope you enjoyed this video of my son
and I decorating this care package and
again happy Veterans Day if you see any
men and women today be sure to thank
them and if you like to see how I
decorate this care package then please
continue watching
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow what are these chocolate stars do
you know what color they are
yeah well yeah Danielle own lips and
white I totally am gonna hunt monster
come on yeah
strip it yep oh no on the paper yeah we
have to peel the back
[Music]
[Music]
this is the care package you guys like
it so tip number one what you want to do
is go to your local postal office and
pick up one of these flat rate boxes no
matter how much stuff you put in here or
how much it weighs the rate it's all the
same I believe it'll be $14 my second
tip is optional but what I like to do is
actually decorate the care package so
this is the theme we wins for and when I
say we I need my son and I because he
helps me put all the stars in the center
the next tip is of course filled with
the care package with goodies and in all
honesty it really depends on the person
my husband
this time around he requested for snacks
and pictures so I got items based around
his request so I'm gonna share them with
you this is the body powder this is
definitely an essential if your
significant other is in a very hot
climate area this will come in handy
because down there if you know what I
mean can get really sweaty and
uncomfortable and this helps with that
it alleviates the itching and the
stickiness okay pretty self-explanatory
you need a gel this is the last family
picture we took together and I got this
picture print at Walmart for $1 how can
you do that they look so nice and I wish
I got to because I always win
picture the next item I got for thumb is
hot sauce because sometimes the food can
be very bland and flavorless
so hopefully this hot sauce will help
and and we'd love to talk about a hot
sauce does anybody else like that we
also like you know of course epipheo
piece mio droplets for your water to
flavor your water thing with the food
sometimes the water can you know not
taste the same as the water in America
huh you can't ever go wrong with the
watermelon sour patch I also got him
some guns tuna in the foil to go with
the tuna
I also got my husband B's so he could
also eat the cheats with the crackers
I got him some slim jims
some nuts to munch on he actually
requested for some hot food oh yes well
as you can see I just decorated the
bottom and the flaps of the box you can
absolutely decorate the entire box but I
thought all the snacks and items are
just going to cover it anyway so it
wouldn't matter so let's see if
everything fits oh by the way I'm in my
Christmas
and sometimes if you need to take things
out of their packaging because we know
sometimes the Box can be bulky
definitely do that whatever it takes to
get all the items fit in the box so I
think what I'm gonna do is actually make
another one and send these items off
this is all I could fit so that is it
for today's video thank you so much for
tuning and I hope you all enjoyed it
again happy Veterans Day and I'll see
you guys in the next video
[Music]