hi welcome to sugar spice today we are
making leeks and rice Greek food
it's brass are very easy and I have a
special guest
grandma hi buddy you your cake thank you
and she is going to show you how to make
the Greek okay grandma tell us what do
we need right it is easy right little
Tina Russia leeks
how many pasta four five four five of
them love oil lamarka tomato and she's
using a tomato sauce and he felt its
dill she had dried it up just gonna show
right now it's dry oh external yes
it's dry yeah first one it's better and
meant that in and this one is dried up
as well that's it
All Right see ya you cut
it was that very good because it covers
a person on it Bergman yeah you see you
till open like that look like that yeah
it's a polar and I let it meet you all
you not too much
okay now shut up on this top
and then now I put the flash leaks in
you guys are gonna mix this up and let
it stir fry bit and you're gonna add a
bit of monta and I believe a bit of dill
I like to see fresh in it more more good
but I don't have a fish I covered that
says the dry ones
now now you put now you're gonna mix it
up until like because men are not speak
English yes predict okay if you see that
it needs to be fried a bit more just add
more water if it's turned out all the
water as you see that the leeks are a
bit fried up you're gonna add your ice
I'm using a brown rice today about 3/4
cups just put it in there and mix it all
up
okay and then you're gonna add two cups
of your tomato sauce okay you're gonna
mix up your two cups of tomato paste and
then you're gonna boil a bit of water
and you go to add that in your food and
you can mix everything up so once you
put in the water you're gonna let it
cook your leeks and you're gonna cover
it all right you're gonna go ahead and
add a bit of pepper and a bit of salt
all right we're gonna mix it up we need
to mix it up every so often so like this
they won't stick you should try to
analyze and see if the right look he
needs to be cooked more so once you have
added all your ingredients you let it
cook for about 25 minutes or so and just
give it a test see if your rice is ready
see if your leeks are done and nice and
soft and your rice is cooked if it is oh
and the food is ready if you see that
your rice and leeks is not ready yet
just add another cup of boiling water to
your food and let it cook
all right your rice and leek is ready
well this one is ready so if yours are
ready you turn off your stove and it's
ready to eat
hmm we're gonna let it cool off a bit
here is the processor Mettur easy the
leeks with rice it is ready make sure
looks so yummy and I'm going to enjoy it
I'm gonna add just a bit of feta and I
have my lemon juice and I'm going to
enjoy it mix that up
mmm that looks yummy and it tastes so
good I'm better fed up I hope you guys
enjoyed it bye