you're going to eat that maybe think
again welcome to Miz Mojo and today
we're counting down our picks for the
top five foods to avoid when drinking
before we begin we publish new videos
every day so be sure to subscribe for
more great content for this list we'll
be looking at foods that you eat on a
regular basis but really should steer
clear of before and during a big night
on the town avoiding these Foods may not
be easy or fun especially once you've
started drinking but do your future
hungover self a favor and and start the
night with something that isn't listed
below number five soda pop fizzy drinks
or energy drinks well now this might be
a tricky one to avoid yes and it's the
choice of a new generation whatever
Regional term you prefer sweet and
delicious carbonated bubbly drink should
be avoided colas Ginger ales energy
drinks lemon lime sodas and the like all
do little to replenish your body with
much needed fluids I need fuel in fact
they just leave you dehydrated something
alcohol is already working hard towards
when their powers combine the tag team
of soda pop and Hooch deliver a
devastating onew punch of dehydration
and unquenchable thirst to keep you on
the ropes before Ling it over you the
next morning with a sugary hangover the
alternative use fruit juices and simple
carbonated water for mixers or just
stick with beer or wine number four
spicy food
[Music]
what long story short if a food is
already hard on your tummy When You're
Sober it's only going to get more
abusive when you're drinking yes the
pairing of your favorite spicy food with
your drink of choice may seem like
heaven but it's an Unholy intestinal
Alliance hell bent on attacking you from
within via acid reflux feel like I ate
the sun while spicy food already puts
you at risk of a flare up alcohol
relaxes your esophageal sphincter the
muscle responsible for keeping stomach
acid in check so as delicious as a hot
curry or bucket of hot wings might be
they're best left off the menu of
Captain Morgan Johnny Walker Alexander
Keith Jim Bean or Jack Daniels will be
in attendance George likes his chicken
spicy number three salad as a wise man
once said you don't win friends with
salad you don't win friends with salad
you don't win friends with salad if your
evening plans include consuming any kind
of Beverage requiring an ID then lce and
company is not the meal of choice to get
on your body's good side h delicious
sure it makes sense as anyone with a lab
coat and box of latex gloves will tell
you salad is always a healthy choice but
when beer Wine and Spirits are on the
invite list eating a leafy green salad
is basically like not eating at all
because they're simpler to digest
vegetables will likely be out of your
system long before your stomach is
overrun with booze what you really need
is protein looks like meat back on the
menu
boy number two Dairy with all all due
respect to the dude the duo of dairy and
alcohol won't do much to tie the room
together yeah well you know that's just
like uh your opinion man much like the
dangerous dance that is spicy food and
Hooch the partnership of cow juice and
Fir water is a recipe for heartburn with
a Pepto Mal Chaser part of the problem
is that even when sober Dairy isn't a
delight for your digestive track Boze I
can handle the dairy was the mistake
additionally as previously mentioned a
drunk tummy is one already prone to acid
reflex unfortunately this bad news isn't
limited to White Russians and the like
it means that cheese and cheese enhanced
foods like nachos tacos and even Pizza
are equally ill advised before or after
the drinking has begun milk was a bad
choice number one salty snacks the
following should not come as a shock to
you but salty foods make you thirsty
loading up on Peanuts chips pretzels or
cashews will only make you drink more
and that leads to all kinds of trouble
these
pretzels are making me thirsty alcohol
is what we call a diuretic which means
it does two things first it prevents the
body from properly absorbing water
leaving you thirsty and likely to drink
more and second it ramps up your urine
production add a bowl of party nuts or
corn chips to the mix and your night of
intellectual discussion and confident
dance moves risk being reduced to a
fuzzy evening slouched on a bar stool
only only broken up by frequent pee
breaks anyone else need a pee break yeah
do you agree with our picks check out
these other great clips from M Mojo And
subscribe for new videos every day