what's up everybody Master King chef J
right here and I appreciate you guys
watching this is actually episode 3 of
the flavortown
and I got a special treat for you today
we are going to be making a chicken pot
pie
but not just any chicken pot pie I'm
gonna take some chicken seasoning some
jerk marinade and jerk spices grill it
and it's going to knock your socks off
so if I was you guys I would not go
anywhere stick around so you guys know
me by now I'm always trying to take
things to the next level so this chicken
pot pie is not gonna be grandma's pot
pie what I'm gonna do is take this
chicken and season and some jerk
marinade you guys inspired me so much as
a matter of fact I'd like to give a
shout out to one of my fan who actually
make this awesome picture pudding her
name is Candice partner Candice I really
appreciate you doing that for me that
right there that is the bomb.com
appreciate that
alright so let's get to the season of
the chicken so I have some chicken press
right here I'm gonna season it live it
with some jerk spikes okay but first I'm
gonna hit it with some salt right and
make sure you get both sides of that
I'm gonna season with some salt and then
I'm hit it with some ground fresh
cracked black pepper actually this is a
medley of peppers right hey this is a
peppercorn medley it just gives it more
flavor y'all know me we always talking
about building flavors and I just not
saying it I really do want you guys to
build flavors so I'm going to take that
jerk spice and liberally season both
sides of that chicken breast with that
jerk spice I'm gonna flip it over and
I'm gonna do the same thing again so
cup of corn and then the judge spice so
I added that jerk spice the salt the
pepper now I'm going to kick it up
another level now of course you can make
your own jerk marinade but I have this
jerk marinade I bought from a local
supermarket you guys can do the same and
I'm gonna put it on this jerk chicken
right here man it's going to give it so
much flavor and we're doing all this
just for chicken potpie
okay now I'm gonna let this go in the
fridge let it marinate for about 30
minutes and then guys we're gonna grill
this inside the house okay
I'm going all right so I am pulling this
wonderful marinated chicken out of the
refrigerator and now we're gonna grill
all right so right here I have this
grill pan that you guys can use inside
your house okay it is really cold
outside it's like 24 degrees so you know
I'm on my hand'd boy and I'm here in
Nashville I ain't going out there then
call the grill so I'm gonna do it inside
the house so I'm gonna add a little bit
of olive oil to the pan and then take
this chicken breast that I have right
here man now guys
any time you're cooking or grilling or
frying and you put something in the pan
it doesn't make that noise your pan was
not hot enough okay all right so I'm
gonna set these chicken breasts down and
they're pretty big size chicken breasts
they're probably gonna cook about five
minutes per side I'm gonna get those
nice and grilled and then I'll show you
guys exactly what we're gonna do next
oh man it's just smelling so good man
look at it come in come in come in look
at it you smell that
can you smell it can you smell that
killer guy yeah that's what I'm talking
about you see that jerk chicken right
there it's gonna take that chicken
potpie
to a whole another level to a whole
nother world to a whole nother
stratosphere well the fling town baby
[Music]
whoo amen welcome back I was out I don't
know where I was but it was fun up there
all right so check it out
this right here it's looking and
smelling exactly how I wanted to and as
you see here I have a grill pen press
and I have a grill pan but if you don't
have that don't worry don't have a cow
all right all you gotta do is sear it
off in the pan or just bake it in the
oven but I do recommend you use these
same spices that I use okay all right so
I'm gonna take this chicken out and look
how beautiful look at that nice and
caramelized and full of flavor
we're gonna set this to the side because
later guys what we're gonna do is take
this chicken dice it and we're gonna add
it to our pot pot mix then I'm gonna
show you guys how to do next okay and
anytime guys you're gonna cut anything
that you bring out of the oven or even
if you bring out of the pan you have to
let it rest okay
because if you don't if I cut into this
right now all those juices that we've
marinated what you seep out and we would
have dry chicken you don't wanna hide
righty all right so we're gonna make
this we're gonna put this to the side
and then we're gonna get into that pot
pie mix alright so I got olive oil
butter in here I'm gonna add my fresh
carrots in there okay just put some
carrots and dice them up then a half of
our onion and then in there as well
okay and then I got some celery cuz you
can't have a pot pie without onions
carrots and celery right it's impossible
so I'm gonna add that in there now we
gotta take our time and let this cook
alright maybe about seven minutes but we
don't want it to get mushy because we
wanted to have a break cuz we're gonna
bake your stuff all right now any time
you're using fresh vegetables make sure
you season them okay and what the salt
pepper does it just brings up the
natural flavors in those vegetables all
right I'm gonna saute this for about
five to seven minutes and then we're
gonna add some more ingredients
[Music]
all right saw about three minutes I'm
halfway there where I want to be with
these carrots and peppers so right here
I have some peppers and onions okay now
this is a whole nother level for the
potpie most people don't do this but
y'all know me all right because we're
not making jerk
Popeye right you can't have jerk without
toughness over we're going to add a
little bit of jerk spice to there as
well
all right just a little bit and then I'm
gonna add some fresh garlic that I've
messed up okay I'm adding the garlic now
because follow the answer Garden when I
added the rest of the vegetables the GAR
little bird we don't want like garlic
I'll burn garlic around here and then
right now at this very moment I'm gonna
add some flour now this is going to be
the rule part of it this is a 1/2 cup of
flour this is gonna give it the
thickness for the creaminess of that
papad everyone okay so I'm gonna
sprinkle the flour around in here just
like that there okay then I'm gonna stir
this around and what I'm doing now is
just cook this out until the flour taste
goes out maybe about three minutes
because we don't want to taste like
flour okay now I'm going to show you
guys if you stick around what Matt's
King chef j-rock got up to sleep next
[Music]
all right camera guys so check me out
man right here I got my vegetables right
sauteed with the flour now everybody I'm
gonna add some chicken stock now I told
you guys you can go to your local
supermarket and get chicken broth but
you know I like to be fancy sometime so
you know I get the organic but you don't
have to you can use anything stop you
want now is break up the flour so it
could be nice and smooth because you
want a nice smooth texture when you do
this all right so you stir it up a
little bit at a time
okay and it's breaking up really good
I'm gonna add a little bit more chicken
stock and this is a 32 ounces of chicken
stock
but I'm not gonna use the whole thing I
use about half of it okay and right now
I'm gonna add the heavy cream
once I add the heavy cream this is a cup
I'm gonna bring this up to a boil and
what happens is once I bring this up to
a boil unless it gets to this fourth
it's okay if you don't it will never get
as thick as you want it so you gotta
bring it up to a boil and then let it
simmer down baby you gotta let it simmer
down so I'm gonna let this boil or
simmer down and then we want to show you
guys next step all right so we have it
simmer check it out right this isn't the
nice and nice and thick guys you're
making a pot pie remember we gotta have
some more ingredients in that okay now
right now we're going to add my go ahead
and add my corn all right I'm gonna add
my frozen peas I don't know where you
guys are from but where I'm from
papajohns.com without pointing peas but
that's totally up to you guys and then
I'm going to hit it with a little bit
more salt because you didn't really
season the UH mix too much so I'm here
with a little bit of salt okay and then
some pepper again all right man that's
sounding so good
good it's looking good and then I add a
little bit more jerk spice now guys
here's the kicker right I'm gonna ask
some dry oregano about 1/4 teaspoon I'm
gonna add some dry thyme by the quarter
teaspoon you know why because we are
always building flavors say with you
we are always building flavors got a red
shirt say with you
we are always building flavors you got a
guy in the red shirt a good job and
they're gonna add some tarragon in here
okay add a little bit of tarragon here
now I'm gonna stir this up oh man
nothing this look good oh man
Wow nice and thick and creamy you see
the carrots in there look at all those
colors the carrots the peas the corn
this is gonna be so good so what I'm
gonna do now let's put this on low okay
and remember that chicken that jerk
chicken with marinade jerk surprised
with the salt pepper then we grilled and
it was smelling so good cuz we all got
smellivision remember that chicken we're
gonna dice that chicken up add it to
this and I'm going to show you guys
exactly what we're gonna do next okay do
not I repeat do not go anywhere
so the filling for the pot pie is done
all right I let that chicken rest like I
told you guys exactly one all that work
you and I did to be wasted by cutting to
it all the juices come out so now take
the chicken purse right here and all
we're gonna do it's like dice it up okay
look at that look at that perfectly
grilled chicken breast y'all see that we
ain't playing no games here on my skin
chef D rice you know what I'm saying
flavor building knocking your socks off
flavor over flavor we ain't playing no
games
all right so going down and cut these
into pieces and then I'm gonna dice them
up hey man this looks so good perfectly
grilled chicken all right and then I'm
just gonna go and I want nice size
pieces of chicken breast okay I want a
nice-sized piece because I want to taste
have a bite of chicken and everybody
again go down each perfectly moist you
see how juicy that let's look at it guys
man that's how you grill some chicken I
would never steal you're wrong you know
why cuz you are now inside the home of
flavortown baby and that's what
flavortown is all about right we do
things the right way okay so I cook this
chicken up into pieces and then I'm
going to add this chicken to our mixture
over there and then guys you know what
we're gonna do for a topping I know
y'all like to use cross or puff pastry
but no mastication
on the top tea stain with some flaky
biscuits alright so stick around I
should exactly what we got going up
flavortown baby lately in your mouth
yeah so listen we diced up their cheek
thank you guys for your help thank you
guy in the red shirt you're really good
really good guy man I appreciate now
y'all know me by now right
you know I like my hot sauce right so
I'm gonna add a little bit of hot sauce
to my mix okay now this is optional it's
totally up to you guys but really I'm
trying to blow your mind so you do it
like I do it but you can do it how you
wanna do it either way it goes it's
gonna be good so I add a little bit of
hot sauce and y'all see how nice and
thick that is look at that man
that looks good y'all see that stink
y'all know that mean and mean we are
really cooking okay so I'm gonna take
that chicken that we diced up a chicken
to that oh man oh man look at this nice
and chunky
awesome beautiful pot pot mix alright so
in the way I'm gonna do now is take the
pot pot mix and add it to this pan right
here and we're gonna bake this in the
oven but and then you know are we gonna
do this so look I just pour that in
there like that
uh-huh and we go with this here we go
with that smell-o-vision again
I know y'all smell it it's smelling so
good actually man I got a story about
chicken pot pie man they used to sell
these that story because I didn't always
grew up with fine things in life these
used to be like a dollar a piece at the
grocery store and it was like a go-to
meal for me man so I really really
and love chicken pot pies so I wanted to
share with you guys on one of the foods
that I grew up eating and I want to take
it to another level
all right so that's what we got here got
chicken pot pie and then I'm gonna take
some biscuits right just some store some
store-bought biscuits right and they're
gonna put them on top of here and this
is gonna act as the crust to my potpie
okay I'm gonna put this in here alright
just like that and then I'm going to hit
it with some melted butter I'm gonna
bake this in the oven 400 degrees for
about 30 minutes and then we're gonna
ready to eat baby to flavortown all
right so now all I'm gonna do is add
some melted butter I'm just gonna brush
the top this is gonna give it more
flavor but it's also gonna give it a
nice shine when it comes out of the oven
okay
real simple man this is gonna be so good
I'm excited about it now all we got to
do is sit back and wait now this is a
great dish that you guys can make ahead
of time and the right people come over
all right it's really easy to do and it
lasts for a couple days so it's really
easy make this a couple of days ahead of
time and fight it over I'm gonna put
this in the oven flavortown baby hey
camera guy it's about that time again
man you know what time it is take a look
in the oven camera guy check that out
look how is just bubbling citizen
man that thing looks so good alright I'm
gonna start talking to the people that
signed it to the 40 down and subscribe
alright alright alright everybody so
I'll pop is this about really come out
of the oven and here we go
look how beautiful that looks man are
you serious are you for real alright so
what I'm gonna do is just set that bad
baby down right yeah
hey career though you guys are awesome
so I'm gonna try to go check out my
awesome website right what we gonna put
it we're gonna put it up here this time
it's W kind of upside down it says tell
me they'll be W camera guy look like
anyway
www dot master Kenny Chevron calm that's
what it says I'm just reading it upside
down I'm gonna flip it back and I'm
gonna drop it right here
www Master King she'll tear out that
cone that's better for memory also guys
I like you guys to like I like you guys
to share and I would really like you
guys to subscribe to my awesome website
all right
like share and subscribe these videos as
well and also do not forget to hit that
notification button that way when I
shoot a video when I go live you guys
not ain't not you this time it's all
about a guy in a red shirt big you ya
gotta make sure you'll be the first one
to know when I'm liable with a video
upload like let's video that look like a
1:00 in the morning how are you guys
watched it so I really appreciate that
alright so let's get into this pot pie
okay so I use biscuits right and then I
did jerk real chicken y'all remember
that season
the chicken jerked in the marinade the
chicken by itself was like so good and
then you and I me and you we we made
this awesome pot pie filling
okay so let's get in here and taste this
thing you know me I'm on my own biscuit
all right so you take that out like that
look how nice and smoky and creamy that
is man listen we are really cooking okay
no gimme you guys saw it all all right
so I'm gonna put that right there
just for me and I like I like extra
sauce I'm gonna put a little sauce like
that just like that
I mean all right yeah so now it's time
for the moment you see what chef working
with you know what I'm saying
so he has a matter of fact you know what
I'm gonna do I'm invite the guy in the
red shirt to come over and take this
from me because of course you guys gonna
no I'm saying it's pretty good so I
would like you guys to give it up one
time for the guy
think of this and then tell me what you
think sir this is my pardon my manners
[Music]
Wow you guys heard it from the guy in
the red shirt that is pretty good so
imma go ahead and give him taste will
you don't mind you gonna get rich man oh
happy to share Wow
first of all that is like flavor look is
running guy he's just gonna go eat his
Papa let's talk about all these flavors
alright the chicken the chicken by
itself jerk spice jerk marinade salt
pepper they grilled and caramelized with
that marinade it is so good and then we
talk about those flavors with those
carrots and those peas I mean the
carrots pop in your mouth cuz they're
nice fresh tender the carrots are nice
and firm the peas are just popping that
chicken broth oh and that that gravy and
that mixture of the Popeye mix oh man it
is to die for
you get the Church of salt and pepper
the garlic you get the hint of the herbs
and then I hit it with that hot sauce
but the kicker is those biscuits man and
those biscuits top it to a whole nother
stratosphere yeah I went up and saw with
me so that is really good and like you
already know that right there is five
like this that is straight [ __ ] hey I'm
box an out remember guys what guy in the
red shirt it is gone there's no editing
here it's done finito
nice job man thank you so much
hey guys always keep God first in your
life
and everything will fall into place
thank you guys for watching
god bless
[Music]
hey I wanted to but alright and then I'm
gonna add some olive oil in there the
butter in olive would give us a lot of
flavor not just playing on olive oh okay
yeah I take some carrots
I'm just saying hard enough