[Music]
shopkeeper hello respect and welcome to
cooking with students I'm Levi Roots the
Dragon Slayer and today I'll be doing my
fabulicious jerk chicken and rice and PE
respect in the food
[Music]
for all right guys rice and peas and
jerk chicken perhaps one of my favorite
Caribbean meals of all time and this is
what I'm going to do for you right now
but first we got a de
bling all spice if it's not in jerk then
officially you can't call it jerk it's a
good thing we've got some here we have
the chicken legs and thigh are easier to
cook and I'm usually quite hungry and I
don't want to be waiting around for too
long easiest part to cook Le and thigh
so we've got the chicken so first thing
I'm going to do is add a little bit of
black pepper on there just to season it
off a little bit
and of course when you're seasoning your
chicken you can put any kind of
seasoning you want I'm going to be using
a little bit of black pepper there you
go and then then the all spice okay
let's get it on there got to have some
Style with it as well you know what I'm
saying all right that's the all spice on
it got to get your fingers dirty come on
let's do it and you gra it all in a
little bit of salt
maybe now we going to fry up so come on
come on baby what we're going to do now
we're just going to lock off this lovely
Old Spice that we've got all right guys
we've got the chicken Browning nicely
after you've added your Old Spice and
it's locking and all that lovely flavors
now for the rice and peas what are we
going to use for the rice and peas well
we've got some lovely fresh thyme we've
got some lovely spring onions and here
we've got some basmati rice we're going
to be using a little bit of garlic and
of course we've got our kidney beans now
the thing about Caribbean saying rice
and peas we really it's beans so it's a
bit of mixup going on here but I think
it sounds better as rice and peas than
rice and beans don't you respect now
we've got that going on we've got some
coconut milk here which we're going to
be using for lovely rice and peas and of
course we've got some of these baby Lord
of Mercy Scotch Bonny pepper I should be
using these with the glove on they are
so lethal we're going to be putting them
me who's got a question for me so can we
pop this in on a student budget on a
student but this is like really easy and
the cheapest way of doing rice and peas
ever there's nothing expensive I think
the most expensive thing that you
probably buy here is a can of kidney
beans um the rice is pretty much cheap
and everything else is just really
vegetables that you can pick up just
locally or you may have already have in
your in your cupboards so really easy
student buzz it no problem whatsoever
now the chicken is nice and brown and
lovely packed in with all those lovely
flavors and now
ta here it is baby Lord of Mercy this is
it this is going to do absolutely
everything that you need to this chick
in here so we're going to bust it open
as we do and again you got to pour on
the Reger Reger sauce with style yes so
it's
like yeah baby uh yeah yeah yeah yeah
and you can do it like that or you can
do all the damn thing like
that as I do get it on there every
corner should be Co give it a nice Shake
getting in there and once you done that
this is going to go in the oven for
about 4 minutes and then it should be
ready what I'm going to do is just add
the liquid off the kidney beans so I'm
going to put that in the pot next we're
going to add coconut milk it's about A4
of a tin of coconut milk next we're
going to do a little bit of chopping and
a bit of thyme and a bit of spring onion
next I'm going to add is a little bit
ofar garlic this is about a close so
let's get some flavors in our rice and
peas and of course we're going to be
putting one of these little bit of pin
of salt in our liquid now we going to
get it on the fire get a little bit of
heat on there and it's going to be
really flavor some we're going to add
the peas It's all looking lovely and
red let's let's get that in
there so I've got about 300 G here so
just to kind of get a nice feel and make
sure that there's nothing unwanted in
there and now we're going to be washing
this off usually until it's clear so I
would wash it about three times um and
then the water run C gets rid of all the
starch and all the fatty stuff so let's
go has becoming a celebrity change your
life oo as becoming a celebrity changed
my life is that a trick question what I
was always used to fame cuz I've been on
the stage with my reg music ever since I
was 16 so sort of that Fame thing and
standing in front of a crowd was not a
sort of strange things to me but having
it mainstream was strange because it was
always sort of reg fans that s of knew
about me and knew my music the flavor
from what you've put in there the Scotch
bonnet the scallion the thyme the garlic
and everything that's in there is
actually going to flavor this lovely
rice
so when you stir if you can see the peas
without any problem then you know that
the liquid is just right and I can see
that now I'm stirring and I can see
everything it's not too deep and it's
not too much that is the consistency you
need look at that it's near the top now
for the
fire you need to crank it up right up to
the
top you go lid on once it starts to boil
then you need to turn it right down to
the minimum as possible so that Rice
absorb all that lovely liquid once you
done that yeah and you start singing
baby it's so nice I had to name it twice
I call it reg reg sauce hot hot reg reg
sauce so nice with your Fried Chicken
make Burger finger licking on your rice
and peas or fish put some reg reg sauce
on your
dish
yeah well guys here we are 20 minutes
after so come on then let's have a look
let's remove this bad boy before we do
it anything there and just to prove to
you that it's cooked on the inside there
is no indentation anywhere and it's now
a flat scch my pepper useless no heat at
all so now is the time that I can
actually do
this look at that isn't that fabulicious
isn't that
wonderful so okay let's plate up this
lovely rice I'm really proud of this
rice here really proud cuz come back
with the elongated grains if you can
look the grains are really long and
looking absolutely delicious it's rice
and peas
baby yeah there you
go P it up nice and sticky have a look
at that stickiness and that's the sauce
that did
that you know what I Never Eat Alone and
my recommendation to you when you've
cooked this fabulicious meal just invite
a few people around and I think I have a
few around here right right now guys do
you want some yeah come on in come on
man let's
seeing mean
[Music]