1 two graev up your
engines it's time for your mechanic car
tips today I'm going to help you figure
out what's leaking on your
car now if you have a blue or a light
green fluid leaking that's usually your
squirter fluid for your windshield
wipers and if it's leaking by the fluid
reservoir usually that's cracked or the
pump inside is leaking so you check that
now if your car is leaving a clear pool
check it with your fingers see if it's
just water because if it's clear and not
slimy that's usually just water from
your condensation inside the evaporator
when you run the AC it'll always drip
cuz it's taking humidity out of the air
and dumping water under your car that's
normal but realize that brake fluid is
clear too but it's very different it's
very slimy and it has a very costic odor
so if you find clear slimy liquid that
generally means that your brake system
is leaking so then go to your brake
master cylinder and open it up and check
to see if you're losing fluid it's easy
to check and if you are leaking brake
fluid you want to get that fixed right
away that can be dangerous and realize
that brake fluid gets darker as it gets
dirty so if you have dirty brake fluid
it can leak and be kind of dark but
it'll still be the same Slim feel and
the same smell you could have a can of
brake fluid and you can compare smells
and the dirty stuff smells the same as
the clean stuff now motor oil is kind of
like brake fluid when it's brand new
it's pretty clear but as it gets dirty
in an engine it can get brown or even
black and that's why we mechanics use
ultraviolet leak Dy because engine oil
can be dark power steering oil can be
dark even transmission fluid can get
dark when it gets really dirty so you
put a D in you can find exactly what
system is
leaking there's no guesswork to finding
leaks when you use this alter vent leak
D so be sure to have your mechanic use
this if it's a leak that's hard to
figure out now if you have leaking
coolant you got to know what kind of
coolant you have in your car because
Unfortunately they come in all different
colors these days there's green orange
yellow and in this
case Toyota
pink but they all one thing in common
when you smell them they got a really
sticky sweet smell which is pretty easy
to test if you get your own coolant that
goes in your car smell a little of it
you'll be able to tell if you have a
coolant leak just by smelling whatever
is leaking under the car now if you see
light brown oil leaking that's generally
either newer motor oil or gearbox oil
and it's pretty easy to tell those
apart because gearbox oil oh has this
really rancid odor anybody can tell you
that that goes in standard transmissions
and in many different differentials now
if you see pink or red fluid
leaking that's often transmission fluid
or power steering leaking it used to be
really easy to check your automatic
transmission fluid but heck this car is
13 years old and it doesn't have an
automatic transmission dip stick a lot
of cars don't anymore so in this case we
go to the power steering pump reservoir
we'd hope that that's what's leaking and
not the transmission cuz if your
transmission's leaking you want to get
that fixed right away they cost a
fortune if you burn them
out and last but not least if you see
orange fluid leaking if you have a GM
car it can be the orange Deck cool but
realize that any antifreeze can get
rusty and turn kind of orangey colored
as can leaking air conditioners that
drip water that gets Rusty and then a
little orangey stuff comes out so that
again you'd have to check it out if it
was coolant it would be slimy and it
would have that Sicky sweet smell so now
you know how to analyze the colors of
fluids leaking in your in heck even if
you're not fixing it yourself your
mechanic is really going to like it that
you can tell him okay here's what I
think's leaking on my car and he can
find the problem fix it quicker and
you'll be able to tell if it's just
normal water leaking out of your air
conditioning because it's humid outside
or whether it's brake fluid that you
need to fix right away before you get in
a
wreck and remember if you want your car
repaired at your home or office check
out your mechanic.com