okay so we have our four pack here
filled with our GPC starting mix and
today is January the 28th and we are
going to be planting our Greek oregano
seeds now this is a perennial and zones
four to nine and you can harvest it in
about 80 to 90 days so direct seeding
this out into your garden is definitely
definitely sorry about that
not recommended so I will show you what
oregano seats look like they're very
small and they need light to germinate
so we're not going to be covering these
at all so that's what oregano seeds look
like they're actually smaller than
Coley's seeds and what we're gonna be
doing is we're just gonna be putting the
seeds on top of the soil sometimes it
gets unstuck off my finger here and I
will divide these then I'm just kind of
putting some in I'm not really counting
how many I'm putting in so I'm just like
sprinkling them over the top of the soil
there
and these take about seven to fourteen
days to germinate and I did pre show my
seeds I keep my seeds in the
refrigerator and it's the block bag I
take them out when I need them and I
plant what I need and then I put them
the rest back in the refrigerator
and you can kind of plant these in
groups if you want a fuller plant and
when I bought these seeds I believe the
germination rate was like eighty percent
so which I didn't know that when I
bought them I found that out after I
received them in the mail so I'm just
kind of sprinkling some on top some
extras to make sure that we get some of
what we need
[Music]
okay so we have our seed sown and what
I'm actually gonna do is I'm going to
just miss the top of them with water
because that's gonna settle our seeds in
force and then I'm gonna label it and
Greek oregano I really like this one it
has a really strong flavor to it now if
you grow it and like your soil is too
fertile or if it gets too much water it
will actually wash the flavor away so
you want to make sure that you don't
over water your herbs and they like
well-drained soil so I will put this
under our lights and I will come back
and show you okay so I put because these
need like to germinate I put these on
the edge of one of the grow boxes and
the fluorescent light it's on for 14
hours a day I use the sunshine or day
length bulbs that's gonna give these the
light that they need to germinate so I
put a lid on top of them it's not a
tight-fitting lid but it'll let enough
light through for them to germinate for
us so when they start germinating I will
come back with another video and I will
show you is what they look like so if
you like my video please like comment
subscribe if you have any questions you
can leave them below and I will try and
answer them for you
please don't forget to hit that little
notification button that'll tell you
when I put a new video on thank you for
watching and I hope you have a nice day
bye