hey youtube I don't have much time but I
thought I just make this quick video for
those of you who have spilled wood glue
or really works on superglue but
definitely wood glue I had to try it
immediately so what I did first was I
got some water just a little mason jar a
cup of water pour it on the patch or
area where wood glue is then after you
have done that you should thank you um
just um just kind of get it in there
so scrub on it with your just your hands
then after you do that um get some head
and shoulders body wash I did this then
you put it on there in place then you
scrub it and that that's not all this is
if it's already dried just to let you
know if not water and Henschel should
work if it's not dried yet but if it is
dried the wood glue on the don't dry
just the finish or then you're gonna
need a um rubbing alcohol and shout I
think it is think it's shout stain
remover and then um squirt some SH out
on it oh yeah and you're gonna need one
of those little scrubby brushes that
look kind of like an iron
and a toothbrush um depends I'd use the
little scrubby brush thing that looks
like the iron just cuz it's bigger so
you can cover more ground and spray the
shout on first then foot rubbing alcohol
over it and then scrub it and scrub it
and scrub it and then you can run your
nails over it and then scrape all the
blue stuff off and if that doesn't work
just it'll use some more scrubbing and
soaking time in the shout and rubbing
alcohol and then just scrub it again
after you've let it soak and I let it
soak for about three and a half minutes
I think it was um yeah it works and if
you need comment in the box below and I
will try and get back to you