see what I believe in is that raw beauty
that beauty by nature that skin deep a
lot of people forget and neglect that
but we're gonna talk about that today
let's talk about beauty secret and that
includes ice that's the topic for today
this is Christian experience so please
follow me on snapchat is Chris Bosh and
Instagram Krish Tana so let's get right
into it now we're going to talk about
ice facials and ice facials is all about
ice now the benefits that it has is a
makeup you can use as a makeup primer
prevent wrinkles redness makeup remover
minimize pores sunburn up the eyes
acting and it's just an overall
beautiful glowing skin now once I being
said I definitely recommend this because
I do actually do this currently and my
routine so I will do a video on how to
so you guys please stay with me now the
other things in good benefits that you
can use if you don't want to just use
ice alone you can do a rose ice facial
treatment and then you just put you know
you put some water put a rose in there
freeze it now the second thing you do is
green tea and the other one is apple
vinegar apple cider vinegar you can also
use that as of eyes eyes facial as a
toner now there are some beautiful
things that you can do that is already
in the house that you can use for your
face and this is a beauty secret that a
lot of people don't know about and I
just definitely want to share that with
you guys so thanks for watching for more
beauty tips please come back to see more