[Music]
leaks are wonderful they're in the onion
family I just love them they're sort of
milder but they're really delicious just
cut off right where the roots are
attached to the leak the part we're
going to use is the white part down here
because the green part's pretty
tough so what I like to do is to
actually cut it up first and then wash
it and that's what I recommend that you
do unless you're serving the leaks whole
so I just cut it in quarters like that
and now I'm going to cut it in
chunks okay I'm going to take these back
and wash them and get rid of any sand
that might be in
there so what I do is I fill up a bowl
with water and then I put the leaks in
and the idea being is that if there's
any sand in there it goes to the bottom
and the leaks go to the top so we
separate the two and then what I do
instead of dumping the whole thing out
which would put the sand right on top of
the leaks is I just lift them right out
and put them into a
colander this is how you wash lettuce
this is how you wash spinach they're
clean we're good to go