right so taking all the tops off I've
taken all the bottoms or distractive
itself I'm just kidding on a good wash
give them a good scrub and then I'll try
and slice them right so I just gone
sliced up fairly evenly and in the pot
and just Doon this is only three so I'm
just going to do a cut on my spoon
remember I'm just after the sugar water
this see what we get so just going to
put this up to the boil just tick it off
any nasties and hopefully we'll get some
sugar water out of it taste sweet is it
is I had a nibble on a broad piece of
sugar beet and tasted sugary taste is
quite sweet guess let's carry on let's
see just coming up to the boil I'm just
gonna lay boil away for 15 minutes turn
it up now
and hopefully that will help all the
sugars come out
I'm not going to pulp it down or and
think it's going to let it boil and do
its thing hopefully so I left it boiling
for a bit and I just strained it through
a bit of kitchen towel let me see there
doesn't seem to be any impurities got
through to that and then using potato
masher mashed up the the rest into a
mush I'm just going to
add a little bit to that and put it back
on the boy
watch this isn't so much of an art and
took this in just literally here's the
alarm
is more difficult than lips I'm spending
most of it it's work bet the first time
elastic band up
as you see the color isn't that far off
the the first go so I think we've got
all we're going to get out of that now
it's time to let it cool down and
hopefully we can add it to our wine