so a lot of you guys have been asking me
how I store my PE beads I thought I
would finally make that video today and
I'll be sharing with you a bunch of
stuff
like other PE bead projects I have and
my travel kit first off this is the
container that I use it's basically just
drawers the colors that I use most often
like red and blues black white gray
Browns I have in the biggest containers
because I go through them faster I got
this container at The Container Store it
was like 30 bucks which is kind of
expensive for plastic but it works
really well so I don't complain let's
see what else do I have um these are the
clamps that I use for my 3D projects I
got these from the hobby store actually
my dad got them for me cuz he's a
sweetie I just use them to clamp the
layers together while the glue dries and
they're nice cuz they're color ful and
they're fun
and these are my peg boards I just
recently gave a few of these away to
some friends so I will be buying more
tweezers I use these these are my ones
the ones I use for my mini purler beads
or Hama Beads sorry I find they work
really well because they're so fine
tipped and the beads are so smooth these
I found just online because my original
green ones broke which was a very sad
day but I actually got more green
ones presents Christmas presents cuz I'm
behind I found these online these are
the original Green tweezers that I used
to have that I found again which made me
happy so here is some more pear beads I
don't have enough room in this case here
to hold all the beads that I have so I
have extra drawers full presents get out
get out get out okay I have ex this is a
this is quite a video these are my extra
beads also I mean these are this is
another drawer full of extra beads this
is where I keep my iron the glue for my
3D projects which is CA glue in case
anyone was wondering I got it from Tam's
Hobbies here's some extra different
shapes of pegboards that I use on
occasion I tried using this stuff this
foam tape foam tape to put my projects
up on the wall but I found that it
doesn't stick for very long and my
projects would come C crashing down in
the middle of the night and it would
scare me to death so I don't recommend
it that's that for that drawer a
question a lot of you guys ask me is uh
where I get my peer beads from and I get
it from eksuccess
brands.com oh hey this is a coupon that
I found let's see where's the is this
still good the previous side oh shoot
where is it oh there it is I'm good
93015 okay well well that's expired but
that could have gotten me something for
30% off anyway I order from eksuccess
brands.com that's where I get all of my
pler beads from and this isn't like a I
don't know what is it called those
videos that you gain money from Ek
success brins isn't paying me for this
that's what I was trying to say I that's
just where I get my beads from if you
want to get them from there too that's
cool I usually order in like bulk so
I'll get $60 worth of stuff and then
I'll use a coupon that I find online and
it ends up being like 40 something for a
bunch of beads a bunch I found this 6000
black beads at Joan Fabrics so I order
just a bunch of the colors I use most
often and that's what I have backups of
like of course I have a ton of black a
ton of white a ton of red blue I use
cran Apple a lot as shading for red I
use red a lot because my favorite
superhero is pad man and so I thought
I'd show you some projects I have oh
please Focus to be honest I've gotten
rid of almost all of my stuff because I
make them for my friends and then I give
them away so a lot of my projects aren't
here and these I use as coasters some
more Mario stuff these little Sprites
which were fun to make this was one of
my first ones that I
made G from Invader zims some Pokemon um
this little penguin was when I made a
while ago it's kind of lame this is the
oh my gosh sorry my dryer is making
noises these are some extra
pieces for that Zelda Treasure Chest
that you guys like um speaking of which
I passed 4,000 subscribers and so I want
to give this away oh man this is the
video this is the treasure chest oh gosh
okay this is the treasure chest that I
made in that video the first one that I
made and I want to give it away to one
of you guys because I mean I can make
more of them and you guys are so nice to
me so I really wanted to do something
for you and I was like what can I do I
guess I'll give him my first 3D peer
bead project which by the way this was
one of my first well actually no I made
a Mario coin box for my brother that was
3D but this is my first Like official
cool 3D project so I'm going to give it
away to one of you guys so if you've
made it this far in the video good job I
hope somebody watched it um if you say
something in the comments
like why you like to peer bead or how
you got into it and you're subscribed to
my channel I'll pick one of you guys and
I'll contact you and I'll give it to you
because I don't need it I mean because I
want to give it to you anyway um this is
a this is the mini Treasure Chest that I
made it's got the little heart inside
little heart piece that I made with mini
Hama Beads it's a pretty cool little
thing that I made I like it this is
probably like one of my favorites next
to the Companion Cube but I made this
Taris I'm just super proud of how it
turned out oh there's some projects in
there that I we don't speak of those I
just think it's really cool how it
turned out and the thread I thought was
really neat touch and then I think my
ultimate favorite is probably
this Companion Cube because it took the
most time and I think it looks really
cool and it can open up at the top which
I'm not going to do because there's
nothing special inside it but it can
open which is neat okay this is what I
take with me when I go to friends houses
or to cons or to anything and I want to
bring my beads with me I just carry it
in this little travel thing bring a lot
of black with me and a lot of white and
just some of the main colors that I use
most often and I'll bring some paper and
my iron and the tweezers and that's how
I bring stuff so I always just keep this
in my room somewhere so it's ready to go
if I ever want to take beads with me and
I've actually used this quite a few
times so it's kind of nice to have this
if you like to bring stuff with you on
the go what else do I have to say not
much uh oh here there's Mario and Luigi
got some of my favorites on the wall
here are some of my 3D projects and then
Yoshi and this was made for for me well
I mean I made it but the design I
learned from cutie crafts which um cutie
crafts made a video for me when I
reached 1 th000 subscribers which was so
sweet so thank you C crafts ow I just St
Min some projects here um this is the
Spider-Man that I made inspired by Kyle
McCoy and speaking of which he just made
me this Sweeney Todd and Mrs love it and
this link which is so cool and I have it
hung in my room and he's awesome I don't
want this video to be too long so I
think that I am done talking to you guys
now I hope that this video was
informative I'll be making some new
projects soon I've got school starting
up again so that's fun
anyway if you guys have any more
questions please ask me in the comments
and I'll try to answer them I guess
that's it for now see you guys next time