do you know what you're looking
at I'll bet you dude this is the garbage
disposal and I'm going to show you a
couple things you can do if your garbage
disposal gets stuck um let's say You'
got your switch on and nothing's
happening uh your breaker has not
tripped in your electrical panel or your
sub panel in your house so I'm going to
show you a few things on what to do
what we want to do is make sure that the
garbage disposal is unplugged because we
don't want it to accidentally turn on or
something like that so make sure you
reach up underneath there and unplug
your garbage disposal first thing we're
going to do is unplug it make sure you
follow the right cord up and make sure
you unplug your garbage disposal okay
underneath your garbage disposal there's
a little red button or a black button
whatever usually it's red um that's your
reset button make sure you push that
reset button make sure it clicks in and
resets underneath your garbage disposal
there's going to be a hole in the middle
for where you can put an allen wrench
and um if you have a set of Allen
wrenches you can use that usually uh you
can find a size that'll fit that you're
going to put that up in the hole and uh
if you don't have an allen wrench set
look underneath your sink and usually
you'll have something like this this is
used for the garbage disposal it's got a
it's got a an area you know that you can
use kind of like an allen wrench and you
just want to put that up into the middle
make sure you kind of fit it in there if
it's an old it could be rusty a little
bit push it up in there and what you're
going to do is use that as a crank and
if you got a bone or a diamond ring heav
forbid or anything uh like that in your
garbage
disposal um a knife uh whatever just
take this back and forth Just gently and
move it a little bit little bit at a
time a little more and a little more
pretty soon you should be able to make
it freely like like I said if you don't
have that you can use your allen wrench
set put that up there use this as a
crank this has to move
freely okay so that's your next
step once you have that moving freely
and you got your test button reset go
ahead and plug your garbage spole back
in once you have the garbage disposal
plug back in check and see if the reset
buttons reset if it didn't reset that
probably tells you there's something the
matter with your actual electrical maybe
you have a short in the uh the junction
box here or something like that don't
force that make sure you can push that
button up there okay if you can't you
may have to call an
electrician now we're ready to go up and
try the
switch now when you plug the garbage
disposal in if it if it turns on
obviously that means you got your your
uh your garbage disposal switch on so so
make sure you turn that off and uh we're
going to run some water through it and
stuff like that but uh uh when you plug
it in um if it starts don't be scared or
anything but you may not know which way
to turn your switch on and off if
there's a definite off on your switch go
ahead and turn it off if you have a
paddle switch you may not remember which
way is which so uh just keep that in
mind I'm just going to check everything
out here make sure everything looks okay
and um we've got everything plugged in
we've got the reset button done we've
made sure that our garbage disposal is
moving freely we're going to go up there
and turn the switch onto it uh and then
run some water through your garbage
disposal and run your your uh garbage
disposal a couple times and that should
do the
trick this was a little goodie we used
um to clear out the uh garbage disposal
you know to use the wrench there now if
you don't have one of these like I say
you can use a um an allen wrench set but
it's nice to get one of these you can
buy these at the hardware store and then
just leave it underneath your sink so
next time you have a problem it's always
there you can push it up into the corner
you can tape it up on the wall or
whatever but it's always nice to have
one of these left underneath the sink
for your garbage disposal