hey YouTube Welcome to Viking
preparedness I am pastor Joe Fox hey I
was working with a tar you know Roofing
tar Foundation tar that black nasty
stuff that you put on to keep the water
out and I got some on me and so the
first thing I Tred to see here's some
we're going to do an experiment here for
you first thing I tried was a Gojo and
Gojo is a
nogo it did nothing this is made for
like car mechanics and stuff this did
nothing the next thing I did is I took a
towel that was already nasty and it was
starting to rip because it was bleach
too much and you take a little bit
of lamp
oil just put that much on your rag watch
this watch this part right
here
taada so this was pleasing to me because
uh our water's at a premium here at
chofar Mountain we pump it all carry it
all and I don't have heaps of water to
just stay under a shower and soap wasn't
getting this anyway and so hey lamp oil
kerosene also works uh something like
that tip for you I'll see you out there