and action okay so we are gonna make
Copas we're gonna make two types of
Coco's your basic Coppa which is just
gonna be salt and pepper and then we're
gonna make a spicy one which we're gonna
put some chili powder some garlic powder
and all that so when I go out for the
the first one is just it's a regular
pork loin roast you want it with the fat
still as much fat on it as possible
because the fat is flavor so I went to
the root of the the I went to the
grocery store these were two for one so
I got two of them now the first thing
we're gonna do is we're gonna cut open
our packages here and make sure that the
meat is trimmed of anything that's what
is sticking out on the sides or anything
like that because any holes in it or
whatnot is where bacteria could grow so
the first thing we do is take our
cutting board and a knife cut open these
packages now this one came with net
because they were going to make this to
a roast
you will need netting later but at this
stage in the game we probably don't need
the netting so it's gonna come off I got
some extra nets for up to from my
butcher so that I can put them on when
it comes to hanging this so if I
look at this the roast is pretty trim
there's a nice fat cap you can kind of
see in here on it a nice fat that goes
on the top so this one here is trimmed
there's nothing that I really need to do
with it so first thing you need to do
most important thing is you have to wait
the reason that you have to weigh it is
because it's going to you're gonna
figure out how much salt you have to put
on how much of the other stuff you have
to put on and wing it through the whole
process is important to understanding
the drawing so these they told me we're
one roughly one kilogram this one here
is eleven hundred and ninety three
kilograms it's important to be exact
because we need to have ingredients that
are in relation to the weight so for the
basic one we're going to you need three
things okay and these are the three
things which is simple you've got your
kosher salt you can also use sea salt
the sea salt that I have is on the
coarser side and I'm not sure
that's gonna work well for this yet so
for my first one I'm gonna use this
which is more of a medium groin
you're gonna need this here which is
curing salt or prog powder number two so
this here is what's going to make the
meat keep a nice flavor and it's gonna
make it keep that hopefully that pink
color inside that will way slice into it
and it's gonna make it it's part of a
curing process and then you're going to
use some black pepper for taste so the
percentage is you need three percent of
your grams in kosher salt so eleven
hundred and ninety three with the power
of a calculator on like my phone we take
eleven ninety three and we figure out
what three percent of that is so times
point zero three so we'll need thirty
five point seven nine grams of salt so
you know what would be good if we wrote
that down so hit pause and then we're
gonna Pat and paper and I'm gonna come
right back welcome back after our
commercial break so with the power of
editing I did my math so worried for
this cope alone here we're gonna need
thirty six grams of the kosher salt we
need three grams of the frog powder and
we're going to need six grams of the
black pepper so take this off here and
we're just gonna put this when we're
going to do our mixing in this tray here
we're gonna give everything on it and
we're use this here to measure our salt
so I'm gonna get a spoon here I try and
do everything messy in my second kitchen
that way my wife doesn't get out of me
so you can take a little tour so we're
gonna look for thirty six grams of love
site here today yes okay thirty-six
friends
mmm that's 29 so far let's shake this a
little pot so that is 3 to know if I
could save it I'm gonna try and save it
no Houston let's all go to waste so
that's uh 39 38 36 perfect if you could
see this thing you'd be very impressed
okay
thirty-six friends okay so thirty six
grams we're just gonna take this and
throw it all over and then we're gonna
rub it in afterward here then this year
we need to be very careful
cause for a few reasons this is sort of
poisonous well what I mean by that is is
that if you were to use this like
regular salt you would kill yourself
it's got nitrites in it which is all
about curing the meat but will be all
about killing you if you decide to
season your french fries with it so
that's why they make it pink or that's
why red they make it pink but then they
have this Himalayan pink sea salt so it
can be confusing and if you're stupid
you're probably gonna die so just be
careful so we need three grams
well
here we set this little bastard - eat
zero
we may not be first of all gonna edit
this so you're never gonna see all these
mistakes this is the first time I use
this scale I thought it would be a
little more sensitive but I guess it's
not so now it is at zero no it's not at
zero now does it zero
that is 4 grams a little bit on that is
3 grams okay that is 3 grams of the frog
powder okay so we're gonna spread this
on it and again we're gonna have to mix
it all up so that it gets all good and
mix it all up and then we need some
black pepper this is not as important to
get an exact it's just a matter really
of how peppery like things I'm gonna say
that this is probably six friends oh my
god
first try six grams of pepper I am like
a measuring genius I mean like 5000
tries to get the fart powder but never
you mind that will be edited in post
here we're gonna move this up here we're
gonna throw this on top spread this on
top of our meat okay this is the basic
one so this is like you know just gonna
be as neutral it's mostly highlighting
the flavor of the meat so which wonders
you want to really rub it in here you
want to get it into all the the crevices
crevices and joints or whatever you want
to cover the whole thing with the salt
it's very very important okay this is
how you prepare it so that is I guess
it's protected so that it can you know
age then we're gonna hang it in here
once it's done i've got i'm trying these
and mommy ooh mommy dry bags that are
gonna arrive this is gonna spend two
weeks in the fridge so after this I'm
done with this we're putting it in a
ziplock bag where it's sticking in the
fridge for two weeks every day or so you
want to flip sides just to make sure
that everything gets you know evenly
spread I hear that if you have a vacuum
sealer which I have yet to go get one
but I will be anyone that you don't have
to flip it but I mean whatever the end
of the world flip it and you know what
listen I think that making cured meats
making your homemade tomato sauce the
labor of love
whatever you're doing it's a labor of
love you know I remember being a stupid
little kid and telling me that why do
you make wine why little by wine at the
story but now
I'm a little bit older I realize that
it's the love it's the you know when I
serve this and I'm like I made this and
then and you know what it's it's it's
the I it's hard to explain but it's the
love of entertainment the food and you
know the traditions you come from so
that seems to be pretty good padded down
into the meat so now we're gonna get
ourselves a ziplock bag here and you'll
do as long as it gets a nice seal you
want to try to get as much of the air
out of here as possible okay and we'll
do that in a minute here but before you
do that it's important that you get all
this good stuff here none of this goes
away it's all going inside the bag it's
important it's part of the balance of
the I mean if you drop a couple except
crystal it's not gonna be the end of the
world there but okay so this here okay
so that is number one so then you're
gonna take this and you're going to roll
it over because this will help get all
the air the most air you can get out of
it you want to get out of it and then
you close it trying to get all the air
out and that is one so you'll see like
most of the air is out of this here you
know it's pretty good and like I said
every couple of days you're gonna flip
it up and down some of the juices
they're gonna suck all the moisture out
and in and get this flavor inside here
very important you want to write the
date on the bag you want to write the
date on this bag because you want to
know you know when you got to take it
out not a big deal if you're doing two
but if you're gonna have a whole bunch
of different meats in your fridge at the
same time have you it's a date to report
so today is November 29 thank you my
lovely assistant behind the camera 2016
so two weeks two weeks this is gonna go
into the fridge this is the basic Coppa
now next we're gonna put this here
before it's put in the fridge next one
we're going
to do same types deal we're going to go
for a spicy one
so remember first part of this is we
need to wait so move it from its package
and like I said you know if you're into
curing meat this is something that you
would find fun look for the deals
what's yours often you know there's a
lot of meat that you need can be cured
you know for sure there's the expensive
cuts but you know you're talking about
something like this here this will
probably you know you're looking it's
gonna lose quite a bit of its weight but
it's still it's still gonna you know
nice thing you think out in the party so
you inspect it see nice fat the other
one actually had more fat on it so
probably better but this guy you know
he's still he still knew how to get down
so plates here this is gonna go on then
after handling all this meat and
you're probably gonna wipe down your
material so there's zero grams we've
done the plate we put this on this one
is 1068 so it's a little bit smaller so
you record them the 1068 then work your
hands on your shirt
you use your phone clean your phone
later because you've touched raw meat or
you get a calculator whatever you like
so you do 1060 seven times 0.3 so it's
gonna be 30 something in the salts 32
grams of salt okay and then you know
roughly you're looking at three grams
and say it's roughly the same cuz
they're roughly roughly the same the
only one I try and be exact on super
super exact is II the prog powder so one
thousand times point zero zero two five
talking about two point six that's what
we're aiming for here so two point six
we'll see what happens so let's start
with a kosher salt here let's see if we
can get to our 32
just a little bit too much okay that was
39 35 34
thirty-two perfect I don't know if I
have to be exact I imagine as I get
older and I realized that none of this
matters within a gram I won't be as
exact but it's the first time so for the
first time we're gonna have a little bit
of fun and being do now let's see if we
can get that out lovely sorry yeah I'm
dealing with pepper and salt and
whatever here okay I always make sure
that your things at zero okay so you
know when you're getting a feel for how
much these are
[Music]
it's too small with this with this thing
here so we're gonna have to we're gonna
have to just do it on the scale I might
have to get something a little bit
better for this in the future I'm not
sure come up with a better plan than
doing it right on the scale right all
right that looks about right okay that's
that and then I'm gonna eyeball the oh
wait this one has a few other things on
it I forgot that's the code the salt
here just checking the recipe very
professional I know pure salt black
pepper white pepper red hot chili powder
and garlic powder
2% Red Hot Chili Peppers or 2% so you
need like 20 grams of that
this curing salt can go bottom right now
Oh 20 exactly wow there's a lot lighter
this insult
break these big little guys up you mean
you can break it up and you're doing the
meat this is like my poor wife Santa
this pieces all right and then we need a
pepper
three
yeah we're good fine okay that's that
and then we need some garlic powder I'm
going to find my garlic powder here you
know I'm excited to try this with
curries and other things I know that
sounds really not
fortunately my wife's gonna have to toss
while I run upstairs to get garlic
powder thing
it's a little bit of white pepper to two
or so grounds all right so this one you
as you can see has a lot more spices
more likely to make me sneeze I've
already done once in this video close
this out close this up and then we get
to rub the meat you can pre mix your
spices you know I've seen people do that
in videos I feel like in this pen and
whatnot things are gonna get nicely
mixed all over the only thing is maybe
the prompt powder won't get mixed up so
much but I'm being vigilant to make sure
that it all gets mixed up plus you know
as you turn that bag over things are
gonna move and stuff like that so this
one here is gonna have a spicy exterior
even though after we take these out
we're gonna wash them it's still gonna
have a crust and this here you see when
you have little crevices like that you
want to make sure you get the salt and
whatever in there because it's God or
reach into the meat it's got to go deep
into the meat and make sure like over
here you see this here this is not again
it too it's starting it all up in here
because anything you have exposed is not
doing its job it's not getting in so I
am by no means an expert this is the
first time that I've done this I hope it
is a success I will keep everybody
abreast of my of what's going on as it
goes through I'll take up maybe a little
video update while I'm rotating it in my
fridge and then in two weeks we will
take it out and then we'll see I might
have these umami dry bags by then or I
might be doing it you know real
traditional style and getting like a
cheesecloth or something like that you
could get like these these things things
that are like
the intestines of a cow or a pig or
whatever it's called the beachbum and
then you can wrap it in that and but you
have to poke holes in that and that's
good for two but look at that bridge
we'll cross that bridge when we get
there we'll see what I got you know I
have to tell you these umami bites are
like these vacuum seal bags that you can
do all the drawing in your fridge but
there's something about hanging the meat
in your own garage and and watching it
you know that kinda it seems to be part
of the whole fun of this thing so we
will see if I use those bags if not I
will be definitely I will I might use
them for making muscles like like that
whole muscle cuts like this but for the
sausages we're gonna make dr. Christmas
we're definitely definitely 100% going
to be doing it old-school and banging
them in here so you know what I'll make
sure to make a video when we do our
sausage party get all that air out of
here and then we'll get up and we will
go and put these in the fridge you want
them to lay flat and like I said you
need to rotate them so I just made a big
sauce and then we're going to a party so
that's why we have so many eggs in our
fridge but anyway so we're gonna just
lie them here one and two I didn't put
the date on these but I'm going on the
second one but I'm gonna remember
because they both went in at the same
time now we wait
bye thank you