hi everyone it's amanda from waffle
makers hub calm today we are going to be
reviewing the crux belgian waffle maker
with removable plates this is a pretty
big machine where the plates pop out it
does make for waffles so it's nice and
big for a big family you can make a lot
of waffles at one time we're gonna take
a look closer at the machine and see how
it works and k so clearly crepes Belgian
waffle maker before I plug it in I just
wanted to show you a few of the
highlights of the machine first how the
plates are removable so this is the
handle it's a pretty big handle that
sticks out right there you just squeeze
the bottom with your thumb and it opens
up there's the big Belgian waffle plates
and there is a button right on the side
over here so if you push that button and
pull the plates down it easily comes
right out so you can stick these in the
dishwasher for a nice easy cleaning the
plates are supposed to be nonstick but
the instruction manual does recommend
that you see then the waffle iron plate
I'm just going to snap that right back
into place another feature that I like
is that it has an on light and already
light so you'll know when the waffle
maker is on when it's ready for to pour
batter in and it also has this nice dial
so you can change how dark or how light
you would like your waffles I'm just
going to put it on three today so it's
nice and even hopefully it'll make
perfectly golden brown waffles also on
the other side of the waffle maker
I like to know that the cord has a nice
place where you can wrap it up for easy
storage so you don't have cords all over
taking up space making your cabinets
messy so you can when you're done
cooking you can wrap that back up it
does have a nice blonde cord in case
your outlet is far away from where you
go when their waffle maker was heated up
the machine actually beeped five times
to indicate that it was ready I actually
thought it was our smoke alarm going off
but it was just the waffle maker saying
that it's hot so I'm gonna go ahead and
use some of our amazing waffle batter
which there are nine
our amazing waffle batter and close the
Machine so it says it takes about four
to five minutes to cook
I'm just waiting now steam is coming out
of the waffle maker which means it's hot
so hopefully it'll make us some nice
Belgian I open the machine after about
four minutes and they waffles still
weren't quite done so I closed it again
now it looks like they're starting to be
golden-brown and again this is on
setting number three if you'd like them
a little darker I would turn up the heat
but these don't look like they're
getting any darker right now so I'm
gonna go ahead take them out and see if
they come off the plates cleanly they
did come off the top plate nicely so
hopefully they don't stick it off and
we'll give them the crunch test see how
they came out of the corrupts Belgian
waffle maker really easily no batter
stuck to the edge the waffle on the left
here is upside down so this part was on
the bottom and this was the top of the
waffle so the bottoms do look a lot
nicer than the top for presentation
maybe you'd flip the waffles over on the
plate they do have a little bit of a
crunch not so crunchy maybe I would turn
the heat up next time since it does have
that nice heat dial so you can do
different heat settings overall it does
have a lot of good features on this
waffle maker there's that beep that beep
means the waffle maker is hot is there
that your crepes Belgian waffle maker
this is Amanda from waffle makers hub
comm you want to check out our full
review you can go to our website there's
a bunch of recipes on there as well as
reviews for other waffle makers and you
can read more about this crepes Belgian
waffle maker