hey y'all welcome to my kitchen
it's me Debbie thank you for watching it
for supporting this channel right now
I'm going to be making some cabbage I
would say cabbage Jamaican style but
people like to say oh you know people
like to complain so cabbage
Debbie start in the pot here I have
about a tablespoon of olive oil two
tablespoons of butter I'm adding to that
about a half a teaspoon of minced garlic
[Music]
first let me add the sliced onions
you say let's saute this owner in just a
bit
thanks I hope nobody was watching I hope
you're all doing well as I said a couple
of my videos earlier that this week I
was not feeling my best and so my
husband last night on his way home from
work called me thinking was that BG
grocery shopping when you got home or
today when I was ready to cook I noticed
certain things that we're missing and I
would have loved but you know what times
that old me would have jumped on me like
crazy
oh you didn't get thankful you didn't
get back but I ever loved him just say
thank you for the effort okay so in your
husband you sponsor whoever try to do
something nice then you just learn to
say thank you okay so so the sauteed
onions
I have bell peppers in all different
colors whatever you have I always say
just use whatever you have I have two
Alma tomatoes that I've diced that I
sliced and I'll have a few sprigs of
thyme
all over Isis on Stephen cabbage and you
know all these bright colors in there so
you know bees with our eyes first and
then you see all these nice lovely
bright colors
I have about a cup and a half of carrots
here that I want to you because I have
the carrots in here and my carrots are
cooked a little chunky I'm gonna cover
this and saut√© these for maybe about
three minutes okay okay so this I have a
can of corn sweet corn that are drained
and washed you can use frozen corn to
foster and to this I'm going to see me
cook a bit so I'm going to add a pinch
of salt pinch of garlic powder
paint chips Lawry's all-purpose
seasoning salt but that's it well
prefers just Lawry's seasoning salt any
season saw all-purpose seasoning you
have is fine and a little bit of red
pepper place our I brought this later
that is also makes it look so pretty now
guys here is my cabbage I have a hat it
was a very large cabbage soy I just
spice up about a half of it
the cabbage
I have 1/4 cup I normally don't do this
but I have 1/4 cup of homemade chicken
broth low sodium I'm going to add to
this and I'm just going to cover this
and let it take some time and when it's
similar all the way down that I can get
to it and see how much more seasoning I
may or may not need to add ok guys
welcome back to the cabbage so the
cabbage has been stealing nicely I'm
gonna stir it up and I like my cabbage
cooked too soft so we're all up to you
if you want to have more liquid and for
those of you who are vegetarian I know I
use chicken broth you could always use
vegetable broth or you can always just
use a little bit of water and yes I can
whoops I always do that with the times
I'm gonna add just a little bit more of
the arm garlic powder and seasoning salt
to it
as well as the as well as seasoning salt
hey I'm actually gonna wait till it's
done cooking so add more red pepper
flakes because I like how the red pepper
flakes look in the pictures and it will
be any great pictures on my blog you
know when you're doing something you're
gonna just take your time and do it
right so if this is the cabbage guys for
me this is pretty much done for you you
can cook it until it's at the desired
consistency you need but this is pretty
much done for me okay guys I want to
thank you so much for visiting my
channel for watching my videos and for
supporting me as we grow it is my
intention to bring you nothing but value
okay I want to thank you so much for
watching you have a blessed day
you