[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Joe with OSI detailing and we
have some more model 3 here but today I
wanted to do a quick demonstration of
how we do a rinse this carwash you know
it's a model 3 there's a lot of
environmental reasons on this car lesson
you're carving from tread so while
you're going that far with owning the
car like that might as well do it with
your washing process too because we've
adopted a rinses washing process that
we've been using for years and it works
really well it's safe its effective and
actually it's quicker than traditional
washing and there's no massive water
runoff or anything I've got a couple
things here that I use I've got some
carpet echo mixed up in my pump sprayer
here this is I mix it ten to one in my
pump sprayer I use distilled water in
there because you can see there's only a
little bit left but that's enough to
wash this car probably two or three
times I mean I also have a bucket I
actually measured this out it's two
gallons of water in here mixes with an
ounce of the car Pro echo that's using
my wash solution so this is a you know
there's a high dilution ratio on this
stuff so basically the first thing I'm
gonna do is I'm going to take my pump
sprayer and I'm actually just gonna do
half the hood for you and probably the
front bumper itself just so you can kind
of see the way ours so I'm gonna go
ahead and mist the hood down what this
does is actually lets the echo
encapsulate the dirt that's on there and
break up any like a big stuff it's gonna
it's gonna break up any loose or heavy
debris on there so I'm just missing this
down to get a light soak on it and the
cool thing about this is you can do this
process like a panel at a time and then
go on to the next you don't want to read
this out you want to leave that solution
in there so I'm gonna take it
and this curves pretty dirty so on my
first pass it's really important because
I don't want to induce wash and do
smarting I'm gonna literally use just
the weight of the mitt and I'm gonna do
a really light pass I'm gonna flip it
over it kind of touch the rest and
that's a super light pass I'm doing on
that
I'm gonna go over here to my bucket that
has a great bird in it get my mitt up
again and I'm gonna go back one more
time with just the way to my hand after
that I'm gonna start working on the
bumper the bumpers typically collect
more dirt and then say like the tops of
the car do same thing with like the
bottoms behind the wheels so on the
front bumper I'm gonna be a little bit
more careful than I was on the top so
I'm gonna do smaller passes so again
just the weight of the mitt and then I'm
gonna flip it over and I'm gonna go one
more time right there and I'm gonna go
back to my bucket into the grit guard
same thing just the weight of the mitt
flip it over one more time same process
throughout just always remembering to
use the first pass with very very little
pressure because that's where you're
probably induced almost Maurine on this
I have a waffle weave drying towel here
this is a Waverider dry and tell buy
microfiber madness I'm so confident in
these cells that they will not instill
wash Maureen I've been using them for
years so now that I've done half the
hood and I've done the front bumper I'm
just gonna dry those panels off because
even though I'm using distilled water
and it's really not that big of a deal
because I use it in both it's not always
available so you can't get some water
spotting so I'm just about the way to
the towel I'm wiping the areas I just
went over one more quick wipe
ideally if you did it right when you're
picking your towel up you shouldn't see
any dirt on it so it works great on your
car whether it's coated not coated it
does perform especially well with
secrets - reserved because car / or car
pro they kind of go hand in hand but
this is a really fast and easy way to
wash your car we're also a you know in
California where yes we had a lot of
rain last year but it's not always like
that so rather than you know your
neighbors staring at your funny when
you're hosing down your car you're using
a couple gallons and you can get the
whole car wash and it's effective and
it's actually safer in my opinion than a
traditional wash is thanks for watching
please subscribe for more videos I'm Joe
Losey detailing
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]