hi folks Lee here welcome to ninja
guitar I'm going to be showing you today
are a couple of crazy whammy bar tricks
you can do rooibos style tremolo fatigue
it up there are a million and one ways
you can use a Floyd Rose tremolo I was
going to show you a few things that I do
with it and many other people do if
you've never used one before okay so
let's do them straight in with the good
old fashioned dive-bomb so you could do
with some kind of distorted sounding on
your guitar just got that the Ibanez
going into the GT 100 on like a solo
metal sound for this demo
okay so what you do is if you just pick
or a pluck the top in string
depress trick
how quickly you do it it's going to give
you a different effect to the sound and
all that sort of stuff so you could try
going down an octave it's really good
for using your ears to pitch a note so
one either
let's feel right
you can get that kind of an motorbike
type sound revving
I hear I'll pick out and some harmonics
say we're not doing it less on harmonics
but if you you're able to pick up
harmonics above your natural harmonics
that is above your pickups and they're
really cool to grab order for the rugby
bars and also you make any string it's
quite cool to pick a couple of those
harmonics at the same time we'll grab
one over on the outer result may be in
kind of lip kind of alien laser beam if
I showed you can also do what Mattias
eken does a lot of which is to hammer
the harmonics with your with a knuckle
of all of your fingers on a natural I
say we take the seventh fret on the g
string pick it look like a tremor
see you can also do an elephant trunk
kind of call if you plug the seventh
fret natural harmonic on the B shape and
same on the g string same time
that's what you're looking for and then
you can kind of go pulling up on the
whammy bar
could you kind of that then as the old
Joseph Yanni lizard down the throat
trick which sounds pretty true doesn't
ever what you're looking to do when
basically this kind of lick or trick if
you like is the puck a note by dipping
with the one ball so if I'm here here
it's got a semitone and I need to kind
of then dip about the rubber ball by a
semitone using my ears
no stays the same you get this kind of
glissando ghostie fragile everything
you
you get that kind of the other thing
another trick to do is the goggly tiny
noise you get from a quite tight bar on
your wacky borrow from the floor and
that's when you kind of snapping the bar
so vibrate they can vote them so I don't
know it is whether we stay with maybe
like the ninth fret on g
you put the boat on hits it all the
shoes that go both ways on say this
afternoon notice of this this way
I'm 65 alone
the one we bar sticking out towards the
bridge you can get kind of like a ghost
note inflections as you casually play if
you work if you just tap on the ball
we give you an example as a house this
week
I'm at any given point if I hit that bar
it's going to raise all the strings up
by maybe half as a quarter of a semitone
or or even a full semitone depend on how
hard I hit it because you're ready
and what you can also do is rather than
bending the string to get to a
particular note like you could use the
valley bottom pull up by the same amount
and then this this will really test your
knowledge where you are on the string
into in relation to a scale but if you
take a scale on one string and I go run
your playlist particularly note bend it
up and then I'm going to smile to
another note in scale which are those
tone higher than something else and then
ready bow down so effectively what
others
do you see why we bought to make it
really smooth
you can mix and match those ideas you
could put a few goggles in you can use
the trim tick just to give you a bit of
vibrato as I was doing then trying it
like a more vocal quality tea
Hey
II
mm you can always just pull it off as
well and using the bridge pickup you can
be able to volume up you can pull out
some weird sound effects like that just
by touching the strings of the pickups
using almost like a slide effectively
kind of r2d2 son you don't necessarily
need a Floyd Rose trying to do that of
course one of the things you can do
ourselves talking about trying to get
like a vocally sound out of it you can
try to mimic the sound of someone's
voice using it so I could try and pick
up the nuances and the way that someone
speaks for just using the guitar try to
say something things a wall up at the
same time you get even more kind of
where these ideas are really
groundbreaking they've been done a
million times before by lots and lots of
different players go and check them out
for yourself but if you've got a Floyd
Rose Trump on your guitar and then use
it and use it to try and make your
playing more and more expressive though
that's been a help I'll see you around
take care
Oh