[Music]
so today we got some pretty sad couches
behind us they have a lot of potential
and we're gonna show you how to restore
them we've got these today
if you've allowed your couches to get
this sad don't worry they can be happy
couches again genuine leather couches so
the products that we use polyfill right
here for the conditioner today we are
using mink oil and I'll put a link for
that in the description below as well we
always recommend black rock leather and
rich it's the best product but if you're
in a pinch and you can't find Black Rock
this will work this is the leather
aerosol dyes that we're going to be
using today we also use a brand called
brillo but this is a newer brand so
we've been working with out a lot more
too and we'll have the links for
everything in the description the person
who owned these went ahead and stitch
them on they weren't initially attached
and it's kind of at a weird area like
this is supposed to be the top of the
way of their stitch this is why they're
so deformed we just need to
[Music]
Hey so winds are filling some of the
cushions
reshaping them giving them some life and
this is gonna look like a whole
different couch that when we're done
with it already it's looking so much
better and we haven't even done any of
this retouching here
[Music]
okay so here they are restocked and
conditioned now we're gonna add just a
little bit of color before painting it's
a good idea to wipe off any residual
conditioning you have left on the
cushions we like these are my lovin
waves they're a little bit darker just
from oil and stuff from the conditioner
even made them a little bit darker so
we're just gonna add and cover a little
bit of add a little bit of spray dye
here and the color we're using is red
and mahogany by TRG one so in between it
wipe off the overspray and if you have
to you can order a color chart from
brillo or TRG for your couch and you can
mix and match the mahogany was the
undertone and the cordovan is going to
be that top radish
[Music]
and this dye soaks right into the couch
and dries instantly yeah so you do not
have to worry about drying it maybe wipe
down any little excess residue but
that's it you don't have to seal it or
anything just apply this paint and
that's it
beautiful now mm-hmm and you can see the
whole blend yep because it's all dye so
once you rehab this conditioner that
pigment will absorb in there even more
so after you're done painting it give it
a good condition again and you might
even go over it with one more coat if
you want to add more color this will be
our second coat we added the mink oil
wiped it down and we're starting with
the undertone first here with the red
mahogany and then we'll go over it again
just a little bit with the cord of it
okay so they're done and improvement
they're happy couches now these are
beautifully perfect beautifully perfect
that's impatient
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so again all the products we
used on this repair will be in the links
below
remember polyfill for the back very nice
conditioner Blackrock leather enriched
and the dyes that's it three products a
little bit of work two hours and you can
sit on them right afterwards
[Music]