I'm Tom Pika and this is outrageous
food at 587 in Las Vegas svana hey girls
ready owners Mia din pork and shrim
verelli and her husband
Charlie are Specialists when it comes to
the famous Vietnamese soup F that's
right most people call it f but it's F
it's a very hearty beef stock different
cuts of meat in here noodles very tasty
and they're making it from scratch every
day oh it's so fresh it's whatever they
do to the broth it just it's so
flavorful and if F 87 you can get your F
fix in any size small medium or large
that's not the end of the line here
they've even got one they call the
Godzilla bow and it weighs in at more
than n lb this is your big gigantic
Godzilla ball hey Mia hey Tom how you
doing good Mia why are you doing this
because a lot of people love our fall
and they eat it all the time and we
wonder how much they can eat so what is
the challenge the challenge is a large
uh bowl of f you have 2 lb of noodles 2
lbs of meat and if you finish everything
in 87 minutes you will win the jackpot
so you win money on this thing and you
go home with full belly of good food
love Vegas can we go check it out sure
let's go to the kitchen right all right
Mia all this meat goes into this pot yes
how many gallons is this 150 gallons and
you guys do this every day yes so how we
filing this when you go in Old School
like two gallons at a time think this is
it look great ready to go get the bones
we have 50 lb of Bones oh these are
beautiful got a marrow in there so we
put the bones in the bag so it's easy to
take out after finish cooking the next
one is tendon one of my favorites oh
really thank you uh no not really I
don't think so is this like in the knee
or something to the cow like the knee
the hips the had the large tendon we
have 40 lbs of tendon that's a lot of
tendon all right our next step is oxtail
yeah that's nice loow them up lots of
oxtail next we have to put in flank drop
they call flank drop because a drop uh
from the cow neck very good meat this
isn't tender though no it's not very
tender very chewy um it's got to be
chewing I mean if it's part of the jaw
these things chew all day yeah that's
why we have to cook for a long time next
brisket and we have 80 lb of brisket wow
and you're just going to throw it right
in yeah it's getting pretty full here
yeah now we let it simmering and we go
Grill the ginger and now we're going to
grill the onion you're just going to
steer it a little bit not too much no
not too dark so we got our our lid of
Ginger and onions what's next next we
need to prepare the herbs to put in so
we got star Anis clove clove coriander
and cinnamon huh beautiful look at that
bark the coriander and the clove is Tiny
so we have to put in the container so
it's like a like a tea container this is
make tea for the whole country yeah it's
going to be a lot of coriander yes this
a big pot of soup you are not sing on
the clove either all right think you get
a spot right here right we have a spot
right there that's good huh very good
all right so now we need cinnamon and
saranas we got some serious flavor going
on here people all right so we're going
to let this go for what 5 hours then the
briskets ready to come out all right an
hour later we take out the flank drop
it's not too tough here with these
oxtail intendance are next then the
onions and Ginger go back in and it's
topped off with water every day every
day 150 gallons yes and once it's
simmered overnight be careful Tom the
veggies and Bones come out too and we
skim out the spices ner all right Mia
took 24 hours to make the broth let's
make some f first step we get the noodle
boil water 10 seconds right noodles next
we put 2 lb of meat this is what we
cooked in the broth right but then you
guys slice these yeah we take it out and
slice it when a customer order uh fresh
you got to make this fresh every time
yes what am I going to start with you
put the tendon layer in the bottom
what's next flang dry and then I'll help
you layer with the brisket pile on the
meats and then we'll put in the tri the
lining of the stomach yes rare stick on
top because we pour in the hot soup we
don't want it
overcooked and now we add raw white
onion and scallion beautiful M smells so
good love scallion so this is some
cilantro cilantro yes that's the last St
cilantro is very delicate so you want to
put very top so now this is the innards
of the soup now we need the broth so you
got about 2 lb of meat in here 2 lb of
noodles how much broth is this like a
gallon a gallon of broth and you got
this bowl here that isn't much smaller
than the stock pot got that ready to dig
in yes she's strong I was making her
strong very strong this is a fresh Thai
Basil you can put it in to add more
flavor I'm doing that and then some bean
sprouts and let's go with some jalapeno
jalapeno yes and you want some lime sure
squeeze it now this is a massive Bowl
yeah is there a proper way to eat this
stuff you want this FR to be in front of
you the aroma that you smell your a
factory interpret your food well I'm
getting in here I'm getting in here too
both of our face fit in here anyway
right M oh very good wow going for the
tendon T is delicious you melt to your
mouth Yes light butter the beef flavor
in this is unbelievable I love the meats
to used because I mean they are meats
that need a lot of cooking time and
they're perfectly executed it's really a
wonderful Bowl sup and coming up we've
got four challenges who are going to try
and take down the Godzilla he is just
mowing through that bowl that's coming
up a little later