[Music]
hello I'm Karen ridges from Veggie
Vision TV and today I'm going to be
showing you some healthy cooking
tips hello I'm going to show you how to
cook barley now barley is an amazing
cereal grain it contains eight amino
acids and it's actually been shown to
help lower cholesterol so I think it's
it's a product that we really need to
make more use of it's really simple and
easy to cook as well so first of all we
just start with giving it a good wash
under the sink so this is a 500 G bag
and typically we use half of this for
two or three people but maybe we're just
a little bit more greedy so simply tip
it in your
cander and wash it
through the best you can
[Music]
so after it's washed tip it back into a
nice big sauce
pan and there is a bit of a trick to
Barley you need to use cold water in
particular and really I would say a
third of the
saucepan fill up with
water now we use fil filtered water and
alkalized water and it really gives a
much better flavor to whatever you're
cooking so now when you've got enough
water we just pop it over to the
hob bring to the boil as quickly as you
can and leave boiling for maybe 30
seconds or a minute and then we get rid
of that water we start again with fresh
water and we leave that to cook maybe
for an hour keep check cheing it as the
time goes by make sure there's enough
water in there if it boils away
obviously you're going to get a burnt
Sals pan and not a very nice tasting
barley so the barley has been boiling
now for just a couple of minutes we're
going to put it in the collander and
give it another good wash then we're
going to start again with some more
fresh water
[Music]
so leave The Barley to cook for another
hour and then here's one that um I
cooked earlier for you and it's just
been left to cool and then left in the
fridge because you can eat barley hot
and cold now a really nice way of eating
this is to chop up finely raw vegetables
and mix it in for a nice barley salad um
you can have lightly warmed mushrooms
mix again with the barley and top with
some soy sauce and another really
interesting way to enjoy your barley is
to actually cook it in orange juice and
then mix it up with some tropical fruits
some pineapple some bananas some kiwis
and have a really tasty healthy dessert
hope you enjoy your barley
w