hey what's going on YouTube Mike here
again another quick video here I'm
trying to help you fix a scratch Mark
and right now it's crazy because it's
not just a scratch it's a key mark that
happened in my friend's car so these are
some crazy teen adolescent kids so let
me go ahead and show you all right here
we have her Jeep and as you can
tell the kids got a little creative um I
think that's a p I think that's a b so p
b o i don't know what that stands for
but pretty crazy of what they did so
first thing you want to check out is the
depth of how deep they got okay so what
you want to do is you want to slide a uh
fingernail to see if it catches okay and
to see if if they got to the bare
metal um if it got to the bare metal
this is going to be a temporary fix is
not going to be a you know something
that it's going to magically dis make
this disappear but uh we're going to try
our best to try to cut this out and hide
most of it so as you can see standing
about three some feet away it's very
very very very noticeable especially on
a black car so we're going to see what
we can do to get raced all right so
first thing you guys want to do is uh
you want to wet sand the area to try to
uh I'm I'm using about 1500 grit right
now I'll probably stepp it down to 2,00
,000 and I'm just going to try to knock
down the scratches out so I'm going to
usually I pre-soak it I kind of like
just let it sit there and then um I'm
just going to lightly let the Sandpaper
do the
work I'm going to lightly take down uh
each of the Scrat each of the scratch
marks and try to knock it back
down so the key here is not to take off
too much and please don't try to like
you know dive and dig into it as much as
you
can all right guys here's after the wet
sanding smoed it out a little bit there
is uh since it's not an even scratcher
you're going to find and see that some
parts are deeper than the other ones uh
we're just going to try our best to try
to knock it down to make it not
noticeable un fortunately it's not going
to be perfect um we are able to take out
some small scratches but not stuff
that's really really really deep so
we're going to hit this with a uh a
buffer with some rubbing compound um
smoothing it out and then we're going to
get it with a polishing pad and we're
going to smooth it out after all right
guys when you uh put on the buffer uh
you want to start at the the slowest
speed as possible um just so that the
the the uh the rubbing compound doesn't
fly everywhere and uh usually some
people just like to work it in um since
it's kind of a hot day you want to you
know you don't want to let sit too long
so you want to hit it as much as
possible
so going to start off in a slow
motion looks pretty damn good looks like
nothing ever happened look at so this
scratch was about
5 feet this is after we put apply
wax to the
car you can still see a little bit right
there that's really deep but pretty much
everything else is pretty
much gone there is
some some left of the I got to get out
of the some of the rubbing compound dry
rubb I got to get out but that's pretty
much it guys just showing you