[Music]
hello beautiful people today I'm going
to sharing a breakfast or snack that I
typically like to have when I'm feeling
a bit hungry so first I start off with
some frozen mixed berries and then I
take these and I warm them in the
microwave so they're a bit softer and
then want some done with that I use a
fork and then I'm going to just mush up
the berries so that they're a bit softer
and you know they're not too solid of a
form because I'm going to mix them with
some yogurt now once I'm done I'm going
to grab my yogurt and I'm going to just
pour that into my berry mixture I'm
using the foot of the vanilla flavour by
your plate and I really really enjoy
this okay so good so now that I have
that in I'm going to go and grab my
muesli I am using organic toasted muesli
from Aldi and I really like this because
I really like the crunch and it just
tastes wonderful overall so I love to
mix it with my yogurt I need that
together you can typically just go ahead
and eat like this but I am going to add
some chopped strawberries I normally
prefer to have bananas but we didn't
have any at home as I was making this so
I thought I would just go with some
strawberries instead but I find that
bananas taste better in my opinion
and now after cleaning up I'm going to
take part in the classic ritual of
snapping my food before I eat it and I
will I think I posted this on my
Instagram story of which you can find my
Instagram links in the description box
down below and that is basically all
that there is to this y'all get in
mostly but muesli wall and I secretly
really I really do enjoy having this as
a breakfast or I
can make a smaller version of this in a
mug and I can have this as a snack or
dessert when I'm feeling a bit peckish
but it really it just tastes amazing and
I hope you will try out too and let me
know if you enjoy it and if you have any
other ideas for yogurt muesli or the
likes leave that in the comment section
down below all in all that is it for
today's video if you are new please be
sure to subscribe and ten on post
notifications and give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it
[Music]