hello everybody this is Bryant with
amusement source and it is time for
another info the log for those of you
who are new with us you may have never
seen one of these info clocks before
basically what this is is I take content
or more important information that is
kind of surfaced and might be confusing
to people and I try to lay it out and
explain it to you so that you don't go
crazy over it now the topic we're going
over today is actually two things and
this affects six all Six Flags parks
really but we're doing this because we
cover mostly six fives over Texas and
Six Flags Fiesta Texas so that topic is
the brand-new Membership Rewards a
system that is coming as well as the
fact that you can actually purchase a
membership like a season pass now one of
the reasons I decided to do an info blog
on this is because you know you get on
Facebook you get on Instagram and all
that other social media that's never
usually really good for anybody and you
just watch people freak out in math
anarchy you know I saw a bunch of posts
like oh this this new membership reward
system is just way too complicated or
they would say something like oh just
another thing that I have to sign up for
to enjoy Six Flags and so forth so on
and I'm not saying that happened in our
social media accounts but I've just seen
it in other places and I don't know why
people overreact on Six Flags attempting
to actually make things better for
people who have paid more money for
certain perks so just to be brief the
new membership rewards system is a point
system think about you know you go
a place like smoothie King and you have
a punch card when you get to a certain
amount of smoothies purchase you get a
free one think of it kind of like that
it's gonna be a point system where you
can go to the park you can purchase
things you can purchase tickets you can
check-in to chose check-in the rides and
track any food purchases or souvenir
purchases that you've done and they will
actually give you points back for
participating in those things then once
you get to a certain amount of points
earned you'll actually get rewards for
this and they have stated that the
rewards would be things such as free
tickets icees haunted house passes
during Fright Fest free food basically
you know anything you can think of at
the park they're gonna try to build some
kind of reward off of your points for
that thing so on August 30th keep that
date in mind that's important for two
reasons but on August 30th that is when
you can actually sign up for the all-new
rewards system you'll just go to your
membership portal which is my past Six
Flags com you'll log in and there should
be a sign up to enter the rewards
program
not everybody is just put into the
rewards program you do actually have to
sign up for this so what does that mean
if it's too complicated for you or
you're just gonna complain about it you
don't even have to participate it's
pretty great right so they have kind of
laid out some of their how you get your
points situation so I'm gonna kind of go
over the main points for you just so you
kind of understand how this is going to
work
so if you visit the park that's gonna
give you 50 points and I'm reading so
bear with me and you will get bonus
points every time you visit other Six
Flags parks besides the park that you're
membership is actually registered at if
you go and ride a ride you just open the
app you check in at the ride and you
earn three points for that keep in mind
you don't actually have to ride the ride
to get the points you just have to make
sure you're close enough to check in if
you see a live show while you're at the
park that's six points it's pretty
awesome you actually get double the
points for going to a show that you do
then you do for riding arrive so go see
those shows they're also saying that
there will be contests that you can
enter throughout the year we don't have
any information on Matt and we don't
have any points values on that but that
is something that is coming it will just
enter random contests and you'll get
points for it if you buy stuff like food
or souvenirs clothing anything like that
it's 25 points for every dollar that you
spend so purchasing things is actually
one way to really get those points built
up and the higher membership level you
have the cheaper things always are gonna
be they do say that doing other stuff
will also get you points surveys reading
their newsletter things like that
there's no concrete details on that one
either but that's something that is also
coming to the rewards program and like I
said you'll be able to cache these
points in for food they're saying VIP
parking the Fright Fest mazes
you'll get discount vouchers if you want
to do if you're at the esta Texas and
you want to do the slingshot or you're
at Six Flags Over Texas you want to do
the go-karts you'll be able to actually
put your points towards free rides on
those upcharge attractions you'll also
get discounts on shopping in park games
tickets for your friends cotton candy
cabanas at the water parks exclusive
member merchandise photos of you on a
ride or with a character I mean all
kinds of stuff and churros so I mean
and I love churros you'll be able to
catch these points in super easy you'll
just go to your membership portal or
they also say that you can go on the app
and you'll be able to catch those points
in there so it looks like the process is
going to be super streamlined there's
not going to be anything extra that you
have to do it's all going to be in your
account it's all going to go full circle
between the portal and the app and if
you don't use either of those things and
you have a membership it should use
those things because that's how you get
a lot of your benefits on how you get a
lot of important information from week
to week and like I said before on August
30th you can sign up for the membership
rewards program until then we can talk
about it you can go to the comments
below
ask any questions you might have and
I'll try to answer them for you alright
so one of the big things that people
have talked about is well I want to be a
membership holder but I don't want to
pay something monthly I want to pay for
it all upfront and I want the same for
excessive member well that's actually a
thing now Six Flags has actually quietly
rolled out a way to purchase a season
membership pass and let me tell you they
were super quiet about it but it is
available now on their main website and
I'll kind of explain a few things
because this is very important if you're
thinking about buying one of these now
if you aren't sure what memberships
actually cover you know like what your
benefits are and what the high points of
actually getting one is I have
video for that and I will link it in the
description below so currently you can
purchase an all season membership pass I
guess you can call it but I wouldn't yet
and here's why right now it's currently
full price so what is its August middle
to end of August if you buy one right
now it would actually only be good until
December 31st 2018 that's not a good
deal because these are actually selling
at full retail value right now basically
the way it's going to work you purchase
a you purchase it basically like a
season pass so it will be good from the
beginning of a season all the way to the
end of a season it's not annual so you
can't buy one right now and it be good
all the way through next August the
parks are saying that if you purchase
this in September it will be good for
the remainder of 2018 and then be good
for all of 2019 that's why I say wait
because if you buy it right now you're
making a terrible mistake
like I just recently said they are also
a full retail value right now I don't
know if that's gonna change we don't
know if you purchase the monthly system
the monthly program right now you
actually aren't getting it out of
discount so that 20 odd dollars that you
pay for for a diamond to leave
membership that was actually purchased
at a discount the pricing on that is not
flexed at all throughout the whole
season if you go to any of the
membership pages on the official Six
Flags website you will see ok we're
selling this to you for this price but
it's actually a value of this and they
do that on a lot of their tears but I
don't want people to be surprised when I
go to that all season version of the
membership and they see that it is the
full price because I've already had
people freaking out on me and I
shouldn't really freak out that's the
actual retail price that they advertised
advertised or those membership passes so
we are going to break down the season
membership pass pricing by
because it does vary so we're gonna do
Six Flags Over Texas first and the
prices for that if you do a gold plus
all season 225 dollars if you do
platinum its two hundred and seventy
five dollars for the whole season if you
do diamond you're looking at three
hundred and fifty dollars for the ole
season price if you do the top tier
diamond delete you're looking at a
whopping four hundred and ninety dollars
to purchase a whole season pass for that
now I'm on the membership I pay roughly
twenty dollars a month so it's less than
half if you do sign up for the monthly
but you have an all season option now
all right because that's what people
wanted as I said those are the prices
for Six Flags Over Texas we're gonna
switch over to Six Flags Fiesta Texas
now because there are a little bit
better off on their pricing now if you
do a gold plus all season membership at
Fiesta Texas you're looking at two
hundred and fifteen dollars for the
whole year Platinum will run you two
hundred and sixty-five dollars for an
all season pass diamond is going to run
you three hundred and thirty five
dollars for that whole all season pass
and if you decide to do diamond delete
it is four hundred and eighty dollars
per season to pay for that whole thing
up front please note that these prices
can change at any time this is what the
price is as of the publishing of this
video so I encourage you guys to go to
their main websites and make sure you're
as updated as possible on the pricing
points so as I said before I would wait
until September to buy that because if
you're gonna spend that kind of money
for a whole year you're gonna want to
make sure you actually get the whole
year and you're actually going to kind
of get a deal where you'll get the rest
of this season Fright Fest and holiday
in the park close the 2019 season for
that price
will they go on sale but really knows
you know we'll see when Labor Day rolls
around because that's kind of when the
big sales happen but as of right
we're not sure if you follow us on
social media we're gonna try to keep
track of when the membership passes go
on sale to where they are valid for 2019
and will actually post that when we find
out that information as always if you
have any questions please ask below
we'll try to answer them the best we can
we thank you guys for joining us on this
info blog and we'll see you soon
[Music]
[Music]