hi it's will from stormthecastle.com and
here on YouTube you know me is Epic
Fantasy and it's my latest tutorial this
one's a little bit different than my
usual tutorials this is how to make a
light
box right right here now what's a light
box maybe you know what it is maybe you
don't but it is actually a box of light
a boxo light so let me um plug this
thing in and show you how it works get a
look at it
there we
go and you use this to um Trace out
things you put paper on it and you can
trace out patterns or pictures or
whatever fun little project cheaply
made and um I show you how to make it
step by step and uh you know it's a nice
thing to have around uh for arts and
crafts and projects and stuff like that
I've been wanting one for a long time I
finally got around to making one and I
use just a few basic supplies this is my
favorite stuff right um foam board
couple of thin sheets of
lexan right and this is actually foam
board too and look at that inside a
strip of LEDs is that something and it's
really inexpensive this a really cheap
um you can um improvise this a lot of
different ways but I'll show you how I
made it and how you can make one
too fun project uh thanks for watching
my videos if you're subscriber thanks
for subscribing if you're not hit that
button I always got fun and interesting
creative projects for you um I do two
videos every week uh let's launch into
the introduction and then let's do how
to make a light box thank you diaram is
origami cat and Tre telescopes
terrariums Bai trees and paper games SS
and Shields and real black smithing
animation I teach you a of fi creation
storm the castle.com let's make
something okay the most important thing
about let's make this project and the
most important thing about it is the two
pieces of acrylic polycarbonate or lexan
that you use you can buy these in the
Home Depot or Lowe's or even online I
have links in my website um I got these
pre-cut kind of nice I just pulled them
off the shelf they were four bucks each
and they are 11 by 14 in that makes for
a nice light
box so buy yourself two of those or buy
yourself a big one and cut it
down now we have to diffuse the light
with a nice White surface somehow so it
gives you a nice glow and nice even glow
and I use a piece of foam board now
here's the funny thing is this is really
cheap foam board that I bought in the
dollar store
and it the paper peels right off of it
that's wonderful because they don't use
a whole lot of glue on it it comes right
off see it um if you can get this kind
of foam board um get it and use it it's
it's perfect for this project so you
would put it between your two sheets of
lexan and there's the whole thing right
there that's the diffuser that let you
get a nice beautiful glow through that
foam core from the board if you can't
peel the paper off of yours don't worry
about it I'm going to show you an
alternate in a second but that's because
you got good Pham board say
you can use paper instead or use one try
one sheet of paper try two sheets of
paper you know double them up until you
get nice diffusion of light and you can
do that later once your box is
built but um big thing about this
polycarbonate the acrylic sheet the
plastic sheet there is you want it to be
strong enough using two layers is nice
you sandwich the stuff but you want it
to be strong enough so you can lean on
and right on you don't want it to
Bow so now let's build the
Box um cut yourself two pieces of foam
board this same size as your
plastic that's the base glue them
together now we're going to build the
walls around that box that is 4 and 1 12
Ines tall so make four walls and glue
them all the way
around see I actually built two um light
boxes I built the first one as the
Prototype and then I built this one
quickly to show you how to do it so I
I'm guess what I'm saying is do a nice
job of the gluing I'm just doing a quick
gluing here but do a nice job on it to
make it nice and strong there you go
you've got a box now we want this whole
thing strong enough for you to lean on
press your hand on when you're writing
on it and whatnot so we're actually
going to build another layer all the way
around this one to make it a double
wall so there you go 4 and a half inches
tall glue another four all the way
around and these are actually a little
bit longer because the box is now larger
see how it on the left there it overlaps
see that these pieces are a little
longer so measure them and and then do
those
up there you
go amazing how quickly we can build a
box now check it your sheets should
slide in there that's the whole point to
making it the size the the bottom pieces
are the same size as the sheets so now
we're going to do four uh excuse me
three and a half inch tall pieces and
we're going to and and double those up
and build a wall inside like this and
glue those in so 3 and half inches tall
doubled up all the way around the inside
and glue them in I don't think I show
gluing now you've got this beautiful lip
that the plastic and the diffuser will
sit on top of so in other words that
stuff just sits right inside there and
it's about the right height so
everything's pretty even 3 and half in
tall see watch I'll show you now you can
slide these pieces in there and I'm just
doing it to show you we we have a little
bit of um the light work to do you put
it in you put the diffuser
in oh there's a stain on that
one and then you put your second sheet
on good to go check it make sure you're
right before you go any further so you
should put yours in and check
it there you go good to go it's amazing
how quickly you can do this project
so now sand and clean it all up use an
xacto knife use some
sandpaper you know get everything nice
and even and looking
good reglue anything that needs regluing
put some glue in those Corners make it
nice and strong you want this to last
and you want to be able to lean on it
and press on it when you're using
it we don't want it to be delicate so
now cut yourself a sheet that will fit
and slide in there easily plenty of
leeway it can be an inch small smaller
all the way around it doesn't matter
that much just let it flop right in the
bottom of that box and then we are going
to BU the electronics to it now see
these if I remember correctly it was
like
$7 Amazon and it was Prime so I think I
the shipping was free these are a strip
LEDs ribbon on a ribbon I have an exact
a link to this exact one on the web
tutorial I just wanted to show you
there I showed you there with the
scissors there's a specific spot you cut
these like every three inches there's a
cut spot and that's where you want to
cut them to the right size when you're
done doing this we're going to just
stick them right down to your sheet in a
nice coiled pattern like it was a
radiator or
something just like that and it's
actually has a peel on the back you peel
the back off and they stick right down
put the plug that it's already comes
with a plug that's already on it you
don't have to worry about that on that
one corner like that and see you see
there's the steel picking uh the the the
the peeling stick there we go and that's
it you light nice even light you're
going to get with that and then drill
yourself a hole for your plug to slide
through just like that that's already
pre-made you don't have to worry about
it you just have to lay the ribbon down
and then cut it to the cut it to your
size put it in there look at
that now let's pretty much finish it off
put put a sheet of
lexan put your diffuser whether it be
paper or foam core another sheet of
lexan look at how beautiful that is and
the power supply that was like another
$8 I get I have a link to the this is
the power supply that goes with that
light box with those LED strips I got to
link to that exact one on the tutorial
too so you so you can simulate this
project exactly all you do is plug it
into the light strip and then plug it
into the wall and it's there's no
Electronics work or anything and there
you go you have a light box it's sturdy
strong quickly made nice little project
we're going to be using this a lot see
so you got bright light but it's not too
bright but you got nice bright light so
you can put something on it and trace it
listen um thanks for watching this
tutorial if you make a light box please
send me a picture I'd love to see it put
it on the website send me some fan art
um I appreciate you're watching thank
you here's some more projects you might
be interested in on the top is how to
make paper oh and we get some paper
making stuff coming up I'm so excited
and down below is how to make a plaster
cast of your hand that one came out so
good it looks real like a real hand
thank you