[Music]
hey what just so today what we're gonna
do is I'm gonna teach you guys how to
make pozole um you know man says he
wants four solid but you didn't so
Chili's you didn't get nothing to
prepare but you only have like a few
things on hand I'm gonna show you how to
work with this because we all have this
[ __ ] in our house believe in trust we
all have this [ __ ] in our house so I'm
gonna help you guys get Sunday glue the
manual on I would do this live but it's
really lengthy and I rather show you
guys in parts that way you guys could
take your time when you wind back tell
me what you guys think but anyways let's
go ahead and get started and I will
leave everything that you need in a down
bar below as far as ingredients and um
if it's for like chicken post all that
don't [ __ ] it house because I don't make
chicken like I've never made it before I
have a brother who is a vegetarian but
he will not eat meat but he just nobly
picks the meat out and he'll just have
the flavor of the avocado and I like the
harmony but whatever you guys stink tune
check this video out this is just for
you guys again this is la pocha
exclusive how to make pozole and if you
stuck around so watch good for you we're
gonna show you guys how to cook this
[ __ ] so normally posole um you would
have to buy dried chilies you'd have to
soak them you'd have to do all kinds of
[ __ ] so like I said I would do this
online but it's very long and lengthy
and I don't have the patience to sit
there and do live and to think about
like topics I talked about with you guys
so I just rather I just have this [ __ ]
straightforward let's get to it and if
you guys have to rewind this rewind and
we'll figure it out so right what I have
with me is pork spine loin this is pork
loin you could also use pork shoulder
well things like or pork stew stew me
this is what my mom got the store for me
normally I like to buy like a three
pound or two pound pork shoulder and cut
it up like in two pieces like this so
you're gonna rinse this out when you
take it out the package so let's go
ahead and take open the [ __ ] up this has
bone in it so actually the bone and in
any meat is good because it has plate
it'll give the your ear your platonic
flavor
don't worry guys we're not gonna cook it
like this hold on relax [ __ ] [ __ ] on
guys
so we're getting ready to make well
slowly you know you guys have the Google
rocks husbands or man or whatever the
[ __ ] you have in your house you guys are
gluten you guys oh you dumped the meat
in there
of course take the lining out you don't
need the lining make sure the things in
there and then my mom also got me so
this was about I think this was this was
three pounds of meat here in this we
have about seven six to seven people on
our hustle this feeds and maybe we'll
still have leftover for the next day so
this is also three times almost four
pounds this is just let's do this is
only okay I'm sure you guys all have
this part if you guys don't have this
part this was passed down from
generation to generation you know my
grandma Curtis she don't refer Mexico on
this button which I would just got this
[ __ ] at the Mexican store
well you normally will see these pots at
the Mexicans were friendly twenty to
thirty dollars and they're pretty good
we make them on is enough for them and
you know all that so they're like offer
this hot seat also makes color the rest
on the foil
whatever anyway so you have all this
meat in here then that's fine it's a
stockpot so what I'm gonna do now is I'm
gonna rinse this meat off so what I'm
gonna do is turn on the water I like
cold water cuz if you do cold water it's
easier to clean up and also it looks
like in just a second okay this is just
what the first rinse
took the water in there and you'll get
like this pinky chalky color which is
okay you're gonna dump this out cuz you
want to remove any debris any any funky
film it has on there anything that meat
has like the blood the juice all that
stuff you want to rinse it off because
if you take that with you pickle salt
it's gonna be real greasy and it's not
gonna be cute in yeah so there's pretty
much soak it and then Plus this is gonna
help you prevent when you like
cook the meat down you have to cook it
and boil it when you normally cook meat
like beef or pork you merely gets like
that foamy [ __ ] on the top this is also
gonna help you prevent all that stuff
like you already see all like the like
the fat and stuff coming up ready with
the water that's fine it's what you want
you want to prevent last time over there
so scooping up the fat and foam over
this so yeah
that's what you want to do because you
don't want to be over the slope every
couple of minutes every couple like
20-30 minutes checking to see if there's
foam and scooping it out and then this
will delay your time to sit down and eat
so this is what you're gonna do you're
gonna do this about two to three times
and I will show you what it's like after
the third race so give me time to talk
with the second and third and I'll come
back okay
so this is actually after their fourth
rinse I did four because there was so
much meat in here and the water should
be clear someone um there's the fat
should be coming a little bit to the fat
that's okay so we're gonna leave this to
soak and one this is soaking you want to
cut half an onion or you could do a
whole small onion and you cut it up into
fours which I will be dropping in here
now it along with salt regular salt I
don't get fancy guys like it's not rock
salt Himalayan salt like no it's just
regular [ __ ] table salt and some
garlic or garlic pieces garlic salt you
drop it in here for flavor so that the
meat won't kind of like inhibit all that
stuff because again we're not gonna be
using dried Chile's today I will
eventually show you guys how to make the
cheetah sauce to replace what we're
gonna use today but this is just gonna
be real quick um pretty much for Sunday
for something like you guys are craving
for Sola and you guys can make this at
home and it's real easy so you don't
have to go to the Mexican restaurant and
pay like $9 a Boulware you can make your
own [ __ ] pot and enjoy enjoy enjoy as
so again you already see how the water
looks the the meat should be okay so I'm
gonna leave this to soak in just a
second and I'm gonna come back and dump
everything that we need in here right
now and so I'm gonna show you guys what
it looks like
[Music]
you guys seen how that was an action
this is in Coldwater do not build this
pot up to the brim you guys I'm so
serious and I'm gonna tell you why okay
so I already put salt in there you seen
how much thought I put in there I put a
whole onion in there but I cut it in
pieces because the onion is gonna
dissolve with the water it'll go into
like this really really thin you guys
already know when goes well onion
there's no chunks of if you let it boil
for a long time you let it simmer it
turns translucent and this pretty much
gives them me in everything flavor I
also did the garlic and you seen how I
did the garlic I would I before I even
clay it I pushed it down to bruise it
that way you get more of the flavor and
texture less texture of the onion in the
soup you just want the flavor and you
don't want that nasty chunk of garlic
floating around your soup
but just it that and now I'm going to
put this to boil so now this is on the
stove I just put it to boil on I want to
say medium heat alright hide a medium
heat so right in between maybe about a
four or five if you have like on the
stove before so kind of just line it up
on your seen kind of in any Mexican who
has or who's grown up with Mexican
parents know what this is about they
don't want to get their stove all
fluffed up so they just cover the [ __ ]
up and lining with aluminum foil but
anyway but yeah this is like a standard
little stockpot you can find these in
the Mexican store like I said twenty to
thirty dollars you can make that - in
them
many with all that good [ __ ] so this is
what I did my crab willing there's like
an all-purpose pot I use this pot maybe
about once or twice a week or anything
and this pasola is me it's gonna feed
about six to ten people but because I
have my mom my stepdad me my daughter my
son doesn't eat posole my brother Louie
my brother Jerry and then his son so
that's about seven and then we'll still
have leftovers for tomorrow so yeah
and that'll still be leftovers for
breakfast lunch dinner so yeah this is
about six to seven like six to ten
people depending but yeah and if you
have like five people that's okay
because you'll still have to fold it to
eat for leftover so let this thing fall
and we'll come back and check in on it
and I'll tell you how long it's been and
keep you posted so this is about an hour
after cooking your posts or
meet your stuff so if it looks like this
after an hour congratulations so this is
what I was talking about you're making
your persona that you didn't want a
bunch of this over the pot like this
phone you guys get to the phone that's
from the meet so without taking any of
the juice just take the clumps of fats
and it's gonna be easier for you to
scoop so just like gonna look like this
see look just like that so no juice just
take whatever you can scam as much as
you can't off without taking the juice
so I'm just doing that and draining it
against the pot don't be getting a
little plate but I got certified cuz tip
typically report when you cook it in
just like this that's with like when you
boil it or you fry it so how's it that
much when you rinse the meat out and you
get it all to where you need to go then
you're set I think that's as much as I
can try to grab and if you can't grab it
that's fine make sure also this is what
that me stirring the meat I didn't
disturb it so now you're gonna see all
that stuff floating around I'll give it
a good stir your onions are gonna be
still white [ __ ] this is uncovered
you guys so this is after an hour of
boiling it I'm gonna look like this so
I'm gonna turn up my pick up a little
bit higher give it more of a rapid boil
so like in about 20-30 minutes it'll be
somewhere and then you all that stuff
that comes up from the bottom of the
meat of the pan of the that comes up
from the bottom of the pot is in a comic
plate you guys already see like most of
this stuff that's coming up and this is
just from the meat guys don't worry
about that you guys are gonna still take
that out but this is what I'm talking
about you didn't want the whole pot full
of this stuff so this is what rinsing
the meat out will do for you
okay so now it's been a topic and we
have been boiling
I added like four more cups of water
into the pot and I drained the hominy
because that's pretty much really really
thing but you just pretty much get a
kanahani like this it says Juanita's you
can get the store-brand whatever you
guys have at your store and what you're
gonna do is drive a like I so I'm doing
everything one-handed so we're gonna put
this bad boy in there fly telegin
without splashing yourself so your pants
should be empty like that and then I'm
going to the next one what's up do you
again now with your big spoon this is
gonna boil no this is why I said you're
not supposed to use so much water and
add water a little bit too for it so
that because the hominy doesn't make the
water rise but if you want more if golly
we'll go ahead and add more now and come
and stir it around and I'm gonna go
ahead and I'm gonna add a can of chili
sauce now hold on little lettuce so
using this kind of enchilada sauce
you're gonna go ahead and pour the cam
in you're gonna use two of these big-ass
cans
it doesn't matter what brand you use go
ahead and make sure it's all coming up
no tomato sauce I said enchilada sauce
you guys you guys can use a mix of a
mild and extra Conte there you can use
extra high you can use two miles it
doesn't matter depends on your spice
level I hate this is so daunting and
boring to do not cooking but like
shaking the can making sure everything
comes out so I use el pato
salsa and Sheila para enchiladas or you
guys could use Las Palmas I'm tellin
y'all but I'm showing them how to do it
the lazy way today mom
you hear that guys we really don't cook
this way this is just half-ass cuz we
was just filming it he's a punishment he
broke the entire chain so now your stuff
should look like this but Lionel so you
guys can have a better picture of what
this is so we're gonna let this boil for
a minute just stir this out and you guys
want to add salt during this time don't
do it you're probably like probably
trying to like be tempted to taste this
and be like let me taste it to see if it
needs salt don't do it and let me tell
you why because when you boil this cuz
the meats already soft the hominy has to
absorb the flavor and kind of cook down
you're gonna go ahead and you're gonna
get some of this broth in the hominy and
you're gonna blend it and I'm gonna show
you why we do that in just a second this
is where we get to add spice in what
what it needs but we're gonna come back
in a few and so you can see okay welcome
back so now you're um most all the pot
should look like this after it's been
boiled for a little bit and your harmony
should be a little bit soft so this is
maybe about a half an hour after me
dumping it in the pot so what I'm gonna
do is instead of getting me some meat
you're gonna get like a spoonful like
this full harmony doesn't matter if you
have a little piece of meat in there put
it in the blender
I'm add like a few
add a few ladles of the soup I'm gonna
say about three or four it'll be ready
in a second okay baby mommy's gonna make
it good so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna get some more of this and now
we're gonna walk excuse me baby smile so
you have this change my nut bait okay go
over there guys cuz mom's in a blender
so I want to kind of like release the
air but it's too hot
change my nappy
okay so you know you guys got me saying
that [ __ ] I don't want to say it so I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna put a towel here
or something cuz without the pressure of
all the heat it's gonna cause us to pop
and splatter so what we're gonna do is
Abby here I need your help don't drop it
so we're gonna hold it like this and
we're gonna blend it mommy what do you
do you don't need a division and
okay so now when you blend the harmony
in the juice from the pasola should look
like this
see I'm telling you I can't do with one
hand so now I'm gonna do this I have her
finger needs salt so we're gonna put
salt in there put a shitload of salt
because I can't taste it and now we're
gonna put some garlic salt in there I've
got a little bit of garlic so I thought
and how many but a little bit okay now
after blending it okay hi Abby
so after blending it it should look like
this and you're gonna pour it in there
mama but this will taste good and let me
tell you why I read things that doesn't
taste good let me tell you why do we do
this this is to make the pasola thicker
and then I'll make the color of the post
a little bit lighter so I already
blended a few schools
[Music]
hey you guys stuck around this long
whoop Congrats so after you chop your
vegetables or when you're in the process
you should be hearing your pot boil like
this that means it's almost done
so you're gonna have a little bit of
this right here this long here just kind
of scoop it out and your little plate
like I told you use a cup a mug whatever
you guys want to use it's up to you make
sure you don't have any juice that is
just the foam
don't wanna do a rinky-dinky toy but
Potamus for me to enjoy see that's all
the grease
so you kind of see the bra so this is
what it should look like
[Music]
[Music]
you
this is the outcome guys mom and pops
are gonna eat they don't want to be on
camera and that's fine they didn't want
to sign my own my waivers to be featured
if I put them on I should blur their
faces I want now to be hella funny okay
guys we're gonna see what do you think
and of course you gotta have thought
about the elements in a thing of salt on
them because you know nothing's ever too
salty for Mexicans are too spicy who
does that I keep on adding then if you
choose to have Whoopi as you can go
stylize or put the edge shapes which are
pretty good then you have your captors
like I showed you guys how to slice and
of course you guys didn't need to see me
cutting a line and then of course this
is Abby's little Bowl so you always got
to keep the kids by my side wait for it
to cool down let's see I'm not gonna
show you their face but they're gonna
see their hands and it's going shut up
mom she goes moving it come on tell me
what you think of course all right guys
this is Sunday lunch dinner Monday
dinner Monday lunch Monday breakfast
until the whole pot is gone I hope that
you guys liked and thank you guys for
watching and enjoying my video of my
crazy ass making lazy ass for so late on
a Sunday please don't forget to comment
like him subscribe and let me know in
the comments if you guys have any
questions or any thoughts on my next
video until then you guys have a good
one tickety-boo bye say bye guys
say bye pops say bye you okay