hi everyone share here today I have kind
of an exciting video that I'd like to
share with you
last summer around this time actually I
put up a video showing how I make my
yummy yummy vanilla ice cream in my
kitchen a ice cream maker and that video
was actually very well received I
couldn't believe how many views that
actually got and how many awesome
awesome comments were left and so many
questions were asked it was it was great
and I really appreciated all the all the
interest in that video so today actually
I'm gonna be doing kind of like an
experiment because just very recently I
had someone asked me if I had ever made
a non-dairy option of ice cream and my
KitchenAid maker and I have not and a
kind of little lightbulb went off
because I'm like why have I never
thought to do that because I myself
actually I'm lactose intolerant I do
have the occasional ice cream regular
ice cream you know yogurt and things
like that I am able to get away with
eating a little bit of it but I do I
tell that it definitely does not agree
with me and I know many people out there
have the same issue and so I myself have
actually been drinking of this cashew
milk from silk for many years now and I
absolutely love it it is so tasty and
the cow there's like in this particular
one that I get I get this one that's
2025 calories per cup you can also get
it with a vanilla flavor and sometimes
that one's hard to find so this one
doesn't have it in but like I say
sometimes I can I can manage to find
that one and I just absolutely love this
I make myself a latte with this every
single morning I will also have it on my
cereal or I'll have it with my oatmeal
it is amazing amazing product I
absolutely love it I'm so glad that I
stumbled upon I have tried
almond milk and different you know other
soy milk since things like that I do not
like them they have a really I don't
know I just do not like the taste and
the aftertaste that they have and but
this silky and it says right on your
creamy cashew and it really is very
creamy so I'm thinking why not try to
make some ice cream out of this you know
I really don't know how I have no idea
how this is going to turn out I have
huge huge high hopes for this because
what a game-changer this will be if it
actually works so I wanted to do a
little comparison actually as far as
calories go and fat content go with the
you know with making ice cream with this
cashew milk as opposed to making it with
heavy cream so I kind of have a little
calculation here that I did today I'm
going to be using three cups of cashew
milk so I'm going to compare three cups
of whipping cream to 3 cups of cashew
milk at night you will be blown away by
the difference in calories alone so one
cup but like I was saying that the
cashew milk only has 25 calories one cup
of heavy cream has 821 calories just for
one cup so holy moly so when you start
doing the math on this particular batch
that I'm gonna make today I only put 1/2
a cup of sugar and I put 1 tablespoon
ish vanilla just to give it a little bit
more flavor so 1/2 a cup of sugar has
387 calories so when you add everything
up with the three cups of cashew milk
and you compare it with the 3 cups of
whipping cream and in the sugar for a
whole container which of course we're
not going to sit down at an old
container but just to give you an idea
the difference 462 calories with the
cashew milk and two thousand eight
hundred and fifty calories if you were
to make it with the heavy whipping cream
so like I said I have really really high
hopes this is gonna turn out but I
really have no idea when it's gonna be
like so I thought I just got I would
bring you guys along on this little
journey with me so please stay tuned and
we'll see how this turns out so here I
have my special KitchenAid ice cream
making bowl I've just taken this out of
my deep freeze and this is how I keep it
in there all the time I just have it
wrapped up in this this clean garbage
bag basically and this way it keeps it
nice and clean there's no crumbs or
anything that go in there and whenever I
want to make fresh homemade ice cream
this is cold it's clean it's ready to go
and all I gotta do is just pull it up a
deep reason away we go so this is what
the bowl itself looks like you can see
that it is super cold it's frozen and
that's what you want you need this to be
very very very chilled and so I'm just
gonna go ahead and place this right
onto my KitchenAid stand and kind of
lock it into place now the bowl actually
comes with the little ice-cream paddle
which is what you're going to put down
inside here like this and it comes with
this little attachment here that's going
to attach to the little paddle and make
the powder go around so all you have to
do is just give it a little push there's
little magnets inside here that will
actually stick right on to your motor of
your little a KitchenAid here and that's
basically all you have to do as far as
getting the ice cream bowl ready now I'm
gonna just show you the mixture so here
I have three cups of cashew milk I have
1/2 a cup of white sugar and about a
tablespoon of vanilla and I have had
this in the fridge I mix it up really
well and I've had it sitting in the
fridge for I don't know an hour so
because I wanted to make sure it was
really really cold and I want to also
make sure that they all the sugar was
dissolved and everything inside the
cashew milk so now basically I'm gonna
do is I'm just gonna turn the machine on
you want to get it going before you
start putting your whatever it is you're
gonna use to make your ice cream so you
just want to lower this down fine line
up the little ears I'm going to lock
this into place and I'm going to turn it
on to low sorry it's gonna be a little
noisy here but you want to get this
going
and then I'm just going to slow leave
for my next year Ian
oh I hope this works I'm sooo excited
this will either be a real fail or a
real score I don't know my hopes for
this so this is gonna take about
probably 15 minutes or so
I don't usually ever really time it I
can just tell when it's ready oh this in
here I'm gonna let this just turn away
like I say for about 15 minutes so when
we come back hopefully we will have some
amazing creamy yummy cashew now fingers
crossed everybody so turning away here
for about five minutes and my initial
thoughts on this ice cream look all that
appetizing to be honest with you let it
continue to churn and hopefully it will
taste good you know I don't really care
what it looks like
as long as it tastes good right that's
what really matters so I will check back
with you again in about another 10
minutes or so and hopefully we will have
a good results here here we go this has
been churning away now I think it's
ready to taste us okay like I said I
have such high hopes for this I really
really hope this tastes good so the
consistency you can tell it almost looks
like cookie dough coming out of here
like it's not creamy it's not like your
typical ice cream um if you go back and
watch my other video where I made the
vanilla with full fat which I'll
actually link that video and so you can
go check that one oh and if you like but
yeah it's not same consistency at all
which I didn't think it would be so
that's that's okay I'm
I'm okay with that so I'm just gonna go
ahead it's almost like a sherbert or a
sorbet or something like that like a
fresh fruit sorbet that's the kind of
consistency it kind of has cuz it's kind
of crystal e so there is my cashew milk
ice cream such as it is and I am gonna
go ahead and give this a taste test
alright here goes the test oh my gosh
okay it's not creamy but it is really
tasty like it you can taste a little bit
of the cashew nut it's definitely sweet
enough I wouldn't put any more than a
half a cup of sugar that's perfect and
I'm glad that I put the vanilla extract
in there as well it's actually really
good mm-hmm it's really good I'm very
impressed
so great option for anyone that is
looking for a non-dairy vegan friendly
lower much lower fat and calorie content
ice cream is it creamy no it's not it's
if that's what you're looking for this
is in the ice cream for you but it's
really yummy
definitely we'll be making this lots
over this summer now the ultimate test
for this ice cream if it's--if win or
fail is actually going to be whether or
not Megan likes that my daughter she
loves ice cream she could eat ice cream
every day and you know what if she
thinks that this day is pretty good that
will be definitely a win so I'm just
gonna go grab her and see what she
thinks of it so I just drugged Megan out
of her room you know typical teenager on
summer holidays yeah anyway I want her
to try this because yeah what do you
think it would just by looking at it
what do you think of it it looks like I
haven't even told her really what that
what I think of it but I want her to try
it so okay give it a try see what you
think of it
where you didn't really go it's good
isn't it
I know right it tastes just like ice
cream but it's not gonna soft or taste
like texture to it not iike like a
smooth it's like a softer it's almost
like a frozen fruit texture kind of it's
like a slushy sound like a slushy but
it's really good mm-hmm okay go back to
bed so there you have it everybody um
I say it was a total hit I will
definitely be making it again and for
those of you like I say that are vegan
lactose intolerant just trying to watch
a calorie of fat content what a perfect
alternative to regular ice cream so hope
you guys have found this informative and
until next time I'll catch it again
bye for now everybody