Hey
hi one of my favorite climbers the
wisteria back in the spring this had
long long chains probably 18 inches long
violet flowers hanging down in clusters
you can see where they were these are
the seed heads earlier on this year but
when I first started looking after this
plant for my client
it wasn't flowering at all and the
secret to getting wisterias to flower is
the way that you prune them very very
important that you prune them probably
twice a year once round about now middle
of summer and that August would be
perfect when it's put on all this long
lanky growth and all this growth here
it's so much leaf there's no chance of
that coming into a flower we need to cut
back this lanky growth back towards
where the old stem is to kind of shock
it into flower we prune it once now
around about August time middle of the
summer to roughly a four arms length
it's about five or six buds I'll show
you just now that's in the middle of the
summer and then in the middle of winter
that shoot that we've got which is about
a four in a four arms length we cut back
to about a four fingers length so just a
couple of buds and that little short
stump is what will produce the flower
I'll show you how we do it now
like I put the sunglasses on because
when I'm looking up at the sky and
actually give yourself a headache or
maybe even damage your eyes by looking
up the sky too long so here goes how do
I look I can't promise you they look as
good as this but some I can promise you
that if you prune your wisterias you'll
get them to flower so let me show you
what I mean now about these two types of
growth we've got an old stem there that
kind of brownie gray wood there which is
from a couple of years ago this spring
it produced this long lanky growth it
goes on about six seven foot I'm going
to count the bugs
we have got one two three four five six
there we go I'm going to cut it off just
there just in front of that bud and
that's fine
for the rest of the rest of the autumn
in the winter and then what we're going
to do in January wouldn't normally do
this until then you can imagine in
January this would have dropped all its
leaves and you'll have lots of these
kind of I don't know two or three foot
long stems that you've cut back we're
going to cut them back just to a couple
of buds one two there's a bad there so
let's just cut that back now so that's
what you're gonna be left with in
January and we would hope then that
those little stumps will produce lots of
lovely flowers next May if you're good
maybe I'll bring you back one have a
look