now when we're pressing plants and we
want the root to show and we want to be
able to identify it we're going to plant
we're going to put it in the press this
way just as it is if it's a long plant
we're going to fold it in half so that
it fits on this
press and then we put a a bright paper
so we can label what's in there and then
on that we're going to place these
papers
we usually only need one paper and then
you're going to do another plant and
Mark
it and you can make your own press with
just plywood
newspapers and then cardboard in between
so that you can so you can press quite a
few then you will
need um a ladder strap I got these at
the
Army Surplus that's a good place to get
it or just so that it's a a
ladder Buckle so that you can pull it
tight and then strap it down and this
holds it you can make larger plant
presses or you can make them smaller but
I like this size you push that down and
in about one or two weeks they should be
dry and you can label them put them in
your book for identification