hey guys I'm Nisha homie and the welcome
back to my channel today I'm sharing an
oil free chicken salad recipe for weight
loss and weight management
it's tasty full of flavors filling and
will keep you fuller for a longer time
this oil-free chicken salad has healthy
fats and it can be had for lunch or for
dinner you can have it as a low-carb a
filling meal wrapped in lettuce
or you can wrap it with whole-wheat roti
as a filling meal option or as a filling
for sandwich and I'm sure the
whole-wheat roti wrap option would be an
ideal lunch to pack for students and
bachelors so we thought much ado let's
get started with a recipe I have 300
grams of boning chicken breast with the
fat removed and to marinate the chicken
I'm adding in 1/4 TSP black pepper
powder 1/4 TSP pink Himalayan salt
squeeze in half a lemon and mix well now
keep this aside for about 10 to 15
minutes or you can also keep this
overnight in the fridge the lemon juice
will make the chicken soft juicy and
tender after 15 minutes hit an iron
kadai or a pan and then add in the
chicken pieces add in little water just
enough to cook the chicken 5 to 6 garlic
cloves which I have sliced into half
this garlic cloves will give a nice
garlicky flavor to the chicken cover and
cook the chicken on low to medium flame
after about a minute or two turn the
chicken over and then cover and allow
the chicken to cook once the chicken is
cooked lightly roast the chicken on the
iron tower for about a minute and then
turn off the heat and allow the chicken
to cool down while the chicken is
cooling down let's get the other
ingredients ready I'm chopping a handful
of spring onion and keeping it as I'd
chop finely 3 romaine lettuce leaves
keep this aside chop half of a red
capsicum you can use any variety of
capsicum and keep this aside I have 2
small apples you can use one big apple
instead keep the chopped apple aside and
lastly chopped 1 medium sized onion and
1 medium sized koo kumba now let's get
the chicken ready first chop the garlic
cloves
you can also mash them with a knife and
transfer it to another ball and keep it
aside
slice the cooked chicken and then cut it
into small cubes and keep it aside into
a bowl add in the chopped capsicum
apples romaine lettuce leaves spring
onion and the chopped onion now into the
bowl add in 1 cup of chopped garlic
flavored chicken cubes 1 cup of chopped
koo kumba and keep this aside now let's
make an oil-free healthy dressing for
the salad I have already added the
chopped and
garlic cloves in a bowl this will give a
light garlic flavor to the dressing into
that I'm adding in one cup of thick
homemade curd you can also use Greek
yogurt instead into that add in 1/2
teaspoon pink Himalayan salt and 1 green
chilly finely chopped a fact inge of
black pepper and they give this all a
mix and in 1 tablespoon apple cider
vinegar make sure you're using apple
cider vinegar which has the mother and
mix everything very well and your salad
dressing is ready pour the dressing in
to the salad and mix well the raw
veggies will give a nice crunch and
flavor to the salad for a subtle
sweetness to balance all the flavors I'm
adding in 1 tbsp raisins other options
for raisins are a handful of fresh
grapes
sliced into half 1 or 2 tbsp of
pomegranate seeds or 1 tbsp honey now
for the much-needed healthy fats I'm
adding in 3 tbsp of crushed roasted and
salted peanuts other options are walnuts
roasted and sliced bottom or even cashew
nuts for an added healthy fats add in 1
tbsp roasted sesame seeds give this all
a nice mix and my oil-free colorful
vibrant and filling chicken salad is
almost ready
the peanuts gives a nice crunch to the
salad transfer the healthy chicken salad
to another ball and it's ready to serve
you can serve the salad on an iceberg
lettuce leaf as a low carb filling meal
for lunch or dinner in your weight loss
journey
if you're a student or a bachelor and
does not mind some whole-grain carbs in
your meals then you can serve it wrapped
in whole-wheat roti or multigrain
gluten-free roti this is a healthy
oil-free filling lunch idea for college
goers plus the iceberg lettuce will
prevent the roti from getting wet and
soggy you can also have this lettuce
wrapped salad as a filling for sandwich
so guys do try this filling oil fries
chicken salad and let me know in the
comments how you like your salad to be
served a wrapped in lettuce be wrapped
in whole-wheat roti C as a filling for
sandwich if you like to see more such
healthy recipes please give a thumbs up
and if you're new to my channel please
click the subscribe button so that you
can stay updated when I post new videos
thank you for watching and until next
time take care bye bye