hi I'm Lorraine I live in the West
Midlands with my two young sons and my
partner today I'm going to be showing
you how to remove grass stains from
clothing grass stains are one of those
things that um people would normally
give up on and just throw the garments
away but I'm very much into using
household items to be to get rid of
stains so grass stains got one right
here and there's only one simple
ingredient we're going to use to get rid
of the grass stain and that is hand
sanitizer okay we probably all got those
in our houses and we're going to Simply
squirt on directly onto the
stain the sooner you do stain removal
the better on any clothing really you
got more chance of removing it but we're
simply going to put
the alcohol rubbing alcohol hand
sanitizer onto the stain and then pop it
into your washing machine on a normal
wash um about 30Â° with normal washing
detergent and that grass Ste will be
removed and yesterday I had to go made a
grass
stain rubbing alcohol I left it soaking
for a few minutes popped it into the
washer machine and you will see no grass
stain
[Music]