hey guys so today after you guys the
super easy Medusa inspired Halloween
makeup tutorial and it's super easy so
let's go ahead and get started so first
of all yes I am wearing a shirt so don't
think I'm naked I'm gonna prime my face
using the NYX angel veil face primer and
I'm doing this because if we're gonna do
some face paint on our faces I want to
make sure that my face is nice and
smooth for that on to the liquid face
makeup I'm using this Moran liquid
makeup in the black and a white shade
and I'm just gonna mix these two to get
a nice really really light gray shade
now this step is completely optional if
you don't have it you can definitely use
a foundation that's maybe like three
shades lighter than you just to get that
really ghostly appearance but I really
wanted to use this face paint or like
liquid makeup because I feel like it
gives it a really ghosty kind of
stone-like look and again I'm just gonna
simple that all over my face and kind of
blend that out and I got these liquid
makeup from Amazon which was super cheap
and got here super quick so you're in
the last minute I'm Halloween correct
definitely go to Amazon and I'm also
going to be blending that down to my
neck and as I go onto my chest and my
shoulders I'm going to get really really
sparse with the color because I don't
want to paint my whole body I wanted to
gradiate out so that way I don't have to
like literally paint my whole hand in my
chest and whatever so as I go down from
the neck I'm just gonna simple much
lighter around the chest and the arm
area just to kind of diffuse it a little
bit now I'm going to fill in my brows
and I'm just using a kind of brownish
dark green shade and a more bright Brent
bright bright vibrant a green shade and
kind of mixing those two and kind of
filling in my brows and the eyeshadow
palette that I'm using today for the
entire look mostly is the BH Cosmetics
88 matte eyeshadow palette and yeah I'm
just gonna go in and fill in my brows
next I'm taking this lime green shade
and I'm gonna use that to kind of put
that in the crease of my eyes and then
as I'm doing that I'm also gonna drag it
out to kind of make it really dramatic
so yeah I'm just gonna use a fluffy
blending brush and I'm just gonna apply
that and then just again dragging it out
and then mixing you know all of these
cream shadows here I don't know I'm just
mixing colors here I'm gonna intensify
that look and just do the same thing and
if you notice as I'm blending the colors
on my crease I'm also kind of putting it
on
my cheekbones and that's just really to
kind of diffuse it all out I'm trying to
go for a really green skin tone so yeah
I'm just gonna keep applying that green
color around the temples and also on the
top of my cheeks now taking a dark brown
color and also a dark green color and
one mix those two together and I'm going
to apply that color under my waterline
and that's just to give my eyes a really
muddy look like a snake wood and so I'm
gonna do that and also drag it out
towards the end almost like a
upside-down wing I guess you could call
it and I'm also gonna apply that color
on my lips and then adding some green
into there to make sure that the green
again is more vibrant so I'm just gonna
blend those colors in and now using the
dark green in a more lighter green I'm
just gonna again mixing colors I'm gonna
do some contouring so I'm gonna start
with that color so that the green is
really really vibrant I'm gonna just you
know do my contour lines right under my
cheekbones and then I'm going to blend
all of that out and of course can't
forget the nose I'm gonna contour my
nose with the same green combination
and next I'm going to take a really
bright yellow eyeshadow and I'm just
gonna pop that on top of my cheat and
then gonna take that color up to around
my forehead and then go around the chin
so I'm gonna do all of that and you'll
see here that I'm just kind of really
playing around with blending of the
colors now there is no right or wrong
here about how you put the colors how
you blend your colors what colors you
want to use you know it's it's all up to
your perception of what you think Medusa
looks like and this was mine so
definitely play around with the colors
you don't have to do exactly what I have
to do but kind of use it as a guideline
and I'm also dragging that yellow around
my neck you know just to give my skin
that sneaky look and again adding more
yellow to the contours of my face and
blending all that out and now I'm gonna
take a little darker Brown and green
shade just intensify that contour and
again blending that out and then I'm
going to do a super super dramatic
winged eyeliner as you can see here is a
pretty long wing like I could probably
fly away with the damn wing and then I'm
gonna drag that also onto the lower lash
line but only keeping it on the outer
corner because I want this to look
really really really really snaky and
kind of Cadi looking and once I'm done
with that I'm going to take that brown
and green eyeshadow make sure and kind
of go over the eyeliner because I don't
want the eyeliner to look like I have
eyeliner I'm gonna make it super super
muddy looking and dirty so that's what
I'm putting the Isetta over it and then
I'm going to apply some falsies I'm
using these super dramatic lashes and
they're super long like the lash itself
is really long in the band and I'm gonna
keep it exactly that way because I'm
going to actually tape the corners of
the extra eyelash towards the wing
creating a really kind of snaky really
really kind of dramatic eye look and I
realized I said tape my eyelashes but I
meant you know glue them with eyelash
glue don't take them that yeah you know
what I mean all right so now I'm gonna
move on to again that kind of lime green
color and apply that on my inner corners
and then kind of blend that out and into
my inner half of my lower lash line
now on to the fun part
the scales I'm using this gold pigment
by Maybelline fit what my brush before
dipping it into the pigment to get a
more intense and metallic look and I'm
just going to tap that over that little
mesh that I have over my face you can
use fishnet stockings for this the whole
idea is you know you're creating these
little dots on your face that look like
um you know snakes again um the really
good tip that you need to follow here is
don't move your fishnet because then
once you move it and you're out of
position and you go over it with the
shadows it's going to look really muddy
so make sure you just stay in position
until you're done with that section I'm
also adding some greens to kind of
gradiate it and make it look a little
bit more natural or not so harsh so yeah
this is what it looks like and I thought
it was really cool and I'm just going to
go ahead and do that all over my
forehead you know on some around my chin
again this is up to you ever you want to
do it but the scaly or you look you know
the more snaky you look so I just went
ahead and did all of that then I'm gonna
go back into that um gold pigment and
use it as my highlighter so I'm going on
top of my Cupid Bowl or like you know
right on top of my lip on the top of my
nose you know under my brow bone around
my brows and kind of just highlight
where I would normally highlight with
normal highlighter and I'm doing that
just so that I can get a really Sheen
look to the skin and then I decided to
add some you know blackened skills so
I'm using the same mesh and adding some
black eyeshadow and I just feel like it
makes it look a little bit crunchier and
then I also decided to add some black
around my forehead just to kind of you
know tie it all in with the black around
my cheeks now onto the lips I'm using
this super dark teal liquid lipstick
from colour-pop and this is mr. M I
believe it's called and I really really
love it because it's like the perfect
dark green shade for my lips so yeah I'm
just go ahead and apply that and then
once I'm done with that I decided to add
some of the gold pigment onto my lips
before the liquid lipstick I'm
completely dried and that gave my lips a
really cool kind of sheen effect then I
went ahead and put on some great contact
lenses and these are the Salonika
natural colours in quartz I'll link it
below for you guys but I got these from
intercom and these really to tie the
look together and then I decided to add
some more of that gold pigment and I'm
just you know putting this sparingly not
in any particular place and kind of
leaving some spaces without the gold
shimmer just to give it more you know
dimension and now I'm just going back
and adding in some more green onto my
lids and then just going back with you
know all the green shades and touching
up where I need to adding more green
adding more Brown and kind of playing
around the colors until I'm happy with
the final result and that's exactly what
I'm just doing and I'm just gonna add
some of the goal to pigment onto my neck
on my shoulders in my chest and just
sparingly add that in and now onto the
wig I got this really rich looking wig
from Amazon it was like 13 dollars I
think it was super cheap and I got here
super quick because I have a prime
account so it got here like two days but
anyways I thought this was like the
perfect wake and I also got this little
Medusa snake headpiece that was like
also like 10 or 12 bucks I can't
remember I'll link it all below for you
guys because I thought it was the
perfect headpiece and now I'm just gonna
add some green eyeshadow all over my
hand and my fingers to make my fingers
and my hands look really dungey and
green so i'm just like adding colors and
like putting green all over me and once
I'm done with that that's pretty much it
that is it for this look and this is the
final Medusa inspired Halloween look I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
this is my first like creepy looking
Halloween tutorial so if you guys did
enjoy it and want some more in the
future please make sure to give this
video a big thumbs up and thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe I hope you guys have a safe
and a happy Halloween and yeah that is
it for today I will see you guys next
week for a brand new video I love you
guys and yeah I'll see you guys in my
next video bye