[Music]
hi welcome back to my cocktail video
series today I'm going to be mixing up a
twist on the classic whiskey sour and
amaretto sour so first I want to start
with my cocktail shaker and grab an egg
we want to separate the egg white from
the yolk and I'm gonna use about half an
egg white in this one normally I take
three cocktails of one so I throw the
whole egg white in and I'm going to add
a single ice cube to my cocktail shaker
which is just going to help the
stainless steel contracts put an ounce
of light silk and I'm going to give it a
good shake just almost apply the egg
white and now we can move on to the
adding the rest of our ingredients so
the secret is making a really good
amaretto sour it's just between your
touch the touch of whisk in some of the
15 mils and forty five mils of amaretto
[Music]
and next up 30 mils of fresh lemon juice
[Music]
and there's quite a lot of sugar content
in that burrito so I'm only going to add
that 10 mils of people deserve this
recipe makes an amazing embrace our our
first story in the Jeffrey / Morgan
whole bar book thank you it just doesn't
give it too much sweetness by having a
full 60 mils of their murder and I'm
going to add ice to the cocktail shaker
[Music]
and give it another shake going to fill
my double old-fashioned glasses off and
then give this right
[Music]
hey the garnish I'm going to give it a
nice twist and a couple drops of bitters
[Music]
and they have an amaretto sour
[Music]
[Music]