this right here is called Furniture Fix
You Might SE it on
TV it's a really handy little thing that
helps you to fix like a sagging chair
one box this is uh this is what comes in
one box six panels and it's about big
enough to cover one large cushion one
chair or um like one sitting chair and
if you need more you can just uh get
more more boxes and they all
interconnect so you can you can use this
for anything my girlfriend used this to
fix her futon she
had the she had issues because she felt
like she could feel the poles underneath
her futon so she bought like six boxes
of these and put this on top of the
Rails under her futon and so it lifted
it up and made it more like a sturdy
mattress for and it was way more
comfortable so you could use this a lot
of different ways
um I just wanted to show you what they
look like how many come in a box
and how they come together cuz they
really easy okay these are these are all
individual panels as you can see you can
you can set them any kind of a way to to
to cover more area if you'd like wider
or shorter
um
and they just they have a a smaller side
and a larger side and each side has a a
slit in it a slit opening and that's
because they fit together you take the
smaller piece and make sure that you put
the flat side up and there's a you'll
you'll know the difference because one
side's got raised ridges and the other
side's flat and then you just set the
smaller piece into the larger
piece like
this flip it
through and then there you have it's
together so um this this particular
chair in here is the one that sat on the
most in our house and so it's the most
sagged and that's the actual the reason
why I got this after I saw my girlfriend
using it so I was like well great maybe
it's going to work for our couch and it
it's done a pretty good job so all you
do is put it together and you put it
underneath your
cushion okay and
then that's it and when you sit on it it
doesn't sag as much so it's much
better it's much better I think and I
think it does a good job like I said you
it comes with six panels so if you have
a large chair or a love seat something
with two cushions or a couch you might
need to get three or four boxes but for
the price compared to the price of new
furniture I think it's definitely worth
it I think it's does what it says it's
pretty sturdy and you can use it for a
lot of different different things even
outside furniture inside furniture the
futon like I said a chair all kinds of
stuff so if you having a staging chair
and you don't want to get a new one this
is probably a very good option to try
does it really work.org real reviews
real answers