[Music]
if you are still watching guys I think
it means you like the look at this build
with paint without it this is log cabin
number two
my name is unite the clans what is going
on guys back in your life with another
building tutorial here on the island and
sit back relax guys this is log cabin
number two if you haven't seen the first
check the cards or the end card we're at
sixty one point five 34.1 this is the
Redwood Lake one of the best spots on
the map we're going to be starting right
here on this foundation take a look
inside this bird pause if you need to
those are our materials I'll slap it in
the comments as well dive into the
spring guys we're starting this off with
a 2 by 7 foundation and there you go two
by seven now we're going to add on to
the front of this guy's a little bit two
on each side like you're at and now
that's your final look for two by seven
with those two little additions on the
front and now we get to dive into the
paint scheme so I want to show you what
this looks like done unpainted so I
built this little apparatus over here
like people used to do for Minecraft and
I'm going to show you what the paint
scheme looks like as we go so if you
like the paint job I showed you in the
intro grab some brown paint and spray
all six regions are your foundations and
it's going to come out looking like that
so for every part of this build guys
we're going to step back here we're
going to paint a little bit of it and
then you'll get to see what it looks
like unpainted at the end and then I can
go paint it and show you what it looks
like painted okay so we're diving back
in and these are our front porch you're
going to need three wooden ceilings to
come across here guys and this is a good
time to do the shout out of the video
this is the newest thing I do the way my
patreon is set up I mentioned in a video
anybody who supports me and I'm working
my way through the list and today's
shout-out Coldfire son he is a patron
plays from the geek server just want to
say thanks man if you guys are
interested check the link in the
that's the last I'll talk about it let's
get back to the build so we're going to
be doing inside out wooden walls which
means on these inside corners you might
have a gap where you can see through so
we're going to go ahead and put fence
foundations down just on the inside of
the wood and we're going to do one each
on the front of this porch four pillars
as well and I try and find the inside
snap point it's particularly difficult
at times depending on where you are so
you can see this one's trying to pop all
over the place so I'll hop on top
usually I find the spot there it is come
on come on
there you go all right and now stone
pillars guys you're going to want to put
one on the inside corner of your front
porch like that we're going to do the
same thing on the other side and when
you're painting these you're going to
paint them Brown as well at all
whatever six regions of the pillar every
side so you don't want them there in
there these ones will eventually go to
high and on the front we're going to do
a one high pillar here and here these
are going to frame your front entrance
so this is the way in and out to build
take a look at what we got right there
guys lay your foundations and your
pillars in so if your front step is too
high like - here guys you can slap in a
ramp and then them even want wooden
railings so whatever thought my hotbar
now is a lot of the upcoming parts of
the bill we can take a look yeah get
wooden railings here on either side and
that's gonna like I said frame your
entrance so when it comes to painting
guys the wooden railings the wooden
ceilings all of that remains unpainted
but the pillars like I said go brown on
all six regions alright so back to the
unpainted version of the build and we're
going to start with our walls guys
you're going to want a door frame first
and where you don't have the fence
foundation along this row go ahead and
place it inside out now when it comes to
placing the ones where you do have the
fence foundation you know have a whole
new set of snap points so you might get
that you might get this little gap
that's what I would like to do is here
we'll go ahead and put it in flip it and
then walk as close to the front if you
can to look at your feet and then you
should be able to snap it like I did
there I will do the same thing on this
side with another window frame
perfect now we're going to be
recapturing a look that I used on log
cabin number one which like I said I
will link to you guys in the description
maybe at the top of it we're going to do
window frames or door frames excuse me
right on top of these window frames
before you do I almost forgot go ahead
and put your stone pillars up another
level on the corner here and then yeah
we're going to do a door frame above the
window frame to look like a slightly
different sized window you'll see what
it looks like when we get deeper into
the bell guys but that is the rough
concepts for the front all right now to
frame in the sides of the front porch
just use standard wooden walls you're
going to look at the stone foundation
and flip them inside out so you get that
look now if we hadn't put the pillars on
the corner you would be able to see
through these corners into the inside of
the house right now so that's the main
reason you're going to do that all right
we should be looking a little something
like that I do want to show you guys how
to continue the walls here so we're
going to have multiple peaks on this
house and the first one is going to be
right here so for this bottom layer I do
solid wood walls because if you want to
have a two-story building you could hide
some storage down here and up top you
could do a bedroom and so we're doing
the windows right above it looks
particularly good on the other side and
make sure all of these are inside out
and put a peak on the top we're going to
go do the same thing right here on this
side perfect now we're going to add one
right here at the long end the narrow
end of our original 2 by 14 do the same
thing inside out walls on the bottom
inside a window frames on top and add a
point like so and go do that on this end
we have a couple little gaps here and
here in between the arches the arched
sides and we need to fill them in with
wood walls basically match what you did
on the porch side like that and then we
get to move on to the back perfect
alright for the back guys you're going
to want to alternate window frames so
every other spot is a window frame
you're going to end up with four of them
across the back if you start on the
outside edge like progress come on there
we go so you'll end up with four and
spaces in between
all of them on top of the window frames
go ahead and do more of the door frames
we're going to end up putting greenhouse
windows and doors in here to look like a
two-story window and I think it's going
to come out with some pretty good so
that's what you should look like with
all your door frames in place go ahead
and slap walls everywhere else so if you
guys find this useful
if you do this build in your world I
would love if you could share it out I
do these kind of build for you geeky
people like me and you can have better
looking houses in arc should be looking
like that guys
yeah share it out if you like it and
then finally we're going to take a look
at the paint schemes in would number one
region number one was cantaloupes now
this is going to look a little weird but
the idea is to capture the prime look a
lot of cabinet often has this yellowy
orange look to the outside of the wood
so that's what we're going for here is
your point painting paint along those
region one and that does it guys go
ahead take a break and we're going to
come back in the second half to finish
this build so welcome back geek yeah
house should be looking a heck of a lot
like this if you've played along so far
if you're painting it it's going to look
good as well
does if you build this in your world
make sure you tweet at me at unite the
clans on Twitter I would love to see
your version of this thing so that's
what we're looking at right now and time
to get on to the roof so because we have
multiple arches on this place guys we're
going to get a unique look for our roof
we're going to routes intersected to
make this easier I'm going to fly
use of slide command I'm going to show
you what why this is going to look like
so I on the outside when you have two
peaks like this the house ends up
looking amazing especially if you use
stone rubes they seem to just merge
together beautifully so if you fly
underneath it it's going to look like in
fact and if you're cool with that don't
worry about this next step but if you do
want to hide that if you don't like the
way that looks I'm going to show you how
to hide it and you'll be adding a little
architectural detail in the process so
grab those stones see wings now because
we've dope inside our walls we have a
million snap points a million and so you
want to find the one that sticks out the
front about like this and it's actually
going to frame the bottom of that
triangle of the a frame of the house and
then if you do it right it should not
stick out on the left now when we come
over
to this side you can't snap to the one
you already have in place because it's
not going to go where it wants to go
come to this corner and do the exact
same thing try and make sure the ceiling
sticks out through the bottom of the
triangle of the a-frame and now we're
going to fill in these gaps ideally you
want nothing sticking out the back so go
ahead and place these in guys you may
end up with them not lining up quite
right you want this side to line up so
you can put these triangles on and then
if you're still sticking out on this end
here you can try and rotate around see
if you can find the right to that point
I can't no okay so we now have to placed
on top of each other here I think
perfectly if I were to destroy the other
one we would lose our little triangle
wall so instead I'm going to go ahead
and place a ceiling on the other side of
it here and with that one in place it
should support it we should be able to
break this and put it back in a proper
position so it's not sticking out too
far on the back see if I can do it there
you go that's what it should be looking
like you can now take this one out and
that is the finished product you are
going to get this little bit they can
help the don't worry so that's how we're
looking guys you want to take this
process and repeat it over on the other
half of the house and there you go with
both sides done it should be looking
like this a little hard to get the
camera in the right place before we do
any more guys let's slap in a couple
chimneys no good log cabin is complete
without a rolling fire so we're going to
Center this and it's going to be super
easy because we just place it between
those two windows back it on up to the
wall until the wood just sticks through
but take a half a step back and snap it
right there in the middle so that is
that go ahead and put one on this side
too but you can put them anywhere you
like guys this house is designed to have
half a dozen places for chimneys so show
me where you end up installing them on
your version and now we move on to the
paint job guys take a look at what we're
going to do for the places we the pieces
that we just installed so come over here
and your stone ceilings paint one
through six every region Brown the same
as you did for the foundations and for
the pillars they're going to come out
looking like that you know have these
little triangle pieces same deal and if
you didn't know you can paint a chimney
so this one is up to you it looks good
as is but I'm slapping it with brown
paint all six regions let me know what
you think
and there we go guys we are going to
begin placing in our slope groups I had
so much trouble doing it on the other
side that I'm going to try and do this
side with you now the reason that you
begin to have trouble is because we have
so many snap points and sometimes when
you're doing the intersecting ceilings
they can only work one way I could only
place that one then that one not the
other way around but if you do it in the
fashion I'm doing whether you're flying
or standing on the back of a triceratops
or something you guys should be able to
do this so you may end up with weird
snap points like that so when you have
your leads on the front of the house you
want the two stone edges to line up and
I can't seem to do that here so instead
I think what we're going to do is
actually push it to the further out snap
point and then we'll come back around to
the corner here break this one out and
change its snap point too so what it
comes to the roof guys I'm taking the
time to show it to you how to do it
because it's going to be tricky and I
know I'm going to get comments going how
do you get your roof to line up so you
just have to work at it guys this is arc
and it's never going to be easy but this
is what your roof should be looking like
there you go beautiful and guys this is
the house with most of the roof done
those are what the two sides look like
they were a challenge so take your time
with them and if you have in trouble
just get it looking at best you can try
and keep things lined up but this is the
final step so it's not the worst thing
in the world if it doesn't so we're
going to finish this off with stone
sloped roof across the back you can once
again see we're having snap point issues
where things won't line up so I'm going
to go ahead and take these two out and
we'll see if we can line them up with
the rest of the roof like that and like
that perfect so you now have a straight
clean line and around to the front of
the house we're going to do the exact
same thing one two three roof beautiful
guys so I'm going to back up and take a
little bit of a look at that and that's
what your house is looking like if you
don't need a front porch leave it there
if you do want a front porch you can
take more of these sloped ceilings and
bring them down to cover this little
entrance area and it should intersect
beautifully with those stone pillars all
right so the sloped roof guys we've got
a unique color scheme region one is
going to be for a screen and that's the
outside of your roof
everything else around two three four
five and six and brown I'm getting so
close to the end of the bill I'm going
to get to go work on painting this whole
house soon but um I want to you guys to
see what it looks like totally naked
totally untainted before we get there so
onto the windows this is a final detail
and one that I really liked from Log
Cabin number one if you haven't seen
that build guide guys it'll be at the
top of the description but um
greenhouse window on top of greenhouse
window and you're going to paint the
entire thing green region one through
six with the same forest screen we're
doing on the roof
got to look like that alright guys so
the greenhouse windows are in place we
did those everywhere for the front porch
on the front porch we're going to do
something a little different
are you going to want a little privacy
so I think what we're going to do is
wood we're going to slap wooden windows
here and here and even though we did the
same style we're going to do the wooden
doors up top they're actually going to
blend right into the wall right here
guys do a glass door - a wooden door
whatever suits your fancy and so these
just paint region one in brown leave the
rest of the wood oh natural like we did
on the walls and that's the look you're
gonna end up with and guys I think that
doesn't I think that does it for this
this is log cabin build number two I
really hope you enjoyed guys if you
build this in your world send it to me
if you use no paint scheme if you use my
paint scheme if you use your own paint
scheme I want to see it unite the clans
on Twitter and guys at the end of the
video you're going to have a few options
click on the picture of my face to
subscribe if you like builds like this
sit back I'm going to be doing a lot
more and if this is the first you make
the clans build guide you have seen
click that dang playlist I think I've
got eight or nine of these things now
that does it for this one I'm unite the
clans thank you for watching blog cabin
build number two and I'll see you in the
next video
[Music]