hi guys today I wanted to share 10
habits to keeping your house clean I
have found that by doing certain things
on a regular basis they become habit and
they really don't take a whole lot of
effort or a whole lot of time or a
thought they just become habits and you
just do them and your house will stay
nice and clean so the first habit is to
make your bed every day I'm sure you've
heard this so many times
but it makes a huge difference in your
bedroom not only is the bed usually the
focal point and if it looks messy your
room looks messy but also with an unmade
bed you tend to leave other things messy
as well and it really only takes a
couple minutes to make your bed every
day and once you get into habit it's
just something you do and it really goes
by quickly habit number two is unload
your dishwasher every night before you
go to bed
because this looks so much nicer than
that this makes a huge difference in how
your kitchen will look if you unload
your dishwasher at night before you go
to bed when you wake up and you're
having coffee and you're having
breakfast you have an empty place to put
all of your dirty dishes and that way
they're not on the counter or other sink
and I know some people like to do it in
the morning but I think it's great to do
it at night before you go to bed because
when you get up say you're rushing and
you don't have time to unload the
dishwasher all of those dirty dishes
have to go in the sink or on the
countertop and that will just make your
kitchen look messy um so I think it's a
great habit to get into put your dishes
in the dishwasher throughout the day
teach your kids to do so and then I
always run my dishwasher right after
dinner and unload it before we go to bed
and that way you can just put all of our
dishes in throughout the day action
isn't messy habit number three is do one
load of laundry every day
I think this is another great habit to
get into and that way the laundry won't
build up it really doesn't feel like you
have to do a whole lot of laundry when
you just do one load of laundry a day
you can just throw it in go about
whatever else you have to do throw it in
a dryer fold it put it away and you are
done it doesn't have to take all day if
you have just mountains of laundry that
can end up being four to five loads you
obviously have to be around to do all of
that laundry or you might leave it in
the washer and go somewhere and then
forget about it and it's just a great
habit to get into and that way you're
never in one of the situations where no
one has any clean socks or mountains of
laundry of fold mountains the laundry to
wash and everything if you just do one
load of laundry day it really doesn't
feel like you're doing a whole lot of
laundry habit number four is to wipe
down your bathroom on a daily basis
this only has to take two to three
minutes unless you have a really large
bathroom and then it might take a couple
more minutes but not a long time at all
so once you're once you're done getting
ready you can spray down the mirror
spray down the countertop sweep the
floor scrub the toilet really quickly
and you are done you could even get away
with just wiping anything that's
splattered on the mirror and if you
don't have long hair like me that gets
all over your floor you could probably
get away with not having to sweep the
floor on a daily basis and just maybe
every few days it does not take long but
if you let all of that grime buildup
then you have to take you know much
longer time to clean up the bathroom and
then you don't have a clean bathroom on
a daily
you just give yourself a couple minutes
to wipe everything down make sure you
put things away after you're done
applying your makeup or doing your hair
you'll have a clean bathroom on a daily
basis have it number five if everyone
puts their dirty clothes into their a
basket or a camper
this is huge because clothes can really
make your house look messy and if there
isn't a place to put them then they're
just going to get piled up and in
bedrooms or in a laundry room I think
that depending on the layout of your
home it's best to have either a
centrally located basket or hamper if
your bedrooms are upstairs and that way
everybody can just easily throw their
laundry in that basket or hamper or put
a small basket in everyone's closet or
you can have everyone depending on where
your laundry room is just go in and
separate their laundry this makes it so
much easier and that way you don't have
to go around and find all of the dirty
clothes you can just grab it out of the
basket or the hamper it's not lying all
over the floor and if you have kids it's
just as easy for them to throw it in a
basket or a hamper as it is for them to
throw it on the floor have it number six
is clean up your kitchen as you're
cooking
I know that my kitchen can become a real
mess if I don't clean up as I go because
I like to play in the kitchen so I'm
grabbing spices I'm grabbing sauces I'm
like oh maybe this means a little bit or
that and I'm grabbing all these things
and opening cabinets and whipping up
sauce and getting students out to try
things and everything and if I'm doing
that and say I'm making a sauce and
making you know a meat and cooking rice
and all that it just makes a huge mess
if I don't clean up as I go so I try to
just make sure I'm putting spoons and
things in the dishwasher and I go
putting the spices back after I'm done
with them pudding you know soy sauce or
whatever it might be back in the
refrigerator if I've used a pan to make
rice and I've done you know put it
either in a sink to wash later or right
in the dishwasher and it really doesn't
seem like it takes a whole lot of time
to clean up after you've eaten dinner
because you've been doing a lot of it as
you cook because none of us really like
to clean up the kitchen after we've
spent a long time cooking dinner and
it's later in the evening
and we do have to
put some things in the dishwasher wash
the few pans or something but it doesn't
have to take all night or an hour or
anything like that it can be quick and
easy if you just clean up as you go
habit number seven is everyone has the
habit of pitching and I think it's so
important that can have things that they
need to help with around the house
teaching them to make their bed at an
early age is a great habit to give them
into teaching them to put their laundry
in a basket or a hamper teaching them to
put their dishes in the dishwasher these
are all great things even when they're
young making them clean up their toys or
help you to clean up your if you paint
it or something helping to clean it all
up and that way they know that it takes
effort to clean everything up instead of
they get to sit down and paint or play
play-doh and everything and then they
just go right on to the next thing if
they participated in the cleanup part
they know that that's part of it they
know okay you have this fine and then we
just clean up and if everybody is
participating it's a lot less work on
you but it also teaches your children
great lessons for one pair out on their
own have it number eight is to put
things back when you're done
this is huge for keeping your house
looking at best if we get thing now
and just leave them lying around things
can build up thanks Philip clutter
things can look messy so with that habit
you have to have a place for everything
so make it easy for things to be put
back so make it easy for your kids to
put their toys back and I've talked
about this a lot make sure that it's not
a complicated thing where they can't
reach it or can't get to it or all these
individual pieces have to go here and
there make it easy to put your clothes
back in your dresser or hang them up
make it easy to put the dishes away or
put things in your pantry or whatever it
might be whatever things your kids are
into make it easy make sure there's a
spot for all their books or for all of
their electronics or all of their games
or all of their movies or whatever they
are to make sure you have a place where
for them to put things back and also
make sure everyone puts things back when
they're done habit number nine is never
let junk mail hit your dining room table
or your countertop this is a big one
because we come in with our mail and we
just toss it on the calendar
or toss it on the table and there's just
piles of it you don't want to look
through it this is a great habit if you
have a recycling bin you could just toss
this up in there before you even come in
the house or if you have a husband like
mine who likes to look through it have a
bin for recycling in wherever you
wherever you look through your mail none
has a big basket in his office and he's
easily able to just put all of the
things in there that need to be recycled
make sure that you just quickly get rid
of your junk mail and don't let it sit
on your countertop or on your table or
on your desk have it number 10 is always
have a bag or a box for donation
and that way when you're going through
your home and you see things that you
don't use anymore you don't like anymore
it might just be one or two things and
you might be tempted to just leave it
because you don't have enough to donate
or whatever and it's just not even worth
it I always have a bag you can keep it
in a storage closet or in your basement
or wherever you have a place for it it
might have a couple things into it and
put one fistful you can just drop it off
or call for them to pick it up but
always have a place for things that you
want to donate or clutter them in your
home that way when you're looking
through your closet and you realize you
have a couple things in there that you
never wear you want to get rid of them
you can just put them in that bag or box
instead of waiting until you have a lot
of clutter to get rid of it has a point
I hope that this was helpful for you I
would love to hear what your habits are
for keeping a clean house so leave them
in the comments below thank you so much
for watching