some home Cooks approach cooking as an
art form a splash of this a dash of that
and soon each culinary creation is
deliciously unique Bakers are more
likely to appreciate the scientific side
of cooking relying on the careful
measuring of ingredients to ensure
consistent results every time they
prepare a recipe liquid and dry measures
differ while they hold the same volume
they are used differently for liquids
always measure in a glass cup designed
for liquids with a touring lip read the
measurement at eye level by placing the
cup on a flat surface and view the
measurement
headon use a dry measure for powders
such as flour sugar salt and baking
powder spoon or scoop the powder lightly
into the cup run a knife or spatula
across the top to level the surface and
scrape any excess back into the canister
measure Brown Sugar by packing it
moderately firmly into a dry measure
with the back of a
spoon here's a tip for measuring sticky
ingredients like honey maple syrup or
peanut butter coat the inside of a dry
measure with non-stick cooking spray
before filling for quicker
[Music]
cleanup use measuring SP spoons for dry
ingredients like baking powder by
filling and then leveling with the
straight edge of a spatula or
knife when you're cooking interpret the
recipe if you like a little more
seasoning in your stew taste it first
then adjust but when you're baking bake
to a formula if a brownie recipe says to
add a half a teaspoon of salt add
exactly that much altering tested baking
recipes will alter the flavor and
texture using the the right measure for
the job will ensure that the recipe is
perfect every time
[Music]