what we have here is a utility sink uh
sometimes they're in the uh garage
sometimes they're in the laundry room
and often when they're in the laundry
room people ask us to to clean them and
as you can see this has been scraped
over time scratched which is normal
that's what these are for all right so
here we are with the curly
Kate okay rinse this a little bit get
rid of some of the to see where we are
to see how much how much more we have to
push this guy over here whatever that
was um it's coming out just just with
the acidulate we don't have to get any a
new product or even anything else so let
let me just work on that a little bit
more that's
gone of the dirt let's wash off to
see to see our progress this looks like
paint let's see how we do with the Carly
cake oh look at that it's coming out
right away I'm going to rinse the um the
acidulate and the Greaser and everything
else but since we're done okay we want
to make sure we don't leave any of that
stuff on here
just in case okay now I'm going to dry
it we always leave our sinks dry so this
is the right side clean okay and the
left side scratched and dirty