you know my favorite thing here up in
the holls near Weed
Kentucky is uh the kind of food that
Mama used to make and there all kinds of
holiday food but I think probably my
favorite is uh tur ducking now a lot of
folks have been writing me and asking me
the the best way to make it now turd
duckin is a a turkey uh with a duck
stuck inside it and then a chicken stuck
inside of that and then there's all
kinds of other stuff about whatever you
like works now you need a big Tucky and
uh take the bones out you got to have a
knife cuz they got little bones in the
chicken whatnot you got to have a really
sharp long the kind you go bass fishing
with I mean that kind of knife is what
you need when you're cleaning the fish
that's the kind of knife that you need
to use but anyway first thing you do is
you you you bone all these uh birds and
then you stick it inside all the others
then you take all the carcasses and put
it in a pot with a lot of water and
yarbs Y I mean herbs that yarbs they
call them yarbs up here in near Weed
Kentucky things like Rosemary and
basil and uh black pepper and sage Sage
is really important and then will you
boil all that stuff and then the other
thing that you do is you take I mean
this is really important when you're
doing a tear ducking and you know a lot
of people just put it in the oven and
that's an okay way to do it but I mean
if you're doing it right you you get one
of them deep fry thingies you know the
kind they have on the TV every year with
that fella from the insurance company
and he shows a fella blowing his garage
up with the grease now I don't want you
to do that you need to do it
outside it keeps the fire department
busy but you got to be about this but
you got to put the tur ducking down in
the in the hot grease and do a fried
turd ducking and I'm telling you it's
good when you when you have the the
turkey gravy and that's what you do you
know you when you when you get that
stock it's called tur ducking stock and
when you boiled it down from the the
caucus of the turkey and the and the
duck and then and the chicken and you
skim the fat off and you make the gravy
out of that and put a lot of black
pepper in the gravy that'll work but you
know what now here let me tell you this
is the important part of all this when
you boil all the pots to make the stock
you got to put like two or three cups of
Jeremiah weed BBB and liquor in it you
got to just put it in there and you get
the flavor and then after you get it out
of the deep fryer you don't put it in
the deep fryer cuz then it'll explode
like in that Fella's garage uh but when
you take it out then you just dribble a
little bit on the top just a little bit
now you know drink the rest cuz it's
good to drink you just serve it right up
there with the tur duckin the other
thing that's important is you got to use
garlic lots of garlic it goes really
good in the tur duck and put it in there
and put some big pieces of it inside
when you stuff the duck into the turkey
and it'll surprise people cuz uh you
know a lot of people they say I don't I
don't want to have garlic cuz it'll make
my breath smell but you know what when
they eat something with garlic they love
it but anyway that's how you do it to
ducking and uh I want y'all to y'all to
try it and and tell me how it went I
want to hear from you now okay