this nail fell in this pool and cause
this rust stain right here I'm going to
show you how to remove a rust stain from
your pool and you want to make sure no
metal Falls in your pool that will just
really damage
plaster and I use dry acid or sodium by
sufate and this works really good and
getting rid of rust
stains and you want to wear gloves and
you handle it um it activates with
moisture so if you use your bare hands
and touch it I could burn your hands if
your hands get wet or sweaty so you
don't want to touch it with your hands
now there's two ways of doing this you
can actually sprinkle it directly on the
spot or you can add it to a sock and let
it sit in the bottom of the pool so I'll
show you both methods sprinking on the
only danger you have is it could burn
the plaster you want to be careful with
dry acid and you're going to need a
steel will brush to brush the spot right
away once the dry acid touches it that
will loosen it up basically you're
burning the top layer of the plaster off
where the rust a is at and the brush
will just actually keep it from um
pitting the plaster
you also want to check your pH to make
sure it's not too low when you start the
process because this will lower slightly
if you depending on how much you use or
lower your pH in your pool more
effective method to sprinkle it right on
the stain and it's kind of harder when
it's in the deep end to broadcast it and
I'll brush it right away as it sits
there I'm going to brush the stain right
now and you want you don't want the dry
acid to pile up on on one spot for a
long period of time time you can see it
already is fading pretty good I'm going
to go ahead and try one more treatment
on it pop some more on
there and I'm going to let it set for a
few seconds and then I'm going to go
ahead and brush
it I'm going to brush the stain
vigorously right
now and that stain's pretty much gone
and I'll probably give it one quick
treatment next week but you can see it
just faded out completely with the dry
acid
okay so I filled the sock again with
some dry acid I'm going to show you how
I do it on the bottom in the deep end
I'm going to go ahead and drop the sock
in over the spot where the rust is so
I'll let it sit on the spot I'll kind of
tap it with the 6-in algae brush to kind
of get some of that loosened up and then
I'll go ahead and brush the
spot and then I'll move the sock back
over on top of it and repeat it until
the stain is almost gone that way you
don't burn your plaster it'll be in the
sock it'll be in a
controlled um vessel and it won't just
be broadcast in the pool and that's a
good way to do a rusting in a deep end
and that sock was in there just for
about a minute and most of that dry acid
is gone out of there and one good trick
I use if there's a lot of sung glare I
sprinkle some dish soap mixed with water
in the pool that takes the glare off of
it and allows you to see the bottom very
clearly so you can actually fine-tune
your rust clean up that way and if you
have a rust stain in the shallow and you
can just broadcast
the dry acid over the stain and then use
your brush to kind of brush it in and
brush it up a little bit that's
perfectly fine the sock is a good method
for the deep end we can't really control
where the dry acid lands and you may
have to do the sock method several times
over a week or two period to actually
get the whole rusting out because it
isn't quite as effective as just letting
it set on the spot and I've effectively
treated a pool that had some kids were
playing with BB guns in the backyard and
about 50 BBS went in there so from the
sh a deep end they had rust stains all
over the pool I use a sock method in a
deep end I broadcast the dry acid into
shallow in and the pool looks really
good