[Music]
hello friends click subscribe button and
also click pen icon hi friends today we
will discussing about how to grow Dalia
in airport variety of Dalia flowers are
available and here I am discussing about
how to transplant the small Dalia plants
into a pot first you select the small
plant from the Dalia and you just take
it by using your hand or other way the
next step is to preparing the fourth for
planning where I am using a single port
for and it acquiring several holes to us
drainage the water now I am going to put
the fertilizer Israel into the port and
start planting the Dahlia plants here
you will see the completed pot and now
start planning now take the Daria plant
part and
you must dig a hole in the port and just
place the devaglia
plan into the port and fix the diner
plant in the port very well
and my daria plant is ready then i am
going to place my Dahlia plant into my
car
[Music]
hello friends click subscribe button and
also