you want to update your bathroom i've
got a trick up my sleeve that i use for
when things really aren't in that bad of
condition they just need a little nip
tuck i like to call a tub refinisher if
you have a pretty unattractive tub but
it's in great condition you can just
have it refinished i know what you're
thinking
i must be crazy who the heck would paint
their shower tile it's not paint
this is the same coating that you would
do to a tub so it holds up for a really
long time when you have tiles that are
unattractive not necessarily cracked but
if they're cracked and chipped of course
even more so but they're unattractive we
can certainly refinish it take care of
this and it's a long lasting solution
that's very inexpensive all this is done
within a half a day and 24 hours later
you're using the unit there is no
downtime now you won't see the grout
lines anymore so it won't be quite as
contrasty between the tile and the grout
but what you get is a whole new life in
one day for your bathroom this is a
great way to update a room that you
don't want to invest a lot of money or
time into and it's also a fantastic
update if you don't want to live through
a real remodel i don't know about you
but chances are good just the recoating
on the tile it'll just change how you
feel about the room and you don't have
to have a bunch of people traipsing
through your house and doing a full
remodel before you get any work done
think about calling a tub refinisher