hi in today's video we're going to show
you how to have you go ahead and clean
the turbine in case you happen to go as
far as going into the motor and the
chamber the motor housing of the
rangehood
now for this purpose this only applies
to mainly the turbine fan itself which
is the motor type that we actually have
you're in front of us now the first
things first we're gonna go ahead and
remove the filter and we'll which we
already done and the next thing is to
remove the actual turbine cover now for
this unit it's actually held in by bayi
clamps that are on the side three of
them and then we do have other ones
where they're actually held in place
with set screws so it may vary by the
type of unit path but for this model is
actually the clamps so we actually
already win and disengage them already
so we can actually go ahead and remove
the turbine cover there is ok we can set
that aside and the next thing is
removing the turbine fan itself now
being that we are gaining access to the
turbine always make sure that you do
turn off the power as you could
potentially injure yourself if there if
the unit's actually turned on so make
sure that there's no power going to the
unit when you're doing this type of
maintenance next thing is we're actually
going to loosen the set screw right here
once we get that set screw loosened you
can actually hold the center cone of the
turbine with one hand and slide it right
out and as you can see we now have
removed their turbine which we can
actually go ahead and then I clean it
and reinstall it now as you can see this
set screw is going to be sitting on this
spindle right here from the motor now
when replacing it you're going to want
to make sure that the set screw lines up
with the one flat side on the spindle
sometimes you know if you're not if
you're not a if you're not paying
attention you or you may accidentally
actually place it on the on the round
side which will in turn cause unwanted
noise and vibration and potentially
damage the turbine so make sure that
when you're replacing it you face the
flat side up and once that flat side is
facing up the
you can go ahead and line up the set
screw to the flat side up and go ahead
and line it up with the spindle and as
you can see now the set screw is lined
up with the flat spot on the spindle we
can go ahead and retighten the set screw
once the set screw is tightened just
make sure that a ten-time does have to
be torqued down or anything just it will
just just hand tight once that's done we
can go ahead and reinstall the turbine
cover and as you can see there's
actually a drain plug here for the
turbine cover so make sure that that is
also facing towards the back when you
place it in once we do that we can go
ahead and retighten the clamps or the
set screws depending on the model now
and that's it we've cleaned out the
turbine and we're ready to go