what's up everyone its Kyle car with
Rocky Mountain rugged bullies we show
you guys how we do a is here our account
will walk you through each step we start
off with a drama ski or however you
pronounce it
ovulation detection so we got our female
right here Athena she's three and a half
years old this will be her third litter
and she's right now five days into her
heat you know a lot of people start on
day 13 whatever you know do whatever
works best for you but I'm gonna do what
works best for us and I wanna continue
doing that cuz our pregnancy right it's
great right now
so right now I'm gonna start walking you
through each step showing you guys how
we do our process so the key ideal for
this isn't going to show you the numbers
of what they're ovulating at I shoot
from I like to go from the 900 range and
start throwing semen in but the best
numbers are the 300 range to 500 range
that's been a guaranteed pregnancy for
us here at this camp will show you how
to insert this right now so what I do is
you go in easy girl and it should just
slide right in like that what I do is I
pull the trigger once leave it in there
for approximately 30 seconds okay here
we are at 30 seconds now so I'm pull the
trigger once give it a spin pull the
trigger twice give it another spin three
times and this is your numbers for 90 so
I'm going to show you everything we use
to do the proper collection I use some
KY jelly Don spermicidal Lube we use
that this is a collection comb what I do
since it's a straightedge
cuz I pulled the collection comb over
like that so hurt the penis of the male
there'll be a nice smooth and I use
right now all I have this 10 CC syringes
so I'll have two of those ready then
here's my pipette everything you can
order online on I sell AI kids if you
guys need
Cammi yeah let's meet the stud it's my
boy also what we're gonna do is we're
gonna let him smell her start getting
aroused whatever and when you AI I
recommend you use a team to do it I mean
you can do it by yourself but it's gonna
be really hard I recommend having at
least three people help you with this
when you're doing bullies so we're gonna
start letting him lick her off a little
bit
get her rouse then what I'm gonna do is
get down here but also smaller from
behind have one one of your friends hold
the female so she's facing the opposite
way
i'ma come here also already knows what
those bagans
so he's super excited what I do is I
come down here and on the back of the
penis there's a knock once you feel that
start to inflame just gonna cover the
penis give a little pump a little bit
and he'll start to go naturally
and then he'll start pumping right here
you can see on his anus he'll start
pumping and that means he's starting to
deliver semen into the collection called
we'll sit here for probably five minutes
and let him drop all this semen off okay
so here we are after the collection this
is the little Oso swimming here I'm
gonna show you guys how to draw it up
what I do is I just insert the syringe
the collection comb and then slowly suck
up the seam
through a full 10 cc's so the next step
is you got your pipette your pipette
just clicks on like that to the syringe
you'll take your KY jelly put a little
bit on your finger that's all you need
is just a little dab rub it all over
this pipette so it goes in smooth and
you're ready to insert this is the next
step what you're gonna do first is
you're gonna have your female kind of at
an angle so this semen can smoothly go
down past the canal you're gonna have
one of your partner's hold it if you got
a stubborn female like Athena's being
you'll probably have another partner
help hold their feet so they can't kick
and squirm a little bit of a push in
there like an inch of the pipette out
and slowly start to inseminate your
female
so as we got our upside down I'm gonna
put my finger in there and then start
making her clinch and start to pump let
the semen go down this is simulating the
tie just gonna give her a little bit of
rub look behind that just lets her know
hey someone's back there smell me we're
gonna hold her up like this for probably
five minutes it's the last and final
step for an AI is to put a female where
she won't pee so we're gonna put a
female in her cage where she doesn't
have accident for about an hour make
sure that your female doesn't pee
because then all the semen will just go
to waste and get flushed out of the
system so like subscribe let me know if
this is any help for you
readers and stay tuned for more videos