hello friends welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor
Khazana my name is Siddharth and today I
will show you a recipe which is very
popular the name of this recipe is
chicken 65 so for that will require
chicken leg boneless cut into cubes
yogurt oil egg mustard seeds chopped
ginger spring onion greens chopped
chopped garlic refined flour on starch
red chilli paste
dried red chillies slit green chillies
lemon juice ginger-garlic paste salt
curry leaves turmeric powder coriander
powder black pepper powder red chilli
powder cumin powder now into this bowl
first I will add in the chicken pieces
and into this first I'll add the
ginger-garlic paste red chilli powder
some salt coriander powder turmeric
powder cumin powder black pepper powder
this is a fusion recipe so you will see
the influence of Chinese recipe plus the
South Indian recipes the spices this
recipe is quite spicy so if you want you
can reduce the spice level and let this
marinate for Afeni so that the chicken
absorbs the marination properly now
after hufana this is ready to fry but
before that i'll add one egg give this a
mix and into this I'll add corn starch
and refined flour let's give this a mix
so after mixing this properly this is
ready to fry here I have kept oil for
heating so when the oil gets hot enough
I'll slide in the chicken so let's take
if the oil is done this this is done so
I will put the chicken one by one now
this is the color that we need this is
perfectly crisp and look at the
beautiful golden-brown color I will
remove this on an absorbent paper and in
the similar manner I'll prepare some
mode now before preparing the sauce
first I will take yogurt in a bowl and
into this red chilli powder turmeric
powder coriander powder salt some
constant little bit of water and mix
this properly I will keep this aside and
now let's prepare the sauce and heat up
a wok and add oil into it here I have
some dried red chillies with me I will
diagonally chop them first I'll put some
mustard seeds and let this platter and
when this flutters in goes the dried red
chillies then some green chillies as I
told you this is a very spicy
preparation then in goes chop ginger all
this should be done on high flame then
goes lots of curry leaves
then in goes lots of garlic and now to
this I'll add chilli paste I'm adding
red chilli paste just for the color
so after sauteing this I lower the flame
and add the yogurt mixture and now let's
cook this now after cooking this for
five to ten minutes you need to see to
it that the raw flavor of the yogurt is
gone need to cook this on medium flame
not very high
now I'll again lower the flame and put
the chicken pieces now at this stage and
put lots of spring and in greens just
coat this with the gravy if you want you
can prepare this sauce but I will be
serving it as a starter so I won't be
requiring this sauce
the last ingredient that goes in is the
lemon juice I'll switch off the flame
now and just give this a mix and that's
it
a beautiful recipe of chicken 65 is
ready let's serve this so here in goes
the chicken 65 and I will garnish it
with some bell pepper and spring onion
curls so here it is chicken 65 a spicy
preparation but worth giving a try do
try this
[Music]
you
[Music]
I know you like our videos so hit the
subscribe button
stay connected happy cooking