what horse bits do inside the mouth and
how it affects the outside behavior
let's look at a conventional Snapple
notice when the horse shuts its mouth
how the conventional Snapple stands up
forming a point of impact the yellow
area shows where the pain occurs on the
palate and tongue now let's look at a
Robart pinch less Snapple the pinch less
is capable of laying flat due to the
internal bushings a conventional Snapple
is shown here pinching the tongue when
lifting a single rein you will see the
tongue receiving a pinch the yellow area
demonstrates where the pain occurs when
the horse is in pain you'll see
excessive mouth movement pind ears and
the general uneasiness about the horse
with a Robart pinch list Snapple you can
see the pinch list bar smoothly rotates
this allows the center rings not to lock
up which would cause a pinch horses that
use the pinch list have calm head
carriage quiet mouths do not resist
commands or push down onto the bridle
and perform better with a pleasing
appearance
using the Robart pinch less the horse
can concentrate on performing and not
avoiding pinch and pain in the mouth