hey guys it's one of them pets and today
we're going to be making a homemade what
you for your hamster um so yeah let's
get started so what you're gonna need is
food coloring neon or just regular a
spoon a small mixing bowl a little bit
of water flour and some of these wooden
shapes I have hearts but there's like
stars any shapes like that but I just
wanted to do hearts so yeah let's get
started so first take about a teaspoon
of flour and pour it in your bowl and
then a little bit of water there's no
exact measurement for this but it's kind
of like this I made it then food
coloring I am using red so I put about
two drops and then just mix it all up
I'm having to add just a little bit more
flour because I put too much water okay
so here I have it it kind of made pink
but that's okay you don't want it to be
too watery but you also don't want it to
be too chunky so kind of in the middle
so the way you can get these hearts at
for whatever wood shape you want I like
a craft store I got mine at a seymour's
and they were about four dollars and now
just open them up okay so today I'm
gonna be using six hearts I made me a
little four-leaf clover here and then
just two random hearts so now just take
one of your hearts and just kind of
start rubbing it on all over the heart
and the sides until you've done that to
all of your hearts okay so there you
have it that didn't even take me two
minutes
so now just put it into the fridge leave
it in here for about two hours
hey so this is what they look like when
they're done I'm about halfway through I
took them um I picked them up and to lay
them back down because they kind of got
stuck so the back of them did
really stay on their show a little wet
but yeah so this is what they look like
when they're done they're really cute
and you can just feed him to your
hamster so yeah it numbs down the herb
grinds down their teeth so it's really
good for them
so thanks for watching I'm gonna comment
rate and subscribe bye guys