[Music]
a I would like to welcome you all back
to another cold healing session my name
is marage The Illusionist and I would
like to thank you all for
watching um today what we're going to
talk about
is uh the healing properties
um the uh the spiritual aspects and just
the cold information on the crystal or
gemstone amethyst okay and this is what
it looks like for all the people that
don't know what amethyst is this it's a
stone or Crystal that is
purple um here's another one that I have
the tumble
version um just for you guys to see and
before I get into the information I just
want to put out there
that in ancient times you know in in
ancient
times wearing certain stones and um even
just the color purple okay uh was
specifically on Amethyst you know
wearing amethyst and even just wearing
the color purple you had to be of
somebody of high status you had to had
you you know and even if you weren't
didn't have a certain bloodline still
again your status your
representation uh you were known as
somebody very wise somebody very
powerful okay by wearing this color or
wearing um amethyst jewelry you know
keeping the stones around you because it
it represents this highness this wisdom
so um I just want to put that out there
before I get into the the healing
properties the spiritual aspects and
also the ENC information behind this
Stone and Crystal okay and and the
different things it can do for you when
you have it on you or where it as
jewelry or you have it around you or use
it in Med meditation so the first thing
that it does is that it soothes anger
okay so for all the people out there
that have a problem with aggression have
a problem with frustration or you know
dealing with inner hatred or outer
hatred you know just have a problem with
getting mad a lot um this is the stone
to carry around you and it'll help
soothe um this anger the next thing it
does is that it gives a
awareness okay and what I mean by
awareness is is because true
Consciousness you know what we call
Consciousness is awareness are you aware
of the thoughts that you think are you
aware of the certain things that you do
in certain times of the day uh certain
parts of the year um you know certain
hours of the day um are you aware of the
food that you're eating are you aware of
the company that you keep are you aware
of you know the things that you have in
your reality as far as in your house you
know you wear certain symbols that you
wear you know stuff like that so this
amethyst is going to bring awareness or
true Consciousness to your being next
thing is that it brings balance and I
don't mean like balance physically but
it can represent physical balance but
it's also just life balance okay because
you can be somebody who's very efficient
in finances but then you know you might
have a messed up home life okay now or
you might be somebody who's extremely
healthy you know but you have messed up
finances you have to you know in order
to receive true happiness in this world
you know you're going to have to try to
find a balance between all these
different aspects in life so amethyst
keeping it around you will help you know
will help initiate this balance for you
um the next thing is it helps spiritual
Beginnings it'll help you and your
spiritual Beginnings so for all the
people that are new to this information
or just starting on this path you know
amethyst will be a good stone for you to
carry okay because it it'll help
initiate you into the spiritual system
and for the people who are already on
their spiritual journey well into their
spiritual
journey
um let's just say you're an astrologer
or whatever and you want to you want to
start getting into numerology or you
want start getting into tarot cards and
stuff like that you know uh amethyst
will help um start this new beginning
for
you um amethyst is also very calming so
for the people that have anxiety
problems or for the people who you know
just have too many thoughts maybe sleep
problems who just can't get in a calming
mood amethyst is the stone for
you the next thing is that it helps
initiate and help and helps dealing with
change okay so for all the people that
are stuck in a stagnant area in life and
feel like they can't move amethyst is a
stone for you it's the stone for you the
next thing you know initiating you know
uh will help dealing with the change
because sometimes you might be going
through a change and it's particularly
hard for you so again the stone will
help you will help ease that you know
that hurt that you're going through
from the
change
um it it's it's good for communicating
with the higher self now for the people
that don't understand what the higher
self is you know you can kind of picture
yourself who you would be where you
would be and what you would what you
would be doing if you had absolutely no
fear if you
had no jealousy if you had no addictions
remember everything is an almost
everything in this reality you can
become addicted to so all these shackles
coming off of you who would you be where
what would you be doing at this moment
okay that's the the higher self and we
have an ability to to communicate with
the higher self so what amethyst does it
it helps align you with your higher self
so then you're on the same agenda and
this is when you start really gaining
success and happy in
life
um amethyst helps out with concentration
helping you to keep
focused okay so that's another good
thing also helps out with spiritual
connections okay so for all my people
that are really initiated in in just the
spiritual practice you this is helping
you get in contact with your uh um with
your with higher beings and with your
ancestor
and um with your spiritual Guardians and
stuff like that you know the amethyst is
is the stone for this for you know
activating spiritual connections for you
so you can
grow um it also expands the
Consciousness okay because a lot of us
especially in today's time we're we're
in a box small box state of mind so what
this Stone would do was it help expand
your kind Consciousness because if you
notice especially people that have a
hard time grasping this kind of
information it's because they they can't
you know they can't wrap their minds
around it they have to have particular
you know little detailed facts you know
and it's not their fault also is because
this is what we're trained to do this is
how we're trained to be so you know but
some of us have more of expanded
Consciousness so we're like H let me see
what this is about you know because with
spiritual you you have to try this out
it's not something that you can you know
write F all these facts about you know
even though this is what my channel is
kind of about I'm trying to bring it
down to practical matters so a lot of
more people can understand so uh it
expands the
Consciousness it also um helps out with
creativity making you more creative
again um the next thing it helps out is
with Dream Work all right for all the
people out there that think sleeping is
a waste of time I got to tell you that
you know there's a ton of information in
your dreams you know that you can learn
from because the dreams represent the
subconscious mind and I've said in
multiple videos about how you know the
subconscious mind rules your whole
entire reality so what does that tell
you you're learning secrets about how to
manifest in this reality so it helps out
with dream work I have a video on dreams
um dealing with mugw war and how mugart
can help with lucid dreaming and stuff
like that but I will do another video
specifically on dreams and getting in
depth about that
so uh the next thing it helps out with
dealing with fear you know you know for
all the people who have a lot of fears
out there it's a good Stone to have um
the next thing is bringing gratification
in your reality because speaking on the
law of attraction
when we're in a state of want we're
always wanting we what we're wanting
we're actually you know pushing away but
when you have gratitude when you start
bringing gratitude in your reality and
in your practice and you start being
thankful for what you have right now
this is when you start receiving more
okay so it helps with gratifi uh having
gratitude for things
okay um it helps with intuition and
psychic abilities as well so um because
a lot of us get lost in the in the
frontal cortex you know which the the
mind can only guess all right but
intuition is the all knowing your
intuitive side knows all already this is
why it's important for you to start
trusting the feeling that you get about
things you know and run with that and of
course it's not always going to be right
because you have to you have to build it
back up again a lot of us are stuck in
the mind so we haven't been using the
intuition correctly so the intuition you
know it's not up to par start connecting
with your intuition more and you'll
you'll be able to just know
things um helps out with
manifestation all my people that are
into rituals and and not even just
rituals but people that are um you know
writing out goals writing your goals
down every month or whatever you you
know you have goals that you want to
have this is Manifest
manifestation you know it takes inner
Vision okay so the stone can help out
with that um also this Stone repres
it'll bring in wisdom High spiritual
wisdom okay because um this Stone I'm
I'm jump a little bit ahead but this
Stone you know we're going to look at
the jewelry that I have right here cuz
this stone is uh ruled by a planet which
is Jupiter okay and for all my people
that are in topometry we know that uh
the index finger is a rep is represented
by Jupiter so my intention with this
ring to have it to have the amethyst
ring sitting on my Jupiter finger is for
that knowledge that high wisdom that
amethyst is about that connects with
Jupiter putting it right into place in
my sphere of reality and I also have a
this ring on my pinky finger and this is
and this is represented by Mercury okay
Mercury is about communication and your
intellect so my intention with this is
to um bring that high wisdom because you
can have so much wisdom but you might
not be able to articulate it and
communicate it to people where they can
understand okay so that's this is my
intention with this is to bring this
down you know into int intellect where I
can formulate it and express it to you
guys okay this is this is true
Consciousness about being aware of
everything that you
do okay
so um the next thing we're going to get
into a little bit of
astrology okay so for the people that
don't know about true
astrology everyone has every single sign
within themelves so you have every
single sign within your chart all right
now if you want to understand is better
you want to know about the chart you
know um you can go to my website ww.
healing. net and go to the services and
products section and you can get a
reading from me we can look at your
whole entire chart because what I'm
about to bring up now is that when you
look in your chart you can realize that
you have certain signs that are
particularly strong in your chart and
certain signs that are particularly weak
you know where you're just not showing
that kind of energy in your in your
personality or in your your life
so if you have a signs that are
particularly weak you know these
particular signs um Aquarius Capricorn
Pisces Sagittarius and Virgo then
amethyst will bring these energies into
you know your personality a little bit
more okay so um also with with the
planets because of course I just said
that amethyst is ruled by Jupiter is
also co-ruled co-ruled by Neptune so
again if looking in your chart and you
notice that Jupiter is not in a good
position or Neptune is not in a good
position this is a good stone for you to
wear to bring Jupiter and Neptune energy
more into your sphere of reality to
balance you out a little bit more
because that's what it's all about it's
about
balance
um the the month that is represented by
amethyst is February so February is a
good month to do your rituals to do your
work with amethyst or do your
meditations to do with amethyst of
course you can do it all year round just
know that February is the best month
also if you're born in February of
course automatically this is one of the
best stones for you now the days of the
week um that are the best to meditate or
to work with amethyst are Wednesday
Thursday and Saturday all
right so another thing bringing it back
to astrology and also Alchemy you know
when when you get a chart reading you
know you'll be able to tell what
elements are are highest in your chart
all right so the element that rules
amethyst is water so if you have low
water in your chart which represents you
know emotional connections emotional
expression you know creativity
imagination you know things of that
nature just a a motherly kind of nature
um or just a fluid kind of nature you
know if you have if you have low energy
in this then you know wearing amethyst
will bring the water element more into
your
personality all right getting into
numerology amethyst is uh ruled by the
number three so all my people that are
into numerology you know that three is a
representation of
creativity um expression you know
especially creative expression and
manifestation okay so um also if you're
a life path number three in numerology
then again this is the perfect stone for
you um now in in the tarot
cards uh the tarot card that is
connected there's two tarot cards
connected to amethyst and the first one
is temperance because the temperance
card is represented it's it's speaking
of balance um of patience of Higher
Learning and higher wisdom of just being
in
itself okay and then the other card is
The Wheel of Fortune you know which is
you know about cycles and understanding
the bigger picture in the cycle and
understanding that there's good and bad
and you know you're going to have to
spin that will Okay so
if you get a reading which you can get a
reading from me again by going to my
website and going to the services and
products section I have tarot card
readings and let's just say the
temperance or The Wheel of Fortune comes
up in a particular bad uh position then
you know that amethyst you know you want
to have this Stone around you so it can
bring more of this energy so it can flip
it around for you in in the particular
situation that you're trying to learn
from or you're trying to you know figure
out
um the next thing is that in the chakra
system this stone is connected to the
third eye chakra right here and then the
crown chakra all right so uh I want to
get more into in depth with the chakras
so I'm going to do another video but
just skimming through the third eye of
course represent you know it's intuition
it's um inner Vision dreams imagination
the crown is your spirit spiritual
connection you know your connection to
spirituality into into the know into the
higher Consciousness into the universal
Consciousness okay so and if you're weak
because uh the chakras also rule things
just in life in general you know and if
you want to get ahead and look up some
of this stuff then go ahead and if
you're weak in these areas again getting
this Stone and wearing it will help you
out um now and physical things you know
dealing with you know phys physical
healing
properties um amethyst cleanses the
blood it strengths the immune system it
aids in tissue
regeneration it eases headaches it
releases tension in the body it heals
the lungs it helps out with skin skin
conditions and it heals the digestive
tract okay so I know that was a lot of
information but
um it's just something that you really
want to incorporate into your spiritual
practice you know dealing with crystals
you know it's it's so powerful and I
know a lot of people have a lot of
skepticism skepticism when it comes to
just a lot of this stuff but mostly you
know crystals and and Stones you know I
get a lot of questions about that like
does it really work you know I always
say just try it because because these
Stones they're really not that expensive
you know you can get amethyst for like
$35 or whatever so you want to try it
out and and maybe get a tumble version
this is a what we call a tumble version
you know keep it in your pocket you know
um every day and just not you'll notice
the changes you'll notice yourself being
in a c you'll notice your um your mind
expanding also wearing the color purple
you know again this was only Royal y
could wear this this color cuz this is
bringing this this higher Consciousness
to you as well a higher frequency okay
like in the color spectrum purple is one
of the highest that Violet that light
violet color is a high frequency so if
you're you know you're having this
energy around you you'll start to
vibrate at that at that frequency you'll
start to notice many things so so again
um um also as well I had have you know I
have um amethyst products cuz there's a
lot of there's a lot of fake um amethyst
out there and from different websites so
what I'll do for you guys is in the
description of the video I'll have um
certain I guess certain websites where
you can get authentic Amethyst from and
um also anything that I brought up in
this video so um again I would like to
thank you all for watching or thank you
all for tuning into yourself and and
just being being willing to open up your
mind even if you are on the fence about
a lot of this stuff it takes a lot of um
open-mindedness and a lot of self-
integrity and just
curiosity to get in a lot of of this
information so um if you have any
questions or anything please email me a
coaling 22@gmail.com
please comment you know let me know
about your journey let let's have a
dialogue of course like I said this is a
community so uh if I can't help you
somebody else in the community can um
and share the video please share you
know this information is vital
especially for a lot of us you know a
lot of us are raising our vibrations but
we just don't know the direction to go
in so um again I will leave you on hotep
Namaste one love Ashe thank you
[Music]