so today today I'm not doing a candy
video and today I'm going to do a
cooking video I haven't done a cooking
video in quite a while and this time out
it's a quick dessert if you haven't seen
my Australia videos um you can go there
and see them I think it was in Australia
part two I received a package of cookies
called anzacs and so I think in the
video I mentioned that I made them at
home and they're one of my favorite
cookies so
valo heat melt your butter and honey in
a large bowl combine all of your dry
ingredients to your flour oats coconut
sugar and salt
mix all the dry ingredients together
until well incorporated in a separate
dish add your boiling water to your
baking soda then add this mixture to
your butter and honey stir your wet
ingredients and then add that to your
dry ingredients mix everything really
well and you'll end up with a really
kind of crumbly dough so the dough
should look something like this
it'll be a little bit crumbly pressed
together into 1-inch balls about
ping-pong size and slightly flatten them
and place them on a baking sheet
this is a half batch so it made about
nine cookies a full batch will make
anywhere from 18 to 24 depending on how
big you make your cookies the cookies
don't really spread much so you can put
them pretty close together
here they are ready to go into the oven
and bake at a 325 degree fahrenheit oven
or 170 degrees centigrade oven for about
12 minutes or until they're nice and
golden-brown like this so there is the
finished cookie and you can see the oats
and the coconut in the top of it and you
want to bake them - they're golden brown
so I bake these for about 12 minutes
depending on the size and temperature
size with a cookie at the temperature of
your oven the cooking time may vary but
when it looks like this and it's not too
dark on the bottom then they're ready
hmm so this look is delicious I really
like this recipe I really enjoy these
cookies um but you really do have to
like chocolate because I'm sorry
coconut where's my brain here's baby
hello everybody okay Odie oatmeal flavor
and butter of course and the coconut
perfect combination it's like a macaroon
but I think better a little partier and
so it's got a nice chewy texture and
what I really love about this recipe is
amount of salt it's a good amount of
salt for this recipe it's an assault
really I feel like balances the coconut
flavor so if you're looking for a fast
recipe this is a good one and you'll
more than likely have all the
ingredients on hand so highly recommend
making these are delicious and if you
guys end up making this recipe let me
know what you think I'd love to hear in
the comments how your recipes turned out
if you made any adaptations or if you
have any complications let me know and
I'll try to help you if I can
all right everybody thanks for watching