hello guys welcome back to my channel I
wanted to show you guys a real simple
recipe that you can do with some of
those chicken breasts that you have in
the fridge sometimes we might overcook
or we might not eat as many as we think
we're going to and then we have leftover
chicken breast and you guys know um
after 2 or 3 days you know in the
refrigerator they're not the same so
with this recipe you can take those
extra chicken breasts and turn them into
a real simple great tasting recipe that
you could have as a snack or you can
incorporate into other stuff you can
make wraps with it you could actually
put them over put this over salad you
could put potatoes on the side if you're
eating carbs so basically I have here 2
lbs of finely diced uh chicken breast
and basically I made this uh a couple of
days ago and I was going to use it as
wraps and different things but uh I had
about 2 lbs left which I wasn't going to
eat all of it so I want to put this
together and show you guys a really good
chicken salad recipe that is very light
in calories and and fat um so first we
have 2 lbs of chicken breast diced this
has got uh Montreal seasoning which like
a it's like a coarse uh Pepper and a
coarse salt that um that's added already
in it it's already seasoned with that um
normally if you guys you know using a
different kind of season seasoning you
could still do the same just be aware
that you can't add that much salt to it
because it's going to be uh too salty uh
or you know whatever else you're adding
you don't want to add too much of the
same um the same condiments so I have
here a half of red pepper a half a
yellow pepper a half a orange pepper and
a half an onion uh Al together I'm going
to add this in
here and I have 4 tablespoon of uh
fat-free uh sour cream you could use
light sour cream also it just would add
more calories um Greek yogurt is great
for this because it will add protein um
and it won't add really much fat or or
calories and it's a great way to add um
some uh protein to the to the
recipe and I have here about four
tablespoons of tsiki sauce which is this
right here this is also very low calorie
it's got a lot of flavor put this in
it I'm going to add about 2 tbspoon of
shredded parmesan cheese for
flavor you can add grated cheese if you
like I just like this parmesan better
I'm going to add about 1 tbspoon of
sriracha to add some heat if you you
guys don't like hot stuff you don't have
to add this I just like my stuff
spicier um I'm going to add one tbspoon
of Tajin and this is like uh a Mexican
seasoning that has U some chili and some
lime uh flavor this stuff tastes great
if you guys can find this in your local
supermarket I highly suggest it uh you
can put this stuff on anything it's just
really really good it has some great
flavor not really that hot it's actually
kind of mild but it has um a great
flavor to it and it's all natural also
so 1 tbsp of
that and normally I would add salt to
this but since it's already got the
seasoning uh I'm not going to add any
salt I'm going to
[Applause]
add uh about 2 tbspoon of chia seeds and
this will add some texture and also um
some
flavor to it'll make give it a little
bit of a
crunch and it'll add some healthy
antioxidants and vitamins and all that
stuff some healthy fats um still very
light you're going to take that mix it
all
together and you guys can add more Greek
yogurt
or um other stuff to it if you like it
to be um a little bit more um like on
the
on the sauce side like more sauce to it
um I like it I like my chicken salad a
little bit more dry and spicier but if
you add like a half a cup um of Greek
yogurt to this it'll make it a lot
creamier and this this is a great way to
revive those chicken breast in the
fridge like I said and um you can use
this as a part of many other recipes
like salads and stuff put it on on top
of a of a Romain salad or in a wrap and
it's it works great so pretty much there
you have it simple um no need to you
know add a lot of ingredients not a lot
to it uh this stuff tastes great and
it's a great way to revive those chicken
breasts so basically there you have it
uh pretty simple recipe and a great way
to bring back to life those chicken
breast that you might have in the
refrigerator they're kind of hard to eat
once they've been sitting around and you
know the seasoning kind of dries up and
stuff this will add some uh some
moisture back into the into the recipe
and it bring it back to life back into
those uh chicken breasts so um hope you
guys enjoyed it remember to subscribe to
the channel we're going to be bringing
new new videos every Wednesday and uh
check out just ATM muscle.com for all
your supplements and use coupon code
YouTube for a 10% discount on your
entire order
[Music]