next thing is going to be dessert you
already dessert oh yeah you faite part
love oh my God okay so this is my maple
cheesecake and instead of using sugar I
use maple syrup I'm going to have you
plate this since it's like the
anniversary I want to be like you kind
of made it you know what I mean so this
is a homemade maple cheesecake we're
going to put a little of this on there
this is uh a little bit of homemade
caramel yum we're spread that on there
do a couple little dots that's cool yeah
it's fun isn't it yeah it's fun to make
it like so this one is not going to be
like I usually do like really fancy ones
this one is just going to be delicioso
it's just raspberry puree so you're
going to put a little that on there and
go ahead and do your dots again ni fun
dots fun little dots happy little dots
there you go beautiful this is great
these are mated these are doing a little
bit of uh sugar and raspberry juice yum
so we're just going to put a little on
there oh my gosh look at that fantastic
and then just kind of decorate the plate
with some raspberries that is perfect do
that look at that oh look at that stand
it up now you're getting now you're
getting Fancy on me now you're getting
really Fancy on me so this next thing
this is maple uh maple powder and this
we're just going to go like that maple
powder maple powder so that one is
that's pretty easy and then this right
here this is a little bit of raspberry
lavender crumble wow we're just going to
do this just crumble it on top and then
our nice wilted flowers from the Heat
and just take these purple ones go ahead
and set them a little bit everywhere on
the plate kind of going like the
monochromatic look with the uh with the
colors yeah yeah perfect beautiful look
at that's perfect so even though it's
like kind of a easier thing to do
cheesecake's pretty easy but at least we
just made it kind of semi fancy but the
flavor of this is going to be amazing
let's get you out there let's get this
the perfect
anniversary dessert thank you so go
ahead and bring it out to your men
thanks tada