[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my channel if
you're new here hello so this is going
to be my third video of this just
because it's a different topic I am
wearing the same clothes as my
authenticating video so check that out
if you're interested I didn't know this
but after watching more videos after
getting this back there people actually
have a lot of opinions of the straps
just because it is kind of long on
people which is the popular opinion so
this is what it looks like on me so
that's what it looks like on me so I'm 5
1 5 on and a half we'll just say 5 1 7 5
1 and I'm like 115 to 120 pounds Erin
that's what it looks like on me um I
think I'm pretty proportional like body
size I I know that's pretty important so
the bag doesn't really fall on me at
such an awkward length I do like wearing
my bags a bit higher I want to share
with you guys how I figured out how to
shorten the straps
I guess disclaimer it is a bit damaging
on the straps but I don't really mind so
if you guys can see there is a space I
left it over the weekend like in the
little hack I did so that's why it looks
like this but I don't really mind
because I plan on having this bag for a
while I'm gonna show you how I did it so
I just took it off and I'm gonna take
this one off
okay so basically undo the straps now I
had a lot of struggle with this so
basically you don't actually need the
shorter strap so I took that off and now
I'm going to take it over the other one
so you just pop it out so here they are
together actually really cute I wish I
had another purpose for them but yeah I
don't know so this is what the back
looks thick now just a really long strap
and then when you do it you take the
bottom d-ring and the little nub here
and you weave it through make sure that
the curved side is where the nub is and
then you basically so you basically push
it through using the leather tap
shouldn't be that hard like
see and then it weaves through so I'll
do that I can with the neck side sorry
I'm just trying to hold it up for you
guys so we're gonna do that again
[Music]
so make sure the little nub is facing
upward and you put it into the d-ring
like that and then you just push it
through I found that that's the easiest
way for me and actually the only way
that I got it to go through sorry it's
kind of hard doing it one-handed okay
and then it weighs all the way through
so now this is what the back looks like
it will just look like that again this
is very damaging on the long strap I
can't reiterate that anymore
so this is what it looks like after and
then you can basically take the little
nub and put it in whichever hole to
adjust the length of course it's going
to be a lot shorter than with these
additional straps but doing this again
will damage this strap it will have a
crease in it but yeah that's that's
basically it so I'm going to do what I
did before I do it on the fourth hole
out black hole out from this one so one
two three four I just like the symmetry
there so yeah I'm by symmetry I mean
like there's it's like that like there's
one hole each and then there's one hole
down here hopefully you guys understand
and get that okay so this is how it
looks like now and then on the little
edges like this and this I just take the
little nubs these little pieces of
leather or whatever and I just leave
in to close off the space and now this
is what it looks like adjusted so it's I
guess a more flattering spot the only
reason why I like it it's because it
swings from side side left and basically
it's like closer to my body
so yeah and yeah that's basically it I
think it's at a really cute height
actually what's gonna sell like if you
guys think my outfit is kind of weird
actually was gonna film it with this top
and these denim shorts instead of these
sweatpants like it would have looked
like this you know look like this um
it's like my summer vibe but I just ate
and like I feel really uncomfortable in
these so that's why I wear pants so I
hope you guys are okay with what this
looks like on me with my sweat pants I
think it still looks pretty cool oh and
I also want to show you guys how to
remove it so basically how to remove it
it's the same way so you just um fold it
and then you just pull out the little
nub from the d-brane see if I could do
this with one hand yes yeah that's
basically how you remove it just in case
like you want to wear this temporarily
or whatever you know it's really good to
you yeah not bad I think I will do a
little side-by-side because I think
that's really cool of the shortened
straps and then the regular
straps
[Music]
well that's basically it that's how I
adjust my straps on my loot on my new
Louboutin bag I'd probably have I'm
going oh I look naked probably how I'm
going to wear this bag in the future of
course like I said I want to wear it
when it's warmer and stuff like that
because I think it's cuter um so I guess
I would like to share with you guys some
future video ideas I have and get you
guys excited for that I guess or so you
guys know it's coming so I um I want to
get my hair redone my base is really
really dark as you guys can see I got it
done in June so that's about a 10 month
grow out grown out that's a grown out of
about 10 months so yeah um I think I'm
gonna either ask or just like secretly
film me getting my hair done because I
really like those videos of course it's
not going to be like the really nice
like ones like guy Tang does guy tag
yeah but yeah I just wanted to share
with you guys or try to share with you
guys my um like a come with me to get my
hair done video I think that would be
really interesting and what else I'm
going to Vegas in about ten days I know
crazy it's like a last minute trip with
Cody and his family Cody's my boyfriend
so yeah we're going to go to Vegas and
I'll I will do a vlog of that uh what
else well that's all I have planned so
far so if you guys are as excited as me
for those videos so if you guys are
excited for those videos please
subscribe and like of course I'd greatly
appreciate that and yeah I'll see you
guys on the next one