hi this is Jeremy Windham aller with
Walters Gardens and today we're going to
talk about Daly's Walter's Gardens
offers dale is in three different grades
of bare-root the first grade is our g1
bare-root which you can expect anywheres
between three and five eyes or fans to
develop on that plant our grade tube
bare-root you'll see anywheres between
one and two and then we also offer a
grade three bear root on varieties
our grade one bear root we recommend
planting into a premium one gallon or a
true one gallon container like this and
you can plant these in the spring or in
late summer they're pretty quick turn in
the spring you fit you'll finish around
six to eight weeks and our grade two is
great for a trade one gallon container
like this and that will finish either in
a spring in around seven to nine weeks
or in late summer which will you get a
nice full plant for the following spring
and it's it's better to do that for
early season forcing in our grade threes
can be a quick turn in either quartz or
like a longer-term crop for a trade
gallon container and those we do
recommend planting in late summer we
recommend planting day lilies with the
crown slightly below the soil line so
the crown is where these eyes meet the
roots and you want to have it ever so
slightly below the soil line there you
want to avoid all right so if you're
looking at the plant if you're right
about where my fingers are at and you
want to make sure that you don't cover
these new fans here with too much soil
as you can crop cause crown and root
rots to develop now you notice that most
of these roots are trimmed on these day
lilies Walters gardens trims these
before we ship them and so they're ready
to go right into the container
we've done a lot of testing on the roots
trimming to make sure it does not affect
the performance of the plant and we see
no adverse side effects of that the
alloys are recommended to grow under
high light levels so in a greenhouse
using clear poly or directly outdoors in
a open nursery is a great idea and
moisture for day lilies should be kept
at all
at level we recommend that again they
have good well-drained media that
they're planted in and you don't want to
have prolonged wet conditions as it can
cause disease in the roots and crown a
good quality media using medium to heavy
pine bark about 25% peat and some
perlite really really helps grow a
quality plant growing temperatures for
Hamrick Alice should be around 60 to 68
degrees Fahrenheit and you can hold them
under cooler temperatures or around 50
to 60 degrees Fahrenheit
soil pH should be around 6 to 6 and a
half and the EC level should be around
two to three using the pour through
method of testing Daly's are moderate
feeders so we recommend feeding them
with a liquid feed of around 50 to 75
parts per million nitrogen as a constant
liquid feed or if you're in a nursery
setting and you want to use controlled
release fertilizers we recommend
incorporating incorporating it into the
media using one pound per cubic yard of
media with nitrogen the most common pest
you'll notice on Daly's they're gonna be
a fighter mites and thrips so we
recommend the Scout regularly for that
and a lot of times most pasture down
into the new growth so check that area
and as far as disease goes if dealers
are grown under wet conditions cool
conditions Rhizoctonia and Fusarium can
be a problem so scout for that as well
one other thing to be aware of
especially in warmer climates is that
Daly's are prone to rust so you want to
make sure your scout and regular basis
for that and the product that you
receive from Walters Gardens will be
rust free it in our climate here the
rust is not overwinter so we do not have
a problem with that as far as PTR
recommendations go for Daly's most days
you don't need to apply a PGR at all but
if it's desire to keep it more compact
for going on to a shipping rack you can
use you Nakano salt or sue magic at a
drench of one part
million and that should be applied as
the plants starting to emerge and gets
roughly about six inches tall you want
to start applying at that point soaking
the pot thoroughly and just make sure
you check your recommended rates off for
your environment obviously the south is
gonna require more than what it would in
the north there's Jeremy Wendell Mahler
with Walters Gardens be sure to like us
on facebook and check out our youtube
page for more videos
[Music]