hi I'm Mike at Builders outpost.com here
to tell tell you today on how to clean
up pool ties it's a two-step process we
need some pistone and some hydrochloric
acid tile cleaner that you can get from
your local pool supply house my buddy
Bronson joined us he wants to help today
he wants to help clean the pool so here
we go we're going to start cleaning off
the calcium Builder it comes off really
fast with that P SP
it doesn't take much
pressure and it just comes right
[Laughter]
off so I've cleaned just a few tiles for
this demonstration so you can see the
difference with the pist Stone now we're
going to move to step two the
hydrochloric
acid always got to think of safety
rubber gloves and safety glasses on this
is pretty nasty stuff but it's easy to
work with so all we're going to do is
wipe it
on Let the acid do its
magic we'll let that sit for 3 or 4
minutes and then we'll come back with a
with a clean sponge and wipe it all down
okay I'm wiping it
down as you can see with the pist Stone
and the tile cleaner it does a great job
Mike at Builders outpost.com thank you