as we all know there are some ways that
are relatively easy to get rid of and
then there are plenty of really tough
ones and one of the toughest would have
to be onion weed
introduced into Australia way back in
1857 as an ornamental plant onion weed
has now infested gardens and bushland
australia-wide as it tolerates her wide
range of soil and climatic conditions
including droughts it reproduces by seed
which can be carried by the wind so it's
important to tackle this before it
flowers you'll all be familiar with
roundup a glyphosate based herbicide
that kills most weeds in the yard but
for onion weed and other nationally
significant weeds such as blackberry and
Lantana there's an even tougher roundup
on the market the aptly named tough
roundup weed killer is a specialist
formulation developed to kill and
control even the hardest to get rid of
weeds
this contains glyphosate the world's
largest selling herbicide and try
clipper a herbicide very effective on
broadleaf and woody weeds the active
ingredients glyphosate and tri clipper
take about seven days to work their way
through the entire system before the
plant could be removed and as it's known
in our case at present the weeds won't
get that bird look so well there may not
be any immediate results it is working
this unique dual action formulation is
available in a one liter ready to use
and concentrate format and both are
available from Bunnings and worker treat
they're ready to use pack has a three
position trigger on/off and foam so you
can see where you've sprayed and the
concentrate bottle has a self drying
measuring cap so no mess and both have a
viewing strip to see how much we killer
is left now that's smart
when you spraying weeds especially tough
ones around existing plants you have to
have patience and the right technique as
glyphosate is a non-selective herbicide
you need to be extremely careful where
it's targeted if you're using a sprayer
be careful to use honor still a day as
possible and at a protective cone to the
nozzle creating a barrier between plants
and weeds this spray is non residual
breaking down in contact with soil so
any replanting can occur seven days
after treatment another great benefit is
its rain proof after 30 minutes I'd love
to find out how you keep your weeds in
check and if you spray how you protect
your plants as well here to our Facebook
page and let us know