hello everyone welcome back to my
channel this is M Muhammed and today I'm
going to show you how to remove
laminations from the paper so before I
start i' like to say if you want to
subscribe my channel so click this red
button to subscribe my channel so thank
you so let's
[Music]
start so first I'm going to laminate
this paper then I'll show you how to
remove
it is now going to l
it so
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah it is almost done
yeah this completed the lamination is
completed
[Music]
now gun here I'm going to use hot ear
gun but if you have hair dry machine so
that will be work
to starting heating up from the corner
of laminations and use some Shar object
like a knife to detach the both layer of
[Music]
laminations after detach the both layer
of laminations try to pull from one side
and keep hitting it
[Music]
up so like this try to gently pull this
out very slowly and keep hitting it up
so that it will be removed easily so
like this as you can see I'm going to
I'm removing this paper so like this you
can remove very easily any laminations
from any documents or any paper so thank
you very much for watching me and if you
did not subscribe my Channel Please
Subscribe me it will be help me lots and
if you have any question regarding this
video you can down you can write down
below and if you like my video you can
share it in your Facebook as well as you
can like this video so thank you till
next video bye-bye see you later