occasionally a toilet may become blocked
when the amount of debris exceeds the
water weight used in a typical flush
cycle the most common way to unblock a
toilet is to use a toilet plunger a
toilet plunger works by forcing water
against the blockage using pressure to
push offending debris through the UT
trap freeing the water flow plungers are
often all it takes to unblock and get a
toilet working again toilet plungers are
available at most hardware and general
goods stores and should not be confused
with their smaller counterparts sink
plungers when beginning this repair make
sure there is adequate water present in
the toilets Bowl plungers work by
pushing water so in certain situations
water will need to be added to the Bowl
before you start plunging insert the
toilet plunger into the bowl of the
toilet seat the plunger around on the
drain of the bowl making a close seal
which is important to maximize water
pressure rapidly depress the plunger
around 12 times forcing water against
the blockage unless the blockage is
severe this technique will break up
whatever is caught in the toilet U trap