whether it's a t-shirt towel or shirt
after a while all white fabrics can end
up looking like this bleaching agents in
washing detergents and chlorine bleach
which can damage fabric tissue often
aren't enough to maintain that whiteness
and this is where optical brighteners
come in so why do fabrics that are
treated with optical brighteners come
out whiter so in basic terms when a
fabric is treated with optical
brighteners the technically invisible UV
light is transformed into a visible
bluish violet light this means the
larger the amount of reflected light the
whiter the fabric appears in other words
we have succeeded in making white
brighter which thanks that the
additional blue violet color component
also compensates for the a now if we
take a look inside the light box we can
immediately see how much whiter and
brighter the treated shirt looks
you