so striker Benzes Sedna looks around
really doesn't want to bend his neck
striker came in and he's gingerly
walking around the yelps in pain when
you move his neck and dog-sit have neck
pain often will hold their head down and
they'll look at you through with the
corners of their eyes because they
really don't want to turn their neck
striker oh you piece but he didn't turn
to look at me he just started walking
towards me so striker has this problem
in his neck and if you press it usually
dogs have they can have this problems
their back and they can have a sore back
and you can you can sometimes push in
their muscles their back and they'll sit
down you know if it hurts something
striker seems to not have too many
problems in in that area they can have
disc problems up and then chest area or
around their ribs and you can press on
their vertebrae there the striker has
problems in his spine and if you press
usually they have pain along their
vertebrae and it's it's can be this
happens to be deep so you can see as I
press he backs away from it and she
shakes so it's down there see always see
how he's shaking and quivering you see
that so that that's us panama's this the
fight and nothing makes her dog Yelp war
you see he's already starting to cry so
if you put your hand on your
like that gently bring it around and
they start to cry see he flinches he
doesn't want you to do that see right
there he hurts him he starts to go down
and back so of course we don't want to
do that we'd wanna hurt Stryker huh are
you poor baby he's a poor baby so what
we're gonna numbness should the x-ray
but what we do for next problems in dogs
this will give them cortisone and some
pink color like tramadol and in usually
just like us back problems and neck
problems will go away in a week and but
it's always good to as the medication
and in case it gets worse again so I'll
show you the next very hot Stryker are
you are you boy
some of them yeah you can on the x-ray
you saw that there vertebra your blocks
like this and the discs are in spaces
between the discs are white jelly
doughnuts that are holding the vertebrae
apart and allowing things to bend like
that with the disturb to collapse they
they go upward where the ligament
between the vertebrae is thin and they
press on the nerves so you can imagine
that disc is pressing on that nerve and
weave in the neck like that and that
disc presses up on a nerve ow ow ow
that's what's happening
and in this sometimes if the disc
collapses and presses presses upward it
will actually press into the spinal cord
and cause the legs not to work and it
may cause paralysis and that's what why
I had a person or a dog legs don't work
very good because the disc can be
pressing on the nerve
the spinal cord if it's just pressing on
the nerve it just cuz it's an ally if
it's pressing on the spinal cord that it
can cause bigger problems so the model
helps you understand what caused the
neck who really hurt and nothing really
causes pain like that the dog that's the
most common cause a really severe pain
and for them to hold their head down
like that and they're not to turn and
look out the corner of their eye because
they're trying to avoid bending and
forcing that mr. president here in his
neck and in the neck area of the
vertebrae are very hard to read here's a
disk space here's a disk space there's a
disk space here's one here's one and
here's one this disk looks like it's got
some bridging underneath of it so
strikers vertebrae are here
and then this spaces are here and this
is a bony bridge between your vertebrae
when the vertebrae when the disk
collapses in between the vertebrae then
there's more movement and the body tries
to make a bridge to structurally make it
stronger and that's the evidence that
that that is not is weaker than it
should be and this is gasps and the
intestines and the owner does report the
striker does fart and have a lot of gas
so this is actually a latest or infarct
just thought you might wonder