hi it's chefville or Janie Pendleton
today we're back in the kitchen where
I'm going to show you how to make my
glutenfree flow MX but I'm glutenfree
and um I have celiac disease and these
are the things that I can put in to my
flow I'm not a vegan so these are some
things that I can put into my flour and
I've had no complaints I mean I I feel
fine with it I've never felt better in
my life since I went glutenfree um a lot
of my fans have children that are
Autistic or have um uh um Asher syndrome
am I saying that right um but
anyway uh this is something that you can
do you can switch your flowers out a cup
per cup uh for this and this right here
is actually a great thickener on other
things like pie fillings and things too
so this actually serves a lot more
purposes and it gives you a nice clear
uh uh filling and stuff so you want to
give this recipe a
try what I do with my gluten-free or my
flow uh jars my husband's in there
running the blow dryer right now you can
hear him uh he's getting the inside
really really dry cuz I just washed it
and um and you have to make sure that
your container's washed and cleaned
every time you make your gluten-free
flour mix now here's the lid I've got it
all washed and I got it
dried and what I've done here is I've
made just a little sack out of
Muslim let turn this inside out for you
see it's just a little sack made of
Muslim about the size of two fingers
wids here see that and F I can fit two
fingers down inside that see that and I
just labeled it that it was my
deodorizer
here now I've got all the
old baking soda out of
it and what I'm doing here is I'm just
putting a couple of teaspoons of baking
soda down inside of it just like this
right here now this will
deodorize and keep the odors out of my
gluten-free
flour for probably about a year I change
it out about every year and you can tie
this up with a strring I just use an old
bread tie or an old trash bag tie type
type tie thing
there
okay give that a good old twist just
like this and I double thickness the
wall see it's a double thickness of
material there
let me wrap that kind of around just
like that right
there and what we're going to do here
with this little bag look see it looks
like a little flower bag you'd see in
like at the little um like the little
dollhouses you see the little general
store things okay so you just want to
take some tape like
this and you want to tape it to the lid
just like that right
there now you want it you don't want to
tape the whole thing because this is
your deodorizer bag this is what draws
the odors out of your uh gluten-free
flowers trust me you'll always have
really fresh tasting food if you do
this see this keeps this part right here
exposed and this is how I make and I
think I've showed this to you before but
I don't think I ever posted the video I
don't think I have this video up on
YouTube
there we go some extra pieces of tape
and I'm just using regular Scotch tape
here make sure that that stays on and
you can see because I did this um and
you can see because I did this double
thickness that the see the baking soda
is not coming out of it but I didn't
tape anywhere in this area right here
and um and I wrote deodorizer on here so
that way everybody would know you know
if this fell into the flower what this
was okay here's our jar we're just going
to sit that down here inside of a bowl
because we want our flowers to catch it
right here now when I uh put my flour in
here and I put this deodorizer on the
top you want to be sure to get a
syllable lid see it's got that little
rubber ring around the lid right here
okay that makes that syllable so the air
doesn't really you know that the smells
of the kitchen and the things that I'm
cooking doesn't penetrate into all of my
gluten-free flour mixes okay that I'm
getting ready to show you that I'm
getting ready to make now you can do
this for your flour for your sugar for
anything it's just a little deodorizer
bag see that and it's just filled with
baking
soda easy to make fun to do your kids
can make them for you I just hand sewed
it took me about 15 minutes to make it
and put it together and now I have
something that keeps my flowers and my
gluten-free flowers and my sugars from
smelling like other Foods around them
especially if you're going to store this
in the freezer this really helps keep
your flowers from picking up freezer
odors so you can put this in any of your
uh freezer like your sweet rice
flour uh your potato flowers anything uh
your tapioca
flowers if you're going to store it like
this just put it on like that anyway
that's my kitchen tip of the day for the
gluten-free people out there or for
anybody out there who's having problems
with odors in their flowers that they
store them in the refrigerator even if
it be regular flour so um anyway just
let me know what you think of this
tip I just made on how to make my
deodorizers for my uh flow tops this
keeps your flowers fresh and from not
having odor in them especially since a
lot of times you'll want to store these
in the
freezer okay and I do store all of my
gluten-free flour uh types I store all
these in the freezer just bring them
down to room to picture give the jar a
little bit of a
shake just like this and kind of break
that up these will most of these will
stay good in the freezer for about a
year I've had them longer than that but
I try to tell you not to go longer than
a year and remember when you're going
from whole wheat regular flour and you
got all those vitamins that they they're
adding in the whole wheat flowers and
whole wheat Breads and things you're
losing that when you go glutenfree so be
sure and take your vitamins every day
that's very important if you're going to
be glutenfree
especially if you're an older woman like
myself and you're going through
menopause and stuff you need those extra
vitamins all right so let's go ahead and
let's get started on this
recipe okay the first thing we're going
to do is we're going to make sure that
our jar is extremely clean and dry my
husband went in after I washed it and he
blowdried it out you just want to make
sure every crevice is clean and dry and
this
is so what we're going to start out with
is we're going to start out with three
cups of tapioca
flour I don't know if you can read my
writing I wrote over another label there
so three cups of tapioca flour one oops
those are half
cups you know what it might be easier
for me to do the half
cups okay there's one and you don't have
to be exact on
this okay there you go three cups of
tapioca
flour and again you don't have to be
that doesn't have to be perfect um I am
out of white rice flour but I would put
in two cups of white rice flour but I am
out of
it so after the addition of the two cups
of white rice flour that's white rice
flour I'm going to add one cup of the
sweet rice
flour and again this is just half C
inals
here
okay
and I'm going to add in one cup of brown
rice
flour make sure you smell your flowers
make sure they're not
ranted okay that was more like 3/4 of a
cup I think of
that now I'm going to add in
three cups of corn starch now you don't
have to add the corn starch if you have
this thing against corn or if you have
any kind of a corn allergy you can just
bypass that and add zoram flour
instead one
cup two cups
this is messy and this is why I put this
in a bowl it kind of catches some of it
I
guess not this
day still smells good I'm going to go
ahead and add in uh 3 tablespoons of
potato starch that's 3
tablespoons
one
2 and three
just because I need to use that up I've
had that in the refrigerator for a while
you don't have to add
that okay and here is if you can see
through here my potato
flour I'm going to add six tablespoons
of potato
flour this really adds the nutrients
back in that flour that we lost because
we switched from regular flour wheat
flowers and stuff to to glutenfree
flowers so that brown rice and this
potato flour they they add that back in
again okay now when my white rice flour
get here I'll add two cups of that to
this mix as well it's still usable right
now okay now we're just going to put the
lid on here just like that right
there no longer need that
bowl
okay be careful with this next step
because you might want to even tape the
lid down but press on this really really
pretty hard push on this end and then
we're just going to take making sure
that our hand never leaves this we pull
that lid off we're just going to keep
doing this right here and we're going to
rotate it you can use a whisk if you
want
to but we're just going to keep rotating
it just like this right
here getting our
exercise yes job okay so see I'm getting
my workout you see that quite the
workout okay and there you
go you want to make this before you
clean your kitchen because these flowers
do they're very powdery they do get
everywhere
I mean just that right there for my
dishwasher so all right and there you
have it my glutenfree flour mix and
again I'll go back and I'll get that
when that uh rice flour comes in from
Berry Farm foods.com where I get I'll
put that link up that's where I get my
show it to
you this is where I get my flowers
from Berry Farm
foods.com okay and these come in one
pound increments
I get my spices there you want to know
where I get my five Berry pepper spices
that's where I get those from so just
give them a visit it's kind of a little
bit difficult to shop in their store you
just kind of have to work around it but
you can and uh it's pretty fast
delivery they're in Ohio I think and I
just live in Indiana so it doesn't cost
me that much to ship their stuff so all
right that's it these are good for
anything from blueberry muffins to
strawberry cake to breads um um but
mostly I use this in gravies sauces and
stews and uh this is great for chicken
fingers gluten-free chicken fingers and
things like that you know chicken fried
steak anyway I hope you enjoy this uh
glutenfree recipe for my gluten-free
flour mix this is Chef and Builder jie
Pendleton and remember glutenfree it can
be a good thing blessings