you
[Music]
economics of growing lavender
[Music]
because of lavenders many uses the
fragrant herb can be grown for profit
however there are factors to consider
before mowing over your other flowers
and planting a field of lavender to sell
you must make sure you have optimal
growing conditions enough capital
investment and a market and labor for
the finished product
[Music]
uses of lavender
[Music]
because of its old-fashioned floral
fragrance lavender is a popular herb
among flowering busiest it has medicinal
properties such as even minor burns
headaches and insomnia you can mix it
with soaps put it in dishes amuse it in
sachets around your house not only is it
beautiful but lavender makes a great
pest repellent lavender has even been
grown landfills to hide the smell of
garbage
capital investment
in order to grow lavender you need to
purchase lavender seeds or plants the
average cost of a fully developed
lavender plant is around 12 in 2010
however you can purchase younger
specimens for between 4 & 6 seeds are
just as Pressy depending on how many
plants you want to grow you can expect
to spend 200 for 10,000 seeds
optimal conditions lavender prefer slimy
sandy soil if your soil is acidic you
will have to add garden line to it if
your soil is too rich you will have to
add sand and pebbles to the dirt before
planting lavender also prefers sand and
small pebbles to regular when mulches so
be sure you buy enough of each half a
cubic foot of sander pebbles can cost
between three and five in 2010 lavender
does not do well in high humidity
because of it being funky prone
therefore be sure to plant your herb
where it will get plenty of sunlight
the market
[Music]
choose the right variety of lavender for
your market true lavender produces only
1/3 the amount of dried flowers and oil
is lavender cultivars once you have
decided on the type of plant you need
you will have to determine whether you
wanted to sell the dried flowers or the
oil from your plants if you decide to
sell the oil you
extraction machine piece can cost
roughly nine thousand if you decide to
sell the flowers you need to determine
how you will sell them you can put them
in sachets or hand creams and soaps you
can even sell them in culinary dishes
such as lavender shortbread gem or lemon
squares however you decide to market
your lavender remember that additional
ingredients such lemons for cooking
vitamix open ribbons to tie up dried
stalks add additional cost
[Music]
maybe
once your lavender production is at a
point where you can no longer tend to
your plants and products on your own you
will need to hire help look into your
state's laws before hiring employees
depending on the number of employees you
retain the government may require you to
pay minimum wage and certain benefits to
your employees
[Music]
you
[Music]