hey everyone it's me Kelly King from you
got nails and today I'm going to show
you how to do a water marble manicure
with the st. Patrick's Day theme this
manicure is really fun and it's actually
not that difficult I also want to give a
shout out to my friends Joey
Elle King rocks in solitary misfit I
forgot to shout them out in the last
video and I'm so sorry you guys anyway I
hope you all enjoy this tutorial and
happy st. Patrick's Day to begin this
tutorial you're going to paint four of
your nails white and your thumb green
the next step is to tape off your
cuticles I use painters tape but you can
use scotch tape this prevents all of the
polish from the water marble from
getting all over your hands the first
step in any water marble is to build
your bullseye you do this by adding
drops of polish to a cup of
room-temperature filtered water one tip
for building your bullseye is to not
make your drops of polish too large or
to hold the brush too high above the
water this will cause the Polish to
become a bead and drop to the bottom of
your cup for this particular color
combination I'm using eleven drops of
polish first the pink then the yellow
then the green then the blue then the
purple and repeating that one more time
and adding one last dot of pink the more
colors you do the thinner your bands
will be now it's time to make your
design in the Polish dip in orange wood
stick or toothpick into the center of
the Polish and drag out to the edges of
your cup this will attach the design and
make sure it doesn't move when you dip
your finger for this water marble I
wanted my lines to stay pretty straight
so I'm not going to do any additional
swirls now I'm going to dip my fare into
the Polish first line it up with the
part of the design you like and then dip
it into the water be careful not to hit
the edge of the cup hold your finger
underwater and give the Polish on top a
moment to dry you're going to use your
orange wood stick to swirl around and
clean up the excess polish before you
take your finger out of the water if you
take it out before you clean up the
Polish your water marble design will be
ruined by the polish on the top of the
water
take your finger out of the water and
admire your beautiful design remove the
tape and you can see your awesome
rainbow repeat the design on the
remaining three fingers with the white
polish we're going to do something
different with our green thumb feel free
to move the cup to make it easier for
you to dip your finger on the best part
of the design a tip to help you clear
away the polish faster is to blow
lightly on the top layer that makes it
dry quickly and it's easier to clean up
when you finish you'll have a really
awesome looking rainbow on four of your
nails we are going to make our thumb a
pot of gold start by using either a
really dark green or a black polish to
paint the bottom half of your thumbnail
then use a dotting tool or a toothpick
to apply some clear coat to the top half
of your nail to make my gold I'm using
yellow gems you can also use your
dotting tool or a toothpick to create
small dots using gold polish this works
just as well
the last step is to add a four-leaf
clover to the bottom of your pot of gold
use your dotting tool or toothpick to
make four dots
then drag the outside of the dot towards
the center this brings all of your
petals together and you get a really
neat four-leaf clover
and that's it I hope you guys enjoyed
this manicure and happy st. Patrick's
Day