hey guys so today I want to share with
you guys how I make this birthday party
hat
this hat is only gonna be for Kimberly I
do have other kinds of hats you could
say for the older kids so those are the
ones that I'm gonna be giving the little
girls with a headband with the ice cream
cone and so for Kimberly I wanted
something a little bit more different
and I kind of wanted to get creative on
it and everything so yeah I'm gonna show
you guys a little first right here I
have kind of like a template basically
this is one that I made for her last
year it was really cute it kind of just
came apart through the year they had
like a nice beautiful hard heel
basically I'm gonna do kind of the same
thing here so I have this template and I
pretty much copied it from a actual hat
that I bought at a store so I'm just
gonna copy it cut it out and then put it
together and then I just embellished it
you could pretty much never go wrong on
how to make a hat you could just stick
girly however you want and it will work
out perfectly so yeah I'm gonna use this
as my template so here as you can see I
have different colors and prints of
paper so these are the colors that I'm
gonna be using and the prints were may
be easy so first off supply Selena for
this project basically you just need a
paper lots of paper so you can make your
creations some embellishments maybe like
pom-poms I made these I have a separate
video that I'm gonna do to show you
these how to make these pom-poms you can
use string as well to embellish it
flowers like these or like sticker ones
like these you can use anything and you
can embellish your hat like however you
want it will look beautiful also you
will need it's definitely something like
stretchy so you can put the hat on so
yeah basically what I have here is this
elastic Fanus a really thin one and it
works out perfect make sure that you
slice it right for your child because
you don't want it too tight and then
they're just gonna take it off
completely so first stop and we'll start
off with the sprinkle paper so I'm going
to go to every
on the side I'm gonna go ahead and turn
this paper around and I'm gonna go ahead
and like basically trace this template
here onto this paper so I can cut it out
and make the Hat okay so once that's
traced this is the way it's going to
look and you're just gonna go ahead and
cut it out make sure you add this flap
because you're definitely going to need
it to close your hat around like
basically the way you're gonna close it
is like this so that flap is basically
where you're going to tape tape it or
glue it on here like this so that's how
it's going to close so now my hat is all
cut out I'm gonna go ahead and put this
on the side you never throw any scrap
paper away because you can use it for
another project okay so once that's cut
out basically you want to go ahead and
play with the sizing of the scoops and
the comb so I'm gonna go ahead and just
put this here on the side for now and
I'm gonna go ahead and try to draw like
the scoops and the poem so I can cut
that out and put it all together
[Music]
alright guys so here's my first cocoon
and the scoop I think is the most
challenging one to make but look at this
guy's that just looks super super cute
[Music]
to do so basically I'm going to use the
small cone the pink scoop first and then
the main scoop at the top and that's
basically going to be because it's
what's going to match her shirt if you
can tell and then also I'm probably
gonna add some sprinkles see how that
looks on the scoops and then so I'm
going to do the number two in pink so it
can go on top of the mint scoop and then
I'm gonna add some other details you
guys will see
[Music]
[Music]
okay so basically all you need like I
said it was yarn or whatever
embellishment you want to put at the top
you need paper maybe some gemstones you
can use flowers you could use anything
to embellish your hat you also need a
glue stick and a glue gun to put it
together so yeah basically I'm just
gonna leave a small piece here and I'll
show you guys for what right now so I'm
gonna go ahead and glue this part to the
back of it and then that little flap
that I left here just around it like
that okay so just kind of hold that
there awhile like be longer now I'm
gonna go ahead and put the ice cream
stuff together and then I'm gonna go
ahead and put it on there alright guys
so now I'm happy with it honestly I had
messed up the pink school with the happy
face I said like a million over here you
can see I just wasn't content with what
I was getting and I just messed around
with it until I got the perfect one or a
better one so I'm gonna go ahead and
start getting the ice cream together and
then I'm gonna glue it on here and then
I'll add some sprinkles on the scoops
and then you guys will see the rest
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright guys so yeah I had a glue gun
burn and oh my gosh it hurts so bad I'm
gonna show you guys but it doesn't look
pretty
it looks pretty ugly and it hurts a lot
yeah like I was gluing the ice cream on
the head and then Kimberly was nearby so
basically I have the tripod here and
everything connected here and she loves
coming over here and they're getting
hard dolls and putting them on the floor
so I have this over here and I had the
glue gun like glue I mean connected here
but I had it in a way that it's just
like over here for me I guess and my
husband was watching her right but I
don't know she came nearby and she
dropped the tripod like the cable was
connected like this and then the
trackball was right there and then she
dropped a tripod the fullness right here
and then I felt over there and then
smart-me they decided to turn around get
upset on my husband and at the same time
I completely forgot what I was doing I
guess I mean I knew what I was doing but
I just didn't stink so basically I put
the I remember clearly I put the ice
cream cutout down on this plate here
after I did that I still had the glue
gun on my hand so I was like okay I'm
gonna burn myself well little did i know
i grabbed the paper the ice cream paper
or the hot glue that i had just put on
there and I burned myself and my finger
hurts really bad I think I like pinched
it and it even hurts more like a Tylenol
and yeah I'm just hoping it feels better
because it's pretty painful I researched
online you pretty much put it in egg
whites white vinegar so that's what I'm
doing I'm just gonna end up putting some
ointment that I have
over there and a golf and covering it up
for the night because it's pretty late
actually it's 11:30 and this has to
happen
and honestly I'm just thankful that it
happened to me and not the baby because
on this issue probably wouldn't stop
crying at all like this is really really
painful but the pain is pretty bad so
but yeah the whole time I'm just
thinking it could have been worse it
could have been for the baby or anything
like that that I guess just will teach
me a lesson to be a hundred percent
extra careful when I'm a glue gun and a
hundred percent they make sure that I
have the time career like that I don't
have the baby around so I don't have to
describe distract myself and burn myself
again so yeah I'm gonna show you guys
now so if you guys don't want to see it
just you can clicked off the video all
right so here it is it's pretty ugly as
you can see that wide strip right there
it's my skin literally like it's like
literally pinched in there and then you
can see I still have glue there which
and I don't know how to take off
I think olive oil might help with that
but right now doing this on the vinegar
is hoping a little bit with the paint
and then over here I had egg whites and
I had put an ointment
first like a burn spray and then I point
mint and then it wasn't the right one it
was it was a it was the right one it was
for burnt but I believe better on the
neosporin so we were finally able to
find that and so right now I'm just
having it here but then I'm gonna clean
it up and put some women and wrap it up
and hopefully I could sleep tonight
I think they
and the thing was this yeah like
literally it was a complete accident my
husband was actually talking to me hi
and Kimberly was distracted I did tell
him she's gonna drop the iPad the nut
iPad the tripod and what happened you
didn't listen to me right
and then she I'm alone I know that's the
thing I was I like I was I was like
really Jose really and then I wasn't
thinking of what I was doing like I just
did it like I grabbed a paper and then I
put the glue gun there but then after I
grabbed the paper and it starts burning
it like literally like burned my finger
and hurts it hasn't stopped hurting so
yeah guys that happened and well I mean
I mean honestly guys I'm just 100% happy
that it happened to me it's painful and
it sucks and I wish it wouldn't happen
but I'm just happy to happen I mean not
Kimberly because honestly if it would
have happened to any of the kids they
wouldn't stop chronic and hurts really
bad but I mean I have some pain poem
okay so it's another day and I am here
with my um still hurting a little it
doesn't like hurt but if I touch it it
won't hurt anyway I'm doing my best to
try to continue working on this because
nobody else is gonna do it for me and I
gotta get done because oh yeah anyways
I'm cutting the sprinkles now though
here is my finished product for the ice
cream with the sprinkles I will say the
sprinkles are the hardest thing to glue
on here just because they're so tiny and
honestly what worked best for me was you
seeing the regular school glue like the
liquid one rather than the glue stick
the glue stick was just not sticking as
well and so that's this works a lot
better like that everything's glued on
there I'm gonna go ahead and just finish
gluing the gemstones around the border
of the Hat here I still need to add the
finished product which is the pom-pom
over here but like I said I'm gonna do a
mixture of mint and pink pom pom to put
up here so I'm not gonna be able to do
that today until I get the pink yarn
that I need I have the main one but I
need the pink and then I'll be showing
you guys how to make the pom pom as well
in a different video so I went ahead and
did Kimberly's but they had a pom-pom I
do have a tutorial video on how to do
this a DIY so this is how it came out
now I'm gonna go ahead and attach it to
her hat
alright guys so there you go that's how
you make a birthday hat and you can make
this however you want any colors you
want you can add any embellishments you
could do anything like I said I did ice
cream theme as you guys can see so make
sure you check out my pom pom tutorial
DIY video I have a whole lot of other
DIY videos on my channel for this
birthday ice cream theme you can
incorporate them and any other theme as
well you can mix it up you can add
different stuff but use the same
techniques to make certain stuff so I
hope you guys enjoy those videos thank
you guys so much for watching make sure
you give it a thumbs up also make sure
you hit the subscribe button to used to
see the upcoming videos and hit the
little Bell button associates can be
notified when I upload a video and leave
your comment below how much you like
this video and if you would love to see
more DIY videos so yeah thank you guys
so much for watching and I will talk to
you soon
bye
[Music]