right in this video we can be showing
you how to waterproof your 9.9 command
10 free of charge without any chemicals
it's very easy when I first got my 9 by
9 and British Army at the command tent
it leaked and this was almost new so I
was really myth why
so four okay rather and spend a small
fortune on waterproofing it with all
sorts and you know with the forks that
could need doing another day again and
again and again before that can be quite
expensive quite time-consuming and if
she ever at the fan there wouldn't be
any shops this area the waterproofing
stuff a good friend of mine briber
outdoors he had the same problem with
his Arctic and ten now what he was
saying is said them it was leaking
around all of the seams and in my
instance it did it used to drip and run
down inside the window flap so he said
to me all you got to do is you set your
tent up and leave it okay so I thought
what is that it she did he said he read
up on it and it the same problems his
new tent leaks like a sieve and he was
miffed same as me so he said then we got
to do is you've got to season it now
what that actually means is from how I
understand it if you set your tent up as
good as the example as you can get it
everything destroyed everything talk and
make sure we've got good quality big
tent pegs yeah because like me
obviously standard Bishop egg and basher
pegs and when the winds did come the
whole lot just fell over it's not
so that good quality steaks make sure
it's really securely seated to the
ground right and just leave it it's okay
so how does it work then and so all it
does is when the weather especially here
in the UK it goes hot cold rain dry and
all of the time then processes happen
the sewing strands the thread that
stitches all together expand and
contract every time that happens it
eventually stops until it can't really
expand and contract no more so what that
actually does is it pretty much seals
all of the holes they'll put in there
for the threads to go through so in
effect creating a watertight silk and it
actually works and this has been up
around about a year and I only take it
down when I go to the gathering events
and when I use it otherwise it's set up
permanently garden so my understanding
is if you set it up leave that outside
for as long as you can make sure it's
securely done and the weather will
actually waterproof it for you you would
have to spend a fortune on chemicals you
won't have to like use chemicals you
just leave it I think we'd swap as I say
it gets wet it gets hot it gets cold the
materials are moving around and once
it's done it's bit if it really does
walk through it and it will cruise it
very well indeed and what used to happen
is the the rain would sit and sack on
the roof area well guess what no more it
just sheets off of it now it's
unbelievable and every single thing that
I've kept inside storage has remained
dry and even along the problem areas
along here as I said earlier it just
expands and contracts all of the
material and it just prevents mine from
getting in so there you go a nice little
tip it's actually called seasoning
canvas and that's all it is so check it
out as well for Troy and it will save
you a lot of money it does take longer
obviously I mean I'm doing it for about
a year to really make sure I guess you
only have to do it for a month or two
but to be sure I'm doing it for a full
12 months or all the seasons so it is
proper seasons so thanks for watching
guys stay phone
you
you
you