so for today's tutorial I'm going to
show you how to make a petticoat I
wanted to give it cheap and cheerful so
I used a t-shirt to be recycled so I
guess it's a t-shirt recon and as I said
I wanted to keep it cheap so far in
total I have it for less than 5 year
which is really good because when you
look up on internet they can price up to
over 60 year old everybody that I work
out but around pretty good myself so I
use a t-shirt nice to be for myself
something a steak and chilled or
knitting I use the cheapest I could find
was a very plasticky thing I had it for
half prices was I had it for a decent
manner
somebody's binding some ribbon that I
already had and some cotton netting
which is optional by the way I realize
already saving the video and I forgot
about it this way would say that now I
said I was going to do two type of ways
but one is elastic which is there and
another one which I totally forgot about
so it's very easy instead of putting the
cut out part of the t-shirt on the top
you can put the hem ties underneath as
they sleep on top and use the hem as a
channel for drawstring and just cut two
slits in it and put a drawstring in it
and it will do the same effect and you
can leave to cut out cupped underneath
row because it will Fred so that's
pretty much it
so Andresen tutorial so first I'm going
to cut my t-shirt right under the arm on
a straight line just like so and that's
going to be my new base for my petticoat
where the elastic will go now we need to
figure out how big we want a base to be
and how big we want donating to be so I
want my petticoat to be 21 inches long
and a third of that length is going to
be on the base so seven inches is going
to be the
is of my base and to that I'm going to
add one inch is one inch
sorry for the casing for my elastic so
from where you cut your t-shirt
downwards you're going to draw a line at
eight inches and that's going to be your
new stitch line for your netting for the
state for the netting you'll have 14
inches remaining and you add half an
inch to that for seam allowance and
that's pretty much it so moving on to
the netting part of the petticoat and
the netting I have there is 16 inches
wide which is perfect because I want
something that is 3 meters wide and then
gather it in so the length of it will be
14 to 14 inches remaining for the
petticoat plus half an inch on the top
for seam allowance also make sure you
cut those plastic Salvage because it's
just going to be pain to sew it together
and for each layer then I'm going to cut
two of knitting so I will have two
pieces that are 1 meter and a half long
and put together I will have 3 meters
and of course I'm going to sew them
together to have a big huge cube that
I'm going to gather on the top if you
don't know how to gather fabric or
netting it's all the same way I just go
along to my skirt Lolita skirt tutorial
and put a link down in the description
down below and I'm also going to add the
same way a layer of the skirt in
lighting cutting netting yeah got a name
just to see how it will go together so
I'll show you one sister right so once
you have everything gathered you can
actually pin it to the shirt or round on
the top of it and right-side up just
like so
and so all around and repeat the process
for all your layers and I'll show you
what to do next okay so now you have all
your layers sewn in but you have all
those raw edges and this doesn't really
look good so you can trim them a bit and
then we are going to do for the camera
properly it's going to so that's a
ribbon to encase strong stitching so of
course I only have this type of even in
the biggest quantity boy you will match
the world thing up usually so that's
what we're going to do and then we are
going to finish the edges of each layer
with some bias binding and we are just
going to sandwich to him like so and the
base for the three layers so now we are
nearly finished as you can see the
ribbon is on and it's hiding away all
the raw edges and hem has been been done
by covering all the raw edges with bias
binding now we need to make the casing
for the elastic so the elastic should be
about the size of your waist plus a bit
of easing so hoping it would fit snugly
but not too tight and the size really is
up to you
for me I will need a one-inch casing so
I will fold the t-shirt inward one inch
sew along the edge sew along the edge
and I will make sure I leave an opening
to feed the elastic through all right so
once your channel is sewn on it's time
to put
it's time to feed the elastic through it
so take a safety pin attach it to the
Emma stick and start hiding it through
the channel
okay now the elastic is fed through the
channel it's time to connect pcs so just
put them on top of each other and
there's different ways you can saw it
personally I like to make a little box
shape with an X inside
I find it to make it quite strong but
that's up to you really
and once that's done you can close up
the channel and what I usually do is I
sew along in the middle while stretching
it so the everything will be even and
the elastic won't twist or turn alright
that's it for today I hope you liked the
tutorial and if you did like the video I
invite you to give it a thumbs up and
also to subscribe to the crafts gamer
channel for my videos you can always
leave me a comment down below or on the
different social networks such as
Facebook Twitter Instagram and so on so
thank you very much and see you next
time bye
you