hi I thought I'd do a short video and
show you what I've learned about
gleaning uh the best pots for succulents
and sedums and planting them as well as
drilling some of the holes for the pots
um quick overview some of the pots I
think are great is the center Front One
the Festa Weare bowl that one's fabulous
CU it's big and it's wide and it's not
it it's deep enough it's got about 3 in
of depth uh some of the other ones on
the right are great because they're wide
open few of them that I'd question would
be maybe the teapot and I'll tell you
why because if you put something in it
and it grows and it gets Roots it's
going to be very difficult to get out of
that teapot plus you really ruin the
teapot if you ever want to use it for
anything
else I brought another teapot to show
you what I did I love the color of this
blue because it goes with everything I
have blue and purple's kind of my thing
but I just actually just put the pot
itself in there now granted this
probably will get too big for this
little pot but I can always find
something else to put in there and I
just kept it tuck in there and I put
some bark in the bottom and I didn't
drill a hole in this pot so I can enjoy
the teapot and I can enjoy it later if I
want to use it for tea but I'm not
limiting myself or the growth of the
plant by um girdling the roots in there
so that's my suggestion is try to find
pots that have open edges like this one
or even the square ones in the back
there some of the pots I have have
already been drilled for instance this
one nice half inch hole nice half oh
that one doesn't have a hole yet okay
that'll be one of our sample ones but
some of them have been drilled already
and we'll work on the rest of
them okay let's give this a whirl first
you need a drill preferably a uh
portable one so that you can keep it
really at low speed if possible you want
to go slow and sure you don't want to
rush this thing because it's going to
heat up and if it does get too hot you
might want to take it off blow it off
and put a little water on it like you
would with a tile saw anyway the drill
bits quite a bit different it's
ventilated and also it has like a
diamond tipped Edge on it and it doesn't
have a pilot hole like a pointed thing
so we've got to kind of go on a little
bit of an angle at first and then tip it
up and let the drill bit do the work
don't try to force it better to go slow
and just keep going at it and getting it
correct rather than breaking your pieces
this one came with a little template
this is called a diamond hole saw blade
or drill bit and it's for ceramic and
granite and Porcelain so you can get
these on Amazon or I got that one at
Lowe's this one came with a little
template which is kind of Handy for some
things um some of the bowls aren't quite
so flat but nonetheless I took I'll take
this in this case and put it on this uh
piece and then tape it down and then it
uses it gives me a little more stability
so let's give it a
shot um take this cute little guy here
who has a nice little flat Square
surface there's no little grooves for
all the roots to get stuck
on let's get him kind of Fairly stable
here we'll just find a place that's good
to put a hole there so hang on just a
second and I'll tape it
down towards a flat piece like that so
I'm trying to get skilled on this I did
practice on some plates first some old
crappy plates that I've got that are
broken just to try it so try practicing
on stuff you don't care about before you
try with something you really do care
about or you can't replace so let's give
it a shot um make sure it's fairly
stable um I'm right-handed so this is
going to be
difficult but I will give it a shot so
you want to go a little bit of an angle
first get it get a grip on
it once you feel it has a little bit of
uh grip then you can tip it
up stop periodically and make sure
you blow it out make sure you're not
sliding around on it
like I said do it slowly you don't want
to push it and then crack the glass
okay it went
through the nice thing is this this
thing actually polishes the hole while
you get it through so there you go
you're good to go take that off and
plant that puppy
up okay so final step you really want to
have uh your piece clean and ready to be
have to put the template on it templates
pretty important cuzz otherwise you just
can't stabilize this kind of a bit there
may be another bit you can get that um
you'd have to start a pilot hole with
but this one works pretty well with the
diamond tip on it and it's like
a little tube thing so anyway here's the
template they gave me with it I kind of
stick it at wherever it'll fit cuz
sometimes it doesn't go right in the
middle it doesn't matter as long as it's
in the bottom and then I will tape it
down so let me pause for just a second
okay so finally finally that one went
through I don't know how thick this pot
was but it sure felt like hell anyway
they're not usually L bad but anyway so
you're ready to take the templates out
and we're ready to uh put some soil and
plant these puppies so let's have some
fun okay so here's the pot collection I
got done
today uh this was probably one of the
hardest ones I don't know why um some of
these were a little easier to do and
this guy was cute he was pretty easy too
so let's get some bark and some soil and
get some of these planted okay well
first off I use bark usually at the
bottom sometimes mix it in but usually
did the bottom for drain you know to for
drainage holes to cover them a little
bit and then I put top it off at the
tops to keep the squirrels out of my
Planters then I use some kind of a
cactus mix about half and half with
really fine finely ground uh red or
black pmus stone so about 50/50 mix if I
can I just kind of mix it up in a bowl
okay one thing I want point out one
thing I wanted to point out quickly is
that in this pot here this one has all
those little crevices I told you to
avoid because the root balls would get
buried in there it's hard to move plants
out so what I do if I have something I
just love like this I go and I just
shove bark in those little crevices so
it kind of keeps an opening really
nicely for the plant so if I ever have
to move it I can usually get it out it
usually doesn't grow roots in the bark
it'll grow it in the soil so anyway kind
of shove the bark in the corners and
then I put the soil and then I put the
plant in so I'm just putting a little
thin layer of bark in all of these right
now okay I wanted to do one last uh
video and show you some of the things we
planted today uh I got a few of these
already were drilled these little um
these were ashtrays actually which are
Little Dutch shoes and I got those at a
garage sale for 50 the pot behind it is
one of the ones we drilled I
planted uh my tea pot that's the one I
told you I only put bark in the bottom
third of it and then I put just a pot in
the top and then uh when it gets wet or
it rains I just pour the excess water
out the the uh teapot hole so that it
doesn't sit in any
water um the thing be in the back there
is actually a cake or a plate rack that
I got it's a metal plate rack I got that
at a yard sale for a buck or so it just
looks cute with the plates in it and
then I put the plants on it okay let's
finish up over here
here's some of the ones we drilled
there's the the ducks that were such a
pain to drill uh little Victorian
house um little donkey I didn't put too
much in his bucket I don't I like things
to
grow um here's a little coffee cup but
it's actually an Italian
motorcycle and then this was another
little pot that was kind of fun I had
this little figurine from Cuba was a
little bit x-rayed it used to sit on its
back and you could burn incense through
his special spot but I decided to make
him look like a beach bum instead so
anyway uh sedums are
fun
and there are some of those and here's
what it's all about here's what it's all
about right
here every day is happy hour in the
garden especially at the end of the
day so happy gardening
if you enjoyed this video please support
reading as Magic by clicking subscribe
the red button below it's free also
please comment like or share these
videos with your friends and thanks for
watching reading is Magic