he's got a a bandage on here and he
needs cold applied to that you go ahead
and get your cold pack two different
types of cold pack that you can use
that's depending on what your facility
uses you can get these
kind and all you would do is snap to
break it loosen it up and it starts
getting cold and on these it says apply
this side to your desired area now my
area is covered already with this W but
if it wasn't I'd make sure I'd get
something like a washcloth or a um
pillowcase just something so that the
plastic isn't right on it but like I
said he's got the wrap so I can go ahead
and apply the
coal so I've got the cold on
there with this other type of cold
compress you would open it up it opens
up like this and what I'm going to do is
fill ice in there so I'd go to the ice
machine fill the ice up the thing is you
don't want to get the ice all the way to
the top so just um put it about a little
more than 34 the way
up close it again put it on now this has
got the covering over it so that would
act like a protectant and then you could
go ahead and put the cold compress on
wherever you need it to be
on the important thing with cold
compresses is to make sure that you come
back and check the Integrity of the skin
at least every hour check to make sure
that the skin isn't getting white or um
or too cold check the pulses make sure
the pulses are okay your CMS your color
motion and
sensation so like I said make sure it's
not getting quite make sure he has a
good pulse you could go ahead and check
capillary refill make sure he can move
his hand okay that it's not doing
that make sure that he has sensation you
know make sure he can feel if you're you
know lightly pinching he's able to feel
that's just your CMS check and do that
every hour while you have that cold
compress on or even afterwards just to
make sure that the um wound is healing
correctly so that would be cold hot is
when we use an aqua
pad an aqua
pad is just a plastic and I've got it
covered
in a
pillowcase but it's just plastic but
it's got Heat going through it so again
you don't want that directly on the skin
so I've got a pillow case over it I've
got it on the affected
area I make sure that my machine is
correctly filled there's a line here you
want to make sure that the water which
you'll be using distilled water in this
machine is up to the line because you
don't want it to go
dry so you check that first if it needs
more there's just a cap you open up the
cap and you put your water in there that
you need everything is okay and then you
just go ahead
and turn it on and they are set so that
it doesn't get too hot but you still
need to come in every hour and again
check the CMS make sure that the skin
isn't getting too red where with the
cold you didn't want it to get white you
don't want this to get too red one uh
good example that you use at Aqua is if
an IV has gone bad if you get fitis from
an IV and you want to apply heat to it
that's when you could be using this but
again check the color the motion the
sensation the same way you did for the
core
make sure you're doing it for the hot
also your Mosby discs goes into hot and
cold and they have a lot of good
information on all of this um the last
thing I just wanted to show you is your
scds sequential compression devices you
see these a lot in um postoperative
floors because the purpose of these is
to put them on the patient and these
will go above the knee they're more like
thigh high they promote circulation
that's why it's very important for your
patient after after surgery because
they're not up and around like they
normally would be so a lot of times the
physician will order these until the
patient is ambulatory and ambulating
frequently so just to show you what
they're like they're just on here make
sure you get the knee joint where
there's no the
opening and they just Velcro
on this part here would go to the
machine and either the machine usually
is just at the end of the bed so it just
hooks up to the tubes you turn the
machine on and what happens is that it
just compresses the leg and then it
releases it compresses the leg and then
it releases promoting the circulation
there again you could continue to check
circulation even with these on check
those petal pulses make sure you still
got good pedal pulses they're able to
move their foot you can check capillary
refill make sure they sensation they're
always always ordered or more than
likely ordered for the lower extremities
they can have knee highs or thigh high
in
length and I think that pretty much is a
like I said a very brief and quick
overview of these different
miscellaneous things that we wanted you
to know on so make sure you review about
your hot and cold in different um um
Theory that's applied to it and when you
would use it review over your scds
review over the different types of wraps
and make sure you know how to do each of
the wraps and that ends it for this
skill