[Music]
good morning today is going to be a busy
one
first I have to shoot my new YouTube
video for my main channel so I have
Logan coming over and then it's just a
lot to do today I am doing a video for
my main channel with Logan are you doing
and we're gonna shave his legs yeah so
um he's so excited I gotta go now
no no yes I'll see you later I was good
good videos ever made just now hold on
okay okay I'm in there and you're gonna
sit down and we're gonna shave your legs
and be fun just for fun for you you know
you're fine that's when shaving your
legs on what you die I'm alright and so
just see this video make sure you
subscribe to my main channel also and
let's get started oh my gosh I should hi
the bang oh that was fun I just um watch
shaved Logan's legs that was fun I was
so much fun Logan Paul yeah boom Oh for
us you guys if you want to see what his
legs look like right now you have to go
to my main channel but he did a great
kick your trooper not many men would do
that but this one he gave it his all she
texted me last night and she said hey
like hide this video and I want to shave
your legs
mmm I go on nah I'm good here and then
she goes okay sleep on it and she slept
on that convinced me out and then I said
I have a steak sandwich at my house you
want to bite and then he comes over to
get the steak sandwich and boom gotta
that's why how to catch them all just
offer a steak sandwich so look at you're
going to clean that up
yeah probably probably not I'm probably
good just stay in there and clean it up
good good stuff yeah that was fun
need to do more of these it's like a
challenge
Oh bad accent oh yeah I don't think he
has really hairy legs yeah yeah he's
pretty smooth guy yeah he doesn't have
much you're like a mammoth yeah so he is
that I don't know a very man say bye to
the vlog Logan I got to go to my dentist
appointment bye good bye guys thanks for
watching made me late for my dentist
appointment I made you late Oh Billy
yeah got four floors to myself I need to
just like break that wall that I have
not wanting to be an elevator with other
people
I just need to realize that sorry thank
you I just need to realize that there
are people do and maybe they could be my
new best friends if I just would get
myself to talk to them and back again
way before my lyft drivers here I'm a
gentle woman and gentle man
and gentle man
there is high
yeah good and go into the dentist
[Music]
have water or you can be c1 uh that's
perfect
still a lot it
Oh car thank you usually people are
scared when they go to the dentist but
for me I'm excited
relaxed marie's then namaste good night
to the floor Oh hair are you guys very
good you're ready yeah yeah you look
pretty oh thank you over here days cool
so much to do um it's good feel great
yeah good good yeah let's see this give
me all the meds you got oh so you can't
hold that why we're doing the video or
what yeah okay I mean there's this time
or somebody know that you can click oh
I'll just probably lift it up at random
time Oh scared one bit done don't
a champion yeah going good I need to fix
this
oh yeah oh yeah he's missed a race
already yeah
[Music]
Wow it feels like a mini heart attack
when the happens is great that's why
does it do that like make your heart
race the epinephrine in the in the
anesthetic you know like pulp fiction
yeah when you do like the needle in the
leg yeah yeah the same thing races makes
your heart race oh my they shot you took
the needle see yeah yeah makes it drug
same stuff is it cocaine
oh well that's exactly what no bikini is
cooking really yeah Oh Jacqueline is
lidocaine so technically I just it's
like I did coke okay that's right
legally legally as like my hands like
shaking oh yeah yeah cool it's a party
in here we're all done good work my
friends
that's around this
[Music]
Koby my dentist is the best dentist in
the whole wide world I
I thank you hello are you good how are
you good if you notice the quality is
not as good it's because my camera died
back on the iPhone I have to get like
extra batteries should go by Sammy's now
and do that thank you I am putting it on
my blog though alright are you subscribe
to my blog you are subscribe thank you
so much sweet youtube hey have a good
day you too
you smell good millionaire alright
she's got Samy's camera to get a new
battery for my vlog camera because it
just died some sad place has like
everything camera you could ever dream
of hello how you doing definitely taking
the elevator normally I would take the
stairs that's just not smart right now
with this foot
I like to be the only one in elevators
longest elevator on the block yes this
is life right now hey hey guys
Harley so my mission today was to make
friends than the elevator now you know
what why we're gonna break that we don't
have any way we know how what that's
right
oh yeah geez I know a joke what's your
name oh Carlos I mean that you made a
friend
hi Carlos oh wait Carlos you work here I
need to get the female you were small
world Carlos we were just in the
elevator together and now look at us
working together very if you asked me
what my favorite flower is
it's the sunflower reminds me of like
growing up in Connecticut
my mom has acres and she's like has a
green thumb I swear can make anything
grow and it looks beautiful
oh where I am just like I just got here
this is my favorite vegan place ever
this vegan Thai food and it's amazing no
oh you good how are you he's good thank
you thank you and I have a show you
something about that smell - okay okay
cool thank you
thank you mango salad and tofu satay
with peanut bowls and natality yes - it
is again don't you know you were wrong
not often you get like me do it that's
the best day in real life Oh today I
have to make poop so what I'm gonna do
is get some peanut butter if you're
wondering why I have to make poop stop
because say I like poop I want to make
stuff that looks like poop it's because
I'm about to shoot a video and it
requires me to eat poop now that we have
the peanut butter we have to add some
chocolate syrup that's already opened
now give it that color there we go
it smells so good it smells like um a
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup never have too
much chocolate so if you guys ever need
to make fake poop at home this is how
you do it so that should be nice just
scoop that
oh and then I got to put it in the
microwave we got to put this inside the
microwave very like I think like a
minute
one minute
this is good because I need like some
sugar some energy does anybody else ever
do this again the microwave cooking and
I was little I just used to always be
like this now that I'm not little
anymore I'm so always just like this mmm
make him poop no munchies perfect oh my
god it was just drop that all right yeah
that's more of what we want want that
like dryness and take a little pocket
baggy yeah put it in the plastic baggie
finger scissors and go
oh my gosh it was so crews probably too
much nuts it probably should have got
creamy okay and make another one I'm
going to make like three different poops
so when you stock it it'll make it look
like it was like in segments that make
sense
and then we're gonna do one more oh it's
a that's a good one
somebody would be proud of that and
we'll do one little nugget for this side
little baby well baby now get wala here
this will be a thumbnail for this video
this should be good so thanks for tuning
in on how to make poop I think we did a
pretty good job of making a few poops
till next poop I'm signing off thanks
for watching sir nation give it a thumbs
up if you liked this vlog and subscribe
for more future adventures good bye my
love's mmm nowhere outside seems to have
an outlet and it doesn't make sense for
poop just to be in the hallway so yeah
[Music]