hey guys welcome back to another episode
of cardboard crafts today we're going to
be making a mannequin head that is the
exact same size as my head and your head
and everybody's head so that we can make
super cool helmets without having the
time having to build it onto your head
and look in the mirror at the same time
let's get started
Marty riyals you'll need some duct tape
some tinfoil some hot glue and some
cardboard and you also need stuff for
making paper mache start by shaping a
large piece of tinfoil to your face but
eye and a nose hole so that you can
breathe shape it perfectly to your face
and smother it in duct tape as you can
see here I also use as you can see
around the nose and eyes I use masking
tape so that I can get in there with
more details then do it for the back of
your head oh yeah also do it for the top
of your head because I've got a little
u-shape there and I don't think the back
piece will be able to come up and cover
that already so I have my three pieces
right here for the face the top and the
back next I'm going to assemble them
with a couple helping hands so here I
have the three pieces are roughly
assembled next I'm going to cut
cardboard supports to go on the inside
and patch up the little holes already
got supports in and holes covered up
next we're going to paper mache it the
recipe for paper mache is one part water
and one part flour so guys as you can
see here I have paper mache it all up
and I got a little bit lazy because it's
been sitting on my counter in the
kitchen for like weeks now and so I just
decided hey duct tape and but you
shouldn't do this for the entire thing
especially for the face because that's
the part where you have to get a nice
when you're doing helmets and stuff and
because you don't want that to be weak
so yeah
done so I hope you guys have enjoyed
this episode of cardboard crafts and as
always don't forget to leave like and
subscribe