so to build these shelves I grab two by
four by twelves and I got ten of them to
make sure that they run the full length
of the wall and the reason I got ten is
you know you've one in the back that's
against the wall and then don't need one
facing the front of the shelf the other
two by fours these four here will be
chopped up into ten inch pieces
approximately ten inches that will go in
between the front and back two by fours
for support I also use these spax screws
it's great when we want to pre-drill
which is always a pain in the rear if
you have to pre-drill a hole so three
and a half inch that goes to the
two-by-four through the drywall and into
the studs all right so the next step is
totally optional if you plan on running
recessed lights and each of the each of
the shelves what I had to do was break
the lower or line that will mark the top
of 2x4 I cut a small square and push
down to rule through the outlet some
romex
and that did that for each of these
shelves and then once the show too much
for goes up we'll be drilling a hole in
two by four and pulling this through and
then each of the shelves will build an
outlet in that outlet then we'll supply
the power for each of the recess I would
suggest doing this if you're not
familiar lectricity in fact don't do it
if you're not familiar with electrical
work so alright so the next step is
we're going to measure it from wall to
wall and we're going to do it in two
spots and then we'll cut all five two by
fours which will be the back of the
shelves so you're going to measure from
this wall all the way to the other side
and I already did it and both came out
pretty close at one about 138 and tweak
or
French so we're on the garage and cup
five two by fours to that line so after
you cut all five of your shelving to
bachelors you're going to grab a tape
measure step finders and paper and
pencil and easiest way to find the first
start is look for an outlet and then you
can tell whether it's on the left or
right side this particular one that
stuff's on the left side of that outlet
so if you put a tape measure down this
house is new so I go that it's 16 inch
spacing between each studs and verify
that there's the 16 step finally all
right so we're at 16 and what I'll do is
I'll take that that spot and I'll
measure to the wall to that spot and jot
down that distance and we'll need all of
these measurements later when I show you
where to mark on the 2x4 so now that
you've got at least two you've got the
one by your outlet on the left side and
then you've got the other one that's 16
inches you'll continue this process
until you have all of these studs
identified from wall to wall all right
and then this next step what you got to
do is take your measurements for where
all the studs are and then you'll have
all five of your boards laid out and
they'll need a mark on all of them where
every stud is because that's not where
you're going to want to put the brace
you want to be able to use that space
openly to screw into the wall sub
through your chef's board
all right so we've got all the studs
mark on our shelf support that will be
screwed into the back and the next step
is to cut all of the support pieces that
will be perpendicular so do the edges on
each one and then we'll make sure when
we screw them on they're not going to be
hovering where the studs are because we
need that space free to anchor to the
wall so in this step we have to decide
how deep you want a shelf for this room
I think that a 12 inch would be fine so
that's how far right there with a 12
inch mark that's the depth of the shelf
that I'm going for so what we need to do
is measure we go back outside what we're
going to cut for the support
make sure you subtract whatever you do
decide subtract this twice because
you're going to be putting a cap 2x4 on
these support pieces on the outside so
in this particular instance I'm doing 12
inch and that's an inch and a half I
would need to take all three inches from
12 so I need to cut nine inch pieces for
the perpendicular support pieces
so before I get into starting to cut
those nine-inch perpendicular support
pieces I went ahead and used a red magic
marker to kind of first I just eyeballed
it up I didn't actually take any real
measurements of where I wanted to put
the support beams other than I didn't
want them covering any of the blue lines
where we're going to use to drill the
these into the studs or screws of the
studs and I knew I needed one on each
end cap and so what I decided was to
just put five more support perpendicular
pieces and just an eyeball it up so it
made it look like they were somewhat
even so you can see these red lines I
mean again there's no real rhyme or
reason other than just kind of felt
right to put it in those areas and now
that I've got those measurements I know
exactly how many support pieces I need
I'll need five times seven so I've got
seven lines so thirty-five nine-inch
support pieces let's get cutting alright
so we've got our big pile of 9-inch two
by fours and the next step is I think
it's going to be used to doing on a flat
surface is we're going to screw these in
on all of the blue red lines all the red
lines that we marked again the red line
is the one that the support beams will
go blue is what I had marked for each of
the studs and to put these in I'm using
these then these things are great
because you don't have to pre-drill but
the three and a half inch construction
screws
spax and it has its own star bit for
your drill so I'll get to it and screw
all of these in for all five of the
shelves
alright so follow the perpendicular
support screwed in to all five shelves
and on next step is I'm doing the
recessed lighting I've got to go in and
each shelf measure the distance from the
bowl to where I've got the wire coming
through when I'm not a pre-drill in each
one of these so I'll mark one two three
four five and measure from wall to wire
and pre-drill those holes so not to deal
with that while trying to hang it
alright so I measured and each one and
got the hills the holes drilled and
that's where I'll snip the wire through
we go to hang that's the next step
actually start hanging so when I carry
the first one end and I'll probably use
this line and get one in the stud it's
not to keep holding it and then fairly
quickly work down and get at least one
in each of the blue lines into the wall
you remember the blue line is where the
stud is well better be there so they're
all hung all five wires are pulled
through Ganis fortunate enough to have
stud right here so I could put supports
off that all the way up same deal the
right through next up is to start
working electrical again make sure they
know what you're doing before you start
doing this
put a switch in a box underneath this
shelf so it's going to go great out here
and then that switch will turn on and
off all of the recessed lights I'm only
going to do recessed
starting with second to the bottom shelf
here all the way the time is I think
ultimately under this first shelf it's
three feet probably put some build some
closed cabinetry so go to electric work
now and like know how it goes let's just
take a look at the electrical work and
give you my thoughts on why I did what I
did so I wanted to be able to have
recessed lighting in all the shelves
except for the very bottom because again
I'll probably put cab enclosures on the
space between the first and floor so I
didn't need recess lights there but I
did one from the second to the top Shawn
and I was looking at a bunch of
different lighting solutions and a lot
of them were very expensive I mean I
think when I first researched this it
was going to be a thousand and then I'm
like that's too much how about looking
at IKEA IKEA had them for around five
hundred dollars for their set and when I
was leaving Aikido empty-handed because
it was a not going to pay five hundred
dollars I came across these LED lights
and I think they're used for bookshelves
probably not the same way that I'm going
to use them but I think they'll work
nonetheless each one of these packs was
fifteen dollars because I have four
shelves and I want to do six I ended up
needing eight boxes of these and just
review what I did so
I've got an outlet or a switch right
here that's going to be exposed
underneath the shelf alright so we've
got that installed and when that switch
is on it's going to juice all of these
outlets and what I'm going to do is use
these LEDs and recess these into the
under piece of the plywood
what's nice as these come out try spin
this really fast
as you can see this piece spins out
here's your light so if the light goes
you can simply have twist it out and
replace it this is 1 and 3/4 inch so
I've got a drill bit and that will drill
hole at exactly that size I'll glue this
in so it stays in place I will have each
strand plugged in permanently in the
shelf and this will switch it off
permanently turn on and that way
whenever I hit the switch down here it
will activate the recessed lights serene
I got I'm just dangling here but I've
got the three the three lights
all right so the next step is to install
the front piece of the 2x4 for the
shelving I've already done the first one
so you can see for the example we'll
continue doing this each shelf until
that's done all right so after you've
got your two by fours installed in the
front of the shelf
next step is to if you haven't done it
already
mark out where you want each of your
lights so I took the whole thing divided
it I've got six lights so I took the
whole thing divided by seven and it got
me 19 3/4 so I marked where the light V
all the way down and do that for each of
the shelves going on and after you've
got those marked next step is to
actually install the bottom of the
cabinet should go
obviously the cabinet bottom the shelf
go right here
again when I first did the measurements
have worn this to be 12 inches so I'll
have the plywood be cut if you've got a
table saw you can do it at home if not
you can have Home Depot or Lowe's where
you're buying your plywood they'll rip
it for you but that's the next step then
is to install the bottom I'm going to be
using air compressor and me finishing
yellow because I want the holes to be
rather small I don't to be using screws
I'm going to keep it less visible and
give it a nice clean look so I've got
the bottoms in all of the shelves use
the compressor
naylor use two inch and was use in
around eighty psi and that gave a nice
finish put the nail set ever so slightly
to the surface and the next step now
would be to drill the hole and start
putting the recessed light Center I'm
calling a recessed lights but they're
really just a key a bookshelf lights
that are going to work for this project
so I've got all the measurements made
into the shelf now I'm going to go drill
the holes and I'll take each of the
piece of plastic housings or all the LED
lights and gloom into that hole so those
are fixed in place
after I get those glued in place I'll
put all the lights in and then I'll
start putting the tops on each of the
shelves so I have all the holes drilled
forth of lights and as I was doing it
I've learned a couple things that I
would suggest doing as well one is as
you can see here I used a drill bit at
an angle to carve out a spot for the
cable I did that on every single
lighting area
I also took a small sander and just
sanded a hole to get rid of the wood
shrapnel around the edge a better finish
it did that for every single hole and
the next step then would be to install
the lights make sure they're all working
correctly before we put the tops on so
I've got all the lights installed and
prior to putting the tops on the shelves
and I thought to myself would be very
nice and convenient if I could pull
those lights down when I go to San paint
stain whatever I decide to do with these
as well as simple replacement and many
of the lights that I put in it was
actually pretty difficult to put in the
hole because the bit that I used was the
exact size as the plastic so it wasn't a
perfect circle he was getting hung on so
what I did was I used what's called a
rasp right you can go buy it at Home
Depot or Lowe's this one specifically
for water and you put it on your drill
bit you put it on your drill
and it's been sander and most and I used
this and went and kind of clean the
whole up a little bit better so when I
put the light in it falls out much
easier and then the next step then
because I did that is I'm going to take
these blocks scrap wood apply what it
doesn't even matter and I'm going to
glue these in such a way that covers
most of the hole with light in it but
leaves that gap where the wire is and
I'm going to go around and for all of
the lights glue those in and once these
are set I mean you could use any kind of
glue as well I could use guerrilla glue
or liquid nails I've imagined the other
sense of work
it'll be just enough because when I go
to pull the light out I'm going to put
industrial velcro on this side and on
top of the wood so what I got to push
that back in it'll just sit nicely right
there and I can easily pull it out when
I go to sand and paint or stain and if I
need to replace the light hopefully I
don't have to these things are supposed
to run for 20,000 hours but we'll see so
next step is the paint they're not paint
but to glue all of these boards in let
it dry pull all the lights back out and
do the double sided sided sticky velcro
so I've got all the forks glued in over
the light again with a small piece
exposed for the wire antenna so give me
the ability to pull the light down
through while sanding painting or if I
need to replace it to make it stick a
little better we get double sided velcro
and put in between the light on the
board and the next step now is to get
the tops on so get those installed by
time those installed we should be dry
and we could pull each of the lights and
put the velcro on so I've got all the
tops in but unfortunately I've got an
issue when ripping the plywood overhangs
the 2x4 in some places anywhere from an
eighth of an inch to some spots that are
pretty bad it's almost a quarter of an
inch now to deal with that I made a
mistake of trying to use a jigsaw and
really didn't do a good job butchered it
right here went in so don't do that what
I would recommend doing and I got it an
example of a all wrong that I did right
here
I said flush is using a compact rotor
you put a flat bit on it
and that way as the bearing runs along
the 2x4 you'll plane the edge of the
plywood and then you've got a nice flush
edge
so you go to put the cat piece on this
to cover up both the seams and the
two-by-four it's nice and flat so that's
the next step I'm going to take this and
do every edge on all five off the
shelves to get a nice flush finish
what if Davis finish up all of the
routing so we've got nice plush surfaces
about the front facing chalkboard get
all of these already it's all done and
as an example I got this one installed
the front facing shelf over to the
measurement of length about that cut in
order to remount it so you're using less
nail holes perhaps a little bit now get
it nice and good on this front piece and
then when you do your nails you're only
going every one and a half two feet this
one is our en one two three four and
we're go while the staining is complete
next step is to put the polyurethane I'm
going to use a poly good thing of the
satin finish so it's not too glossy as
you can see when I did this staining I
taped off all the places a big business
stain on the wall also to go back and
touch up and to touch up anyway
polyurethane will put on and then the
shelves are getting close to being
complete all the polyurethane is done
next step is to get these lights put in
their respective hole with the velcro
double sided done so I'm just two small
pieces and it's double sticky on the
side sticky on the side and it did an
example right here
and I just put the sins that's probably
why that actually came off the wood but
it will give a nice hole but it's not
permanent so if this burns out you can
replace it and what we'll do is go
through and hang every single item and
then our shelves are almost complete all
the lights are in looks pretty good
next step I mean a shelves are
essentially done I've got to go back and
touch off the paint a bunch of places
that while putting the shelves off
button Bank is the wall messed up the
pain slip to the brush put some staying
here staying there so the next step then
is really just to go back touch up the
wall clean up all the stuff I screwed up
and then enjoy the shelves it came out
pretty good
alright so the shelter Donna we're back
touched up all the walls all the little
Nick's in places that I scraped nice
clean lines and look pretty good it's
nighttime shut the lights off it's a
pretty cool fact the lights on so if you
go and do these shelves and go with the
light option good luck
I think it's worth it in the end this
took about six weeks all in I thought it
was going to take two but life happens
and friends come down for Formula lon
and much other fun thing so thanks for
watching and again if you tap top of
this and decided to divide option I
think it's worth