this is like don't worry hey guys it's
Patrick welcome or welcome back to my
channel I am so excited today I'm going
to be giving you a very very very good
tutorial on how to make a Oreo cookies
and cream
chick-fil-a milkshake at home and I'm
joined by a very special guest and then
why you were Priscilla okay so I
actually requested a freshman here fast
forward and senior year let's make a
book sake so guys this is a very very
very complicated recipe so many
ingredients going on so if you kind of
need a like slow down the video take a
pause read over the ingredients I'm not
gonna blame you because this is probably
the most intense recipe I've ever this
is probably the most intense at recipe
I've ever done on this channel so just
stick with us we're gonna show you how
to do it we have the milkshake experts
over here so you are in good hands let's
make them look safe let's see if we can
see her faces we can watch it back we
also need to make this milkshake you're
going to need six Oreos two and a half
cups of cookies and cream it has to be
cookies and cream um don't go to bougie
with this ice cream or else your
milkshake will not be good and a quarter
cup of low-fat milk cuz if you're saying
that it has to be low-fat you
not do whole milk or anything like
low-fat because I'm assuming if you're
going to make this chick-fil-a Oreo
milkshake you are on a diet so we are
trying to keep you on that diet so the
first thing you're going to need to do
want to join me I'll be routines I'm
gonna go in there yeah so Gracie my
great assistant is measuring out 1/4 cup
of low-fat milk and I'm putting 6 Oreo
cookies into the blender so the first
step we're just going to blend this all
together and then you add the ice cream
so let's go on to the blender he so
Gracie is doing the a very important job
of putting up putting its own lid on the
baby and right here so we are going over
to blend this together and this is how
she Flay does it I have video evidence
we aren't you have the scoop so don't
worry we are giving you guys the
authentic thing so oh wait can you blend
it yeah
[Music]
all over making my way so don't do that
at home you were just going to blend it
the orders and the milk together okay if
you have a top for this put it in so um
you were just looking for that really
just do hi okay I think it looks good we
can go and put ice cream in okay so once
your Oreos and your milk are blended
then you're going to move on to the ice
cream part of this okay so once you
blend your Oreos and milk together it's
like this you have to measure to be like
okay that's a half a cup so do five
scoops so this milkshake can I feed it
to people or one if you were going
through a breakup or what it's really
hungry so Gracie is doing a great job
today for sure definitely
mm-hmm
so um you could totally do this with the
vanilla ice cream and then just add more
Oreos but if you want to make this
ultimate cookies n cream you have to use
cookies n cream that's your part so now
that we have that scooped into the
blender we are going to be blending
station yeah
cover at the top do you think yeah maybe
like with the paper towel guys we are
learning every single time okay so now
she is just going to push via hi buddy
[Music]
so are we ready to pour that into our
glasses and yet a little sister sit yeah
okay she's trying to be a little sister
sneaky and get some wine glasses oh I
think all right this ain't okay so the
last step is just to pour the milkshake
mixture into your glasses this is very
good I also love how it's like 10:00 in
the morning the same and we're consuming
like five times our daily amount of
sugar oh my gosh do you have any sister
straws oh my gosh she's trying to do the
most
[Laughter]
okay Gracie was trying to be a master
chef and garnish it kind of worked it's
kind of like sinking okay so we just
finished making the milkshakes I don't
you think that that was kind of like a
laborious process like very complicated
if you follow our steps which include
almost breaking the blender giving
milkshake all over the camera and eating
it out of these glasses then you should
be good follow all of those in these
outdoors yeah so we are going to do a
sister taste test but a little taste
test oh my god is it good I think maybe
like if it was a little thicker
I think it would be the perfect amount
I think flavors explain yeah I can so
see we were saying about thickness I did
you're going down here at the road are
you shutting that but yeah I hope you
guys liked this tutorial on how many at
you plate milkshake I know this is like
groundbreaking will save the earth if
you want to see it more video that like
it give it a thumbs up leave a comment
down below and hit that subscribe button
and I will see that in the next video
bye e okay we redid the ethics