[Music]
hello my name is Keegan Hughes uh the
executive chef at Peach and the POR chop
today I'm going to teach you how to make
a trucking all right the first step is
getting the turkey you want to look for
something between 14 to 17 lb the one I
have today is 17 1/2 lb uh the T the
chicken you're looking for is going to
be anywhere between 3 to 4 lb and then
two 8 oz duck breasts to start cutting
the turkey you're going to run your
knife down the sternum of the Turkey Run
it all the way down the rib cage all the
way down to the Wing Bones at the where
the wing bone and the rib cage meat
there's a little piece of cartilage you
want to make sure you don't puncture the
skin when you cut through that cartilage
want to do that to both sides and start
pulling back the rib cage uh going down
the rib cage in order to completely
remove it the thigh bone is connected
towards the bottom of the turkey you
want to pop the thigh bone out of its
socket and then cut through through a
little piece of cartilage as soon as you
cut through the cartilage making sure
you don't puncture the skin you're going
to remove the entire rib
[Music]
cage the next step for the T the turkey
will be removing the thigh bone the
thigh bone will meet uh right in the top
of the leg of the turkey there's a
little piece piece of cartilage you want
to cut through that piece of cartilage
leaving as much meat in the turkey and
not on the bone as you remove the thigh
bone so set the turkey aside you're
going to take the chicken the chicken
you don't have to be as delicate with
the skin with you're going to run your
knife right down the middle of the
sternum right over the rib cage doing
the same thing you did with the turkey
meeting the wing bone right where the
rib cage ends
make sure you don't puncture the skin
cut through the cartilage where the wing
bone is and start pulling back the rib
cage you'll do the same thing you did
with the turkey and pop both of the uh
legs out of the socket cutting through
the cartilage to completely remove the
rib cage
the next step is you're going to remove
the wings from the turkey including the
main wing
bone once those are removed you're going
to take out the thigh bone and the leg
bone you use the same process you did
with the turkey cutting through to the
uh joint where the thigh and the leg
meet leaving as much meat inside of the
the chicken as you can once you get the
thigh bone out you're going to
take um your knife and run it down the
leg bone leaving as much meat as you can
pulling tendons if you if possible out
as you take out the uh leg bone and now
the easy part the duck breasts all you
have to do is remove the skin if you
leave the if you choose to leave the
skin on for the trucking you need to
score it otherwise it'll be very chewy
and not appetizing and so now putting it
together you're going to open up your
turkey you're going to take take your
stuffing and stuffing in all where you
took out the thigh bone you're going to
place herb butter wherever you would
like throughout the entire thing and
take stuffing and put it over the bottom
layer of skin where the two breasts meet
take stuffing put it underneath the
tenderloin as well on top of the
breast as soon as you're done with that
you're going to season it with your uh
seasoning mix
[Music]
take your chicken lay it on top lay the
breast pretty much on the top of the
turkey
breast you're going to do the same thing
put stuffing in all of the cavities that
you took out the bones you'll put more
seasoning on top of the chicken and you
take your two duck breasts lay it right
on top of the stuffing on top of the
chicken season it and add a little bit
more
stuffing and now the hard part this is
where you need Helping Hands hand you're
going to take the turkey the outside of
the two breast and fold it up and make
it look whole again uh with butcher's
twine you're going to take twine and tie
it off you use a slip knot um method
tighten it off at the very top and
you're going to do need at least three
or four uh slip knots to finish tying
off the entire turkey leaving as much
stuffing as you possibly can
inside right so now cooking oven you're
going to season the outside of the
turkey make sure it's completely coated
with the seasoning mix take it wrap it
in Saran Wrap and then uh wrap it in
aluminum foil as
well you're going to put it in the oven
at 275Â° and cook it for 6 hours
[Music]
[Music]