hey guys today I'm going to show you how
I made this cute rocking chair for this
project I didn't make a sketch of a
complete chair instead I mainly made the
different parts using some measurements
I found online if you search Google
images for rocking chair measurements
you should be able to find quite a few
styles with all the measurements you
need
as I said in my update video I just got
a lathe a few weeks ago so that's what
I'm using to make some of the pieces for
the chair if you don't have a lathe you
can also use a craft knife and some
files to carve and sand the wood but
it's going to be more time consuming you
can also just use plain wooden dowels to
make a more simple version I first made
the four legs for the chair and I made
two at a time because I feel that if
you're working with a long thin piece of
wood the flexibility of the wood makes
it more difficult to work with when
adding pressure
except from a quick test I did this was
the first actual project I made using
the lathe I don't know how you're
supposed to use each of the different
tools but I guess as long as you get the
result you want you can't be that far
off
[Music]
[Music]
this is a lot of fun to work with though
and if you want to make miniature
furniture I definitely recommend getting
one of these
[Music]
[Music]
next I made two pegs for the armrest and
I also made two simple pegs for the back
but I didn't record that to save time in
the tutorial as it's the same technique
you're using for all the pieces
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
once you have all the pieces you need
cut or saw them apart and file the ends
if
needed then sketch out the seat and top
piece for the back transfer that to Wood
use the saw to cut it out and sand the
edges I then use my electric file and a
normal file to give the seat a slight
curve you know how some wooden chairs
have that imprint or shape that shows
where the butt cheeks go
that kind of curve
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
then on the back rest I sketched out a
rose and used a craft knife to carve the
wood
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I then cut out four more pieces of wood
for the back
[Music]
rest the only reason I'm not showing me
using the saw in this video is to save
time as it's already a pretty lengthy
video now Mark off and cut some holes in
the seat and the piece for the back
where the pegs and legs should go
go then glue in place
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
last pieces you need are for the arm
wrest itself and the rocking whatever
that part of the chair is
[Music]
called cut sand and attach these the
same way as all the other pieces is
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to finish off I just painted it using
acrylic paint I also added some dark
brown patina and if you don't have this
you can use acrylic paint as well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]