hey guys so today I decided I was gonna
use up some of my summer bounty which is
millions of pounds of zucchini from like
four plants that I planted this summer
that's a little bit of an exaggeration
but I do have 18 currently in my house
from just the last week and I need to do
something with them other than shredding
and freezing and cubing and freezing
which I've already done
I've already let's see shredded and
frozen seven bags with five cups each
which I'll use that for like zucchini
bread and then I cubed and froze five
gallon freezer bags full and I just did
one zucchini each and they were giant
zucchinis they weren't like you know
nice normal size that you like to eat
that are not seedy so the ones I'm going
to work up today grew too long and they
are a bit seedy so I'm gonna trick the
seeds out but let me flip you around
here and show you goodness okay so these
zucchini those zucchini those zucchini
and those zucchini those are the only
zucchini that I'm going to be using for
this recipe and I am doubling the recipe
and it's going to make ten pints the
original recipe makes five so let's get
started
this is zucchini relish recipe that I
got off of the National Center for home
food preservation that's a great
reference to utilize when needing
canning recipes because they've all been
tested and they are all good to go so
let's see this recipe mix out five pints
so use four pounds of fresh yellow
squash and or zucchini half a cup of
diced onion two cups of apple cider
vinegar five percent acidity tuna
quarter cups of white sugar 2 teaspoons
of celery seed 2 teaspoons of turmeric 4
teaspoons of mustard seed and that is it
so oh I'm gonna get these zucchini cut
up and seated and I'm going to shred
them that's what the recipe calls for
shredded is zucchini 4 pounds of freshly
shredded so I have my food processor
right here over here this is the pot
that I'm going to boil the the brine and
whatnot in and then this is my actually
my large pressure canner which I'm going
to use as the water bath canner today
and it has my 10 pint jars in it keeping
them hot so let's get started
all right so I have not shredded the
zucchini yet I actually had to add
another zucchini and wait again because
I took out so many seeds on a couple of
those large ones that there was no way I
was gonna keep my weight keep my four
pounds times two because I'm doubling
the recipe so the next step before I get
to shredding the zucchini is to add all
the other ingredients into a pot and
bring it to a boil and which at which
point you add the zucchini and the onion
so 2 cups of apple cider vinegar that's
right and I have 4 cups because I'm
doubling the recipe add that in 2 and
1/4 cups of white sugar mine is 4 and
1/2 because I'm doubling it
let's see two teaspoons or four for me
of celery seed mmm love so I see the
same of turmeric and then this is 8
teaspoons of mustard seed and for one
batch you would just use for all right
look at that get this stirred up and
then I am going to turn the heat on and
start letting it come up to heat so that
we can bring it to a boil and then add
our zucchini
[Music]
[Music]
all right the sugar and vinegar and
seasonings are boiling so I'm going to
carefully add this zucchini dripping
and I already diced up onion all right
show you
there so that's a lot they're not alone
that so I'm gonna get this stirred and
I'm going to continue to stir it and
then I am going to let it boil for five
minutes and then we will be ready to
pack jars
please take a little off of that one
all right so I'm gonna fill the rest of
the jars get them in my canner then once
the water comes up to a boil a rolling
boil that you can't stir down these will
process for 15 minutes and then once the
15 minutes are up we'll turn off the
heat and let it sit for another 5 or 10
and then take the finished product out
and bring you back and let you see what
they look like all right I just pulled
these out of the water bath canner and
you can see they look really good you
may be asking what in the heck am I
gonna do with 10 pints plus a half pint
for the refrigerator of zucchini relish
well I like to share so I'll probably
only keep a few of these or I will not
need to make any for quite some time so
I hope you enjoyed this video and hit
like and subscribe below if you like to
see these types of videos also I just
started a new Instagram called keep it
rural oh we have some ceiling Instagram
keep it rural homestead so you can find
me over there and see what I'm doing
I'll see you in the next video