[Music]
hi everybody welcome back to HGTV
handmade I'm Karen kavitt and today we
are making these adorable phone cases
out of peer beads after I showed you
guys how to make a decoration for a
baseball capab out of peer beads last
month I just knew that I had to make
another craft with all of the beads that
I had left over so I got the idea why
not make phone cases I think these are
super cute and I am definitely going to
be rocking a new one every single day of
the week so you're going to need a clear
phone case that fits on whatever phone
you have measure the phone case against
the pegboard to figure out how many
beads are going to fit on it you can
either angle your phone straight up and
down like this or on a diagonal like
this now I definitely recommend planning
out your design either on the computer
or on graph paper beforehand it will
save use so much heartache when you're
in the middle of putting every single
teeny tiny little bead on that pegboard
if you want to make the exact same
designs that I did I'm going to link all
of my files right down below once you
have a pattern or two or five that
you're happy with it's time to recreate
that design on the pegboard using the
peer beads if you're not familiar with
peer beads they're small cylindrical
beads that come in a variety of colors
they're also known as Hama Beads or more
generically as fusible beads they're a
really fun craft Supply because after
you arrange them on the pegboard you can
iron them to get a solid shape so just
go ahead and build out your design on
the
pegboard don't forget to leave a spot
for your phone's camera if you like the
look of separated beads like this make
sure you put the spot for the camera on
the opposite side of where the camera
actually is because we're going to be
flipping this over at the end but if you
like the look of solid be s like this
you can just keep the camera on the
correct side from the beginning so I
decided to make this funky pastel
triangle design I also made a rainbow
purple and green plaid an emoji and a
game of Tetris by someone who is really
bad at playing Tetris once you have your
designs laid out it's time to read the
instructions that came with your beads
on how to iron them for mine I just have
to cover them with this ironing paper
that came with the beads and then iron
them on a medium heat for about 20
seconds try to get the meltin as even as
possible across the entire design let it
cool down for a minute and then remove
the ironing paper and now you should
have something that looks like this let
it cool down completely and then grab
your clear phone case and a strong glue
like E6000 put down a layer of the glue
on the back of the phone case and press
your peer bead design onto it making
sure that it is nice and centered to
make sure it dries completely flat you
can cover it with wax paper and then
weigh it down with a few heavy books let
that dry for several hours and now you
have got yourself a snazzy new phone
case I just love how colorful these are
and how there are basically an infinite
number of possibilities of designs that
you could make so I would love to know
from you which design was your favorite
or what type of design would you put on
your own custom peer bead phone case
don't forget that all of my patterns are
down in the description if you want to
recreate any of the same designs that I
made remember to press that like button
and subscribe if you want new DIY
projects delivered straight to your
subbox every single week and I will see
you guys next time bye everyone
[Music]