[Music]
cheesy luscious creamy like a spa day
for the tastebuds now before I make it
I need a fondue pot so I'll just head
over to the store and you know that
price wouldn't be so bad if you to other
things like walk the dog why all my
taxes or conduct wonderful music with a
50-piece orchestra but it can't
what's the fella to do
the slow cooker you idiot
[Music]
yeah that's right we're gonna be making
fondue yeah slow cooker your thoughts be
honest you're only going to use that
fondue pot five or six times a year and
frankly those like Seabus could be used
for something much more useful like
tickets to my one-man stand-up show Jays
cut in comedy chase cut in comedy come
to the El Segundo and Providence Friday
with an additional show Saturday if I
survive the verbal abuse repect music is
with my shameless self-promotion out of
the way let's get to cooking now fondue
is not found deal with that mouse's
favorite ingredient except their lactose
intolerant so they can't have it cheese
straight half pound of Swiss and have a
pound of Gruyere now can I bother you be
made entirely in a slow cooker yes but
it can take over an hour they're not
called slow cookers for nothing now add
one cup of white wine then add two
tablespoons of flour whisk it all
together hello it's the big head of CRJ
letting you know there's been a change
of plans
actually gonna be cooking the fondue in
a regular pot you see I took the ceramic
part out placed it on the stove heating
up it made a pinging noise and I was
afraid that the bowl could crack and I
don't have money to get it replaced so I
just decided to play it safe and just
use a bowl and transfer it when I'm done
now life is done throwing me monkey
wrenches keep this on medium heat until
it reaches a simmer
we can simmer wait until it the flower
wine mixture thickens up with this and
let's start adding the cheese a little
bit at the time you gotta go slowly we
don't want to get Missy cheese glob okay
once we got the cheese all melted in
it's nice and smooth and in a tiny tiny
pinch of salt and a quarter teaspoon of
grated nutmeg take it and transfer it to
our slow cooker and get it out of there
with a rubber spatula set it to keep
warm even though things didn't know
quite easily as I expected them to I
still think I found them myself
might even open up a fondue chain
restaurant if the restaurant where the
food will be melting and a pop I think
I'll call it C our J's House of fondue
or AA fantasticness this has been Jay
Skupin kitchen i'm zrj making cooking
fun
[Music]
and meaning at this time
[Music]