okay I'm going to be cooking some oxtail
and I'm going to show you guys how to
cook some real Jamaican oxtail now this
is the ox sale as you could see it's cut
and
trim um normally it's good to get it
from a busher shop cuz they will cut it
and trim it for you um as you can see I
also um do a little triming myself and
cut off a lot of the excess fat that's
off it even though you trim and cut
you'll still have a lot of fat you want
to go ahead and cut the fat off also
before you cook it so this is about 8
and 1/2 lb of oxtail what I'm going to
do I'm going to now I'm going to put
half one teaspoon of meat tenderizer and
the
oxtail I'm going to
put 2 teaspoon of garlic
I'm going to also
put three
teaspoon of cayenne
pepper now you want to use the pepper if
you like it spicy you could do it spicy
but you could use the pepper in your
discretion as to how spicey you would
want it to be I like my stuff very spicy
so I'm going to use
three
tablespoon of c and
pepper of okay this is all
spice I'm going to use two tblspoon of
all
spice it's okay if you got a little more
in there that's
fine and I also use ad doable seasoning
salt it doesn't matter what seasoned
salt you use I just use Adoba because I
just rather the of it I'm going to put
five tablespoon of adobo seasoned
[Music]
salt okay now remember you have to use
the seasoning according to the amount of
oxtail you're cooking this is just for
the8 and a half pound of oxil that I'm
cooking then you have the
Browning it doesn't really matter what
Browning Sauce you want to use so you're
just going to add some Browning in
it now you could add the brown in
according to how dark you want your
oxtail to be if you want it on the
Lighter Side you add less if you want it
on the darker side you will add
according to how you want it to be done
once I'm finish adding the
Browning then I already have seasoned
that I already veggies that I already
cut up I have onion I have fresh thyme I
have red bell pepper and green bell
pepper I also have some skellion cut up
in here now in the store as I said
before it's called green onion as you
can see when I did it in the riceing
peas I didn't cut it up I put it in it
entire thing in the riceing peas
but when you're cooking the axil you
want to cut it up in small pieces you
want to cut up all your veggies in small
pieces right now I have one bell pepper
green one red bell pepper one large
onion some thyme and four scallion now
it doesn't matter how many veggie you
cut up it shouldn't make change the
taste or make it any difference it all
depends on how much veggie you would
like to use so don't get so caught up
and figuring out how much veggie I use
or did I use too much it does not matter
how much you use just as long as you
have the veggies in there you should be
fine if you like a lot of veggies use a
lot of veggies if you don't like a lot
of veggies then just use a little amount
of veggies now what I'm going to do I'm
going to go ahead and season everything
up so you want to just get in there make
sure everything everything is all
seasoned
[Music]
up get everything all nice and mixed up
together once you finish season it up it
will give you a color if it it's not as
dark as you would like the AEL to be you
could then just add a little more Brown
into
it but you want to be careful with the
Browning to make sure it's the right
color you want you want to add a little
bit and if it's not as dark as you would
like it to be then you want to add some
more you don't want to put too much and
then it get too dark and that's not what
you were hoping to have so you need to
be relight under
Browning and make adjustment as you go
by now I like my axil a little dark
where you're not really seeing the
red so this is real good for
me and the color is just perfect so you
want to just get it all mixed up and
nice once it's all mixed
up what you want to do you just want to
take your finger and kind of tap it on
your tongue you can check to see if it's
spicy enough if it's have enough salt if
it needs more salt if it has too much
salt whatever you're checking for this
is the perfect time to check it before
you actually start cooking it once you
cook it you can't reverse anything
you're really done so you want to make
sure everything is fine right
now and if you need more seasoning you
could always add seasoning as you go now
it's all finished and all SE
seasoned this is what it should look
like all the veggies is all in there and
I will be right
back okay now the oxtail is all done
this is what the axil should look
like it should not look like you fried
it if you could look it just look like
it's just been Brown it look like it
more has been cooked than
friy so once I'm finished doing all this
I have my pressure cooker it has six cup
of water I also add butter bean it
doesn't matter what brand butter bean
you use it shouldn't change the taste I
use three two should be okay but I like
the taste of butter bean and I love
butter bean so I choose to use three so
once I put the butter bean in there I'm
going to go ahead and transfer the
oxtail from out of The Frying Pan into
the pressure cooker
go okay now that I finished taking out
all the oxil if you could look in the um
frying pan it has a lot of oil in it you
don't want to transfer the oil into the
pressure cooker you do want all the
gravy at the bottom but not the oil so
what I normally do is I normally skim
out and pour all the oil out of The
Frying Pan I try to get as much oil out
as possible
until I get to just pretty much all the
sauce and the gravy that's left over
from doing the oxtail you want to
transfer this into the pressure cooker
but not the oil so once I got all the
oil out I'll go ahead and pour all the
sauce into the pressure cooker once I'm
finished putting in the pressure cooker
I'm going to go ahead and mix it up
and I'm going to go ahead and cover the
pressure cooker and then I'm going to
put it back on and high and let it
pressure for around 45 minutes um as I
said remember it all depends on how much
oxil you're cooking you're going to have
to make adjustment for the time you
pressure it you always want to try to
pressure it maybe less and then check it
and if you feeling needs to be pressure
cooked some more then you pressure cook
some more 45 minutes normally is good
enough to pressure this um oxtail so I'm
going to start off with 45 minutes and
I'll see you right
back okay now the oxtail is finished
this is what the axil should look
like you have to check to make sure it's
cooked if you could take a good look at
it you could
see that is cook you want to make sure
you also check it to make sure it's
cooked so want to cut it you see how
easily
cut taste it to make sure it's
done mhm okay so what I did once it's
finished then there normally a lot of
oil so I normally will just take the
container and take out all the excess
oil that's sitting on the
top now I already took the oil out so
this is all the oil that I took out the
oxtail from the time I start till the
end um till I end that's a lot of oil so
what I did now I taste it and to me I
would like it a little more spicier so
what I did I got my cup with some water
and this is what I use to make the gravy
I put some flour in it I put a little
more cayenne pepper in it um you can use
any kind of pepper Scotch B it alapena
cayenne pepper it doesn't matter what
pepper you use so add a little more
pepper in it and then I also add a
little more seasoning salt so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to actually
pour pour it inside the um water to make
my gravy thick you have to use your
discretion as to how thick you want your
gravy to
be I like my gravy thick so I'm going to
start pouring once you start pouring you
want to um mix it as F you want to do
mix it real fast cuz if you do it real
slow it's going to come clumpy and start
making a dough
form so what I'm going to do I'm going
to pour and I'm going to be mixing real
fast while I'm pouring to make sure it
don't get hard and to make sure it don't
come into a clump so you want to get
some in you want to mix it
up and you're just going to keep on
pouring you if don't want to make it too
thick now because once it start boiling
the gravy which has flour in it is going
to get a little thicker once it start
boiling up so you want to make sure you
actually make it thick enough and let it
boil a little bit before you actually
put more flour in it now this is how
thick the gravy is right
now this is how I like it so I'm going
to leave it and let it turn on the stove
un low and I'm going to let it boil for
probably 5 to 6 minutes and once it's
finished I'll show you the ending
result finish you can see the texture of
the
gravy if you like the grav to be more
thicker then you could just add more
flour mix to it um however you like the
texture of the gravy that's how much you
need to use your judgment to determine
how many of the flour mix you're going
to put in your pot so it's all done I'm
going to go ahead and fix the plate and
I'm going to take a picture and show you
the
result this is how the oxtail is you can
see all the butter
beans in the oxtail
all
cooked all
done and now it's ready to be eat