everybody welcome to the lab today's
lesson is gonna be how to make hooch
does jailhouse wine some of the things
you're going to need grill off an old
fan empty one gallon jug 16-ounce jar of
sugar apples large rubber band dirty
funky five-gallon bucket okay one of the
key ingredients that I left out you can
really need at all times go around
somewhere and stew you about a full jar
worth of actual powdered bleach because
I can't stress this enough if you're not
keeping everything clean
you're not making sure everything that's
washed down properly chances are you can
end up with the shit's or a lot worse
all right so what do you do first first
things first get you some apple so if
you can get some oranges those work
great I've seen it done with bananas
I've seen anything with all kinds of
fruit pears everything you want to grate
it down on something like this if you
don't have something like this degraded
then on that's fine you can put in the
bag walk around on it in your socks
whatever if I smash it up you just want
some pulp all right you wanna take the
Pope went ahead into a one gallon jug
like I have prepared right here
okay the one gallon jug don't want all
your pope and let it sit overnight
starts to get funky I should gas up
watch this you see that movement you
hear the little sound it's the carbon
dioxide from the decomposing fruit
actually filling up the jug you got to
be careful with it it won't burst but
the little pop off and if it does all
this shit's gonna come runnin out
alright so you add in your pulp what you
done with that a lot of people like to
use juice like they want a shitload
apple juice or orange juice or something
like that to put that in there and I
found that juice doesn't really actually
make a difference this is difference in
maybe the taste and everything like that
but in the end the main thing is going
to do is going to give you the shit's
you don't want that so yeah clench up
your apples you throw them in there you
let them be composed a little bit once
it's all nice and ready and it starts to
the mill oh it starts to act right then
you come back with your sugar and like
this here is a 16 ounce cream urge are
in prison 16 ounces is unit of
measurement that we call the pound it's
not the same if you bought a pound of
sugar on the street they'd be a lot
bigger than this
but this is what they're gonna call the
pound so you're gonna have one pound to
one gallon 16 ounces is actually volume
wise once you put water in it is gonna
go down a little bit but you want to
fill it up with water until it's a nice
syrup when you throw it in there
that's one quart four quarts do a gallon
your unit measurement for the apples you
grind up ten of them you smash them in
the cups and you want to get about a
quart worth of Kult well we're gonna
call kicker so you have one quart of
kicker one quart of sugar water you turn
around another two quarts of water if
you can fill them in I'll recommend
against it because you want to juggle me
about this pool as you'll see on this
one here it's not all the way full the
reason to that is if it bursts you don't
want it all spilling all over the place
because now you're busted all right same
goes for this one right here see I
always need a little bit of space for
the air combine the ingredients put it
somewhere warm you do have a five-gallon
bucket so you can always just stick it
in the bucket fill the bucket up with
warm water that helps the fermentation
process like that you basically one just
leave it alone for about seven days okay
once you come back after seven days you
know taste the beans can taste right
chances are if it's your first go-around
it's gonna take a little more than seven
days because your your rotten fruit
isn't that great then we're going to put
a piece of sheet over the top of the
bucket take your rubber band secure the
sheet to the bucket so that way it
doesn't fall out when you're poor when
you convince the pouring your drink
through the sheet now it's gonna fill up
you want to carefully fold this over
pull it all up I'm go to one hand and so
of course it's not gonna look the same
but you have them all a pouch at the in
here you want to want to squeeze the
pouch down boom Oh Beaumont's you get
all the juice out once you got all the
juice in here this stuff that you've got
inside the sheet you don't want to get
rid of that you want to put that in the
bowl and seal it up somewhere because
this has maybe called a kickstart on you
next time you make a batch of throw this
old [ __ ] in there with the new fruit
that's gonna help it go over a lot
faster all right once you're straining
it down
does this take any little cup and I'll
reach in there scoop it up sip it see
how it tastes if it tastes like drink
and you'll know the taste
you're ready to go there chances are
it's gonna still be sweet if it's still
sweet it's not ready so you wanna wait
hold on here I'm going to cut come back
with more video Linda so after you've
turned around and strained a gallon of
this stuff you're gonna get this much
residue
it's called must that's actual
winemaking term what it is is the
leftovers from the fruit that was
actually in there once you strain it and
wring it out real good just gonna have
some nasty-looking compost stuff you
keep that because you can throw that in
with some fresh fruit and actually turn
the wine a lot faster alright so after I
strained it came back with two 16-ounce
Folgers jars full a drink when I write
there's been a there's 16 ounce jars of
coffee but liquid wise there's actually
going to amount to about three and a
half quarts I know a little bit a little
bit under three quarts it'll be three
quarts so you got three quarts of juice
1/4 junk and that's for wine so you want
to let it sit maybe if depends on your
preference if you wanna get drunk right
now
to drink it right now me I like to let
it sit for a few days and I'll instead
it will settle to the bottom and then
I'll pour it off and I'll leave that
[ __ ] behind that's the spoiler to
make you sick so you know let's make
make them wine in prison