[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I'm going to I
make a strawberry tart with an orange
cognac pastry cream here's what you need
egg yolks orange zest cornstarch sugar
vanilla extract
cognac butter pre-made pie crusts
strawberry strawberry preserves and I
also gonna need some ham
whole milk that I'm Henri I'm heating up
on the stove just be a little boiling
point okay here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna take the egg yolks first okay this
is gonna be so amazing that you're not
gonna want to you're not gonna know what
to do with yourself have to make this
sugar okay I can hear that my milk is
just a little boiling I'm just gonna
turn it off okay now I'm just whisking
the eggs whoops and sugar for about two
to three minutes you want them to be
nice light the frothing this tart it's
so easy to make number one you only
really cooking one thing you're making a
pastry cream I mean the pie crust you're
baking it yeah but cones already
pre-made right and your local you know
grocery store in the refrigeration so
it's great they make some really good
pie crust nowadays so it makes it much
easier it's almost done you can see it's
nice and light see that it's quick good
one now I'm going to take the cornstarch
mix in the cornstarch now I'm taking my
milk that I just scalded what that means
is I bought it just before down boiling
point I don't want it to boil otherwise
would be too hot and scramble the eggs
now it's your mom and your strawberry
tart okay now we're going to temper the
eggs what that means is I'm going to
take a little bit of the hot liquid and
I'm just going to put it in the egg
mixture so that the eggs can get to
somewhat of a higher temperature but if
I put all the milk in at once I could
potentially scramble the dice
which like I said it's not what you want
to do so a little bit at a time put in
your hot milk and just whisk it I put in
all my milk now it's very liquidy at
this point which it's okay I'm going to
put this all and back into the pan and
now I'm going to go to the stove and
cook this for a few minutes here we go
turn this on medium heat not too high
and you do have to pay attention to it
you do have to babysit it a little bit
that's okay you just want to make sure
that everything that's nice and thick
but without like I said scrambling
anything to just and this will happen
very quickly we've been about two to
three minutes because of the consorts
will thicken as a liquid gets hotter
my cream is nice and thick just gonna
turn this off and I'm going to add in at
this point the orange zest so a tad of
vanilla not too much because vanilla can
be overpowering I'm going to put in
about a teaspoon of butter this is to
make it really luxurious oops and a
teaspoon of cognac okay it's not much
but it's really going to just add such
depth of flavor it's going to be amazing
now turn this off so now I'm just
lifting it all together to the flirt and
mouths and now I'm going to pour this
into a bowl I'm going to refrigerate the
cream is beautifully thickens look at
that perfect I can see the orange zest
so now I'm just going to pour into a
bowl like so wonderful and I'm going to
refrigerate it but you I want to show
you one little quick tip I'm going to
cover this with plastic wrap but I want
to make sure that I touch the actual
surface the actual top of the cream so
that when this cools it won't it won't
sometimes it forms like a skin on top of
your custard but if you if you do this
little trick if you just place the
plastic wrap directly on the cream it
prevents that the skin firm forming this
is going to go in the fridge for about
three to four hours it has to cool
really well before you can assemble the
rest of the pot now I'm going to go on
to the quest for the strawberry tart now
you couldn't make your own pie crust I
sometimes do but when I find like close
very pie crust on sale on the
refrigerator section in my market I
always buy it so it's really it's really
really good and it's like I said it's
really really easy to just make a late
just a quick dessert on the late minute
notice it's just wonderful now well
first thing I'm going to do forgive your
oven to 475 and I have a 9 inch tart pan
right here myself and I'm just going to
spray it the nonstick cooking spray here
we go this is beautiful all you have to
do is unroll it just like so
and fit it into your pan the one thing
you don't want to do is stretch it
because what's going to happen is once
it bakes it's going to shrink back down
so just try and fit as much as possible
then I'm going to pierce it with a fork
just like so and now we're going to
blind bake it blind bake it just means
I'm going to cover it with soil
make sure you spray it you don't want to
mess up your edges now blind-bake it
means that I'm just going to weigh it
down I'm using beans
that I use probably 10 times for blind
baking and put them in a container so
that I know next time I'm rollin I'm
going to make a tart I know which means
to go for so what this does is it weighs
it down so we're going to partially cook
the crust so that when we cook it for
the second time it gets evenly cooked
golden brown and every single part of it
is going to be cooked through otherwise
if I just put this in the oven as is
without blind making it I could run into
the risk of burning the top of it before
the whole thing is cooked so let's just
put this in the oven 375 for 10 minutes
why my crust is baking I'm just going to
prep the strawberries now all I'm going
to do let's cut the top off okay just
like so I'm going to cut it in thirds
tarts done blind baking I'm going to do
now is take you to close this thing to
do put them back into my container same
for next time making a strawberry tart
practice a few more times all over back
into the other 375 take that loop ease
off about 15 to 20 minutes so it's light
golden brown and crispy my pie crust is
ready it's a nice golden brown I've let
it cool for about 15 minutes
before I start handling that I'm going
to do next is just take some strawberry
preserves not much about when you about
two tablespoons so and I'm going to just
put this in the microwave for 30 to 45
seconds I just want to get this nice and
loose so that I can brush it over the
strawberry and make them glisten taking
our May
using cognac orange pastry cream very
thick at this point as you can see and
you're going to well I can really smell
the orange and a cognac amazing I'm just
going to have to work this around just
like so it doesn't have to be perfect
it's gonna be covered by the
strawberries which I'm just gonna lay
them like so you just go around over and
over again same process last one
perfect now I'm going to grab my
strawberry preserves this is just going
to make the strawberries glisten done
I'm going to just sprinkle with pepper
sugar over the top like so I like to get
it on the edges mostly so it gets the
crust here we go you can top this with
some chopped nuts if you wanted to fresh
mint
but it is perfect as is I hope you've
enjoyed spending time with me and I hope
you go to my website and get this recipe
www.laurainthekitchen.com and I see you
next time bye
you