hey guys welcome to the AI by Emma today
I'm going to be showing you how to take
paint off your shirt now this is a
really a DIY but I watched another video
and found out that that this is really
helpful so yeah I haven't really good
smell stain on it's a really expensive
shirt that I bought so I just really was
researching ways to get it out this is
it really a DIY I just wanted to share
this craft with you are this you know
thing with you so um what you want to do
is you're going to need this on
dishwashing liquid and this brush
alright so first you want to going to
get this liquid and your little scrubber
you're going to get your scrubber wet
just a little bit and then put a little
dishwashing soap on it alright so you're
going to want to scrub on your stain for
about 15-20 seconds
so this should get the state off it's
coming like peeling so yeah just make
sure you get the whole state you scrub
really well it's working working really
good as what already so just keep
scrubbing I just tried this with my
shirt but it started like taking off
some of the fabric since I have a thin
shirt but if you have a like a thicker
shirt or one that you don't mind like a
small rip then you can use some tweezers
to just like tweeze out these little
extra um paint stains so yeah thank you
bye