hey friends it's Dino your handyman the
only official partnered handyman on
YouTube
I get paid for this stuff if I wasn't
getting paid you wouldn't see me here
what the deal is today is we're getting
a big lump a New York City Manhattan
melt the tar out of the grooves of my
boots I had to go into the city
yesterday for a job in June 2013 it was
a beautiful day it was like 88 degrees I
parked the truck on 72nd Street right
near 5th Avenue man um Central Park was
like 50 yards away I can see all the
street vendors and everything else I
open a truck door I jumped out
immediately into a puddle of New York
City Street asphalt that was melted by
the Summer Sun and I got stuck and I put
was all stretchy and stuff it in the
rest of the day everywhere I walked on
pedals and stuff it was all getting
stuck in it now my shoes I can't go into
a customer's house with boots like this
god forbid I smudge on the terrazzo
floor if I bend over and I you know and
they see what's on the bottom of my
shoes what would they think about me so
friends I'm gonna show you guys today
the quickest most economical and
ecologically safe way to get a big lump
in New York City tar off of your
whatever bike tie a car fender boot
sneaker tip of your umbrella walking
cane whatever so here we go my
timberlands now I don't like whenever
I'm doing crap like this I don't like
the lace is dangling around so I just
kind of tuck them inside now we can see
one is fine cuz I didn't so we'll get it
chemically we're gonna use chemicals to
do most of the work and we're gonna use
a wire brush or you could use some kind
of scraper or even an awl toothbrush
might be a good idea as a matter of fact
I'm gonna look if I got an old
toothbrush we're gonna try that too just
to show you guys and what this is is tar
which is a petroleum product so you
would want to attack this with a solvent
we're going to use a brake cleaner
available brake cleaner and a spray can
but you could use
gasoline be careful as if you're
using gasoline kerosene again be careful
even WD that WD you know for zero stuff
whatever I'm trying not to see names
because nothing companies are paying the
only YouTube is paying me so something
like that a lighter element than what's
on there so I like I said let's see what
happens first I'm going to spray it a
little bit and just let it soak for a
minute and you know as I got a piece of
scrap cardboard down because we're
always trying to be economical on the
show here and we're always trying to be
ecologically sound so this is a recycled
cardboard box so we like that's it I did
find one keeper look likes it a minute
and we're gonna use the scraper to get
the big chunks out it's coming around
out it really softened up with the
solvent and if you noticed I have an
apron on okay and I got um safety
glasses on because we want to be safe
with this and you could even might be a
good idea probably if I put some rubber
gloves on her name was Lisa I was a
young man then and Lisa was a hot girl
man she had like an athletic body and
she was built and she was like round in
all the right places and stuff and she
was very curious physically let's say
and she used to have this trick where
she would and I'm just getting the big
pieces out now for you guys out of some
of these little grooves
she had this trick where she would use
like baby oil on me with with latex
gloves look and oh man I can't tell you
to this day it's been like 30 years and
I've often on different videos I've
related this same story because I don't
know who's watching which videos if
you're watching everyone but I want a
lot of people to know about this
especially since I know a large part of
my audience is women and um and boy I
mean for a change up that was so much
fun that at 30 years and I remember now
I'm being careful because I'm noticing
if I lean this all the way over this
stuff's gonna drip up my nice leather
uppers which it actually already did
want that too much anyway so I want it
all to run down okay so look right away
it's like almost clean it's just
somebody who could beat chunks in here
so the way these timberlands are
designed now before I flip it over and
work on the heel I'm gonna take that
toothbrush we were talking about oh look
at that it's taking this stuff right off
all right so we used to use dogs rubber
gloves in that baby oil on me 30 years
and I remember that Lisa was sometimes
but anyway I've heard that she now has
five kids a couple of them are in the
army and stuff and uh she's not quite as
uh from what I've heard she's not
looking what she used to look like but I
had her when she was look at that
alright so most of this stuff is quickly
come off with this solvent we are
chemically removing the New York City
asphalt I bet you this hundreds of
thousands of people every hot summer day
get this New York City and I can imagine
all the other cities in the world now
we're going to attack the heel part and
again just getting the big chunks off
with the scraper then of course we're
going to clean the scraper up with a
solvent and a little rig I'm going to
link right now an annotation I made a
video on how to make really good rags
out of old t-shirts and stocks take a
look at that video as a matter of fact
this is one of those old t-shirt rags
and we're just gonna get the little
chunks to the left with the rag
brush what's left oh look at that
why brush good well perfect
I got like every little piece pulled out
of there now let's just ye brush this
front part this is a couple of little
cracks and crevices solder you could use
any stiff brush I'm thinking right now
that this wire brush I'm getting
different direction because of course
there's different directions in these
cracks and crevices then you want to get
as much as we can as long as you're
doing this you want to do as much as we
can out okay so there we go a great way
to get this crappy tar off your shoes
and boots its chemically with a solvent
now I want to get the edges of those
Souls
so I'm putting some straight on the rag
just catching the edges of my
timberlands
could you have guessed it looking pretty
good huh so whether it's asked for
bubblegum whatever the hell else you
could get stuck it and or boots or
sneakers remember this trick tell your
friends if you want thanks for watching
don't forget the comment box and sub in
really helps me out so hook me up