I like to start by going at the bottom
of the chicken because the Skin's a
little bit loose there it's a little
invasive don't worry just get your
fingers up through the skin and the meat
and just start working them around we're
not putting any uh seasonings in here
you're just trying to work your way in
and uh loosen up some Pockets pockets
for flavor
later sometimes the Sid can be stubborn
but just reach around you'll finally get
your way
in that sounds
dirty once you get in uh make sure you
also get down to the legs a little bit
because uh we're going to try to push
some flavor down into
[Music]
[Music]
there once we get in it's kind of easy
just to move your fingers around and
kind of work it loose and it skin just
comes
[Music]
apart and start from the top of the
breast and uh work your way down from
there just try to loosen up the skin
just imagine your 80-year-old ant at the
beach that loose skin oh that's pretty
gross sorry sorry for that visual now
let's get some of our mixture you could
use anything it could be a compound
butter but today I'm using a sun-dried
tomato pesta
and just push in as far as you
can don't worry we'll work it down in a
minute you'll feel like you're making a
mess here and not being very productive
but it is going in and just massage it
down like
that just trying to get it up under the
skin then you can push it down from the
[Music]
outside work it down as far as you can
again on the other side and just kind of
squish it on down
there don't worry you're not trying to
do plastic surgery you can kind of look
like that woman who had 37 uh plastic
surgeries it doesn't have to look pretty
at this
point trust me it'll look pretty when
it's
done let's get down to the thighs and
try to work some in
there like I said get it down with the
legs like that just try to get to the
top of the leg from the inside then you
can come from the outside and just
uh work it on to amtage it a little
[Music]
bit it's not an exact science just kind
of get in there and uh work it around
squish it
some now your chicken's starting to look
kind of
[Music]
happy and now the double glove technique
works really good you gotten your
chicken all good but you need to put
some rub on it and your hands are all
icky and full of
eoli all that bacteria well pull off the
first layer being very careful not to
touch the
second
layer that sounds like scripper music
doesn't it that's uh coincidental I
didn't plan it that
way throw the other gloves
away should probably throw both of them
away not just one cuz sometimes you
don't realize you dropped one of
them
whoops now come with your rub uh today
I'm just using Bill and Cheryl Jameson's
perfect poultry rub it's a great rub
it's from their book smok and spice I
always mix up a lot of it and keep it in
an extra spice jar like this and just
liberally sprinkle it on gives great
color and flavor of
[Music]
chicken then a little bit of fresh
Cracked
[Music]
Pepper now we can get back to the
business of uh getting out outside done
just kind of imagine you're giving some
coed a nice uh suntan lotion
massage yeah this be uh excuse me sir
could you please uh rub this in for me
yeah well that's what you're doing to
this
[Music]
chicken work can end up under the arms
there up under the creases under the
legs yeah you don't want to miss any
spot let's get it all in there
yeah this chicken's looking good
now tuck the skin down if it's come up a
little bit since you've been pulling on
it and uh this bird's pretty much ready
for the grill now