okay it's Kevin from porkpie hat errs in
the East Village New York City today
we're going to take a hat
I've already started fur fell to Dora
it's got a little sort of a silky nape
like texture to it we're going to just
give it the works I'm going to stiffen
it just a little overly soft dust it off
first then stiffen it let it dry and
we're going to steam it into shape get
all the dust off that's dusty you'll
just actually make it worse steam or
just kind of mix with the dust so make
sure it's dust free
next thing we do a little bit of this
spray this is ultra super hold hairspray
I'm going to cover up the leather on the
inside okay I'm using a hat stretcher to
cover the leather you could use anything
it all tissue is fine give it a little
spray on the underside I'm almost
simulating you might want to do
something like that maybe three four
five times that much but I already
sprayed so now I'm going to hold it in
from the fan I sprayed this before while
it was off camera so what I'm doing now
is I'm just drying what I just sprayed
in front of the fan you never want to
steam a wet hat it's process of steaming
it wet and letting it dry into place it
cools and dries into place so never
steam a wet hat or bring your wet hat in
to be steamed or reshaped it doesn't
work
okay hats draw huh what I'm going to do
is we're going to work on the crown
first use this steel hats treachery to
get these on eBay made by this company
cards Gao ze Justice I think that steel
structure into the search scheming the
crown hit it all the way around where
you see need answered funds want to just
round this out and just get really pull
it gently stretch result its reshape it
we want to actually stretching pulling
gently lucia schmidt against this gently
stretch okay it's pretty round there's
not a lot of imperfections dense gains
bumps it's pretty good for the most part
let's put it in front of the fan let it
cool remember you don't want to over
steam your hat that has to be dry if
you're going to steam it next thing
we're going to do is we're going to do a
center crease the center crease is what
it sounds like it's crease i like to
start in the center like a bull's-eye
and then push down and then count
but remember always seemed at first any
more creases are going to make has to be
completely steamed first along that area
and the perimeters make sure you get
everything steamed that's going to be
involved in that crease areas you have
to remain hard and not soften up dancing
what areas you're already done see we
can get this start the center and then
push down you see it won't go any
further
okay I look at it from a bird's eye view
stick your hand inside and just fix any
mistakes that you see whether in the
light so you can see it it would steam
again the corrections you just made you
want to back into place all right there
is a center crease now the center crease
is essentially setting the height other
so if you want to bring a hat down you
bring this little further down what that
does is it lowers the height of the Hat
you know when the head is round and open
crown it's very high so what you doing
there is you go run now we're going to
narrow the sides by making inches make
sure you're making the pinches in the
front of the head
sometimes you make it in the back you
know you're by mistake so fuel on the
inside the seen the polls you know where
the back of the Hat is increasingly
often upfront
like to put two fingers right in the
middle want to make the two pinches
something like that it's a combination
of niculae ting the two fingers inside
the center there and the two fingers
that are going back and making pinches
then again you look at it from the
bird's eye view and make sure that these
pinches that you made are going back to
the same direction if this one goes
further back you correct it I'm
corrected on the inside a very common
mistake is to have this off-centered or
sometimes this gets like pinch together
like this so just spreading on the
inside put your hands and just pull the
two halves
that's pretty little bit fix it up like
that everything looks okay you'll get it
from the front front you need to make
sure everything is symmetrical and
centered looks pretty good
located in extremes or all the
corrections from trust me let's see
okay the next thing I want to do is
sharpen these two up and make them a
little tighter Pintrest like this here
that's my preference it's my style not
everybody likes that let's see it's just
a little more definition here here and
here I pinched them a little tighter
have a blend I'm a tight pinch
that's enough type in the back that's
about it now they move to the brim we
want to make sure everything is nice and
curved so you might have to push
everything down go around get it more
curvy to enhance the flange of the brunt
so what I like to do is hit the steam
into this crack as you push on the back
and bring proven it enhances the flash
more curve to the brush it's flattened
out now just through gravity Brehme
stands in truth people tend to keep
their brains on the table especially a
big NIF it gets wet hands on the table
we really get adjusted to from the
weight of the water just the gravity of
it to make the curve random just relax
until it's almost flat or completely
it's a process like you bring in shiny
shoes and they're not shinier than they
get
it's it your hats gonna start off with a
good curve to the brim and then you've
got to bring it to me as give you
flatter I'm going to hand it back to
your nice and curvy again and then it's
a process of kind of drooping again it's
a process it's a natural sort of across
occurrence or especially a bigger brown
total params are a little stiffer and
there's usually less of it to sort of
mess up you find bigger brands can get a
little floppier on you
a lot of the short short brooms are less
trouble they all sort of have the same
problems I'd say a lot of it has to do
with our habits keep the brim off the
table keep it in the air like this so
down or hang if not on the table that's
what makes again okay anyway we just
sort of push the rim from behind while
steaming it so what we did is we move
the Brandenburg
but it's not straight it's a very wavy
and wiggling you can almost make it
worse but that's okay because what we're
doing now is just and approve and the
flange over the brim we're not worrying
about the brems
edge being straight that's going to be
the next step
from doing this just about the entire
path should be over to the edge of the
friend on the other side of the berm
that's an accident it all saturated the
edge of the front - spinning around and
keep the handsome vector pushing it down
next thing I'm going to do is I'm going
to lay it against the table edge like
this it's awful case you can't see it
all the time letting it dry spinning it
in a try this is doing is using the
tabletop as a straight edge and the
Brahmas Tartans gets straight or
straighter something like this there's
the tabletop just like that use that as
an edge that's the brim is now straight
the Hat is nice and snappy actually when
it dries it'll be snappier right now
it's the little soft because it's still
wet to do is hold it in front of it fast
that's it good luck guys