[Music]
thank you
today we're just going to have a little
quick tip about how to cut straight
lines with an angle grinder due to angle
grinders being handheld a lot of times
when you cut a line unless you're
somebody who just has a really good eye
and really good control it can be
difficult to cut a straight line
especially if it's thick metals and that
kind of stuff so I I've kind of devised
the way that I cut straight lines and
and I'm going to share that with you in
this video
[Music]
so here you can see that in the video I
have a piece of quarter inch flat bar
um that has been clamped down to my
table on top of a piece of metal and
what you can't see is that I actually
marked the line on That Metal now
um this will help you make a straight
line but you have to make sure that the
line that you draw is square to the
other edges to make it square square and
straight are two different things and
here you can see that I'm using the
angle grinder I usually use one
millimeter or one and a half millimeter
thick disc and I am running it along the
edge just barely touching the flat bar
because I don't want to cut into the
flat bar I just want the flat bar to be
the guide that helps the um cutting disc
not wander to the right or to the left
and that way I can cut a line that is
straight and then I can cut strips as
long as the the flat bar is which in
this case most the flat bar I buy is in
20 foot links so if you if you use this
kind of method you can cut pretty
straight lines and it's really good if
you're going to do something like for
bumpers or if you're going to cut
straight lines for any kind of very you
know precise kind of work
I hope you guys have really enjoyed
everything that you've been seeing here
at beginner's Fab and I hope you guys
continue to stop by to see what new
stuff we have going on you can check us
out at our YouTube channel and also at
our website at www dot
beginnersfab.blogspot.com where we'll
keep things updated each time that we
have something new for you guys