what's happening YouTube Cowboy here and
as you can guess along with the increase
in level cap to Borderlands 2 of course
comes a new set of build videos so first
up is going to be the siren my personal
favorite class um if you saw my previous
siren video I know near the end of it
the audio got a bit all choppy you
couldn't really hear me just because I
hadn't lowered the game volume obviously
I've gotten quite a bit better at making
videos so no worries it won't happen
this time but uh that being said let's
kick it off so um what I ended up doing
with the extra 11 points is made a
hybrid spec between cataclysm and motion
now the base build of St still be the
same obviously flicker we want because
you know more Elemental effect on guns
is good foresight because magazine sides
and reload speed are both core things
you want Helios because we're going to
be phase locking constantly and when I
say constantly I mean like we're going
to be phase locking just nonstop so
Helios is a must have um imilate
obviously still just useless I don't
want fire damage when I'm going to fight
for my life I don't I don't care I'm not
if I go down I'm going to end up getting
up for my black hole anyway um Backdraft
once again why are you running up and
punching people as a siren and you don't
need the explosion your Shield takes
care of that cloud kill free corrosive
damage every time you kill something
every time you shoot something like
where is there a downside there's not
pick it up up now previously I didn't
have chain reaction and this time around
we're going to grab it and the reason
for that being that now that we can get
points deeper into the motion tree we
can basically extend the duration of our
phase lock by a significant amount so um
just to give you an idea real fast just
by picking up um where's it at we got
2.5 seconds on suspension and then 4
seconds on thought lock so right there
that's an extra 6 and a half seconds
that you know someone is going to be
phase locked which means a much higher
chance or I guess a longer time that our
Ricochet compr compared to previously so
this time around definitely worth
picking up Jane reaction Reaper
obviously if you don't get this you're
not playing siren correctly I mean 50%
damage or 40% damage when they're above
50% Health that's that's just a
ridiculous increase there's no reason
not to grab this um and then obviously
we want ruin now the one point I have in
Blade Phoenix you're probably thinking
why does he have one point in Blade
Phoenix well that's because blade
Phoenix is badass just from an aesthetic
perspective like if you're playing with
friends every time I'm in a game with
people that haven't played a sirm before
they're like holy [ __ ] you have these
crazy looking fire Wings coming out of
your back how do you get those and
you're just like um because I'm a
natural badass of course so you have to
have at least one point in Blade Phoenix
otherwise you don't look badass so
moving on from there obviously drop the
one point in M's eye since our legendary
Mod's going to pick that up and I've
actually had a lot of people asking
about that so just for those that are
confused with the class mod as you can
see it adds to skills the legendary mod
adding a [ __ ] ton to all around like
there's nothing that I would want to use
as a siren aside from the legendary
class mod I mean Ward accelerate mind
eye flicker foresight 45% moving speed
while shit's phase locked cool down rate
on my phase lock and gun damage there is
literally like you could just this is
the best [ __ ] class mod ever made for
a siren there's nothing else you
want but moving back obviously since
that adds Five Points if I put five
points into the flicker flicker becomes
10 out of five
and the only reason I'm going into this
is I've had probably like 50 comments in
the past month where people think that
I'm hacking to get 10 out of five and
I'm like no [ __ ] it's a class mod why
don't people understand this but now
that that's covered like I said drop the
one point in Mind's Eye to benefit from
your class mod and then we're going to
hop over to the motion tree so obviously
we want five out of five in W still and
five out of five in accelerate I mean
damage and bullet speed is always a plus
and obviously Shield capacity and
recharge delay are both awesome as well
now suspension we're going to be picking
up this time around and I'll be getting
into it in just a little bit why this is
so crucial but um out of our other
choices I mean kinetic reflection is a
good skill but I'm not really worried
about deflecting enemy bullets because
they're going to be dying so [ __ ]
quick it's not going to matter and uh
similar to inertia like inertia is a
great skill to have but you know I'm not
really worried about my Shields cuz
people are just going to be dying
Non-Stop and that's also why we're not
going to grab Fleet like my Shields are
going to probably get depleted won't
matter stuff's going to be dead so we
want suspension that extra duration on
the phase lock is going to be crucial to
the strategy of this build obviously
converge is a key piece of this I mean
you phas lock one guy and it groups them
all together there's no downside of this
especially with what's about to come so
we got Quicken 30% more off the cool
down obviously we got to pick it up and
then subsequence and this is where [ __ ]
gets fun so subsequence anytime
somebody's phase locked and they die
100% chance for it to phas lock somebody
else so this is how this basically goes
down we start shooting something it gets
you know around that 50% Mark it's it's
going to probably die soon we hit it
with phaselock ruin will most likely
kill the Target on its own upon ruin
killing the target subsequence moves to
a new Target who's basically right next
to that guy because of converge and then
what happens ruin procs again and then
that guy probably dies and then it goes
to somebody else from subsequence so
basically the we're going to phas lock
the first guy we see that's getting
relatively low and it's going to pull
them all together and then our phase
lock is just going to jump between
enemies each time it jumps it's going to
converge them back into a nice little
tight-knit circle and it's going to reoc
ruin and what ends up happening is ruin
just kind of molests everybody in your
visible field between just the multiple
procs going off and your gunfire that's
going in so it ends up being pretty
disgusting and uh I think I got a decent
group of enemies grouped up here to show
you how it goes down in just a second
and then obviously thought lock and if
for nothing else just because of the 4
second duration that's going to be huge
because without that extra 4 seconds you
might only be able to get the
subsequence to go off maybe two or three
times and that extra 4 seconds like just
in testing I found that that was the
difference between getting three ruin
procs in one phase lock and getting like
six so and the reason for that is
obviously the more times ruin is going
to proc the more damage it's going to be
hitting everybody so just the longer you
have to let that phas lock run ramp it
just you know the more ridiculous it's
going to get and then obviously even
though we get uh 3 seconds on the cool
down of phas lock well we got you know
quick in to counter that and then of
course if you have the legendary class
mod you get 44% of the cool down rate
there and then another 40% of the
cooldown rate for my Relic so um in
short this actual this 3 seconds it's
really like 1.2 or something nothing to
worry about and also you can actually um
thought lock applies to a lot of enemies
that I didn't think it appli to like
there's a lot of bosses that you can
thought lock and it it's pretty funny
because they just kind of stand there
scratching their ass while you fill
their face full of bullets but um and
all that's the build uh moving over to
items obviously the Hellfire is is still
probably my all-time favorite gun on the
siren I
mean it's almost 20,000 burn damage per
second and the burns stack on top of
each other like you just melt face so
fast f with this gun if you don't have
one as a siren I don't know why not um
if you just saw the other video you know
I have a bunch of the pearlescence so um
I'm rocking the Tunga for now I haven't
managed to get new northfleet yet but in
the meantime this thing takes care of
business if I happen to go down so you
know it gets the job done and that's I
do that with all my classes I want one
gun there that's in place that if I
happen to go down I can just shoot it
and I'll get back up that's where the
tungsta comes in or tongas sua whatever
I'm probably saying wrong who cares from
there The Butcher and uh one thing
you'll notice on my siren is I always
try to keep a good mixture of the
element so obviously Hellfire has got
fire covered um The Butcher is going to
be covering my corrosion the slow hand's
going to be covering my shock but if you
saw the pearlescent video you know the
butcher is just a ridiculous weapon and
I mean you don't really need corrosion
that often but when it comes to it out
of all the corrosion weapons I found I
mean I used to use the uh The Bad Touch
but this thing just ruins people so fast
I just can't I can't come to give it up
I just love it too much and then
obviously the slow hand because
regardless of the situation you want to
have at least one Moxy weapon just for
that heal because if I'm about to die I
can switch the slow hand blast something
in the face get a ton of Health back and
be on my Merry way so uh moving on from
there um I've actually ended up coming
to just love the black hole on anything
I play with elements I mean I used the
the same thing on the mechromancer and I
started using using on the siren and I
just love it just because of nothing
else when you go down the fact that this
The Singularity Yanks everyone over to
you and then the Nova damage goes out
and especially at 61 you can see this
thing does almost a 500,000 damage Nova
that in itself will usually get you up
if you're about to die um legendary
class mod obvious choice as for the
Relic the bone of the Ancients gives me
a hard on this is so amazing because I
mean we're getting cooldown rate which
previously I was using the cool down
rate Relic and I remember back a while
ago with the with the last DLC I was
actually testing between the cooldown
rate or the one that increased fire
damage because I use the Hellfire so
much and I was like well I mean in the
end I guess I'm going to go for cooldown
rate just because you know more overall
more phase locks is going to be better
in the long run and I I had to to you
know put my fire one aside and I was sad
about that and with the release of these
new relics I was just like [ __ ] yeah
fire damage and cooldown rate what could
be better so I mean if you're a
mechromancer grab the shock one if
you're the siren I mean personally I
love fire so I'm going to get the fire
one but um as mentioned in the pesent
video this comes in fire shock or
corrosive so you know get one for your
flavor and uh in terms of grenade I just
grab a meteor shower just cuz it blows
[ __ ] up I mean like the meteor shower is
that grenade that you can just throw it
into a room and be like uh [ __ ] this I'm
just going to Chuck this and turn around
and it'll just kill everything thing
that's just what it does so
um yeah with that being said uh let's
let's get to business so got a good
little group of guys grouped up here
they're already kind of fighting each
other a little bit so we're going to try
and get this guy let's get this guy a
little
lower here we go come on all right so
we're going to phas lock one that was
interes kill him you can see the FAS
loock procs again kill him fze Lock's
going to go to this guy procs again
and right there we only end up getting
three procs before it went down but you
can see just with the with all the
different items we have doing cooldown
rate we just about have it up already
and well you can see how just ridiculous
the fire damage is going I mean look at
these ticks look at the burns on this
guy oh man I almost feel bad for him so
we're going to kill these last couple
baddies real
fast just to get more to spawn and
hopefully uh bet demonstrate the
ridiculous combination of Ruin and
thought lock or ruin and subsequence put
together God I love the burn damage on
this just melting face all day
long that Vault waves like a f through a
cookie store [ __ ] right I chew
through [ __ ] like a fat kit through a
cookie store all right so here we go
let's get four guys if we can get them
all grouped up this will get nice and
fun right here so we're going to start
with you th lock melt him down another
one procs melt him down come on where
you going get over here oh went to this
guy let's get this one down oh you got a
shield [ __ ] your Shield oh I only got
three damn it I was actually thinking
about playing through this DLC all the
way up to the bar just cuz I think that
would have been an awesome place to
Showcase this oh really look at this and
this is where it comes in they got me
down no you don't [ __ ] that's what my
rocket launchers for like take this big
guy for example we don't want want to
mess with him so we can just thought
lock him everyone's gonna mess around
with him like no one's even shooting at
me anymore so that gives me time until
this [ __ ] walks in front of me blow
him up real fast but we got rid of his
shield let's thought lock him again and
we're just going to melt this Goliath
real fast I that was a level 61 Goliath
and hellfire was just like what are you
doing don't don't mess with me I'm just
going to melt you you're dead you're
dead calm down and I mean it definitely
is a it's a very offensive build and as
you can see my health is just kind of
like dangling on the the precipice of
life but that's what we got our slow
hand for look at that we just pop this
guy off a couple times look at all that
Health we got back that's why you always
want that one Moxy weapon and you only
need one and I love the slow hand just
cu the damage is so high even though it
doesn't heal as much as say the Ruby the
damage is high enough that the lower
percentage of heal it still works out I
look at this guy he's a super badass
there goes your Shield you're dead like
that that wasn't even fair he just got
molested in like half a second and
especially with this thought lock just
going around like that it's it's going
to keep all of our enemies constantly
slagged
up like it's yeah there's nothing else
to say it it's just it's [ __ ] broken
just ruins people at this one [ __ ]
look at this watch this here we go what
are you doing stop
stop look at that that's just that's
just Elemental damage from ruin just
finishing him off and melting him that's
so now that you've seen how ridiculous
the siren can be when you uh you know
combo up this [ __ ] try it out um if
you're playing with friends one other
thing I did I ended up uh if you want to
do a more you know group friendly route
you could always skip the subsequence
and thoughtlock and then you can get
some points over and do you know res and
wreck personally I hate being the guy
that's like hang on I'll I'll re you
real fast but I mean now that you can
split points up more you can grab like
quick in and then um obviously between
the items to to get where you can pretty
much just phas lock an enemy or res and
it gives you more utility but in the
long run I'm still a fan of a build
where you just melt face but that's all
there is to it for this one guys um like
I said other class build videos are
going to be coming up I'm just kind of
working on each of the characters
individually so if there's a particular
class build video you want to see more
next drop a comment below and let me
know and I'll make sure to get that one
up as our next class build video but as
always thanks for watching I hope you
like the new siren build and you can bet
that when they finally release C the
cycle I'll have one up for him as well
but that's all those two for this one so
we'll see you guys with the next build
video and keep melting down those
bandits in the meantime