pork cordon bleu pork Wienerschnitzel
whatever way you want to call it what
we're dealing with here is crispy bread
chromed pork sandwich together with
cheese and ham this is going to be
absolutely epic
it starts off very simply with two
sheets of parchment paper a pork loin
which I've sliced up into little pieces
just like this place them cut side down
onto some parchment paper and
essentially we're gonna bash this out so
we have really thin pieces of pork here
you can do this on the boards but I
actually find it's much easier to do in
between these pieces of parchment it
means it's not gonna stick to your board
and it's not going to stick to your
rolling pin so now it's time to get
bashing
you can see now I have boost the crap
out of these little pocket scallops and
now we are ready to fill them off with
some lovely cheese and some ham but
before we do that I'm going to go in
there with a little bit of a flavor
maker I have some Dijon mustard so
availa teaspoons amount to each one of
these pork steaks and then just spread
it nice and evenly across and flavor
you're gonna get from that is this
wonderful peppery taste you can do it
with Dijon mustard or any mustard will
really do but I do like the peppery hit
of Dijon mustard okay so basically we're
gonna have a sandwich scenario happening
here so I have some Gruyere cheese and I
have some ham so a little bit of ham on
one side of each of these and a slice of
Briere cheese and the same on this one
as well and essentially we're gonna
sandwich these together and then bread
them up so take off that other slice and
you're gonna sandwich them together as
best you can just press them down take
one of your beautiful little pork
schnitzel sandwiches stick it in some
flour and I've season this up with a
little bit of salt and some white pepper
and you're gonna go from the flour to
the egg and over to some panko bread
crumbs any bread crumbs will do but the
panko bread crumbs are particularly dry
and give you a lovely crust so straight
in to that eggy mixture and then
straight into the bread crumbs look make
sure it's nice and evenly coated
and this is gonna be gorgeous
two beautiful little schnitzel Cordon
Bleu porking things that are ready to be
fried off so into an warm or a hot pan
go in there with some olive oil or just
some some farro will do we're also gonna
add in a pretty generous amount of
butter when you cook beautiful little
schnitzels like this cooking them in
butter is gonna make all the difference
this is not healthy food this is comfort
food look at the body this is gonna be
epic
these schnitzel babies need of a two or
three minutes either side and look at
that golden color that is what you're
after and these beautiful little cordon
bleu Wiener schnitzels are now ready to
go so transfer them out onto a plate
lined with some kitchen paper and they
have this beautiful golden color which
is exactly what you're after
I just want to slice into this and see
how our cheesy golden interior is just
look at that you've got the ham you've
got the cheese you've got a little bit
of mustard I'm sorry but you're just
gonna have to give me a minute let me
try some of this because it looks so
bloomin gorgeous it's oozing with cheese
it's got that crispness and that lovely
hitch of the Dijon mustard it's
absolutely gorgeous all about the crunch
around the exterior and I'm gonna serve
it up with some velvet mash and then
take up that lovely Vina schnitzel on
the side here give it a little bit of a
garnish of some flat leaf parsley just
over the top and I do think what works
really well here and this is
particularly inspired by my lovely
Swedish wife is a little dollop of
lingonberry jam just on the side here
through all that sort of savoriness you
get that hit of sweetness and you have
that lovely creamy mash on the side this
is a dinner worth making and I hope
you'll give it a go the recipe is in the
box below over on my website make sure
to subscribe this channel for lots more
delicious recipes just like this one
leave me a comment in the box below and
of course check out all our social media
we will see you soon but until then
enjoy my schnitzel and I'll see
you soon
[Music]
so I am gonna serve up one but I do want
to try one before I do that sorry but
before I do serve it up I want to see oh
Jesus Mary and Joseph