I know it's late out here but it's Bobby
B coming from you out here North
Carolina we're going to talk to you
about how to prevent dogs from digging
underneath fences as you can see I got
my lovely assistant Desiree here helping
me out with this
project um give you a little bit of a
breakdown tutorial what we have done so
far is we got this good galvanized steel
I think it's 16 gauge welded uh and it
has a green coat on there so that just
holds up a little bit better it was in a
2T
section uh you can get it at your local
uh Low's or low and um all we did was we
cut it directly in half in one foot
sections uh we did it uh differently on
different applications over here this
one it's completely flushed on one side
but over here we're actually going to a
chain Lake Fence now pay attention this
a be a light a life Savior for a lot of
y'all as you can see we we cut them and
we we skipped the space so we cut that
flush and then we added that one so the
other one foot section is just like that
and you can use that wire to wrap around
it all the way down so it saves you a
little bit of time you know not having
to come back with another wire to attach
it and then we got these ground staks
right here connect the other side here
now for another uh for another
precaution we're also going to be
getting some kind of bricks or stepping
stones and we I don't know for a 10t
section we'll probably put three or four
just to keep that weight down you know
but uh we've done this before on some
other uh layouts and it seems to work
out pretty
well so uh just stay tuned we're going
to come back put some gravel over this
and make it look real nice y'all do aay
out