all right everybody so before you go
cleaning your bearing out of your pigeon
spinner with wd-40 a couple things you
should know now this right here this is
a bearing I'll tell you about this
bearing in just a minute but you see
it's not spinning very freely one looks
acts like it's locked up a little bit so
what happens if I use wd-40 on this
bearing because a lot of people are
talking about wd-40 being a good thing
to lubricate your your bearings with now
wd-40 is not a lubricant that's what a
lot of people get are getting confused
here at first it seems to be but uh it's
not in the long run you'll notice that
you know what I'll just go ahead and
tell you about this bearing right here
this bearing right here was real
gunked-up actually had a little bit of
rust on it ii don't know how why you can
see that so i use wd-40 to clean it last
week last weekend so exactly seven days
ago and at first it's fun great you know
like i'm about to show you again but
this is what happens after one week
notice just not spinning freely anymore
remember a good bearing Linnea on a
fidgets spinner spins for a very long
time and you're better fidget spinners
you're going to get more than ten
seconds out of that spin so we're going
to clean this bearing again with wd-40
real quick and then I'll tell you the
step that a lot of people are missing
wd-40 is good for removing any water
that's trapped in there and it's not
going to do so much of a good job as
removing the gunk you're going to have
to manually remove that but in itself
that's going to help get rid of any rust
and new any gunk that's in there so
let's give it a little
okay so now they're things loaded with
wd-40
not making as much noise as it was
before just in it and quite long put it
spinning faster and a little freer and
if I let that wd-40 sit on there for a
little bit maybe even apply another coat
it will work even better but here's the
thing about the wd-40 here's the step
that everybody's missing wd-40 itself it
left on your bearing and when you're
cleaning the bit of the bearing out of
your fidget spinner the wd-40 itself
will leave a gunk when it dries so the
wd-40 is great for helping break your
bearing free get it moving again but
you're going to need to take the wd-40
off of the bearing otherwise it's going
to gunk up damn cat what was that all
about
okay so we're getting we're getting a
little better with it
so it's moving freely now but you give
it a few days and the gunk on the wd-40
as it dries or not the gunk on the w4t
but as the wd-40 dries it's going to
start bumping up your bearing again and
then on top of that you now have a
product on here that's going to attract
dust and clothing fibers from when
you're 50 spinners in your pocket and
it's going to just going to lock up even
faster than before so the wd-40 wants
once you've cleaned it with wd-40 when I
said I'm going to let that sit for a day
or two but after this point you need to
use something like alcohol and this is
only fifty percent that's not what you
want to use and I just realized that I
need to go back out and go get some more
but you want to get just near like 90%
maybe I think is what it is rubbing
alcohol and that's what's going to clean
your bearing real good and you don't
want to use a lot of people or assign
use a q-tip to clean in there but the
q-tips got fibers in itself and as
you're rubbing in there real hard you're
going to you're going to get some of
that q-tip fiber stuck up in your
bearings so that's not good either so
the ultimate thing here is that you need
to keep your bearing dry don't use
lubricant at all you know when you're on
your bearings because you're just going
to attract dirt you're going to attract
gunk and you know the lubricant itself
is going to start gunking up as it gets
dirty and that's not what you want you
want this to be as dry as it can be that
is why you would use rubbing alcohol on
it when you just rubbing alcohol on it
rubbing alcohol itself dries and just
kind of evaporates you know and that's
what you're looking for through there
use rubbing alcohol to clean your
computer keyboard if you can just sit
there and just watch it as it does its
job and you know after you've cleaned it
just evaporates and disappears that's
what you want you want your bearing dry
in these the people that are combating
that belief well it seems to be people
who are used to like rollerskating
and skateboarding and you know in those
scenarios it's going to use lubricant
because your skateboard and your
rollerblades are on quite a load you
know you're standing on them so yeah
it's necessary to keep those lubricated
this right here is not carrying any way
there any load you know this you need
your bearings just to be as freed up as
they convene the only way they're going
to be like that is if they're dry so
don't go with your bearings up with
lubricant and your fidget spinners I
would tell you don't even use like wd-40
or any type of lubricant or any product
if you're getting a good spin if you're
trying to get a faster spin lubricating
your bearings not the way to go instead
you just want to you want to be as clean
as it can be using rubbing alcohol to
clean it let it dry and you know if
you're not getting those seven and eight
minute spins that you're looking for
then you just need to get another fidget
spinner you know that's all there is to
it every single fidget spinner is not
made equally you know as they go through
the process you know these manufacturing
companies are just firing out crap loads
of these things a day they don't have
time to go through and make for every
single individual bearing it's
functioning as its supposed to so if you
get your hands on one that's just not
giving you the spin that you want yeah
you can drop a couple of beads of
lubricant in there and you might get a
faster spin for you know maybe a day but
you've just mapped out the death of your
fidget spinner by doing that so don't
use lubricants on your physics Pinner
like I said this is mainly just a
worst-case scenario if you just want an
extra day or two or a week out of your
budget spinner then you can do something
like this whole wd-40 process and finish
it off with rubbing alcohol that is the
key though if you're doing wd-40 you've
got to clean that wd-40 out of your
bearing so yeah in a nutshell don't use
lubricant don't use wd-40 now don't use
anything aside from just rubbing alcohol
to clean your bearing because you're
very needs to stay dry and that is going
to give you the best things that it's
going to give you and still lasts a long
time
okay yeah