[Music]
how to get glue out of carpet one of the
most critical things you can do when
trying to remove glue from carpet is act
quickly as soon as you discover the glue
stain be sure to take action as many
kinds of glue are especially quick
drying take a sharp knife and carefully
scrape any glue residue off the affected
area on the carpet if the glue has
hardened you may need to scrape for a
longer period to loosen the substance
from the carpet fibers after you have
scraped as much of the glue away as
possible cover the glue stain with a
thin cloth using a household iron begin
to heat up the glue by running a hot
iron over the cloth which is sitting on
top of the glue stain the glue should
soften which will then be absorbed into
the thin cloth as a last resort grab a
pair of household scissors slowly and
carefully cut the affected area of the
carpet to remove the glue residue this
method only works on thick carpets with
long
fibers for more spot cleaning solutions
visit spot removal.
co.com