hello guys welcome back to our journey
my name is Nick beam and today I'm gonna
prank my friend and pretend to eat a
human turn and then it sounds disgusting
but in my peel box
I got a fake fake turd maker so we're
gonna make the turn turn it is a funny
word my friends downstairs I'm gonna
time to come upstairs I'm gonna pretend
to poop and then take one out of the
toilet and I'm not really gonna put it
in the toilet
you nasties take it out
I chase him around the room out of I
have my little GoPro with me so I'm
gonna have it in my hand like hidden
I don't know how he's going to act so
I'm gonna set the camera up and call
them up here I gotta turn the box light
off so it's not gonna be as good as
lighting because if the box lights on
we're gonna scare him off like a deer
okay
what do you put doing nothing dude what
the [ __ ] bro stop put it die play stop
stop stop
what though tastes gross yeah let's play
that oh yeah I'm literally [ __ ] you
and Slater look
Oh God yeah little traumatized how would
y'all react if your friend ate a third
reject like that that was a good if you
should has enjoyed this video give it a
big thumbs up make sure to subscribe to
our journey we're about to hit a quarter
million and also check out my video I
posted on my channel yesterday of my
impressions it's about to hit 10,000
thumbs up so let's get it there link
below Michaels Twitter's got try this at
home
Lauren we'll see you tomorrow
ha