hey buddy welcome back to smoke grab
barbecues YouTube channel hmm okay so
today I'm going to try out something
different
the tipo / X great stuff net got a
little picture there cuz that's what the
map tastes okay okay that's what the
great song that huh they they offered
they wanted me to do a review of a
product so they sent it to me to go
ahead and give it a shot so today we
thought we'd go ahead and do that oh is
it now e oh well fix late I'll fix later
okay I won't pick at it is it some skin
hanging off it girls anyway so I thought
we'd go and grill some vegetables on the
old smoke hello we haven't used that
thing in a while God go and give it a
shot
so oh there you are where'd you go
alright so want to help me put some
there you are
can you put put all this in this bowl
right here so here we have a orange bell
pepper what's going in some broccoli yep
alright maybe this all this stuff you're
seeing you're seeing here is either
picked up at the farmers market this
morning or came from our garden no I
think everything but the thing
everything came from the farmers markets
and we will we grew the onion we have
actually a lot of green peppers and
whatnot don't and carrots going but it's
not enough ready currently so now we
need to want to put some of this on it
it'd be very careful yeah just drizzle
out on it there you go perfect
okay now don't you think we put some
salt on it okay
and with garlic powder going in there
yeah you mean do I do the garlic powder
or you want to the salt well bit of
black pepper okay probably enough kept
the salt tarakudo pointed some 20 some
garlic
okay I'm gonna very very gently shake it
up okay very gently
well this is right here we go okay it's
all coated right okay so we will got the
smoke hollow preheating right now the
mat that we're using is right here so
this just goes right on the grate and
you throw the vegetables right on run
top of that um we have we're going
camping
the next couple weeks probably yeah
we're gonna have a couple weeks without
we going to use this thing out there as
well might do like a smoke grab on
location if you will
yeah yes we got you guys screw it upside
down babies go it's like that right
there screwed right there but so today
we're just use this I'm just outside so
we'll see how this works
um it's not like a no mess clean up if
you will again if you're doing always
vegetables if you're doing this I want
to grill that you won't be able to do
that you have to get some kind of
different basket or something for that
to actually work so that's what we're we
testing out today
good come on go outside and see the hot
wire so we'll see outside
all right so got the grill going right
here and the mats going down just like
so put some olive oil down
all of that so now we're cooking
so we checking this back as we
progressed here to see how these things
do see a little bit about just two
minutes in here I just want to see what
I was looking like summer should be how
well I can hear that but it's definitely
grilling cooking within the olive oil
itself that's on the mat so I'm going
back into Cubs if a couple minutes
longer to go ahead and do some flip into
maybe some rotating of the vegetables
there well what's pretty good in pretty
good cut just a couple minutes longer
not to none too much at all
flip these guys around rotating them see
how we're doing here
you're wondering - the majority charcoal
is just unreal yonder so here is not
getting not what won't get as much of a
cook that's why work
so that and as data there are to come in
the pack so the mess I'm making right
here doesn't have to happen if you're
using it
Susan's about the same time and if your
view to of course
cut cut these to the size of your grill
if you say grill was maybe prep smaller
than what then what I have here to doing
good
oh it's exciting judo so here we have
the vegetables again and we can flip
here yeah just about done and over
didn't over done some of them reason I
chose Lobby bodies vegetables was that
they complemented each other on the
grill you draw me to getting two
different vegetables I don't uh have
different grill times mess it up unless
you want to do I'm staggered here we go
doing pretty good I actually put them
off over here a little more indirect and
will be uh you go and we are done when I
get these guys inside alright so we have
here the the bar the mat itself I meant
no stick I mean this thing is nothing
stuck to it it was I worked out pretty
well there's the other side I'm assuming
they're being interchangeable
Alfre double check that but yeah so so
far so good we're going to get get these
I'd use a try
can the right kind right back you so
here we have the the veggies off of the
off the grill mats they don't look very
good they are a little overcooked clear
vegetables I primarily cook meat but
anyway maybe next video for the robots
will do send me you don't wanna bite of
this you're missing out you're missing
out kiddo so they look overcook but they
are really really good I'm really
impressed with with the grill mats on
how they perform it was truly a nonstick
surface um everyone sorry everyone
advertises that but really that is
actually the case so we'll definitely
doing a couple more videos with them in
the future so I want to say what is he
doing kiddo Oh careful
I wanna say thanks for watching and
again thank you for a for great stuff
net fry for sending us this stuff so we
can review
um truly is a family production here
over at smoke we're smoked barbecue so I
wanna say thanks and have a good night
thanks bless you
oh you got me daddy