hello everyone and welcome back to
another Minecraft video I do believe
this may be the first time I've ever
made a video just dedicated to a bug
something that need sticks in in
Minecraft but I hoping by the end of
this video you'll be heading over to the
moyang bug tracker and up voting this
bug so the developers there can see it
and fix it because this has the
potential to break a large amount of
redstone contraptions now this change
was made in 16
w32a it was a change that was made to
fix a bug with Hoppers and the change
itself has introduced all sorts of
problems so Hoppers used to run on game
ticks which is what Redstone runs on
that's why this is very precise over
here now it runs on a global timer which
means we will get in inconsistent output
from Hoppers so wherever you've used
Hoppers to create some sort of timing
circuit like an EO Hopper clock for
example that will now be broken and we
can see this in action uh with this
little demonstration right here now what
we should see is that the Piston at
either end activate at the same time as
you just saw though that is not the case
due to this random timing uh this will
now be inconsistent and so each time you
know it's out of sync which is not how
it used to work so you can see the same
thing here with them side by side it
goes out of syn somewhere just around
the third or second one and that's
because of this inconsistent Hopper
timing so if we go over here and use an
EO Hopper clock what's interesting
is that you can see that output is
inconsistent and different however if we
put some Pistons over here on this side
they're the same although this time
actually they slightly off I think
they're ever so slightly off earlier
they were identical to one another and
yes basically the timing of these things
will now be inconsistent due to this
bug and I know what some of you are
going to say the game changes Redstone
changes you should let moyang do what
they want and I would partially agree
however this doesn't add anything is my
concern you're going to break a lot of
things and then you're going to remove
the ability to use hoppers for timing in
Redstone Circuits and there's nothing
really to be gained from this change so
I don't think um that this is something
that should really be in the game and
I'd urge you to go over to the bug
tracker if you agree with me and give it
an up vote and let the guys at moyang um
see that this issue is perhaps something
that should be resolved obviously it's
going to be in their hands it's their
decision and I also want to say a big
thank you to mango for bringing this to
my attention um he was very kind to do
so and of course this is something that
is going to benefit the Redstone
Community if we get to keep it rather
than have it changed and that is it for
me this video by the way it's the first
one I've recorded in my new place my
sound might be a little bit echoey you
can probably hear that now that I've
mentioned it and that'll get fixed soon
I hope but anyway that's it if you've
enjoyed the video leave a like as always
thank you for your support go over to
the bug tracker do the up voting and I
will see you later today when we live
stream CIA for now bye-bye