[Music]
[Music]
there we go
gotta get you one of these again you go
got some debris in there yeah new guys
you got to get you one of these disposal
tools sure beats having to do it with a
screwdriver the resident was home so I
couldn't really get into it but you saw
easy easy it was just pop it in there
break it free and move on I'll leave a
link to one of these in the description
below and you can have it ordered and
delivered to your house this is where
you guys will start you know you new
guys sometimes I get asked how do you
move up in this business and you just
start out by doing disposal ceiling fans
and don't wait for anybody to give it to
you just go in there and look in the
work water box and grab what you're
comfortable doing and go do it that's my
story that's how I moved up all right
thank you for watching the dirty
maintenance show
[Music]