[Music]
welcome back fellow Youtubers with goto
Hydroponics we're out here in lovely
sunny Wisconsin this time instead of
that cloudy nonsense um I know I haven't
been updated I haven't been updating you
guys in a little while I've been super
busy here working a ton of hours G sucks
but still doing this still going strong
with it don't worry
um what I really wanted to say is the
results of been getting off this it's
amazing the tomatoes are coming off
are great size tastes fantastic and I've
been getting a ton of them too many
almost too many of them I've been giving
away at work we've making salsa here
giving my girlfriend uh then we just
picked a whole bunch for making tomato
sauce tomato soup all that stuff with it
and there's still more to come just off
of my six plant system and I'm here to
share with you guys and how it's been
going so these are the size Tomatoes
I've been getting or coming across every
single time I pick they're almost about
this size every single one of them that
fits in your hand it's like a size of a
baseball the biggest one I got office
was 11 oz so
far yeah look how nice ruby red they are
clean like that tastes delicious oh
can't get anything can't get anything
better than that now let's go to my
plants there is still a ton to pick on
here yet even though I just pick all of
them almost um got a cluster up there
look how big they are I mean it's still
the same size they plump up all nice
like that there's a nice big one we got
a clump right there go in here got some
up
there more down here little smaller
ones and got some red ones right there
looks like there'll be another one ready
to pick
soon um we got some o we got some nice
big red ones back there you guys can
really see that well there's some big
red ones back there you can kind of see
them a little bit um we got some up here
there there got more in this plant
they're growing up and above and stuff
it's crazy last two videos I've hadn't
have had to put these little twist tie
things up to hold these plants up which
is seriously holding that plant up I
lift this up and it is actually heavy I
mean heavy heavy I couldn't imagine what
this thing would weigh with all the
tomatoes actually on it I mean that's
that's why the plants were all falling
over each each
other and you guys thought my setup was
crazy when I first started I had poles
dug in the ground I had this old zip
tide and now you see why it's actually
worth it you have to with all that
weight um yeah to Meo are great people
love them I give away a few different
people um working fantastic they're
sucking less water so it means they're
really starting to get towards the end I
haven't given them any nutrients I think
it's about 2 weeks I do have to fill up
my nutrient res Reservoir I'm on let's
let's
check take my tomatoes off here
gently
um what are we on down there so we got
about a little under 10 gallons left in
my reservoir should probably fill it up
add a little bit more fresh water um
this still working great though can't
complain everything's
running um oh I'm going to put some um
footage or some pictures in the video of
of the amount of tomatoes I picked
before you guys will be surprised it's a
whole table red I picked before um think
I'll show you my jalapenos too cuz those
things whole those things are fantastic
um fantastic um yeah these things are
working out I mean perfect next year I
think I want to do I'm going to do
powder nutrients of like the Maxi Bloom
Maxi grow want to try those out and see
where that comes I want to try Maxi
Bloom Maxi grow I want to do a little
more research on those and see how those
are if you guys got any
um if anybody's ever used Maxi gr Maxi
Bloom Maxi Grill let me know if if you
guys like them or not cuz they're a
little I know they're a little cheaper
it's like what 10 10 bucks a pound for
the nutrients or whatever it is I don't
know I haven't really look so I can't
really say it but if you guys if you
guys have used it all let me know how it
works cuz that's think about maybe by
next year deal we'll see we'll see uh
temperatures are starting to cold like
last night it was actually cold out here
so we're starting really taper off
towards the end of the season my tomino
should be a okay though they're all
starting to ripen and there's a few
fresh green ones on here but we
shouldn't have any problems with that
um yeah other everything is working
great I almost wish I would have did a
huge system man this is like I can't get
over the results of this this is like
this is way more than I ever expected
for this it's so simple
cheap to start off I mean I all I have
to do is add water pick the tomatoes add
some nutrients every once in a while
boom that's it and I picked I mean boxes
of tomatoes it's insane
so
yeah and thank you guys for subscribing
we I'm up to what I think 45 subscribers
now that is awesome I think we'll head
over to the Garden check out my
jalapenos I picked some off there that
are just massive I mean twice the size
of the ones you find in the store
seriously they're all full of cracks
some are red some are just massive so
show you some of those but before we
leave the tomatoes um theyve been
working fantastic probably do one or two
more videos because you know starting to
get towards the end of the year so uh
we'll kind of see how that one
goes yeah okay let's head over to the
Garden
then okay so we in my garden right now
we are right in front of my all my
jalapeno plants um so I'll show you
these so let's see here let's try to get
some stuff into Focus for you guys so
these this is the whole plant it starts
from down here that's the bottom that's
the stem about an inch inch or so in
diameter almost a little bigger goes all
the way up to here keeps going keeps
going keeps going keeps going that's the
top of my plant so it literally goes up
to my hips
almost that's how tall these plants
are um but remember these are 2-year-old
plants I took them what I'm going to do
again this year is towards the end of
the year once all pepper are off I'm
going to trim them down get rid of some
of this fully age stuff I'm going to
keep the nice thick branches put them in
pots throw them inside and keep them all
around like house plants and I'm throw
them back out here again so let's show
you some of my
Peppers so that's one pepper right there
and look how big that is I mean that is
huge here's my finger in comparison I
mean they are I mean it's a good siiz
pepper and they have all nice cracks in
it they're super
spicy um even got some bigger ones down
here especially down there right there
that's a nice size one
now you see I mean these these plants
get loaded I mean right now let's see if
I can count one 2 3 four five six 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 that's 17
Peppers off this one plant and I've
picked already two I think I picked
twice already so that's 17 off this
plant there's another plant right there
another plant right there another plant
right there and another plant right
there yeah so these plants are doing
phenomenal I mean they are I'm going to
do this every year this is the amount of
peppers I've been getting office is
insane so um look at this one it's
almost like a purpley black looking I
don't know what to say with that that's
really weird looking weird hm this one's
starting to do the same a little bit too
on the outside yeah I mean these plants
are just loaded with them I mean the
branches are coming out and they're
sagging down it's just
insane and yes I put these in tomato
cages for extra support which I am so
glad I did
but yeah and then we have the stupid
ground cherries which ground cherries
are delicious I have to say and for you
for those of you who don't know ground
cherries
are they are these little kind of like
tomato looking things they come in these
pods like this right here and then you
open it up usually let them dry you open
up and this little come this Berry comes
out not really a berry it's like it's
really just tastes like a tomato almost
it's kind of like a like a sweeter
tasting tomato but it's actually pretty
good and we're getting I mean this is
the whole plant here they're massive
this this whole thing is the plant and
it's starting to take over my Peppers so
I trim some back cuz I was like no this
is too much but yeah I mean peppers are
fantastic oh I see another big
one right there look at that thing look
at those two Peppers those are
massive guys want to eat that you'll
buring your face
off yeah look at
those can't go over the results of these
pepper plants too oh man this year's
working up fantastic um I'll keep you
guys updated keep subscribing keep
commenting you know let me know what you
guys are interested in any question
comments you know let me know um yeah
over and now till next time