[Music]
I've flipped a quarter for you know six
million bucks you know I mean but it was
like quick it's like done you know
you're not a sweat what about the NBA
player who you knew that would go on
24-hour benders that would cause you to
bet against the games he played in yeah
I mean there's been some guys that have
lost staggering amounts of money I think
one got lost like 12 million bucks in a
game like in your in a night not in one
night but I think over the course of
like not that many games okay man I
really don't give names it's just bad I
can't I can't do it okay I don't I mean
these guys are probably least contracts
and stuff I just yeah it's a big current
player name-dropper yeah no like big
like big players you know I mean like
big big player but yes I mean like and
it wasn't even the losses right like we
would just bet against him because it
could be playing for 24 hours straight
and it's like really bad like I remember
like Manny Pacquiao would be playing for
like 40 hours sometimes you know says
like I actually like really really
wanted to fire on that Mayweather fight
when he fought Mayweather and I actually
I went to the fight now so close to just
you know I mean not only a cry was gonna
bet two million on Mayweather and I was
like I was like down there and I like
and I called Bobby Baldwin is the the
CEO Arya and he approved the bet because
like normally I wouldn't have been able
to bet that much he approved it and I
was literally gonna go do it and the
only reason I didn't it was like in the
back of my mind I was like you know what
if Mayweather loses this fight he gets a
billion dollars that was like the only
reason because you know if he loses that
you look he's getting 150 million plus
some pay-per-view he loses that fight
he's guaranteed a rematch that rematch
is then gonna probably pay him you know
250 million and then if and then if he
wins that that third one god knows how
much that's gonna pay him so I'm just
like looking at this I'm like okay like
best-case scenario for this guy is he
actually loses the fight because I get
the billion dollars that granted his
legacy is a little bit of a tarnished
right he's got one loss but he still
beats the guy twice and he's the champ
now he's you know worth over a billion
dollars but I just I hate laying those
big odds because I in fact like I bet
this guy built a total of my bet on 5
million that I could rowboat across the
Atlantic Ocean and he turned around and
said that he thinks that he could do it
with like the best rower in the world or
something and it was like 30 days I
think it was and I was like ollie
ten-to-one Senate laying him like a half
a million dollars to his 50,000 and he
went out and found like some guy that
was just like in total beast and like
actually Mike might have been able to do
it they like plotted this course I
talked to the guy on the phone and the
guy was like super confident and he was
like oh I think I'm 50% to do this and
like when I made the bat like the world
record I think was like 36 days or
something right or 33 days I forget what
it was and it was like what I think it
was like what the one was a six man team
and I think the other one was like with
a two person team this guy to do it solo
whatever was because like you know it
shouldn't have been able to be done but
like this guy you know he decided you
know this is a perfect example of you
know the things that people don't
consider in these bats is like this guy
was able to construct like a super light
boat he only put enough food rations on
there for 30 days because like most
these people like you know they put on
the stuff for 60 days because they just
want to complete it no matter what this
guy if he didn't make it by 30 days he
was you know taking off so there was
like a lot of little things and he like
constructed like a three haul boat that
was like for a saying were fit like
flipped over he loses but you know so a
normal guy wouldn't construct a boat
like that but this guy since he was like
strictly doing it for the bet and trying
to win the world record he did so this
is like all these factors you know cuz
on the outside looking in it's like okay
the world records 36 days this guy's got
you know like he's just doing it by
himself but you shouldn't be able to do
it but like when all this stuff started
like coming together I'm just like this
guy might be able to do it so I actually
ended up buying out because I was like
God the last thing I want to do is be
sweating for 30 days this is kind of
rolling across the ocean and like I have
to be like checking the GPS reports and
not being able to sleep at night okay
why would you cuz I
it's just like I don't know I just fear
you know like because you know I'll be
sweating the bat like you know it's half
a million bucks like it's like a big bet
for you but it's just like I don't know
well I mean it's still half a million
bucks I'd be you know I don't know I
mean if I bet a half a million dollars
on a football game I'll be watching that
football game you know like so I don't
know I like like I could out flip the
quarter for you know six million bucks
you know I mean but it was like quick
it's like done you know you know how to
sweat like for me I don't want to like
I've been like sweat for had better to
do that flipping a quarter for six mil
us but at least does the millionaire guy
so how do you feel after that has a
whatever
[Music]
[Music]
you