hi I'm Christy Vega of Casa Vega
restaurant and here today I'm here to
show you how to make ground beef
enchiladas so it's really easy first
we'll start out by cooking our ground
beef so we have about a cup of ground
beef raw ground beef we're going to add
this to our already heated pan you don't
need to add any oil because the beef
itself has so much fat and flavor in it
that it really sort of cooks it upon
itself so this will add some seasoning
we have about a teaspoon of cumin we
have a half teaspoon of pepper
and a half teaspoon of salt and we have
1 teaspoon of Mexican oregano if you
can't find Mexican oregano at the store
just go ahead and buy regular Brecon
odor very very similar and it'll taste
just about the same so we'll go ahead
and we'll heat this until the color
changes from that light pink that you
saw earlier to a nice Brown and here we
have our finished and cooked ground beef
so we're going to assemble our
enchiladas now which is really easy and
you're going to want to start with some
corn tortillas that you've already
preheated and a little bit of canola oil
and a pan and you don't want to do it
directly on the burner because that will
get crisp versus nice and pliable which
you really need to make a good enchilada
so we'll start by just go ahead and add
a little bit of our ground beef just
down the center maybe about 3 ounces or
so or even a little less go ahead and
add that to this will add a little bit
of shredded Monterey Jack cheese again
right down the center and then we're
going to add some enchilada sauce and
enchilada sauce maybe you want about 2
cups and what's really great about
enchilada sauce is it's simple to make
at home or just go ahead and make it
even easier on yourself and buy it in a
can at the grocery store they makes lots
of good ones so we'll go ahead and add
just a drizzle of it and you roll it you
just take one side roll it over and then
gently tuck it and roll it like you
would a taquito
and then with an enchilada it's really
important to
sure that the seam is placed down when
you go in the casserole dish this keeps
the enchilada from popping up so here we
see we have all our enchiladas they're
tightly together and we'll add our
enchilada sauce on top add a little bit
of flavor and we put the enchilada sauce
inside as well to add that same
consistent nice juicy flavor it's great
and then we'll add a handful of shredded
cheese so nice about enchiladas did you
never have to be perfect the Messier the
better it all tastes just as well great
and now you'll take this and you'll bake
it at 350 degrees in a preheated oven
for about three to five minutes and here
we have our finished ground beef
enchiladas you can see the cheese is
nicely melted and it's ready to eat I'm
Christy Vega thank you for watching and
have a great day
you