[Music]
[Applause]
all right well we got the whole band
together we got cliff he's not on the
ranch today using the cheese we're gonna
Larry back there then we got Brandon
alts but it is mini season sportsman
season down here in the keys for floor
lobsters and I know a lot of you guys
have already been asked in about a video
on catching lobsters and cooking
lobsters will not get bug your favorite
one your favorite things I do yeah we
all aboard
[Applause]
alright y'all catch them pretty good
here
water super dirty that Brandon can't go
home by himself
all of them yeah but up got a bag full
of shoes there I'm gonna get in and show
you guys exactly what we use catch
lobsters this is not the proper bag but
it'll work
that's a lobster you take this gauge put
that right there on the front of his
carapace in between his eyes and
obviously he's illegal now if if it was
there and this was back here behind
somewhere back there he'd be short but
that's a nice big Florida lobster super
legal this is a male you can tell a male
because there's a little swimmer heads
back here our bear now I'll show you
what a female looks like
that's a female now female has like
little claws little claws back there and
those aren't those won't like pinch you
or anything but when she's pregnant and
she's got eggs she'll have a big ball of
red sponge like eggs back here and those
little claws hang on to it when you go
Lobster in I use long free diving fins
like that
these are saris she uses a shorter fin
if you're just getting into free diving
and snorkeling pick out a shorter fin I
strongly suggest a full footed full
front fin don't use one with a strap in
the back and a booty you have very very
little power and I've only got about my
entire life of experience free diving I
doesn't trust me on if you're not really
experienced don't jump right into it and
use a long fin because it'll wear your
legs out you'll cramp up and you will
not get rid of fact some mask to have
clear silicone don't don't get clear
it's black imagine this if you're trying
to look if you're trying to look what do
you do you squint if you really try to
look you cover your eyes now if this was
clear silicone it allows light in the
edge of your eyes and it doesn't allow
your eyes to dilate so you can really
look and see well so black silicone
preferably a low-profile mask which
means it sits close to your face and
it's not wobbly and it doesn't have a
lot of air in it low profile your your
gauge and then a tickle stick in a net
I'm gonna get in with this underwater
video camera here in just a second I'll
show you guys how to use this put the
net behind them top top top top
and when he comes out wacom one time
whoa into the net and then just hold him
over get a hold of them and you're good
I would like to admit that this net has
irritated me on numerous occasions today
it's not quite quite deep enough and so
don't go into it and as you go to
Grandma level out the side so make sure
you get a good hold on them and then
gloves
oh there's numerous styles of glove
pelagic makes these they're a little
expensive but man they work so well I
use them fishing I use them you know out
working around and catching lobsters
they're great because the spines won't
penetrate them you really hang on and
I'm telling you guys what if you want to
come down on an amazing trip
check out the Florida Keys there are
boats everywhere but I swear to you
every single rock around here if there's
room for a lobster there's a Lobster in
it I am like oh I know there's a rock
right back over here with three or four
really nice big ones so I'm gonna put
the camera in the housing go down I'm
going to show you guys what is like
really dirty so you got to pay attention
and stick with us here
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now some people will just take these
lobsters and bring them little rascals
are still alive and just it's kind of
weird to rip something in half while
it's still alive
but one thing that will instantly throw
them into shock
lock them up is ice cold water this this
ice brine will instantly lock them up
they'll actually absorb some water and
then when we cook them they shell or you
can peel the meat out of the shell so
much easier so just throw them right in
there look at them see they'll kick but
once you once you put them in that ice
cold water literally they're instantly
watch see how they're all moving
[Applause]
[Music]
instantly they stop moving and that's
the most humane way to kill a lobster
and it also causes them to be lots
easier to peel when it's time to eat
them and that's the most important
whoo nice thing about the single cooler
is that it's gonna keep this ice it's
gonna keep it freezing cold for as long
as we need it I mean these things are
absolutely rugged and do a great job
lock it
we'll leave them there for about 30-40
minutes just to let them get totally
chilled all the way inside and out
then we'll ring them they'll be ready to
cook tonight all right so it's been
about an hour and what do you know the
ice hasn't melted but now these these
lobsters are all dead and very very cold
we'll take out good mass of them now
this is actually one of my favorite
silver stag night check that out I love
that mil knife pretty cool now you have
two options option number one
simply twist it like that okay make sure
you save and I'll show you why save
those but what I actually like to do
take your knife cut it up like that one
over and you actually get a larger
portion of meat
you actually get a whole bunch of meat
out of there that you otherwise would
not get now check this out with these
now you have your little antennas like
there and they've got spikes on which is
why you need to have gloves you see
there's a there's a vein this is their
their anal vent or their tail twist that
around and it's gonna pull it right out
just like that see that chunk it that
one's good take another one and make
sure you you break it down there so it's
still kind of stiff twist it around and
the little barbs will actually grab that
that went out take these we're good
all right now we're gonna go upstairs
split them and show you one amazing
recipe for fresh Florida lobster tails
I really miss Sara I wish she was down
here but greeting lobstering right y'all
subscribe and give us a thumbs up
[Music]
just download oh you guys wanna see
something funny that's Rob getting a
pedicure yep it happened
okay so Rob wasn't the keys for the last
few days lobster diving as you can see
he didn't want to sit on the couch for
the next year so he brought some home
for week so he's gonna cook up lobster
tonight I couldn't go cuz I had a word
so disappointed but hey at least I could
eat it yet so let's see how he cooks her
ring
Danny any baby come on okay look you
guys I'm about to show you when we were
down the keys I hooked this and I was
thinking about doing a video while we
were down there but I thought that'd be
so rude not to bring lobster back and
include Stara in our keys video because
she had to stay up here and watch the
kids and doggies so I came up with this
new recipe I know if you you've asked
and for like more lobster and crab
videos and somebody was asking about
lobster fettuccine and the local halt
holt I don't know if I said that exactly
right Callooh
Holt koloko Holt you're asking about how
to cook lobster yeah cut a lobster honey
how to cut a lawsuit correct
I've been erected the dish I'm doing
tonight
you can substitute lobster tail fresh
lobster tail a lot for me you can
substitute this with crab meat with
shrimp with crawdads or any other
seafood like that now mr. Holt let me
show you how to cut it you're gonna take
good sharp stiff bladed knife I don't
use this reiden I use a straightedge
knife lay the lobster on its belly over
the tail just like that be very careful
go to one of these little indentations
go right through it that's why you need
a good sharp step blade Knight book all
the way down all the way through spin it
around just like that being done
right here go right back up the top hand
on top of the knife down all the way
through good done already
no funny all you've got to do take your
fork hold it in your hand just like this
get the meat right at the back it's
gonna peel out grab that meat it's gonna
peel out it was easier to do uncooked
are cooked either one as you guys saw
whatever I killed these lobsters inside
that freezing ice brine the meat is so
much easier to take out of the shell and
the lobster has no idea what happened
cuz it just went into this freezing cold
drying and you just you don't want to
mince it you just want to cut it into
nice chunks just like that
boo-ki I don't even know what Mensa
needs
well mints is like super small so nice
chunks nuggets lobster nuggets
over here I've got boiling water
that's salted case salted water a little
little butter in our water make it
little tap oily so we're going to use
two tails and two ears of corn
Portland's going a grow at one time are
what you look at Wow
where's that coin yeah where's it get
that one
but okay so now we've got corn and
lobster I don't even think he knows what
he's doing
he has no idea what he's looking for but
he's gonna find it he's eating something
though okay so now you just smash your
garlic cloves close yeah you said
nuggets
well close and nuggets whatever this is
the new terminology it's very tasty
really yeah this is broke pot days
terminology one last thing yeah that's a
shallot this is a baby shallot it's
basically a lot like an onion so please
don't
I mean it's very very very strong they
have a lot of flavor you typically use
shallots in sauces and what we're making
right now is a sauce a lobster cream
sauce okay
it's making my eye so tonight contacts
them and that's crazy good okay I hope
y'all understand that when we're cooking
here in our red kitchen at the condo
it's all about having a good time
Seren I love each other and we enjoy
eating and cooking and we enjoy the
outdoors and we really enjoy you tubing
because you guys have changed our lives
I mean legitimately we're up by the time
you watch this video we'll have to not
to about 20,000 subscribers that's
insane we've had over 4 million views
all because we all thank you so very
much
and again please try this recipe because
it's gonna be good 1/2 a stick of butter
our whole sauce is gonna be based on
that that's one small shallot and two
large garlic cloves
[Music]
now that's just gonna bring that butter
to life corn that's the corn from two
ears of corn sweet corn right in there
can you do it with frozen corn yeah you
can do I did it with frozen corn no no
no this is fresh but whatever we're down
the Keith oh you Everglades
I typically use a lot of different
everglades products but in this you want
to use the original it's the bomb if
you're not gonna use the original use
the Everglades heat but Everglades works
perfect in this dish okay there's gonna
be a lot to it don't be scared to go a
little heavy on the seasoning good
process when you're tossing all you're
doing is just picking up the pan tossing
it and catching it tossing it to be
catching it good let that start to cook
about that I want to save these okay you
know kind of because I'm trying to make
this a big hearty amazing sauce here's
our lobster meat let's throw that in
there take like a fork or something now
again you can substitute this with
whatever you want shrimp crab loves for
me Maine lobster meat I don't care what
you substitute it with but I would
suggest using this Florida lobster tail
meat because it's so stinkin good we'll
go ahead and throw this in here and I'm
sure a lot of you guys and gals are
amazing cooking pasta basically oh I did
boil it so if you have any tips on how
to make it better let me know
you just have to be here to understand
all amazing that smells hmm and it's
hearty it's like look honey come show me
did you want them did you want that to
be a serious shot yeah because I told
his to attend on your faith
look baby my baby balance that crap are
the lobster meat the corn all that
garlic and shallot is infused sweet
cream butter
good old milk how do you know when to
put the milk in there
I just basically made a little I made it
about I don't measure anything no I'm
talking about the consistency of the
corn and everything good and you know
when once once this Lobster got you know
pretty much got halfway three-quarters
the way done show me you want one jimena
that's
here's the chunks of the lobster
nice big fat chunks throw that in there
plants not translucent right well you
know it'll start to turn white it's kind
of translucent when you put it in once
it starts to turn white and it starts to
absorb some of that garlic shallot II
buttery flavor add your milk now our our
pastas pretty good I'm going to go ahead
and turn it down to light to pretty low
let it sit there and you want this paste
soupy right now I want this to be soupy
I want to bring this to a full boil okay
so come look at how this is all coming
to life look at all that cream and
flavor from the butter starting to rise
up rise at the top
[Music]
[Music]
- big old I had flour 3 tablespoons of
cornstarch now if you were to just put
this cornstarch or flour right into that
hot sauce it would be the lumpy so you
take cold water or cold water add your
cornstarch like this now now you're just
gonna drizzle it around here like that
and that cornstarch will think in now
we're gonna have a thickening agent if
you leave it on the heat it's really
gonna it's gonna get real real thick
turn that down oh now see how it's
turning creamy I get back here so you
can see it well in flight now let's say
you added too much and it got too thick
just add a little more milk add milk
until you have the right texture that
you like now when you're making a sauce
like this one of the most important
things you can do is test it taste it so
you want to make it the right flavor
okay
[Music]
it's gonna be really hard so don't just
stick any mouth whoa well it's still hot
I guarantee you will like that we do
have a strainer but perhaps that new
mama hi ma'am
grab em as you can see I'm using my
crabbers just for you there are the
protectors of the house where there's
dogs gonna down the way
[Music]
who want to eat inside or outside lord
thank you so much for this day and for
this food and think for a wonderful trip
Lord
he's pretty nurse through our body and
if you say lord help us to be the best
people we can be each and every day in
Jesus name Amen
okay honey all right gonna have to cut
that up
[Music]
it's so good like
really really really really good
[Music]
it's like a souped-up version of lobster
alfredo like a more exciting version
[Music]
are you guys so here's the deal we
really had a great time down the keys
it's unfortunate Sarah could come down
with us but I really appreciate all of
you watching let us know what you think
if you have any questions about us how
we catch lobsters how we find lobsters
how we find areas that there should be
lobsters if you have any kind of
questions whatsoever please ask us if
you would give us a thumbs up on the
video that always helps and if you
haven't already subscribe and take a
look at our channel and see a bunch of
our backdated older videos we try to
upload at least one or two three videos
every single week and it's gonna get
crazy because I got a lot of videos I
got to upload very very soon and if you
click right there
there's another lobster video check it
out really good dude where's the video
that okay it's not there no it's not
where is it at you got to go like this
see
[Music]
she just doesn't have it it's right
there see I got the magic subscribe
we'll see you guys soon
[Music]