hey everybody April here and welcome
back to my DIY Home Series and in this
video I'm going to be showing you
another Furniture makeover so I went
back to Goodwill and picked up this
dresser for only $10 so it was a great
steal it's a little beat up but it's not
too bad so I'm just going to show you
how I refinished it and made it look
brand new again so of course you want to
start off by removing all of your
hardware and I'm just doing that with a
screwdriver
and I purchased my new hardware from
Home Depot but as you can see it is too
small for the pre-drilled holes that's
already in the drawers so what I'm going
to have to do is fill the old holes and
drill some new ones and to fill my hose
I'm just going to apply a couple of
layers of wood
putty and while my wood putty dries I'm
just going to go ahead and start sanding
my dresser now if you watch my previous
Furniture makeover I did mention how
important it is to sand your furniture
you want to go ahead and try to get down
to the bare wood so you can Prime and
paint and I did start off with the 60
grit sandpaper and worked my way up to
the
220 and I'm just going to go ahead and
sand my drawers also and smooth out the
wood
putty so now I'm just going to take my
tape measure and measure where I want to
drill my new holes
now I'm just going to take my
screwdriver and drill bit and carefully
drill new
holes so now I'm taking my towel and
wiping down the dresser and getting rid
of all of the sand and dust and here's
the primer that I'll be using and I'm
just going to Prime the entire dresser
and like I said said previously priming
is a step that you don't want to skip
priming is very important because it
allows your paint to stick and not chip
off so now I'm going to go ahead and
begin to paint my dresser and the color
that I'm using is by bear and the color
is flannel gray and a satin finish and
you guys I absolutely love this color it
is the perfect shade of gray it's not
too dark and it's not too light it is
perfect it has like a little pearly
touch to it if that makes sense but I
really like this color a
lot and I'm just making sure that I get
into all the small crevices and paint
the entire surface of the
[Music]
dresser so now I'm just going to apply
all of my new hardware with the
screwdriver
and now that my paint is dry I'm just
going to put all of my drawers
in and wipe down the dresser with a
microfiber towel and some Windex and
that is it I love how this one turned
out also I especially love the color it
is a gorgeous Chic gray color so
beautiful in person and this one was
pretty easy I knocked this one out in a
couple hours so that's all I have for
this DIY video If you enjoyed it please
give it a thumbs up and share with
anyone that may find it helpful and I
will see you all in my next video thanks
for watching bye