hey how you doing Jax Cal Fani here and
you're cooking with Jack and we're doing
the redo video for Yorkshire pudding
that's right I completely screwed it up
you guys remember when I made those
yellow hockey pucks yeah that's right
we're doing it again except my friends
from England helped me out with some of
the tips number one tip when you heat up
the oil in this pan before you put the
batter in the oil has to be like smoking
hot so that when the batter gets poured
in it starts cooking right away and then
you throw it back in the oven that's tip
number one tip number two don't ever
open the oven that's right and you don't
have to use grease drippings you don't
have to use the fat from me but you can
add more flavor so I'm going with
vegetable oil today you can use canola
oil you can use vegetable oil or you can
use your favorite meat drippings okay
first thing we're going to do is just
get the eggs crack so we want to do that
first there we go
crack the old eggs there all right we're
going to beat those up and then we're
just going to set them off to the side
now I don't have a flour sifter if you
have when you're going to want to get
that right now so I'm just gonna use a
spatula to kind of air out my my flour
but if you have a sifter the next step
you're going to want to you're going to
want to sift the flour and sift the salt
together all right put that up to the
side here so since I don't have that I'm
going to pour that in there
don't forget the recipes down below on
what I'm doing just gonna kind of air it
out a little bit kind of break it up
once again if you have a sifter just
sift it right through there all right go
through the salt in there
we're going to get that mixed in now
with any uh any batter you're going to
need obviously eggs and milk so I'm just
going to get my milk here and pour that
in there put the eggs in there give us
good mix could be a little runny now one
of the other things I learned during my
homework on this recipe was the reason
why you let this set is so that the
flour can they call it get strong I'm
not sure what that means how to firm up
a little bit now the beautiful thing
about making this set is we're going to
wait about 30 minutes for this thing to
firm up a little bit and that will give
us plenty of time to go over to the oven
and set it to 450 degrees and get it
preheated so let's do that right now
alright before we let this firm up I'm
also going to season this a little bit
with a little bit of thyme there we go
we're gonna just mix seasoning in there
beautiful and the reason why I put it in
this this measuring cup is so important
in a muffin tin a lot easier there we go
now when this bakes that all that time
seasoning is just going to bust open now
while the oven is preheating you want to
put a little oil in each one of these
sections you're going to divvy up
give it the oil to all of these okay as
you can see I put I divvied up the oil
and each one of these sections a little
bit of oil at the bottom of each one so
now we're just going to wait for the
oven to get ready and pop this in just
get a piping hot there we go and pour a
little bit of the batter in each about
halfway
Wow this looks totally different than
before there we go let's get it back in
see what happens
how do those look huh did I nail it look
at them bad boys all you could smell the
thyme in it they look beautiful they're
my babies I'm so excited
okay can you tell it's good to be back
on the show I nailed these boys I
promised you and I served it up
see if we can pull one out we're just a
little hot all right let me let them
cool and then I'll show you get you a
better shot of these how's that like huh
look good all around yeah nice little
pockets before your gravy in sweet oh
they smell amazing look at this I did it
all right wow they smell great all right
now I know what you guys talking about
over in England you got to try these
instead of mashed potatoes just make
these four ingredients boom mix it up
let it set for 30 minutes throw in the
oven and the hot piping oil and they
came out great
ahh all right I'm gonna try one of these
because I can only have one yeah
got to watch what a let's see how it
tastes mmm Wow
Oh ma'am you put this next to roast beef
filled with gravy and you're in business
you guys thanks for hanging with me
while I was gone I'm back again and I'll
see you on the next cooking with Jack
please share this video on Facebook I'll
see you later
take care mmm