good morning and welcome to my show like
I'm zona Cucina my name is Lupin polio
but today we're going to make something
different this is called then the lion
greens ooh what you usually kind a bit
of a really good feel blood we're going
to make these potatoes and onion a
little bit of garlic and olive oil olive
oil over pasta yes that's a yeah cup of
tea the olive oil it's Italian just like
me and it's just like Aaron we're both
the day hey even my goat is a tank but
he's not here today so we'll talk to him
later anybody under portion isn't there
how much I guess in a third of a cup hey
that was pretty good guess what told you
that I say buddy I definitely don't want
to look just like you
Oh told me a moment so try it out for 30
listen here as you can see we have other
dishes from other episodes that are
currently on right now yes we do because
we multitask here at la casa
multitasking Cucina people we can walk
and chew gum at the same time kind of
gum yeah that's true how I'm walking
secret is to get it off with one keel
well I think low skill looks like many
different suggests that hasn't happened
I'm really worried about this
you can cut them hey Greg guess what
we're doing just in case you forgot see
the onion is going to peel the onion so
they can use it cut it up I'm all ready
for that it's benefactor and I'll use it
later as well get all that 1 2 3 ok
lavertus a fish in the deep Oh Greg
would agree yes come in here and then
I'm going to catch this one I'm watching
my fingernails I promise
yeah Greg please yes but enough for
today
today we've laughed at the world
hahahaah tomorrow right so he's just
dying to brown up and as it rounds up
nicely I'll crank the heat up a little
bit more I never liked the taste to it
thank you wonder who was walking in the
background good with those boys yeah
she's back and he's back she's back
she's feel much better
recuperation selva she's recovering gear
very well she's gonna walk around she's
she started being old feisty self oh I
know
well the world better look out yes okay
I'm just mix them up a little bit
sister daddy I'll go over it let us not
the cook who's doing Scott to do
Ted's get nice and brown where the
onions at the onion saute then with the
deadline grease as a matter of fact I
need stop cutting them now okay Cherie
we're cutting them here everywhere
Shirley
and dandelion greens like spinach greens
like everything else when you put them
in you start the problem to get really
small you shrink up for nothing I
transfer the potatoes from this one -
that one's the cast I just roasted
potatoes much better everything sticks
in this pan everything six of those baby
yes when I turn it off
what's up I will do a little more olive
oil yeah I'm going to heat it up and
whenever the dandelion graces and cook
them up here they're the light greens
that voice in the background is of
course someone else again filming
one of the greatest painted in white
line
can you smell it camera wonderful stuff
for the potatoes get nice and family
ready to say okay so now as soon as this
is cooked and gets nice and caramelized
for this is all cooked - I'll take this
out of here put it in here mix it up
together pour it over the pasta sit down
and we'll eat again Oh meanwhile I'm
gonna get my guitar and I'm gonna
question music and I'll be back in a bit
so time to break with the second sub
with the ha ha sorry I'm Jeremy our nose
muchos in ours you know say thing I
haven't either
there were two former TOWIE in a bucket
so what are we
they'll make sure that's good little
sulfur he had not too much just the
touch okay
a little black pepper a little black
pepper even though we're all going
together just put a little bit a little
bit some red pepper yeah this is all
done over there the combination of
dandelions and potatoes or olive oil it
looks really good and smell the other
colors nice yeah really
I'm going to pass it to it now and
you'll try
what's delicious is good I think he's
got an even take the entertainment
neatly uh gender line and the onion and
the class - all in one shot like this
and then you play right about now you're
thinking no anyway
buon appetito enjoy yourself have a
really good time tuning to show tell
your friends tell them we love them tell
they love us tell if they don't love us
but love us anyway and send them your
recipes are sending some ideas would be
good to answer them a listen to him
whoever shot I'll talk to you later bye
my child