[Music]
hi and welcome to the Andy's tailgate
Test Kitchen Thanksgiving
spectacular for this holiday I've
decided to tackle the legendary turd
ducky for those who don't know that's a
chicken stuffed inside a duck which is
all then stuffed inside a turkey and we
also have some stuffing that we stuff
inside the chicken that goes inside the
duck that goes inside the turkey sounds
a little complicated looks delicious
let's start this
challenge
okay so we're making our stuffing and
this is a recipe that my wife found a
few years ago on allrecipes.com it's a
little bit non-traditional but it has
become a family favorite over the years
we've got our sausage our celery and our
onions Browning in there and we got to
add some spices Sage
Rosemary and Thyme don't worry Simon and
gar funcle parsley's coming later all
right now we're going to take our meat
mixture and we'll dump it in then over
the sourdough bread that we toasted last
night dried
cranberries apples and some parsley now
if you have not experienced the joy that
is squeezy tube herbs I highly recommend
them it's great for something like this
if you're making spaghetti sauce you can
use the basil it's fantastic it tastes
like fresh but you're not chopping
anything so now we mix this
together and and just get in there try
to mix this up as well as we
can Okay so we've got this all mixed up
now we're going to add our mixture of
melted butter and stock we just kind of
get it wet we don't want to completely
drench it cuz remember it will also be
inside three
birds so there will be some basting
going on in the cooking process okay now
it's time for the most difficult part of
this recipe
deboning what you didn't think we were
putting a whole chicken and a whole duck
inside a turkey now we got to take the
bones out that's where it gets a little
tricky okay I've never done this before
I've watched several Marth the Stewart
videos and one with an Italian guy who
really seemed to know what he was
doing look for white tendons look for
connective tissue you should never be
sawing through bone so for the turkey we
don't take out the Wing Bones or the leg
bones the other birds we completely
debone uh the reason we do that is
because we want the turkey to look like
a turkey still all right so you get the
point about the deboning it's disgusting
and to my producer Nolan who's a
vegetarian who will probably never speak
to me again I'm sorry so I deboned the
duck and the chicken off camera we are
now ready to assemble our tur ducking so
let's take some of our stuffing mix and
we'll put it down sort of like stuffing
a turkey any other time except the
turkeyy all spayed open for you and then
we take our duck there we go Donald is
seated now we're going to put some
stuffing on
him and
now move on to Fog Horn Leg
Horn a say a say one more round of
stuffing now this is a uh this is a 20
lb turkey remember you're going to lose
a lot of weight doing the deboning if
you're terrible at deboning like me you
probably lose a little more if you're
really good at it you'll lose l Les but
as you see you end up with a fairly
substantial creation here now we got to
roll this together and we're going to
skewer it up and try to flip it
[Music]
over we're going to try to skewer this
all
[Music]
together okay so the skewers did not
work whatever website told us we could
do that well it was lying so we decided
let's sew it together and I say say we
because it's definitely a two-person job
my wife who has some suturing experience
came in that seems to be the best way to
hold all that goodness in and just like
that we're ready to season it up put it
in the oven so we're going to take
little bit of kosher salt not a ton
because I brind all these birds and
already a nice mix of salt in the meat
so we're just going to do a little tiny
bit and some pepper
and some
paprika and we've got the oven preheated
to 500° because we're going to put it in
there for 15 minutes at 500 just to
crisp the skin up and then we'll lower
the temperature for the rest of the
cooko that took a lot longer than I
expected I budgeted about 3 and 1/2
hours of cook time it took 6 hours to
get the chicken on the inside up to an
internal temperature of 155° but hey
it's poultry you got to check your
temperature so it's done let's cut into
this bad boy oh this smells so good
cannot wait to see what oh the juice is
popping out that's good that's a good
sign oh my goodness the ones I saw on
the Internet by the professional chefs
there's a lot more definition on the
inside mine fell apart when I cut it
open but it still looks absolutely
delicious and it it's not dried out at
all which is something I was worried
about with all this poultry but let's
uh let's deal with what really matters
has a
taste the duck and the chicken together
all the turkey drippings is a fabulous
combination I can see why people go
through the effort and the pain and the
grossness of the deboning to get to this
because it is absolutely delicious all
right lelu I'm curious to see what
happens when I give tryptophan to a dog
who already sleeps 23 hours a day so
what do you want you want tur duck or
kin all the above got
it so Happy Thanksgiving I hope yours is
as tasty as mine is and remember if the
sports Rider and an old Basset Hound can
make it so can
[Music]
you