if you ever doubted the powerful effect
water can have on your outdoor spaces
just take a look at this this is the
Grand Canyon located in northern Arizona
at 1 mile deep it's more than three
times the height of the Empire State
Building and it's been carved out of
rock by the Colorado River over millions
of years hi I'm Jeff Wilson for
Thompson's water seal and we're proud to
help the Grand Canyon Association
protect and preserve This Magnificent
place we're here to help you protect
your outdoor spaces too after all
sometimes water can start to wreck your
deck in just a few months let me show
you all Lumber even pressure treated
lumber will absorb water when it rains
causing the wood to swell now when it
dries the wood shrinks these repeated
wet dry Cycles can cause cracks and
splits in the wood that can't be
repaired now see how the wood changes
color too from a beautiful natural look
to Silver now that's caused by sunlight
while sunlight isn't nearly as damaging
to Wood is water it will affect the
beauty and strength of your wood over
time that's where Thompson's water seal
products come in from clear
waterproofers to Rich colorful stains we
help you protect wood decks outdoor
furniture and more for the most natural
look America has trusted Thompson's
water seal waterproofer plus clear wood
protector for decades it exceeds
industry standards for waterproofing
wood and the coating resists mildew
growth and UV
damage Thompson's water seal Advanced
natural wood protector dries clear for
the same beautiful natural look and it's
proven number one against water damage
for all types of exterior wood plus the
coating resists mildew growth and UV
damage this formula offers great
convenience features too like soap and
water cleanup and low
odor if you want to add subtle natural
color to your wood and still get the
same tough protection trust our tinted
wood protectors you can choose from four
beautiful shades natural
cedar honey gold rustic
red or nutmeg Brown in either the
traditional Thompson's water seal
waterproofer plus tinted Wood Protector
or Thompson's water seal Advanced Wood
Protector but one thing is clear when
you stop to admire the scenery at the
Grand Canyon natural beauty comes in a
wide range of colors when you want to
incorporate Rich color into your outdoor
decor like these green Adera chairs or
the colorful pattern on this deck turn
to Thompson's water sealed decken house
waterproofing stains there are 50
semi-transparent Shades which let you
see some of the wood grain through the
color and there are 67 bold solid colors
which cover the wood grain choose from
an oil-based or latex formula both have
convenient features like low odor and
soap and water cleanup either way you
get the protection that you expect from
Thompson's water seal products with
Superior waterproofing and a coating
that resists UV and mildew all in one
coat
Grand Canyon National Park is Ever
Changing with the water the sun and the
elements continuing to shape the
landscape Thompson's water sealed
products are helping protect structures
here from water damage and the fading
that sunlight can cause and you can put
that superior protection to work at your
home too lots more information is
available at our website at Thompson
seal.com and be sure to check out our
VIP program to find out more about how
Thompson's water seal products help
national parks and other landmarks like
Niagara Falls across America
[Music]