this week we're going to be making which
I was six or some people say mozzarella
sticks I say what's at all because
that's how I grew up saying it this is
gonna be really really dug up the men
creepy it's just creepy it's using
string cheese it's gonna be so easy
these ones the kind that you order in a
restaurant or from takeout and I'm going
to show you an easy way to make it at
home you're going to take like all of
your mozzarella sticks and you can cut
them in half stick them in your flour
shake off the excess then you're going
to put them in an egg wash dip them in a
mix of breadcrumb and panko sure they
well coat it and then put them on a
plate after you're done breading them
freeze them for at least five hours or
overnight and I recommend overnight
because they really really should be
very frozen and I've already had some in
the freezer for a while so didn't that's
another good thing you can make them in
advance and just stick them in the
freezer for when you're in the mood for
them see good yeah just make sure
they're really frozen and hard really
hard okay remember how I taught you to
check your oil put the wooden spoon in
and you see it bubbling yay the oil is
ready when you see that just drop them
in don't put too many at once because
you lower the temperature of the oil and
you don't want to do that and just just
a couple of minutes on each side not
even but all you want to do is drown
them you don't want to melt the cheese
inside
when you see them start to lose a little
bit of cheese start taking them out this
is what they look like
just remember freeze them overnight and
you can use any type of dipping sauce I
have leftover vodka sauce that I made
the other night so I'm using that just
below system I'm going to try these
they're so easy to make so much fun you
can make a ton of them in advance and
just keep them in your freezer enjoy if
you don't believe that you need to
freeze these long enough let me give you
a little sample of what happens if you
only freeze something like an hour