today I'm making fried mozzarella cheese
steaks these are just like the ones
you'll find in any restaurant and a heck
of a lot better than any of the frozen
ones you'll find in a grocery store
these are the ingredients that you'll
need and let's get started to start off
I've got an 8 oz block of mozzarella
cheese here I prefer using block cheese
over string cheese because it holds up
better in the frying process and doesn't
ooze out so much and I'm just going to
cut this in
half and then stand it up on edge and
slice it right down the middle
and then cut this into five equal pieces
for a total of 10 cheese sticks per half
an 8 oz block of cheese will give you 20
cheese
[Music]
sticks and in a pie plate here I've got
about 1/4 of a cup of flour and I'm
going to coat these making sure to get
the ends as well and I'm just going to
put them into my cander here and then
shake off the excess
flour in another pie plate here I'm
going to crack in two eggs and I'm going
to add in 2 tbspoon of water and just
using a fork I'm going to whisk this up
until it's combined in another pie plate
I'm going to add in two cups of
breadcrumbs these are Italian style
breadcrumbs I made these myself and I
will put a link in the description so
you can watch the videos to how I make
those now to start the breading process
I'm just going to take the flower coated
cheese sticks and put them into my egg
mixture and you want to make sure that
they are completely covered in the
egg let theegg excess egg drip off and
then place them into the
breadcrumbs and you want to make sure
that they are completely coated in the
breadcrumb mixture and it helps if you
just kind of press the breadcrumbs onto
the cheese sticks shake off the excess
breadcrumbs and set them off to the side
and continue on with the rest of your
cheese sticks now I'm going to repeat
the breading process
again using the egg wash and then going
into the breadcrumbs again the double
coating of breadcrumbs a nice thick
coating on the cheese sticks and it also
helps to prevent the cheese from oozing
out as you fry them and then you want to
put these onto a plate and put them into
your freezer to freeze for about 2 hours
before you fry them again it helps to
prevent the cheese from oozing up then
I've got my cast iron skillet here with
about an inch of vegetable oil in it and
I've heated this over medium heat to
350Â° make sure to use a thermometer and
I'm going to place the cheese sticks in
and I'm going to fry these in small
batches you don't want to do of them at
once and you want to constantly move
these around with a pair of tongs or
with a fork or whatever cuz you don't
want them to stick together or to stick
to the bottom of the pan and when
they're nice golden brown go ahead and
remove them to a paper towel lined plate
and you can see none of the mozzarella
oozed out and that's because we froze
them and also put a double coating on
them go ahead and serve these up on a
plate with some marinara sauce and there
you have it fried mozzarella cheese
sticks at home hope you guys enjoy and
thanks so much for watching watching
[Music]