in the years after World War two life
was extraordinarily hard in places like
Monte Cassino along with many other
ambitious young Italians foreknows
oculars parents emigrated to London when
he left school
Bruno began working on Smithfield meat
market and over the years has built up a
successful business which now includes
the delis and restaurants run by his son
and nephews in spite of being the very
model of modern london Italians they all
retain strong links to the family back
in Italy and travel back as often as
they can for families like the cyclist
now spread over countries and cultures
the annual pig killing has an importance
far beyond mere food
all the meat that's been trimmed off the
carcass during the day is taken to the
kitchen to be turned into sausage meat
the important thing is that they
separate the fat from the lane the rind
and that way you get a good proportion
sausage you don't want it to be over fat
you don't have it to lean and you've put
much total body of the family into it
yes right yeah they're all in it in
January the countryside is quiet
so this is a little bit of fun for they
get together their little chair
they talk about what Berlusconi's doing
to the country while the sausage meat is
being prepped the big pieces of meat the
pancetta the guanciale and the copper
need to be salted okay this is dry rock
salt which will and it already you can
see it's starting to to leach whereas
change color they're starting to leach
some of the liquid out and this
basically will just suck all the
moisture out of it it really has got the
most terrific hands for this I'm he's
really working it in there see the blood
comes out as he's massaging it look all
that Bloods got to come out so what we
do put the circle of salt on the top of
it now oh right so he's lying it flat
clear oh yeah Mario takes away the
salted meat which will cure for several
weeks meanwhile it's time to salt and
seasoned the sausage meat absurd
quantity of meat
I think I've never seen this much in one
place before that's great we all work
together right so and working the salt
they use 25 grams of salt per kilo of
meat and fat just to the opposite thing
there that's the key trade secret okay
so point five percent ratio of salt to
me creates an environment that makes it
difficult for bacteria to survive once
the meats been properly salted it will
survive the process of our dry this is
wild fennel seed that they actually
collected the mountains themselves
this is sweet chili as opposed to the
red hot stuff
it seems that real old pros like Mario
can adjust the seasoning by tasting the
pork I got our votes right frankly I
couldn't sell a damn thing but he seems
to know what he's doing with our first
batch of sausage meat mixed and resting
it was time to address the insides of
the pig got the lungs we got the heart
which has been split out to clean out
the inside for blood clots caul fat here
two kidneys this is the melt here we've
got a little bit of skirt left over that
we rimmed off and this is the liver I'm
gonna trim up in a minute and all of
these will be minced up to go inside the
pig got a sausage this is the diced
pluck I saw earlier with a caul fat yeah
yeah that is the rind of three oranges
that you picked earlier yeah this is
chopped apple and garlic yep 25 grams of
salt per kilo same again same
proportions you had before what I love
is the fact that everything we've done
it's been done by the guys but this lady
comes out for the seasoning every single
time obviously this is the magic we take
her home with us kidnap her we got the
whole business strangely lovely color as
well as with any sausage the best way
for us civilians to check the final
flavor is to cook up a small batch and
taste it everyone has an opinion but
Bruno's San Antonio and head chef
massimo get the final word and now we
know it's good it's time to start
stuffing we're using an electric
stuffing pump a bit like a mincer
without the blades and a variety of
sausage skins first off is a length of
well soaked esophagus which will make a
big thick salami this is pure generation
game stuff they'll tie and they'll film
smaller salami Rome uh-huh now we move
on to a more regular star casing a
medium-sized hog gut
the concentration is absolutely intense
here I love it if you have too much and
they split yeah yeah bull pen Sunita you
wanna join link throw it on the table so
you're nice right sorry yeah so twist
their back to the halfway yes okay and
six inches or so dad small squeeze all
right so really you could potentially
cook these fresh now and they'd be
completely delicious um the idea is to
let them rest
you're gonna eaten fresh that rest for
24 hours so this is the the great flip
will it won't it I don't believe it
nearly worked okay and this one and that
did was brilliant okay so over my para
and through okay no better than I Maggie
okay and does she blows I actually did
it
I don't believe it thank you I shall
blush a web around my neck the badge of
pride
I was ridiculously chuckle done solar
whistles