hi alex is cooking and today we're going
to make party sandwiches and you can
make these any time Louie but we like to
say a special occasion since Valentine's
around the corner we're going to use
them for a Valentine card decorating
party first we're going to start with
our cucumber sandwich now these are
something that don't stay in my house
very long but I've never had any
leftover from a party so hopefully
you'll join just as much as all those
I've make them for half we're going to
start with three nice sized cucumber at
8 ounce box of cream cheese garlic
powder garlic salt and dill you can
choose your kind of bread we like to use
white bread for this special little
sandwich it's a delicate sandwich we
don't usually use white bread around
here so that makes even more exciting
when they see these on the table so I
would suggest white bread but you're
welcome to use any other kind of red
that you choose once you clean the
cucumbers and dry guys we're gonna peel
them after you peel them then we're
gonna cut them lengthwise now you can
find different ways to core out of
cucumber which is very important but
this is the way we managed today we can
make cucumber boats basically the reason
why is cucumbers are 95% water if you
don't get all the middle lot and we
don't drain these well we're gonna have
one soggy mess and set up a delicious
delicate sandwich so we're going to go
ahead and cut it in then to cut it in
half and start scraping you can use a
spoon you can use a cookie drop you can
use a melon so that melon baller
whatever it is you want to get in there
and you can scrape out the middle so
what's completely out and discard that
middle once we've just started the
middle they've got it nice and clean
we're gonna go ahead and start chopping
so the way I want to start doing is just
go ahead and make some couple slices
we're gonna chop this up this particular
consistency I like to use a fan-out
method to chop do how do you like but if
you do like want to try out the stand
hold the tip very carefully down firmly
keeping your fingers up and out of the
way of the knife and just being across
and back and this is about the
consistency that you want alright so now
we finished our chopping chop all three
of those cucumbers and then we're going
to place them in a colander
this part's very important
this doesn't take much time as far as
your effort but it does take some
waiting time you can take this recipe
and put it in a plastic container and
use it any day of the week do it ahead
of time which is really great about this
recipe all right you're gonna let it
drain for an hour and a half and while
we were waiting for that we're going to
go ahead and get our filler ready we're
going to start with cream cheese or 8
ounce cream cheese we melt some
microwave 45 seconds you're gonna have
to decide what it's gonna take for yours
you just want it soft so it's easy to
stir we're gonna strong with our cream
cheese and put it in a nice microwavable
bowl and stick in the microwave about 45
seconds we just want it to soften up
enough so that we can stir it so they
can get it nice and we don't know why so
it's running too high did you like the
gauge on your microwave just enough so
that you can see that you're getting
such stirs real easily and we're gonna
start adding in our garlic salt I would
love to give you exact amount but it's
immigrant cook will tell you it takes
your nose and tastes so know exactly how
to make a recipe perfect and all because
some people like a little more so I'm
like three mister is good i stir the
salt and the garlic first and I don't
like a lot of salt but you do need some
to bring out the flavors and also when
you try this before but the comes in
keep in mind cucumbers do take salt just
kind of like almost like a potato does
so it may seem a little saltier before
you put the cucumber in but that
cucumber also pull all that out and then
it's the dill the dill makes the
cucumber a fresh wonderful taste
together I like a lot of dill I mean a
lot Ã¼nzile is a very delicate taste and
it does take a little bit more than I
find to bring out the flavor so it's not
overpowered by the cream cheese or the
garlic I'm going to taste it mmm
perfect now we're ready to add in our
cucumber that is drained for an hour and
a half and we're gonna mix that up I
like to smell it mmm I smell that broth
don't we need again the dill number I
told you how it takes a lot of dill to
get a lot
flavor who's so delicate to use and so
spread and to hold a little bit better
if you stick in the refrigerator maybe
20-30 minutes just to give you a little
show and it firms up just a little bit
so it'll be real easy to smooth on to
your bread so now we put our cucumber
mixture in dirt we have about 20 minutes
nice and cool just kind of help lets it
congeal a little bit and we're going to
take some nice little bit milk here's
it's not tricky
it's just let me give you some helpful
hints on this if you're using a delicate
bread like the by trend which I suggest
because I think this is like a cheese
sandwich something that's a little more
delicate tasting don't fill it too much
this is a very again delicate sandwich
fabulous taste all right we're gonna put
them layer and you can see once you try
this why I suggest not cutting this too
thin or too thick just make nice little
dices we get that nice layer on there
we're going to top it up and you saw
that I kind of spread it in to end kind
of weird that way no I like to cut out
shapes the easiest way to do this is to
take a nice stereo might even a steak
knife and carefully take off the edges
and then cut it into squares or
triangles it holds really nice the
reason why that whatever fills was
exactly done not to do which is to cut
out shapes because if you do that
cucumber will push through the bread and
you have a lot of holes and cucumbers
seeping out at the top of the bread
we're going to use hearts day because
like I said we're doing a card
decorating party for Valentine's so of
course we have to have hearts and I'm
making it they using just a cookie
cutter super yeah we only got 40 more to
go there you go y'all we finished our
cucumber sandwiches in the perfect
addition to the cucumber sandwiches I
can pin will so good check out my video
right here and see how to easy those are
to make delicious together and very easy
just like our cucumber sandwiches
actually a little bit easier don't drill
that shopping alright y'all I hope you
enjoyed this cucumber sandwiches and
hopefully
some of the things in my other video
subscribe subscribe today because you'll
be able to find out first what videos I
put up next and if you have any
questions or have suggestions for how to
please send them to me I'd love to know
what you'd like to see thanks again and
have a fabulous day