all right we're going to make one of my
son's favorites today and it's salmon
croquette salmon croquette is a very
simple simple basic soul food menu item
usually served at breakfast but
perfectly happy and lunch and dinner and
you just take a can of salmon meaning
brand will do and what I like to do is
first dump this extra juice that is
can't get packaged in I don't the juice
in the sink and then I prepare the
salmon so it will look like this
interesting looking now seven is full of
bones and skin you see that everything
is on it and my sister removes the bones
and the skin she doesn't like to see any
of that but most people don't you see
there's a bone at the middle when you
cook them and croquette all of these
things you can't taste them in the bone
parts no danger they just crumble apart
but so conundrum I supposed remove the
main bone there you go now I'm going to
smash the salmon into very small chunks
it's really tender just match it I'm
going to add two eggs
Oh about a half of a medium onion and I
forgot to buy bell pepper this week so
I'm having to use frozen bell pepper in
a pinch that's a clue for those who
don't cook options can you keep your you
can buy a bell pepper frozen and freezer
sections and have it there
I prefer fresh but you have to have use
what you have and you see this is pretty
moist at this point much more voices
would be easy to fry so I'm going to add
flour at this point and it's kind of to
taste it usually is about three to four
tablespoons of flour to get it to work
so if you use crackers saltine crackers
or bread crumbs
I prefer flour because I can get some
salt a lot better crackers and bread
crumbs already has salt in this and it
will change the amount of seasonings I
put in the okay so there we have today
with four tablespoons of flour we just
want it so that I can make paste this is
a basic ingredients for the salmon
croquette at this point I'm going to
season it using the basic soulful
seasonings right
I see them self onion powder garlic
pepper I mean black pepper and garlic
powder just a little bit just a sprinkle
these will fry in a skillet preheated
with just a little bit of I needed olive
oil you can use vegetable oil canola oil
and you just cook them until they're
brown
so going to season just the same I added
a couple more tablespoons of flour it
was a little too moist for me and also
if you like a little spice in your
croquette this would be a good time to
add if you like KN pepper you can do
that or if you just have some regulars
like Louisiana red pepper sauce hot
sauce you can do that and it's also
cooking we use hot sauce like Louisiana
red Texas Pete not Tabasco not Tabasco
okay my daughter doesn't like it hot so
I'm going to leave that out today and
start frying IRA okay okay now we are
going to add the croquette mixture to
the heated oil repeated the oil in our
pan and we're going to take ajust a
large tablespoon and drop it by large
tablespoons
I would like to bulb the fish up with my
hand so I drop it by faith alone so
they're imperfect but they taste great
our patties are coming along nicely see
returning those over I was their golden
brown if you turn into one of them over
too early just turn it back over let it
cook some more okay mmm croquettes are
done just going to play those up at
first I admit I had way too much water
left for that boil back off the pan only
take just a couple tablespoons at the
bottom you don't want your croquettes
floating and oil by any means just
enough so that they don't stick to the
pan and then we have seven croquettes
ready for breakfast lunch or dinner