all right today we're doing some
dehydrating now why bother with
dehydrating at all right you got your
herbs or whatever you got and you want
to just want to use it fresh well for
some of us like me my herbs are not
going to make it to the summer I have an
abundance of herbs in my garden in a few
months when we're dealing with 100 1520
degree heat that's not going to be the
case for right now I'm going to cut them
stick them in a dehydrator and preserve
them that way I'll be able to have my
herbs and enjoy them even through it a
very hot part of the summer day is going
to be thyme and mint times on the left
and mint is right next to it now believe
it or not there's an oregano between
that time and a mint that's just getting
grounded out by them so we're basically
going to cut those back give them a
haircut and stick them in your
dehydrator
[Music]
now something to think about you go to
the grocery store and you buy those
little two or three ounce packages of
herbs that cost you know how much money
and you get this there's three ounces of
herbs that's it actually this might be a
little generous but you get the idea now
look at these two large bowls that a
harvest is right out of my backyard
garden and think about how much money
you'd be saving or just not even think
about that just think about how much
money is actually sitting right there in
those two bowls now you can see the
difference you could actually see the
oregano now there you are buddy
[Music]
now this is pretty straightforward going
to take these herbs stick them on these
trays put them into Z hydrator
[Music]
dehydrate herbs at 95 degrees not so now
if you're serious about dehydrating or
you're thinking about getting into it I
cannot recommend the Excalibur
dehydrator enough this thing has been a
workhorse for me I couldn't find one
locally so I had to get it off Amazon
and I'll put an Amazon link in a more
info box below if you want to check out
the one I'm using there's a lot of
exciting stuff hopefully going to happen
in the future but a lot of you don't
know maybe some of you do because going
follow me for a while is that plan on
establishing our market farms a
biodiverse organic market farm and a
nursery an educational center with a
variety of livestock but it's hard it's
hard I'm not chasing my dreams I'm
attacking it with everything I got I
don't sleep anymore half the time I
don't know where I matter what day it is
doing it from scratch coming from
nothing absolutely nothing to doing
something like this my chickens telling
you she knows she sees it
the sky's the limit I tell people that
the future looks better than the past
and I mean now you can always change
your future you can't change your past
that's enough of that if you enjoyed
today's video go ahead and give it a
thumbs up I appreciate if you subscribed
if you want to follow me on social media
I got all my social media links in more
detail box below I'll catch you guys on
my next video
[Music]
you