[Music]
hey what's up view homestead homies off
here with Doug and Stacey I'm Doug today
is a quick video I'm going to be picking
up the rest of this trees in a knockdown
I'm going to show you guys a few tips
that work good for me might work good
for you and that's it let's get this
video going
okay so here's tip number one what I did
was before I left I used the tractor in
the bucket and I placed some of the
larger branches underneath the tree so
the tree was off of the ground because
here we're in the winter time and
obviously as you can see it snowed
before I made it back here to pick up
the tree also the ground is freezing and
it's thawing which causes moisture so I
didn't want any of that moisture to
leach into my firewood on demand making
it you know wetter than it needs to be
so that's all I did I just put some big
branches underneath here I have it
totally elevated off the ground there's
barely a little bit of a dusting on top
of it and so it's still ready for
firewood on demand
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
okay so now I'm going to show you guys
the difference between a sharp chain and
adult chain this is a dull chain
[Music]
this is a sharp chain that's just
another tip just in case you didn't know
we have a sharp chain it's throwing out
chunks of the wood material versus like
a sawdust more fine material out on the
back end of your saw there
let's keep cutting
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright now I'm going to show you guys
something we probably never seen before
a lot of you guys I'm working on the
stumps right now this is a stump from
the last tree with the squirrel in it so
this is the last stump with the squirrel
in it this is one I did before but a lot
of you guys probably don't know that
this is one way you can do the stumps
down to the ground and a lot of you
might not know that I'm actually related
to Paul Bunyan so in the spirit of My
Ancestors I'm going to show you how we
remove the stump in our family line okay
there we go
hi that's how we do it
no saw just brute strength
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright successful day of uh gather in
the would just got back to the homestead
I'm going to get this all caught up
edited cut-up and uploaded and this will
be your video for today today's Thursday
the 9th and soft cream with Duncan Stacy
I'm Doug and we'll see you guys in the
next video
don't forget to check us out on maybe
number Facebook and Instagram and
Twitter