hey guys what's up it's Katie today it's
project was inspired by the fact that I
don't have a ton of overhead lighting in
my condo we have to use a ton of like
table lamps and floor lamps to get
creative sort of like brighten up the
space but this is especially a problem
in my vanity area and like my desk
office area because those are the two
places where you need a ton of light
when you're doing your makeup and your
work so I wanted to come up with
something that was like a hanging lamp
that would take up a ton of space
because I'm not really a huge fan of the
ones you can get it like the hardware
stores or like Home Depot they have some
of these pendant lights that you can get
but I also didn't want to drop a ton of
money on the divider light so I came up
with this really cool DIY and I'm so
happy with how it turned out
and also it brought me back totally to
the days when I used to make friendship
bracelets you will see why and if you
used to make friendship bracelets you
will love this project so yeah let's get
into the video so I picked up this make
a lamp socket kit at Home Depot and I
will link the exact one that I used down
below
but you can also get them at IKEA that
are pre-wired so I will link that as
well but I really wanted to try wiring
it myself because I've never done that
before and it was actually pretty easy I
didn't like the gold color that it came
with though so I decided to spray-paint
these two gold pieces just make sure
that you take the cardboard out before
you do that but other than that you can
pick any spray paint color you want and
I decided to go with this copper color
and then I just took them outside and
spray painted them a couple times so
that I made sure they were completely
covered let them dry and then just put
the cardboard back in next you want to
take the wire end of the cord and string
it through the top of that dome piece
now we're ready to tie our knot so take
the left side of the wire and cross it
over the cord take the right side and
cross it behind and then you can take
the ends of the wire and pull them
through the loops that you just made all
the detailed instructions to do this
come with the kit but I want to give you
guys a visual as well once you've done
that you can just pull the ends and make
a knot this next part also comes in the
instructions but just so you can see
what I did you're going to take the end
of the wire and slide it under the screw
and then loop it around then you'll just
tighten it with a screwdriver as tight
as you possibly can do this on the other
side as well and the instructions will
tell you which wire goes with which
color screw it's honestly pretty easy
and if I can do it you can definitely do
it
so once you've tightened that side you
should have something that looks like
this and the last step is to push the
knot
as close as you possibly can to the
socket now you want to slide the dome
piece up the cord to cover up the nut
that you just made
grab the other piece that you
spray-painted and slide it onto the
socket matching up the marks on each
piece and push them together tightly
until it clicks for the rest of this
project I'm going to be using some
macrame cording that I got at Michaels
and I'm going to start out with 25 feet
but this measurement will all depend on
the length of cord that you choose so if
you run out in the middle you can just
tie a knot get a new piece and keep
going and I'll show you how to do that
at the end fold your rope in half so you
have equal lengths on each side and
place it behind your cord take the left
side of the rope and cross it over the
front of the cord and then take the
right piece and cross it over that with
the piece that you just moved cross it
behind and pull it through the loop on
the left side pull the string all the
way through and this does take a little
bit of time at first but obviously as
the rope gets shorter it gets easier
then you can just pull both sides into a
knot so again it's taking the left side
and crossing it over the front of the
cord take the right piece and cross it
over that and then take that same piece
and push it through the back and through
that loop pulling all the string and
pulling both sides tight into enough so
this is that friendship bracelet knot I
was talking about so if you ever used to
make those bracelets when you were
little this should come back pretty
easily to you and you want to just keep
doing the same knot over and over
starting with the left side because that
is what's going to give you this nice
spiral pattern that you see here so now
you're just gonna keep making this knot
over and over as far down the cord as
you want to go I decided to stop a
little ways above the plug just because
I wasn't sure how it's gonna hang up yet
so I want to leave myself a little space
once you get to your stopping point you
can just take some hot glue and glue the
loose ends of the rope onto the bottom
of the last knot that you made once
you've done that and it's secure you can
just take your scissors and snip off
those loose ends on the side the last
thing to do is just to add your light
bulb and I chose this sort of vintage
looking bulb because it kind of fit the
look I was going for but other than that
you can just screw it into the socket
and hang it up wherever you want okay
guys so I hope you enjoyed this DIY as
you can see you can have fun with it if
you want to change the color of the
cording or the claw eight spray paint
the socket you can do that to fit
whatever look you're going for if you
did like this video be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe to my channel if
you have not already you can do that now
by clicking right here and you can also
go to my main channel page and subscribe
from there check out some of my other
videos and if you really liked it you
can share it with your family and
friends on Facebook or Twitter
email it to someone I don't care what
you do but it's really helpful for me to
get it out into the world you can also
follow me on Instagram I post there all
the time so there's lots of places to
find me and I'll see you guys back here
next week bye