hello um before I get started I'd like
to say I'm not sponsored by littles or
anything like that but I've just
purchased their $9.99 but waffle maker I
tell you what it's actually really good
that's why I'm doing this video because
now it comes with waffle maker your plug
obviously no recipe book instructions as
well it's worth going over reading them
you know but it has got no basic recipes
in here for waffles I'm using one of
those I'm not using my own the batter
mix it says use a little three
tablespoons of for each one but I'm just
using a one and a half of my little
ladles I've got here in the center put
that took about three minutes I've got
mine set there to a number three setting
so not yeah not too dark batters you
know it's a good consistency it's not
too thin the only problem I see with it
is that if you ever fall it fill it
sorry it has no shelf to collect the
waste batter it just overflows and the
plates inside don't detach so it's a
fixed unit unlike your commercial waffle
makers where the plates made detach for
cleaning and then there will be a little
shelf but for $9.99 this has got to be
one of the best buys I've had from a
supermarket brand
it's silver crust generally some of this
stuff is yeah it's okay but no this is
actually a really really good product
Valentine's Day lads is coming up you
want to make waffles in the morning it's
a toner you know butter mix cost nothing
to make but I've actually been really
impressed as you can see I've done four
batches now
and there's not 20 bits let there I've
eaten quite a few you know they come out
nicely they're cooked nicely that
focuses bring into the light you know
it's cooked nicely it's not too thick
they're not big you know bhauja more for
anything but yeah maple syrup bill ice
cream very nice awesome bacon maple
syrup again everything's better with
maple syrup put what's coming up to
three minutes now I'll give you 30
seconds longer because I was talking
before but now compared to where if
you're going to buy a big commercial one
for a couple of hundred this for a
tenner is amazing I mean you're not
going to be making them like they do in
in catering industry you're not gonna be
making it like you do cafes or other
places for a house hold product this is
actually really really good yeah look at
that
beautiful
lovely color sorry I'm touching it it's
very very hot
I've got asbestos fingers I'm a chef in
general so I don't really feel pain like
that so yeah please use mittens or
gloves or use some tongs or something to
take them out I don't want you burning
them but I've just got this ladle there
you go not gonna do a video I'm cleaning
it but as you can tell it's not great
for the old cleanliness it is a bit
grimy
there's no shelf on it like I said but
for 10 pounds you get what you pay for
and I think this is actually a very very
good item that's why I'm putting this
video out there so thanks for watching
good bye sir up