[Music]
life just gets faster and faster and
when you're short of time the first
thing you neglect is your
backyard so why not make a relaxing low
maintenance Japanese Zen Garden at your
place first things first you got to
Wrangle a couple of mates in and clear
the joint
[Music]
out now Japanese Gardens are
traditionally miniature Landscapes
carefully constructed to represent
natural elements like mountains and
rivers so my plans to add some big
volcanic rock to represent the mountains
and gravel to represent flowing water
now we've left a lot of foliage behind
like the bamboo and the gingers has a
perfect backdrop in fact I think the
mountains in the river have just turned
up in the back of a
[Music]
track the trick is even though I'm
getting lots of different materials try
and get one delivery there only one
delivery to be
involved now Rock like this these cost
us about 10 bucks each and the big ones
a little bit more but when you think
about it it's a small price to pay for
such a beautiful feature in your
garden now usually I'm not a fan of weed
map but it works perfectly in this
situation I'm actually using it to keep
the Dirt away from the Pebbles so they
stay nice and white more than I am to
keep the weeds out when it comes to
landscape design you always try and
plant in odd numbers so I'm going to put
three stones in here and if we keep
talking long enough I don't have to help
lift going to put the big one and then
step it it down just like a mountain
range you want to see the world's
easiest bench seat finished I've used
the existing retaining wall here one big
rock and half a sleeper that come preut
so there's no technique to building this
now if you didn't have the retaining W
you just use two
rocks when you're only putting a few
plants in a garden especially a little
zen garden like this you need to
carefully pick your plants this one here
is ninaa domestica it's a beautiful
plant with red and L green and yellow in
the cold hits it then you got Laura
pedum beautiful dark even burgundy leaf
and then on the ground we're using
scleranthus now this stuff's fantastic
imagine being in a tiny little
helicopter this would look like the
canopy of a forest but it would work in
any Garden it's so thick and dense it
suppresses the weeds they don't stand a
chance now we're going to build a
traditional Japanese water feature and
the reason they had them was to scare
off the deer they'd fill up a reservoir
it' come down and hit the rock and the
thud made the Deer Run well haven't seen
any deer around here but it might scare
off the occasional possum out of one
large piece of bamboo the first thing I
need to do is knock out all the nose
internally and the mechanics are pretty
simple you just need to drill a hole top
and bottom and run some pipe through I'm
just using the 30 mil stuff that you'd
use in your garden I put a flow valve on
it so I control how fast it is throw a
spout on the end and that's the first
part
done the catch is pretty simple too it's
just an offcut of that large piece of
bamboo drill a hole straight through so
you can slide a thin piece of bamboo
through it couple of legs with a couple
of holes in it and you've got yourself a
pivot
point and it should look something like
this now the way it works is the ho I've
drilled is behind a node so in here it's
completely watertight as it fills up
it'll tilt down empty out come back up
and hit the rock making that Beautiful
Noise you need to hold deep enough to
fit the reservoir hook up a low voltage
pump for around 20 bucks and make sure
the spout lines up with a
catchup yes
we're nearly finished just the Pebbles
to go and a bit of
[Music]
raking now you need a minimum about 50
mil coverage of the White pebble cuz
once you've got it flat with a
traditional Garden rank you need to make
yourself one of these it's just an off
cut of ply a nice flat Edge for
smoothing out and on the other side some
really large teeth so when you drag it
through the Pebbles it creates lines
which meant to be symbolic of ripples
imagine throwing a pebble into a pond
it'll look like this
well there you go beautiful little zen
garden best thing about it you don't
have to be a skilled Tradesman there's
no hard carpentry tricky brick Ling just
a few simple elements the nice little
water featur is probably as tough as it
gets the little mountain range kids play
and this bench easiest one I've ever
built so you relax building it and
you're relaxed living in it don't know
about you Dan but I feel quite centered
what's that you're hungry yeah someone