hi everyone so I am literally up in your
face today like we're really really
close probably going to be a really
really long chatty video today so if you
make it to the end of this
video wow what we would do today is I
wanted to really go through all of this
stuff in here it's a bunch of like
random chew toys and I thought I since
I'm going to try like kind of go through
them and clean it up a little bit I
thought you know what I might as well
let you guys know like which ones are my
favorite and which ones the hamsters
really really enjoy and then maybe we'll
talk about some that they don't really
care too much for we are doing all of
that um I thought you know I really
wanted to take the time to talk to you
guys um about a few things basically the
reality of owning hamsters and having
this hobby of taking care of small
animals and basically without owning any
kind of small animal and the reality of
it I thought we would just kind of talk
about my little journey here on YouTube
today is going to be like a little
oneon-one with you guys so I just
noticed my nails look disgusting and I
do not want you guys to see my nails
this nasty up close in your face so I'm
just going to go do them real quick here
we go so much better it ain't perfect
but at least they are filled in so while
we're waiting for these just to try just
for a few minutes before we start um
digging in here um I really wanted to
talk to you guys first and I wanted to
thank each and every one of you for
helping us reach um 30,000 subscribers
telling so many of you um I remember
when I first started this Channel and
when I just like had hit 50 subscribers
um it meant the world to me like I could
not believe that let alone one um but 50
people were like watching my videos and
it just made me so excited because um I
felt for a long time I was kind of
talking to myself really blows my mind
that 30,000 of you guys are watching my
videos and enjoying them this
Channel and my Journey on YouTube is
everything to me I'm not just saying
that I really really mean it this
Channel and all of you guys is really
all I have this right here is what I
want to do and I just wanted to thank
everyone whether you have been here
since the beginning I had so much going
in my life and I had this huge break
many of you stood by me and stayed loyal
and that really really means a lot to me
everyone that has just recently joined
and um I'm getting to know all of you
guys you know whether that be through
the comments or you know through my
social media I hope that you guys will
stick around and um it just feels like
one big family that just makes me very
very happy even if I stay at the 30,000
Mark like I am perfectly fine and
content with that like I just love you
guys so much I think they're a little
bit dry now so let's start going into
this this will probably be a moment that
I will never forget in my entire life
because it's it just it just amazes me
that um anyone even watches our videos
so I need to get another I need to get
another bin if I want to separate these
there we go so these right here these
vac craft mini Pops I actually love
these so much this is probably one of my
favorites um favorite shoes for the
hamsters thing is it's completely
obviously made out of corn there's going
to be like you know some natural sugar
in there um so it's not something that I
personally like to leave in the cage um
these are mini pops so you can they are
micro he in the microwave and it will
turn into like little popcorn I just
choose to not do that because I feel
like it's really really hard and it
really helps them grind down their teeth
because their teeth are like you know
constantly growing basically why I don't
like turn these into little popcorns I
have done it in the past and it is
really really nice for like a treat
personally I like to keep them as is and
as a and it works just really really
well it's a chew toy that's just one of
them also with my whole journey tube um
you know you guys kind of get to only
see you know what's behind the camera
and you know um me focusing on the
hamsters and any pets that I have and I
do try to include you guys in on my life
as well like through Vlogs is also you
know like a side of me that you guys
don't get to see on camera I go out too
and I have fun like I'll take you know
my sister with and we'll go out to eat
and we'll do things you know like any
regular person would do and you know you
go out and try to make friends and meet
people by the way I have not tried these
out yet and I I have never tried these
These are the alala rolls and I believe
Lori gave me these and I have yet to try
them out so when we do a cage clean with
Moji cuz that's going to be next um I
definitely want to give her one of these
and we're going to try it out so I'm
really excited to see what these are
going to look like so we got two of
these that I have yet to open as well
and I think I'm going to actually open
these and just put them in the bin
because I find like I don't grab for the
things that are just laying in the bag
so we're just going to kind of clean
this up today like I was saying you know
when you start to get to know people or
try to make friends you know like
strangers you know and you're just you
know in the process of you know talking
about you know who you are as a person
and you know what you do what your
hobbies are and things like that I find
it really upsetting when you when I do
bring up I have hamsters I feel like
there's such a big difference from your
support and all of you guys surrounded
to me like I can be myself and I feel
like I don't get judged from you guys
whatsoever I mean obviously ly there's
going to be the hate and hate comments
and people that don't like you and stuff
but but there is way more of you guys
giving me or showing us a love and just
understand because you guys have pets of
your own and you just we just understand
each other you know what I mean really
difficult to like meet people outside of
you know this community and um when you
as soon as I say you know like I have
hamsters and I'm I'm 30 years old and I
I love animals people just think I'm
crazy and especially me making YouTube
videos about it they think it's silly
for me I'm just like you know whatever
then obviously you know we're not going
to be friends like it's just a waste of
time basically you know sometimes it's
just like a really difficult road
because I keep having like the outside
world telling me you know hamsters are
for children and what are you doing with
a hamster at 30 years old I've gotten so
used to it now that I just don't care
anymore kind of like over that
whole nonsense talk kind of wanted to
share that with you guys because I know
for a fact um not every one of you but I
know there are a handful of you that are
probably in the similar situation and I
don't want anyone to think that um
it's silly to have a pet that you
absolutely love and adore we got to use
these Emoji chews as well these are just
like little wooden chews sometimes it is
a little harder to get the hamsters to
like you know um chew on wooden ones
Depends for me if they're going to be
like a hit or not um so we will see what
will happen when we try these with
Mochi and um a patch but they are like
just completely wood you know there's no
with it or anything so hopefully they're
going to be able to or hopefully they're
going to chew on this I really want to
talk about these chew toys really really
quick I had given one to Mochi these are
the all living things crunchable apple
shaped shoose on the back it doesn't
tell me like what is in it or anything
it just says it's made from all natural
materials I don't think that's the case
um I really wanted to bring this away A
Ware awareness to you guys of these you
can get them at PetSmart now what I have
been noticing and I took the chew out of
her cage immediately when I started to
notice this her little poops started to
get a coloration to them poops actually
turned the color of this right here at
first I didn't know what was going on
when I saw that and it scared me so much
that I thought something was wrong and I
thought I was going to have to pick up
the phone and call the vet until I saw
the chew now she went straight for this
like it was something she chewed almost
all up colored her poops so I don't
think that that is good when your poop
turns a different color and I'm really
sorry if you're disgusted by me saying
you know that word um but I just kind of
wanted to bring you guys aware of these
and if this one is going to be doing it
I'm highly positive that these are going
to do the same thing I'm not 100% sure I
don't think that I'm actually going to
be using these ones anymore just because
I don't think that that looks right I
don't know um let me know if you guys
have tried this with your hamster and
you notice the the the
discoloration of you know the poops
since I had taken it out of her cage
everything seems back to normal
thankfully yeah I would definitely keep
an eye out for that and I don't think
that I'm going to be using these again
know so many of you um really have your
heart set on you know starting a YouTube
channel and um you know a pet related
YouTube channel kind of just wanted to
talk to you guys about that as well and
especially when you're starting out on
YouTube and you know you're starting
from scratch with zero subscribers
please don't get
discouraged and you know if this is what
you want to do and this is like your
dream really want to do this as for fun
and this is your hobby and you it makes
you happy making videos like don't
please don't get discouraged and once
people start to see your videos and see
who you are as a person that's why I
always say um you know be yourself like
when I first started out I kind of like
tried to be this perfect or trying to be
like you know perfect and um you know
I'll stand there and just like talk like
I'm reading out of a book or something
so nervous that I actually at some point
started to write like scripts and stuff
because I was so scared of making a
mistake on camera and I wasn't like I
didn't really know too much about
editing things out back then and it was
just like a constant flow it was just
really difficult for me to try and be
myself presentable at the same time and
I really didn't understand it always
confused me until I just like woke up
and I was like just be yourself I love
Kebab chews I have a couple hanging up
in their cages as well but kebabs I find
are such a great boredom breaker um just
because you know they're hanging from
the cage and like Mochi and Patch really
love to and all my previous hamsters
they love to like either hang on it and
try and get you know this piece of wood
and chew on it or kebabs are are great
great Chee toys and a great borom
breaker as well so if your H if you
think your hamster is getting bored I
definitely recommend getting a kebab too
also please don't get discouraged if you
receive you know hate comments from
other people completely understand like
I remember when I first started out and
you know there were some hate comments
coming through it kind of like hurts
like like in the beginning it hurt like
it hurt my feelings point is there are
going to be people out there that just
don't like you baffles me is why are you
watching my videos if you don't like
what I do and that's for every YouTuber
it's just it is what it is and it comes
with the package but please don't ever
let the haters get you down or make you
feel that way because it is so not worth
it you guys Mochi really loves these big
um wooden shoes um she really goes for
them like I know there are hamsters that
don't really go for wood shoes at all
but Mochi has just been loving these
ever let someone bring you down to the
point where you feel like you need to
quit what you love doing even through my
experience there were times where I just
felt like oh my gosh person said this
this person said that I don't feel like
making a video now and I have felt like
that before I overcame it and I kept
doing what I love because this is
something that I want to do if they
don't like it they shouldn't be watching
to begin with I really hope that that
was some kind of inspiration and to help
those of you out there that are worried
about things like that when you want to
start a YouTube channel or you have
already and you're worried about that
please just keep going and making videos
and What Makes You Happy real quick
because I don't have these um chew toys
in this bin I have them in this
container I'm sure many of you guys know
what I'm talking about they are The
Whimsy chews um from time to time I
still do get um a few people that are
new to owning hamsters and stuff and
they're really wondering about these
little Whimsy chews are um dog treats
but they are perfectly safe for hamsters
and this is probably my number one chew
toy for any hamster they come in like
different sizes um I think you can
either get these little alligators you
can get little toothbrushes and or
hedgehogs I believe I just love giving
them to my hamsters this is a chew where
I know 100% that they are going to chew
on and I'm not really ever worried about
their teeth over growing or something if
I got one of these in the cage so this
is definitely my top favorite um a chew
toy and treat for the hamsters I'm just
kind of like going through some of these
make like a video at some point showing
you like all of my chew toys or
something um and we'll like talk about
each of them but I already know that
this video is probably super super long
also um real quick carrot Crunchies I
get these from Walmart these are amazing
chew oh my gosh do really love these
chew toys I don't give it to them as
often but once I put one of these in the
thing is gone in like a night one night
it's gone I'm just finishing up here um
I think I organized most of it also this
toy right here Mochi absolutely hated
she didn't do nothing with it is up with
this little thing here that I got from
PetSmart a while back but um it's key
for decoration but I think that's about
it this is basically it um I got
everything oh my gosh it all came out
everything nice Nic l in here and it
just looks cleaner I think I'm going to
go ahead and end the video for today
make it to the end of it did you like
let me know if you made it to the end
because it was such a chatty video today
but I really felt like I wanted to you
know sit down with you guys oneon-one
and just let you know you know how much
I appreciate everyone's support and love
and that I basically wouldn't be able to
do any of this if it wasn't for you guys
so thank you you so much for being a
part of our little journey here on
YouTube help that's sharing some of my
experiences um throughout this little
journey will inspire some of you to
continue to do what you love doing
whether that be YouTube or anything in
life love you guys so much and I will
see you in the next video I know that we
I know that I need to um get Mochi a
full cage clean so that's what we're
going to be doing next talk to you guys
down below and I'll see you in the next
video bye
[Music]