welcome to flash pass Six Flag
state-of-the-art ride reservation system
we'd like to take a moment of your time
to explain how the system works the
system allows you to make a reservation
for up to six people on your favorite
attractions by using a single pager type
device eliminating your need to
physically stand in line now you don't
have to stand in line to ride your
favorite rides first you'll need to
decide what level you want to use
regular or gold both levels make ride
reservations for you from anywhere in
the park regular level is equal to the
wait time of the actual ride line length
your reservation will be made equal to
that time but you will not have to wait
in line gold level eliminates a
significant portion of the weight time
of the actual ride line length your
reservation will be shorter than the
actual weight time of the ride and you
will not have to wait in line you're
ready to enjoy your day to make your
first reservation scroll through the
list of rides available next to the
reservation time using the up and down
arrows to select press the circle button
under the word reserve and you'll
receive a confirmation of your
reservation your reservation will be
honored at the actual time or anytime
after your reservation you cannot be
early to your reservation now you're
free to enjoy other rides see great
shows play games or eat at one of the
great
restaurants when your res reservation
time has arrived the device will beep
and vibrate to let you know that it's
your time to ride you should proceed to
the ride and enter through the special
entrance marked with signs when you
enter the ride please allow the ride
attendant to confirm your reservation
and allow access to the ride remember
that you can only enter at your
reservation time or later to reserve
your next ride you just scroll through
the list of rides and choose another
ride if you wish to cancel your
reservation you should press the button
on on the right side below the word
cancel you'll be asked to confirm the
cancellation if you have any questions
or issues that arise throughout your day
please stop by the registration Center
and ask any attendant for help from time
to time you may receive special messages
or discounts on your device at the end
of your day don't forget to return the
device to the registration
office enjoy your day here at Six Flags
oh