looking to get rid of tree stumps in
your yard there are different ways to
get it done like digging them out by
hand or burning them if it's permissible
in your area but a simpler and more
effective method is to use a stump
grinder which is a fairly quick and
inexpensive procedure you can get a
stump grinder at your local Home Depot
tool rental Center in addition to
trailers to transport the equipment
needed for the job other tools and
materials needed for this project will
be covered a little later it typically
takes a couple hours to remove a small
tree stump
more time will be needed if you have
large stumps to tackle recruit someone
to assist you if they're not comfortable
working alone also be sure to protect
yourself when working wear a long sleeve
shirt pants work boots and safety gear
follow all other safety precautions
provided by your manufacturer to remove
your tree stump trim the stump closer to
the ground with a chainsaw
this will help speed up the process
which is especially convenient for large
stumps also dig up rocks around the base
of the tree stump rocks can dull or
damage the teeth on the grinders cutting
wheel replace any dull or missing parts
as needed drive the grinder close to the
stump and start the engine following
your manufacturer's guidelines to
properly operate the machine always
stand at the control panel near the rear
also avoid using it in the presence of
children and pets flammable liquids gas
dust and at night when your visibility
can be impaired raise the grinder wheel
a few inches above the stumps front edge
with the brake lever the engine throttle
should be in the slow position
start the spinning cutting wheel lower
the wheel a couple inches into the stump
and gently nim it away with side by side
movements next raise the wheel and
advance the machine a few inches repeat
the process until you have dug a few
inches into the ground and removed the
stump for natural areas like the one
we're in you'll likely dig about four
inches into the ground dig a couple
inches more if your stump is in a grassy
area be sure to dig up any roots
sprouting from the stump you may need to
accelerate the engine throttle to fully
accomplish this
when shutting off the machine you'll
likely be instructed to lower the engine
speed turn off the emergency switch next
set the park brake shut off the engine
and safely transport it away from the
work area the last step is to cover and
treat the area simply spread and rake
the cut wood chips over the hole in your
natural space do the same with a little
mulch for grassy areas spread and fill
the hole with the cut wood chips then
add top soils to help reduce soil
compaction tap down and lightly rake the
soil when the hole is completely filled
then spread and rake an even layer of
grass seed into the soil finally water
the area monitor and maintain the area
just as you would treat the rest of your
lawn here's a list of materials you'll
need to grind your tree stump
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
for more detailed information about this
and many other popular projects check
out the DIY projects and ideas section
of homedepot.com or talk to one of our
store associates good luck and thanks
for shopping at the Home Depot
[Music]