hi guys so welcome to another episode
with cooking with the gals today we are
making Oreo balls and so we're just
gonna get started and this was requested
by so first you will need a cookie sheet
and please ignore this ugly ones that is
misshapen a mixing spoon a mixing bowl a
pan wax paper toothpicks in the ziplock
bag for ingredients you'll need
chocolate almond bark vanilla almond
bark and cream cheese and of course
Oreos first you're going to want to pour
in your Oreos into a ziploc bag now mash
them up we're using the pan and now
they're mashed now pour the crushed
Oreos and cream cheese into the mixing
bowl and now stir it all up it takes a
lot of mixing a supply go much better
with a blender thing I'd Linder mixer
something that mixes things together
because it's like really thick and hard
to make but we will get it eventually so
I've been mixing it for prob about five
minutes and it's covered to mix but it's
kind of specific like this since about
ready you just want to make sure that
Oreos get stuck to all the cream cheese
that you possibly can get it to so then
you just apply some wet paper to a
sheep that you will be using and then
with your hand you want to make the ball
about walnut size and just place them on
here and then let them chill for an hour
they're all in balls just put them in
the fridge to chill for an hour now use
three-fourths of the almond bark in the
vanilla flavor and melt it once it's
melted stick a toothpick into the Oreo
ball and dip it into the white chocolate
once you're done covering the Oreo balls
let them chill for 15 minutes in the
fridge hope you guys enjoyed
Oh