heavy boyfriend I'm going to cook dinner
for him tonight I'm cooking some creamy
out Fredo with shrimp this the noodles
that I will be using and I just got the
regular creamy alfredo sauce and some
shrimps and I say that yup because I'm a
vegetarian
I have onion here that I've cut up I'm
going to cut up some mushrooms and I'm
going to cut up some fresh garlic and in
my pan here I have some olive oil and
some butter which I'm letting heat up
which looks like it's just about done
and I will saute my onions and I'll be
right back
alright so while my onions are sauteing
I have as you can see my hand I have cut
up my mushrooms and what I'm going to do
once these onions become translucent I
will be adding some spices to this so
I'm going to add a little Tabasco sauce
because he likes spicy a little black
pepper a few crushed red peppers and I'm
sorry for the lighting in here and a
little paprika and then I will why my
I'm Winston my
Barnes them out here in the sink
I'll let them drink from the water I
will be adding those and then I'm going
to add my veggies and start cooking my
noodles so yeah be back alright so at
this point I have added into my skillet
I have some red peppers and green
peppers and then of course my mushrooms
with the onions and now what I'm going
to do is actually add my seasonings to
this let them cook just a little bit I'm
going to add the shrimp in here and I'm
waiting for my water to start boiling
and we'll combine all this stuff into
this pot and you can see the finished
product
alright so I have my shrimp added into
the pot I've cut my heat down a little
bit low so now I'm going to let the
shrimp cook until it's a pinkish color
waiting on my noodles to cook and then
we will have the finished product after
I add the noodles I will just add the
creamy alfredo sauce and that's it I'll
plate it
so I alright guys so here is the
finished product I am about to put it in
a bowl and let him devour this goodness
hope you likes it we'll see yes he ate
two bowls so how good was it ate my one
muy bueno
so yes yes this is all gone baby it's
it's gone right right it's gone
yes welcome you have something for
tomorrow
okay okay okay say bye