hey YouTube venture boy prepper here
this is my wife Miriam today we're into
a quick video and show you what we've
been doing with our laundry detergent
and how we've been saving a lot of money
making our own laundry detergent and
this laundry detergent works great we've
been using it for a while now
it's rid of bloodstains dried blood
pee smell I mean it's this is not like a
sacrifice to use this stuff this stuff
really really works great and I have no
complaints using it whatsoever
and one of one great thing about it is
that it used less of it per load so if
you want to stockpile a lot of it and
your supplier or whatever it's going to
take up a lot less space
we were store-bought detergent you use a
whole lot less of this that you can
store more of it than less space another
great benefit of it it cost about a
third of what you would spend for a
comparable store-bought stuff and it
works just as good trusting so I did
some numbers here the tithe powder
detergent per load cost about 18 cents
per load and the stuff that we make and
use cost six point nine cents per load
so it's approximately a third the
difference in that over the course of
the year is roughly sixty to sixty-five
dollars somewhere in there depending on
how many loads we do and that's just the
detergent the fabric softener which
we're also going to show how we make the
dynamic Demi a Brook softener is
approximately six point seven cents per
load the homemade stuff that we make it
works just as great is about two and a
half cents per month so it's also
approximately a third of the price and
that's the savings over the course of
the year of let's see roughly twenty to
twenty-five dollars depending loads
rupees so you know over the course of
the year we're saving roughly eighty
bucks a year
doing this and we have to do it you know
maybe twice a year we could do it all at
one time you know and get it all done in
about an hour the way I look at it is
for about an hour's worth of effort
we're saving about eighty bucks
and to me the stuff works just as good
would you agree and it takes up less
space so you can you can stockpile
easier so anyway I'm going to spend it
behind the camera real quick and let my
wife show y'all how we go about making
this
in box thank you three pounds of washing
powder which you can find in their
laundry aisle at any grocery store four
pounds of baking soda all right I like
to use two R's of the laundry so some
people use one a LESBIAN - okay
and there's sales now no nafta and
there's so thing if you use something
you only need one left one more they're
a lot bigger
okay and four pounds of borax okay two
pounds of OxiClean or something that's
compatible with you know the same thing
is up to clean all right and if you want
it to smell better you can and that's
not required you don't have to put the
the scent in that spirit for for adding
sin okay so that's just an extra thing
and also you want to have some masks
when you're doing this some dust masks
we have some here and because you're
going to be mixing all those powders and
you just you don't really want to be
breathing all that stuff right and
you'll need a container to mix it in yes
yeah and also will store it in the
five-gallon bucket when we get done
right yes and you're gonna need to grate
yourself so make sure you have a bowl
and the cheese grater works fine okay
all right all right so let's get started
done this what's the first thing you do
all right you're gonna grate up those
two bars of soap all sitting because
tomorrow
if you do it on this is more like sleep
alright alright we've gotten the the two
bars of detergent so is that what it's
called laundry soap we've got those
graded up in that bowl there and there
there is another type that you used
before what was it called
okay well well we'll put the the
ingredients to this and in the
description below and all the met the
quantities and measurements and
everything to the recipe we'll put in
the description below so okay
alright so what would you next so how
many how many pounds of that you're
going to three pounds of super washing
soda Armand Hammer okay clean I bought
it six pound bucket so I have to measure
2 pounds separately good but you can
find the pound container $7 favor
so keep ounds of OxiClean all right he
comes in a four pound all right so 4
pounds of 20 Mule Team borax and you can
see the dust from that is kind of
kicking up that's why you want to wear
the mask is you don't want to breathe
that stuff yeah and baking soda I just
want the big box is 4 pounds but you
come by you know separate one pound well
since it says cheaper all right so how
many pounds is that total let's kind of
go in this batch four pounds of baking
soda so you're just mixing that in as
you go that stuff looks like grated
cheese or something yep powder
consistency yeah sounds like the soda is
probably a better bet because it great
down into more of a powder but this
stuff should work fine as well this has
more of a cheesy consistency but
basically you just mix all this stuff up
and get it all thoroughly mixed and
blended together and and that'll be it
you're going to do
and you could actually mix this in in
your in your five gallon bucket that
you're going to store it in if you
really wanted to it's just a little
easier to stir it in this container and
we thought it might show it better for
the video yeah
and how much of those those crystals
things how much rose in a container
bigger one is but a small one it's 28
ounces for 28 ounces or 32
this is actually the first time we've
actually put the crystals in so I'll
annotate it if there's any issues we
have with it but hopefully that that'll
work out good we've been fine with just
the regular unscented for the past
several months yeah a year actually
haven't missed it at all but we thought
we would try this for the video so how
many loads you get out of a batch of
this week
pretty good for Chile anyway let me fix
that
half a year would be 26 weeks so around
260 would be about half a year let me
zoom in or move the camera a little bit
and it'll cook a little bit better view
of what this looking like
and you want to get everything mixed so
good yeah because when you use for load
it's a very small amount so you don't
want to get out just washing soda in
there right you want to spend a little
bit of time really getting this stuff
thoroughly mixed together and I can
still smell it for this mask yeah yeah I
can smell it too and it will take up
dried blood like on the first drop 3 you
don't have to use any other spot falling
nothing sprays or anything you know I'm
Keith Miller one of my son has an accent
in the middle of the night and then in
the morning it's all dried up
we don't have to pretreat it or anything
you just take the snow out yeah it works
really good I mean I haven't missed the
store-bought detergent at all honestly
and I'm I'm kind of picky about those
things sometimes and I have skin
allergies that he has not bother me
yeah the store-bought powder detergent
usually gives you problems with skin
allergies in this yeah this stuff hadn't
bothered you though
no I mean no I wouldn't say you know
it's safe for all kinds of skin
allergies but in my particular fine
so show me how much you use per load
hello I normally use just a little
measuring spoon that comes in the
OxiClean which is about two tablespoons
and the recipe their original recipe
calls for two tablespoons so that's
about how much I just for load a large
load okay and it still takes out a lot
and that's hard to believe that that
little bit does the job but it does I
believe that the store-bought stuff has
a lot of fillers exactly you know
because they you know that they're
trying to make a profit and that's how
they do it sometimes is by putting
pillars in there and things that aren't
even necessary but this stuff really
does do just as good as that and uses a
whole lot less so if you want to store I
mean this right here is a happy year
supply so double this I mean that that's
not even anywhere close to fill up a
five-gallon bucket you fill up a five
gallon bucket with this stuff and
there's your year supply right there and
a year supply of liquid store-bought or
even powdered store-bought would take up
a lot more space than that I suspect
that's it there you go so now we would
just dump that in our five-gallon bucket
and put a lid on it and it would be done
with that
a washing machine you don't want to find
out about that you can actually store it
on your crystal container and you you
know retail they said to go yeah I also
have this an extra bucket before yep
alright well we'll move into the kitchen
and show how we cook up the fabric
softener next y'all stay tuned
and to make the fabric softener all you
need is 6 cups of water 2 cups of
conditioner you need just a standard
conditioner no one that for volume or
color treated hair just a standard I
like to use the swab that's a hair
conditioner and we're going to make
fabric softener out of that Wow
ok and do you get to pick whatever scent
you want so you know I like a waterfall
this bring it and 6 cups of white
vinegar that's alright so what would you
first so you start about doing up your
water already measure 6 cups of water
right here so and you're gonna wait so
that it's really hot you don't it
doesn't have to be boiling you just want
to be really hard because you need to
basically melt or the self the
conditioner in the hot water
alright so you want to get your water
good and hot first alright well we'll
wait on that to get hot and we'll come
back in just a minute
alright we got our water didn't hot
what's the next step see if I can move
in a little bit closer and get this
better
this is just some cheap conditioner you
guys wall well I need the 15 hours
containers not even you know I'm also
from being two cups yeah startled to the
soul
I love the conditioner in the water and
if you're wise you know hard enough that
shouldn't take too long at all it was
already dissolved and the next step is
used for this six cups of white vinegar
so basically six cups of white vinegar
how much water next cups of hot water
and two cups
hair conditioner and that's it heat it
up and stir it up and that is it that's
it and also you need about two to three
tablespoons per load so two to three
tablespoons per load with this yeah and
this works great just like regular
fabric softener yes I need also the
vinegar it's a laundry list dirty helps
take you know the hardness out of your
water is a pH and your water so it's
also helped vinegar is a great thing if
you don't know all the great uses of a
vinegar there's tons of great things you
can do around the house with vinegar
it's a great thing to prep and stock up
on it's just better yet it's cheap and
there's just a million and one things
you can do with it that are just
fantastic so that was really simple
that's it and this will last you about
how long this one only left me about
three months I'm sure sometimes I got a
little happy and I add more than I need
to
oh especially with your towel fluffy
right
this left me about three months but it
literally takes you know less than five
minutes to mix it out so it's not a
problem and most of the time I my
daughter's fight over footage to mix it
so I don't even have to do it myself
that's it all right
and cool and then you know forwarding to
a bottle like I said basically this
saves us approximately 80 dollars a year
doing this and and we don't miss the the
store-bought stuff at all this stuff
works just as good if not better and
it's not difficult to do at all I mean
and it's easier to prep because it takes
up a lot less space so it's it's got a
lot of great benefits so anyway I hope
this was a informative and educational
for y'all and I hope you all will give
this a try and there's there's actually
some some other recipes for doing like
liquid detergent that I've seen on
YouTube as well if you want to search
those out if you prefer a liquid over
powder we prefer the powder obviously so
pressing and you want to store it for
pepper pressing go ahead and mix it and
put it in a plastic container if you
leave it in the boxes Moisture will get
in there and then it will be a block and
it'll be really hard to go ahead right
you're talking about like the raw
ingredients that we mix together yeah
those cardboard boxes that they come
packaged in can can easily get
contaminated or compromised with
moisture and once that happens you don't
want your powder detergent getting any
moisture in it whatsoever so you want to
you want to make sure you store it well
in a in a good container we use this
five gallon buckets with the the lids
with the rubber seals on them so don't
even an ice cream bucket gives it good
yeah yeah that was that we've done that
too so anyway i appreciate ya'll
watching and y'all let us know what you
think we'll talk to you later
you