[Music]
hi everybody
I'm making Yorkshire puddings today and
this is for Fiona on Twitter who's asked
me for the perfect Yorkshire pudding I
feel well qualified to teach you because
being New York she lost myself I was
brought up on them and my grandmother
used to make the most beautiful
Yorkshire puddings this should be light
and airy and crispy not heavy and doughy
ever and you need a nice non lumpy
smooth butter I'm going to show you how
to mix a batter without any lumps and I
want to show you how to make the finest
Yorkshire puddings we always used to be
given them as a starter just with gravy
and they were absolutely delicious but
the main reason for doing that was then
you couldn't eat as much meat for your
main course which was very expensive so
anyway let me show you how to do them so
here's my bowl of plain flour I've made
a well in the center and into that I put
my salt ground white pepper and my eggs
and I stare the eggs just with a fork
bringing the flour in slowly don't drag
the flour into the center straight at
the bit right at the beginning and just
keep mixing and what you'll end up with
just like the flour come to the party
slowly and then you'll end up with a
really thick almost impossible to stir
but smooth mix and at that point you can
start to add your milk and then finally
your water you'll end up with a lovely
thin smooth butter I transfer it then
into a jug and I'll put it in the fridge
sometimes for a whole day now my
Yorkshire pudding tin is a tin I use for
nothing else and I use a thumb-sized
piece of beef dripping to put in each
little cup and then they go in a cold
oven I put my oven on full and leave
them there to preheat and when the of
them stir temperature then you can take
your tins out and fill them with the
butter I filled them about 2/3 full bake
for 25 minutes and there is nothing
finer roast beef and Yorkshire pudding
[Music]