how long you two this is cooking with
Doug I'm back again with my cooks
essentials reversible grill and griddle
and today I'm going to make leg and
thigh chicken quarters now I've had this
marinating overnight and I suggest when
you're making this to do so as well if
you're going to be making it on you know
a grill any type of grill if you want to
know what I'm marinating it with it's
this I put two well there's four legs
and thighs in here the four quarters in
here so I put two packets so I would say
I don't know to Fred well one for every
two well I put two packets in there and
I just follow the instructions in the
back on how to get that going and I put
it into a bag and I vacuum seal it you
can use a ziplock bag doesn't matter but
yeah all right guys I have my either
preheating right here at 410 just
waiting for that light to go off and
when that happens just like right now
that means you're ready to rock and roll
all right let me go ahead and take the
cover off this is what we're looking
like and I did wash the chicken last
night before I marinade them if you
wanted to know alright guys so like I
said I had of it I have it on 410 which
for this particular machine that is sear
mode and that's what I'm trying to
accomplish at this point I want to sear
both sides and then drop down to eat and
just cook it out for another
forty minutes or so all right let's
begin the rock
alright guys three minutes of pass and
it should be seven marks on it come work
yeah
all right I'm going to drop it down to
about 350
socially
now my particular model I know the lid
is kind of snug but I'm still gonna put
the lid on there to try and get as much
keeping as much heat as possible so I'm
just going to put my lid on I know it's
not going to close but this is what it
is so I'm gonna cook it at 350 for the
next 30 40 minutes and see how we're
doing now the good thing about some of
this guys if you guys have like a air
fryer or pressure cooker at this point
you can transfer it once you sear it to
your pressure cooker or air fryer and
just done it off like that but for this
purposes we're going to cook it out for
the you know 30 40 minutes of course
with those air fryers and pressure
cookers it would be much quicker but
just want to give you another option now
what I'm going to do you can base it
with whatever you want you can actually
you know make some more of the marinade
and base it with the same one you use
initially but I'm going to merit I'm
going to base it for some islands 57 set
timer for 40 minutes
I got do about 15 minutes in and I'm
going to base it with my high 57 right
now the light base and brush it on that
we do some coloring help keep it moist
now spraying it with vinegar or like a
vinegar bottle that'll work just spray
it with water I just choose to use to
brush it on 67 I probably do I'll
probably hit this side like maybe one
more time and when I flip it over I'll
hit that side for the first time so I
hit both side it's like swipe and I'm
going to put my color back on you want
to try and keep some type of inside
there you know time all right
I'll put them over
these sums you start to come out of the
chicken this is a good sign out of my 40
minutes I think right 20 minute mark at
this point so at this point I'm hoping
that 20 minutes were at least almost
done is not done and they based aside
for the first time it's much better
I
again
350 degrees
how much time left I have on my time all
right looking pretty good
I'm hoping and as you go we have rough
but it's not that time I'm going to flip
these over one more time are we looking
pretty good put them over bases a little
and I'm going to cover it back up
alright I didn't turn it off yet I'm
going to check the temperature see where
we're at
so
alright hold on alright guys what my
plate looks like sorry there's no
vegetable on there but I didn't get
around to doing that and I am hungry so
let's dig in and see what we're working
with
see
mmm nice and juicy man this is good well
anyway guys I am super super duper
excited I just created a new group on
Facebook and basically it's called
indoor grilling and chilling I'm gonna
put the link in the description we just
started guys and we welcome all indoor
grills whether it be a George Foreman
you know anything if it's an indoor
grill come on in we want to just throw
down and just do some recipes we know
some of our members they live out in
California they may live out in Texas
where it's hot or hot outside too hot
outside to grill so you can bring it
indoors and you know pretty much get the
same thing done we're all about that so
and what's great about this group is you
know a lot of the recipes that you're
going to see can be used with the air
fryer with a pressure cooker you know
with outside grill
whether you're charcoal or gases
interchangeable recipes which makes it
even more awesome look and more of a
reason why you should join so the link
will be in the description anyway I'm
hungry I need to eat this here like if
you liked it remember to subscribe same
thing thanks for you looking at my video
we have