what's up guys and welcome to my little
72 evil angel build now I'm some of you
may remember the evil angel a lot of you
may not wasn't one of my you know most
known builds out there but it still
worked great back then it works even
better now it's it's really crazy um so
basically this build is all about doing
damage on Mayan no none none really team
support is no healing or anything this
isn't like a nurse class or anything or
nurse bill this is just straight-up
damage we got going on here now I
recommend you know basically any
elemental weapon you know Moxie weapons
work great basically anything wooden
element anything with Elma I got ton
elemental weapons in here all work great
all perfect choices and uh if you want
to be Hawk it this works would be
hulking to works great would be Hawking
I know a lot of siren users like the be
Hawk or a force to use the Biak but uh
you know and it o p8 this I'm gonna
imagine this would work well to you know
obviously not super well since its o p8
but still work but if you want to be
hawk with this and opa that'll
definitely work for you as well but uh
yeah what I rocked is um I basically you
know in the gameplay you'll see I had a
kid in the Ruby Norfleet
barely stand or flee and I kept
switching out like elemental weapons
where this conference call is kept the
antagonist the entire time I think I
one-shot a [ __ ] with this and he just
explodes and it was funny towards the
end I mean look up for that I got to
binder on just because you know most
people go with legendary cat but I'm not
really using assembly the entire time
even though the skills the skills do
work well the skills do work well if you
want to you could do this just for the
skill points but I stick with the I went
with the finder just for the UM kills
for the video here uh you know whatever
element you usually want to put like an
element to relic on just to boost your
elemental damage even more you know get
some crazy elemental Tiamat a surprise
that everything he was doing especially
with a skill I'm going to show you
that's pretty important to this build
makes it rock very well chain lightning
because I was mostly using fire so I
could use the K lightning take down the
shields or I could plot a ruby and like
throw the King lightning to heal no just
because you know the Cain Lighting's
like my favorite grenade whatever it
does damage in the heals well with like
I'm Alexi weapon in hand so let's get
down to the build itself let's start
over here in Cataclysm Flickr because
you know you have a greater cancer put
elemental effects so that's a critic
ants to do more damage immolate because
who doesn't like Emily you go down you
do fire damage with any gun you're using
so let's say you pull it a slag ax
you're doing a your like um it you pull
it like a slag ax at like when you're in
fight for your life you're basically
shooting them with slag and fire and
it's a great combo plus you have a fire
open already on it's even better because
you just get bonus fire damage it's
great you got 10 out of 5 out of this
it's it's a hundred percent bonus fire
damage at least I think so
maths correct you know one point equals
10 percent so that makes sense
Helios because when you phase like event
me and it's gonna be happening a lot you
like a fire explosion from your phase
lock so that's great to have and I got
10 out of 5 here next to binder a back
job you're not gonna mail anybody you
don't mail a why people don't do that a
cloud doesn't really do anything
kami action I guess that's cool but
they're not really gonna last when
they're in the phase lock so no real
point Reaper cuz Reapers great you do 80
percent bonus gun damage when uh they
have half their health remaining at
least with a 10025 you do it's a great
skill really great if you have like a
sniper and you hit a headshot your base
is gonna one hit I'm like every time
it's pretty dang great blight Phoenix
this kind of gives a the build its name
because you know you got the wings you
know angel blah blah blah blah you know
angel wings evil angel plus you know
you're just like walking around people
doing some pretty decent fire damage so
that's not bad either that's not bad at
all ruin
101 grade skill when you phase lock them
it will perform all elemental effects on
them which is great it's mainly useful
for you slagging the target because it
will always like a target and would
probably slag or did likely like
everyone that gets converted around it
with the converge skill over here so
it's a great one on a1 skill really it's
a great entry skill mines I not really
for the you don't really want this for
the melee damage just a crit damage and
then uh rec this is this is good this is
the skill I'm talking about you're going
to see during the game ladies this is
crazy when you phase like someone and I
have ten out of five you get 100% bonus
fire rate which is incredible and sixty
percent bonus damage plus when their
phase locked they're already slagged so
you're just gonna melt through them like
I think I like I to shot like super
badasses when I Pullman my phase lock
it's great it's incredible
I had five points left at the animals
and cure to put them this this this
actually works pretty decently basically
when you take damage to your health your
tech your attacker will take damage
equal to the amount of health you lost
so there's 50% chance they hurt you and
they end up hurting themselves so that's
pretty good that's pretty cool
basically you just do damage that having
to actually do anything now do you want
your health to go down no that's why
it's nice type of moxie weapon on you
when it does go down this helps out with
the enemies around you accelerate you
get bonus gun damage and bullet speed
who wouldn't want it it's great up ward
this is really anything to a damage but
you know five points why not
I had five points you could put it
somewhere else if you'd like focusing
mainly on a damage like I said this
build wooden area I'm saying this scale
doesn't focus on damage but a lot of
skills in this curry don't focus on
Damen but it keeps your it gives you
some bonus yield pasty and bonus you
know and like you know it buffs down the
recharge delay there and I'm rocking to
an antagonist which is an offensive
shield so you want to keep that up just
get the bullets keep bouncing the slag
or keep coming out so you know
it's a nice skill suspension I got 10 to
5 here it as a bonus 5 seconds my phase
lock which is nice because you want your
phase like last as long as possible so
it could really make use of the
subsequent skill I'm going to talk about
in a second here's kind of converge
basically phase lock them you pull them
then like all the enemies around get
pulled to your phase lock like a
singularity grenade like a quasar so you
can just nail them all at once with that
crazy bonus firing and damage you got
from rack over here in it I see why they
call wreck because it seriously wrecks
them like no pun intended this is crazy
I love this skill um
quicken increases your cooldown right
you know siren you know her phase lock
already has pretty quick cool down Bay
now if you just making it quicker is
Lawson if you're using that little that
a little Evie a little Evie Glicker
exploit I don't know what the call I
don't know if it's a bug or not then you
can phase lock all the time that's what
I recommend using that I don't use it
but it seems like it'd be a hell of fun
and if you haven't um seen it I'll just
link Barros video below to show you the
little easy glitch it's real easy to do
basically you could your one kill with
any gun will regen your uh basically
read then your action skill completely
just one kill it's pretty nice and
that's it that's it for the build here I
hope you guys enjoy the gameplay I sure
did when I was playing that that was
crazy
and uh yeah that's my evil angel build
hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm gonna
see you guys later
for one last time
looks into my soul
Oh
you
keeps me locked in you always throw
and the king when
down
not to be
Oh
shine and shine
you're
Oh
last time
looks into my soul
you
i'ma keep still
you always throw
in the king when
some smoke
yeah
ah
not
say sorry
Oh
see