hi this is Mhairi um we're gonna be
doing some garlic rolls the garlic knot
rolls today and I'm using my iPad again
which means that I'm kind of looking
over to the side and it's it's much
harder to focus on where I'm supposed to
be looking so if it gets goofy just
forgive me for it and I'm gonna make
garlic rolls and one of the hardest
thing about making garlic knots is that
it can be hard to figure out how to get
all of the pieces of you know the rope
in so it actually looks like a knot and
doesn't look like something weird that
just ended up on your counter so what
we're get you're gonna need is the dough
and the recipe for it it's gonna be on
the blog bristles chill Restless
Chipotle calm and and the instructions
and everything and images are going to
be there and I'll put that web address
down after below the video so we've got
the dough turnaround here we've got the
dough see that okay here it and the
first thing I do is take off your rings
if you don't have a really cool marble
pastry board like I do then you may need
to use some flour and dust your
countertop
I usually don't need to do that because
um mark when we he redid the kitchen put
it in this really cool marble pastry
board what you're gonna do and this is
so easy is just it's just like play-doh
okay so you're gonna roll it out in a
long thing like this I've got a long
string and take it around so you've got
a loop take this through the loop so now
you've got this knot but if you leave
these two things sticking out like a lot
of people do it's gonna look really kind
of funky when it's all done so what I
like to do is I like to tuck the things
underneath so that the knot is more is a
little bit neater and
that over on my Silpat cupboard sheet do
another one
really easy let out you want these to be
all about the same size so that they
bake evenly here's my other thing twist
it around tie a knot tuck them under in
through the things that one more time
roll it out and you know if they're not
perfect not who cares because the rules
are going to be so good that nobody's
gonna care anyway they're just going to
be happy that you made them okay put
that through knot and tuck underneath so
you're gonna have these knots that are
hopefully all about the same size mine
aren't don't do what I do do what I say
right sorry for the arms keep getting in
the way another thing you can do is you
can just like if you want to roll it out
roll them out just leave them in like
breadsticks or you can some people when
they not um put the knot in at the top
like that and then leave that hanging
out but I really don't like how that
looks so again I always just sort of
tuck the ends in so that they don't look
silly and once these are all made
they're gonna rise for about thirty
minutes or so or what kind of things
that I do is if you have more time you
know like I'm doing this at noon and
we're not going to eat these until
dinnertime so what I'm probably gonna do
is I'm gonna take these want to get them
all shaped and I have a lot of them to
do I'm going to put them I'm going to
cover them and put them in the
refrigerator and let them rise a
refrigerator they'll still rise by
dinnertime but it'll be a little slower
and then I can just throw them in the
oven and um and have them fresh and hot
at dinnertime so that's about it you
just roll them they don't have to be
perfect
they'll turn out just fine
it the dough should be just a little it
should feel a little bit like play-doh
or a little bit like sticky play-doh
maybe play-doh after you put some water
in it to soften it up if your kids left
the top off of it and here's the last
one I'm gonna do on video because I just
want to get them done so they can eat
them as they're gonna be so good I'm not
gonna get to eat them because they're
not carb but who cares right so I've got
all of this donut to make and one of the
things you can do is if you don't have
500 people eating at your house you can
put the dough in a sealed bag and put it
in the freezer and you'll be just fine
you can thaw it out and then do it then
so that's about it I hope the video
comes out okay I hope you understand how
to do it if you have any questions
contact me there leave a comment on the
blog or contact me on facebook at the
restless Chipotle Facebook page and I'll
be glad to answer it for you have a
great day and I hope you enjoyed garlic
rolls