welcome to another episode of fixing
that up today we're going to be showing
how to make great fried okra start with
here we got some garden okra we've
brought it in here and we washed it all
off and we're got a plate over here and
then the plate all it's for is just a
measurement to know how many portions
you want to make so you don't overdo it
we're going to start with we're going to
cut off this tip here and get down to
the meat of it we're going to cut off
the end here all right we got all the
the backs in fronts cut off of these now
get down to the biggest pieces here I'm
going to cut all these I know a lot of
people say half-inch but I'm munching
all these about an inch
this right here is what I was talking
about how the plate will come in handy
you have a pretty good idea of the
portion size over here we got about a
two and a half cups of buttermilk
straight-up buttermilk we're going to be
putting all these into it but first I'm
going to go ahead and add two eggs to
the buttermilk whisked all that in
we are going to add one tablespoon of
black pepper to the buttermilk and we're
going to add a pinch of sea salt to it 1
tablespoon with the black pepper and a
pinch of the sea salt now we're going to
go ahead and simply whisk that all
around in there just to get the eggs
broke now you can go ahead and throw in
all of your okra
like to let this oak tree sit for at
least 30 minutes all smothered down
inside there we're going to store it in
the refrigerator with a lid over it okay
for the dry ingredients here we're going
to be battering them with here we're
going to be using one cup of cornmeal
I'm going to be using one cup of flour
we have a tablespoon of fresh cracked
pepper here black pepper and we have a
pinch of the sea salt we're just going
to dump all that in there and mix it up
really well and we'll go ahead and pull
out the oaktree and start mixing it in
there and getting it going
shake off the excess off of them come on
in the dry mix mix them around very
important with these now when you get
them the batter on here don't just leave
them sitting there for a while because
if you do they will get all watery and
slimy again and they will stick to your
fire and each other so do you a few and
you don't want to do very many of the at
one time anyway in the fryer so just do
a few here and as them are cooking you
can be battering up your next batch when
they're almost ready now I got that
heating at 375 degrees I'm letting it
pre warm up to that so that will be good
just do a couple more here
I like to have the wet bowled am i right
the bowl here with the dry ingredients
in the middle and have this one close to
the fire now that's enough and it's
ready to go on in so let's get them
going in drop them down in there and
they'll only cook for I think around 3
to 6 minutes you'll know when they're
done they're going to be golden brown
while that batch is cooking we're going
to go ahead and we're breading up this
next match to go in now the secret to
this is you will see here in a minute it
is not the patterning is not the double
dipping is not the seasoning really the
oak trees and stars not the seasoning
the secret to this is once they all get
a done with a prime is to lay them on a
plate or a rack or whatever you got that
has paper towels over and have them um
not touching each other and certainly
not laying all over each other what
that's going to do is make them all boil
e be very uh very soggy if you keep them
separated though the best you can
they're going to be they're going to
stay up crisp and crunchy the entire
time even after they've gotten cold
they'll still be crunchy that is the big
key just like french fries
some of them let that drip for just a
second I will transfer them over here to
our Bowl I have a little grease trap
bowl here I use this also for fries and
I'll move them around in there for a
second I immediately bring them over
here and get them to a plate that's just
to get some excess grease off initially
make sure they're not laying all over
each other spread them all out that is
good enough then we can get our next
batch on and like I said before you do
not want least set there and get all
soggy and slimy
after you had the batter on them before
if they do you can read batter on prep
scene just to get them drier again so
they don't stick together and
stick to the right ask it also drop them
another big key thing is having the
grease in there hot enough before you
put them in then I cook them on 375 I've
seen a lot of people cook them on 350
but a 375 things that work perfectly for
me so I will continue that all right we
got our next batch ready to go in soon
as them come out okay we'll be on the
last batch spread these new ones out
here's then laying all over the other
ones and we're going to as far as
plating goes we're going to do pretty
much what we always do we're going to
transfer all these over into a big plate
we're going to put a bowie knife on
there set it in the middle of the room
and we'll fight this isn't me it's
deployed well there she is uh that is
some extremely good taste and I know
I've already tried one homemade okra
you
okay for the dry ingredients here we're
going to be using one cup of cornmeal
we're going to be using one cup of the
flour we're going to be using
you