hello there it's the Sunday 15th of
March 2015 and in this video I intend to
show how to take a cutting from a gbury
bush now we have a gbury bush here um
and what you need for this is a pair of
seers ideally very very sharp and you
will need a pot of potting compost um
you could use a pot of normal garden
soil as well but like to use potting
compost because it's quite light and
also should be relatively weed free now
okay so what you need is you need a
piece of last year's growth so if you
look at the bush here you can see where
last year's growth started so it's
approximately
here and all of this was last year's
growth so make sure you take good care
doing this uh make sure you don't uh
get yourself on these little spines here
so what you want is you want a piece
approximately 10 cm long which should be
approximately about 8 n or 10 buds so
what you want to do is you want to cut
it just
below a
bud here okay so we cut it like that
nice clean cuts if possible now what you
need to do is p
a good four or five buds into the
potting
compost in the pot like
this so we push that like that and then
we we cover it so this is basically it
to be honest it's a very simple thing to
do um the reason I like to do mining
pots is because you can then transplant
them to where you want at a later date
but you can actually do this putting
them directly into the garden soil but
then of course transplanting becomes
more difficult you may decide you want
to move it whereas like this it gives
you some time to think where you want to
put it now with this you have to keep
this moist not soaking wet but moist
particularly in the the hot summer
because what will happen is the buds
underneath the compost will then start
to root they will form your roots for
your eventual gbury Bush now you can
take these cuttings um any time that the
the bush is dormant so that will be late
Autumn um early
spring so here we
go now what we've got here is an
example of one that I took last year so
this is what it looks like a year later
so I took this approximately a year ago
so that would have been last March and
you can see here this was The
Cutting for my finger below so you can
see that it's put on a shoot
here and also a shoot here so should
everything go well this is what you can
come to
expect okay thank you for joining me and
I'll speak to you next time thank you
very much