hey I'm mechanical engineer and this is
my egg
incubator so if you guys have seen some
of my more recent videos you know that I
have some lepro eggs that need
incubating which of course in order to
incubate eggs you need an incubator
which brings us to today's video on how
to build one and although I'll be
building my incubator specifically for
leopard gecko eggs the incubator itself
will of course be able to handle any
type of egg so without any further Ado
let's jump right into it so to begin the
first thing they going to need to get is
a small foam cooler like this one five
bucks at Walmart in order for this to be
the most efficient it can be you'll want
to find the smallest cooler that you can
find that is still large enough to fit
all of your eggs it doesn't necessarily
have to be foam you could get a plastic
cooler but since foam is the cheapest
that's what I went with once you have
your cooler we can begin to make a few
modifications to it my cooler came with
this locking mechanism to help hold the
lid in place and I think that'll
actually be quite useful but as for this
red handle I don't have any use for it
so I'll go ahead and remove
it next although it is not entirely
necessary I like to be able to look into
the incubator and regularly check on the
eggs so I'm going to install a lexan
window into the top of the
container so in order to do this we'll
Begin by placing the lexand in the
center of the lid right where you want
the window to be we'll then Trace out
the outline and cut it out using either
a knife or if you have it an electric
foam cutting hot
wire with the hole cutout we can now
begin to frame the actual window to do
this I'll be using foam board and my hot
glue gun and make sure you use glue with
a relatively high melting point we don't
want the glue melting just from the heat
of the incubator but with that being
said since our incubator is only going
to get up to about 90Â° it really
shouldn't be that big of a deal so to
continue we'll flip the lid over and hot
glue 1in wide foam board pieces to the
inside of the frame we'll want to glue
them so that at least half an inch
sticks out over the edge
we'll Now flip it back
over and glue on a/2 in wide foam
perimeter to the pieces that stick
out and now that's built up to about
half the thickness of the foam we can
drop in our
lexan and glue it in
place with the window now glued in place
we'll do exactly what we did for the
bottom of the lid only now in Reverse so
that means glue 1/2 in foam pieces to
all the sides until they're flush with
the top of the
lid and then glue on some wider phone
pieces to connect the window to the rest
of the lid and cover up some of the
ugliness and with that the lid is now
complete and we can move on to the
inside of the incubator for the inside
you're going to of course need a heat
source so I went down to the pet store
and picked up a heating pad and as you
can see it fits the side of the cooler
almost perfectly when picking out your
heater it's better to get one that's a
little bit too large than too small so
I'm going to attach this to the side of
the cooler and then cut a small slit on
the side of the cooler for the cord to
go through just like that now we're
going to want to control the temperature
of the heating pad to make sure it
doesn't get too hot or too cold that's
why I bought this temperature controller
Link in the description below the
temperature controller is great because
it's super simple and easy to use on
second maybe it's not that easy and the
probe has more than enough wire to play
jump rope with so you can mount it
anywhere you want to go so since it has
these small feet that stick out I'm
going to hot glue this foam base plate
to it and then hot glue that to the side
of the cooler just wherever I think it
will work the
best next we'll plug in the probe put it
through the same hole as the power cord
and then use electrical tape to mount it
towards the center of the cooler just
like that now we'll plug in our heater
to our temperature
controller and straighten up the extra
cords on the
side now once we put on the lid and plug
in the temperature
controller your incubator will be
complete and ready for
eggs I'm very happy with how the
incubator turned out and it works
extremely well now that being said
although the temperature controller
works perfectly and it can do a lot of
different things it is difficult to
learn how to program it so if you're
looking for something super easy to use
this controller might not be for you but
it does work very well once you get it
set and there you have it my egg
incubator but hey thank you so much for
you guys watching I hope you did enjoy
this video and if you did please feel
free to hit the Thumbs Up And subscribe
and L join I'll see you next Friday
thanks for watching and please feel free
to subscribe