in this video I'm going to show you how
I use patina gel to give an antique
patina to my sterling silver chains the
first thing you want to do is to wear
some gloves now the gloves that I'm
wearing are just a basic latex glove
that you can buy from Walmart or or your
local shop want to make sure my gloves
are on and then this is the patina gel
that I'm using
it's from cool tools and I'm placing a
few drops into a glass bowl or Pyrex
bowl of warm water now you don't want
the water to be boiling because that
will release some gases with the patina
gel that aren't very healthy for you so
you want to make sure that it's warm or
hot water but just not boiling water and
then I'm going to take my sterling
silver chains and put them right into
the solution I'm going to swish it
around a bit to evenly distribute the
patina gel next I'm going to use baking
soda and I have in a separate Bowl just
some cool water and I want to put some
baking soda into the next little bowl
and I'm going to use that here in a bit
when we're done putting our chains
now you can check them every so often
every minute or two and see how dark you
want them after just about 30 seconds
they're going to look a little Brown
just a little bit aged and anytime you
get the color that you want immediately
put them into your baking soda and water
solution so that will stop the patina
process now you can see the chains are a
bit darker they've actually got a little
bit of a blue hue to them a blue or a
dark red and I'm not quite wanting that
color I don't want blues and greens and
reds so I'm going to put it back in the
solution and let it darken even more
swish it around a little bit
now you can always add more patina gel
if you're finding that the darkening has
kind of stalled you can add more patina
gel or you can add even some more warm
water
you
now the chains are are getting darker
they're more what I want so I'm going to
put them into my bowl again with cool
water in baking soda and this is going
to stop the patina process and
neutralize the patina gel
at this point you can take your gloves
off if you want to and I'm going to add
a little bit more baking soda it does
kind of dissolve when you put your
chains in there so if you want to add a
little bit more baking soda you can do
that after we're completely done with
the patina gel we can add a little
baking soda to the warm water and patina
gel just to neutralize it and then you
can dilute it with water and pour it
down the drain and here are our chains
they're all oxidized ready to go and
they look beautiful I love this look now
all I need to do is rinse them off in
some clean water and Pat them dry and
they're ready to go thanks so much I
hope you're having a beautiful day and
I'll catch you in the next video
for more great videos and resources go
to make silver jewelry calm and I will
see you there