hi welcome to tutorials point in this
tutorial we will talk about the
cultivation process of gel barrel
flowers
the botanical name of gel Bella is gel
Vera Jim Sony and it belongs to the
family composite dae cheul para is an
exotic ornamental flower plant you can
find these flowers used for decoration
for parties and functions you can also
make bouquets of these flowers
these flowers are considered
long-lasting and also remain fresh for
long
temporal flowers come in different
colors orange cream white purple and
pink Jabara can be cultivated in
greenhouse or polly house and it gives
better yield when compared to open field
cultivation let us now see the suitable
climatic conditions required for the
cultivation of giraffe large crop zebra
is sensitive to frost and hence it is
cultivated in subtropical climatic
conditions under Polly house the
production of quality flowers requires
an optimal day temperature of 20 degrees
centigrade to 25 degree centigrade and a
night temperature between 12 degree
centigrade to 15 degree centigrade let
us now see the different stages in the
cultivation process of Deborah flower
crop the stages are soil bed preparation
transplantation pest and disease
management flowering and harvesting we
will now see how to prepare the soil
base for the transplantation of Jumeirah
seedlings well-drained rich light
neutral or slightly alkaline soils with
pH range 5 point 5 to 7 are most
suitable for the cultivation process of
gerbera flowers
[Music]
spread the well rotten farmyard manure
on the surface of the soil and add paddy
husk and sand in 2 is to 1 is to 1
proportion the soil should be properly
prepared to allow for excellent
development of the root system
[Music]
irrigating the entire land in Polly
house before digging the beds is must
and should this water helps in
percolation of nutrition into the soil
this loosens the soil and eases the
digging of beds
[Music]
start at one end of the bed
hammer wooden stakes into the soil at
selective intervals of 30 inch wide beds
followed by 12 inch wide paths the most
efficient layout follows a standard 30
inch wide bed with 12-inch wide pathways
this 30 feet by 12 feet high tunnel
equals a maximum of 360 square feet of
interior growing space we need to leave
2 feet on either ends as entrance
walkway area this type of layout leaves
6 beds at 46 feet length for a total of
690 square feet of actual growing space
[Music]
the arrangement of drip irrigation is
required for water and fertilizer saving
this is useful for direct application of
water to the root zone of plants let us
now see the transplantation of seedlings
onto the raised beds gerbera plants
propagate through suckers and tissue
culture seedlings well-developed tissue
culture plants having four to six leaves
can be planted firmly without burying
the crown
spacing off 25 to 30 centimeters within
the row and 20 centimeters between the
rows on the surface of bed is suitable
for transplantation the average
accommodation of plants per square metre
is 7 to 10 the spacing improves air
circulation in crops and facilitates
drainage of water keep the roots of
seedling in soil and allow the crown of
the plant 1 to 2 centimeters above the
surface of the soil level at the time of
planting this root system establishes a
plant deep into the soil
[Music]
the bed should be subsequently water
thoroughly to percolate the nutrition to
seedlings after planting
[Music]
the crop can be cultivated throughout
here so irrigating immediately after
transplantation will help in strong
establishment of the crop
provide nutrition and water through drip
irrigation for the crop up to three
months
[Music]
the crop will eventually complete the
vegetative stage and attain the
flowering stage let us now see the
flowering stage of the crop German
flowers form between the seven and the
26th leaf nodes this depends on the
varieties to
[Music]
flowering starts after three months of
planting leaves are too small to see
when bud initiation occurs in the shoot
tip the flower initiation actually
occurs when one to two leaves have
unfolded on the seedling
[Music]
sufficient space between the seedlings
enables quicker and more uniform flower
bud initiation the most productive
plants are those which form two to five
little shoots during the first year and
have a leaf flower ratio of 2 is to 4
[Music]
the number of little shoots at the
moment the first flood but becomes
visible is strongly correlated with the
number of literal shoots after one year
drenching water soluble fertilizers and
micronutrients on the plants will
increase the crop growth and result in
better yield
[Music]
so blanching the fertilizers and
micronutrients along with soluble
fungicides will increase the yield pests
and diseases start attacking the crop
once it reaches the flowering stage let
us now understand pests and disease
management in the cultivation process of
Djerba LeFleur crop the major pest
attacks on German a flower crop can be
caused by a fields whiteflies thrips red
spider mites or nematodes the major
diseases that can attack the crop are
but rot and powdery mild you
[Music]
spring off imidacloprid one milliliter
per liter controls the attack by aphids
spraying dimethoate two milliliters per
liter kills the white flies in the field
spraying fipronil two milliliters per
liter controls the attacks by trips a
bomb Acton 0.4 milliliter per liter can
be used to kill red spider mite nematode
attacks can be controlled by soil
application of bacillus subtilis at the
time of planting to control flower by
draw disease spraying copper oxychloride
two grams per liter is suggested powdery
mildew disease can be controlled by
spraying vertical sulfur 2 grams per
liter let us now see the harvesting of
Jumeirah flowers harvesting is done when
flowers completely open or when the
outer two to three rows of disc florets
are perpendicular to the stalk
[Music]
the heel for this dog has to be cut
about two to three centimeters above the
base and kept in fresh water
[Music]
the yield varies from variety to variety
and the greenhouse cultivation an
average 225 to 250 flowers per square
metre in one year can be obtained thank
you for watching our tutorial on the
cultivation process of gel where our
flower crop stay connected with
tutorialspoint.com to watch our next
tutorial on the cultivation process of a
different crop tutorialspoint.com simply
easy learning