who don't like such a beautiful thing
don't you think tasty motive and I are
having a enchilada cook-off you guys
don't know who tasty motive is I will
leave his link down below he's another
muck banger a lot of guys that know me
or have been following me for a while
you guys do know I do not have any
Mexican friends or have not ever met a
Mexican friend ever check out his
channel guys if you guys have not
subscribed cutie gang check in let's
first start off with this guy's Mexican
chili which I'm just gonna cut the stem
out and extract or take out the seed
there's gonna be fun guys because I've
never had a cook-off with anyone before
how about this anybody that you guys
want me to cook off with in on their
Channel and drop a cutie gang checking
in on their comment section there so
here it is guys red chili into the pot
to toast once I got them nice to sauce
in one can of thanks tomato one teaspoon
of garlic two cups of chicken stock
low-sodium core teaspoon of cumin one
tablespoon of chili powder 1/2
tablespoon of paprika 1/2 teaspoon of
oregano pinch of salt and pepper balance
this a bit by adding 1 tablespoon of
sugar
don't let this simmer on a medium heat
for 1 hour our green sauce so I got
white cat wilpharma talos I think I said
that wrong for Sereno peppers right now
guys I'm not too worried about mixing
anything up just because in the end I'm
gonna blend everything 3 cloves of
garlic 2 cups of chicken broth
low-sodium I'm gonna do 1/2 a cup of
fresh cilantro half an onion and I'm
gonna do a quarter teaspoon of cumin -
your salt and pepper and that's it guys
so we're gonna let this sit for one hour
as well is that cooking the background
there I got some leftover chicken here
which I just diced up salt and pepper
1/4 teaspoon oregano cumin 1/2 teaspoon
of chili powder and 1/2 teaspoon paprika
once you get that all cooked up I'm not
gonna lie guys yesterday when I made the
pupusa I kind of liked the idea of
mixing the meat with the beans and
cheese
kamo delicious we're just gonna play
this went throw my chicken into this
nice flower bowl here throw whatever I
have left with the beans I had yesterday
two cups of mozzarella cheese we're just
gonna mix that in with your clean hand
guys one hour's up
I'm gonna take my green sauce we dumped
it into a blender gonna mix it up after
mix then dump it back in next we take
our red sauce do the same thing guys so
I'm just gonna let these two sauces sit
on low heat for 40 minutes we wait guys
I got some corn tortilla here which I'm
just gonna fry up some oil I don't want
that much oil so I'm just gonna try to
distribute this oil to 20 core tortilla
once you got them all dab in some oil
let's eat them up they're just gonna
take around 30 seconds last time I made
this some of you guys said the corn
tortilla was still raw I'm just gonna
point it out this one's a raw one still
pretty raw and this one's the heated one
how's that sound
hey raw he did one maybe I should put
them on a little more but now they're
nice ass already just roll them out this
is how it's gonna go down guys shout out
to Mexico so we're gonna do a Mexican
flake Adam green on one side
I want to take our corn tortilla and
dunk it in get into our greenhouse take
some of the filling here roll it up lots
of my cheese in this tasty moto said he
wants a cheesy chicken enchilada dish
[Music]
so again corporate here
[Music]
yes
get the rib sauce same way this chicken
feeling mozzarella roll it up
don't have much feelings left so
it's kind of this nice cheese enchilada
here
[Music]
mozzarella cheese
into the oven at 375 for 15 to 20
minutes guys
sorry guys only have this in for 10
minutes on a broil about 15 minutes
would do but 10 minutes on a bra is
enough I just wanted that cheese crust
trouble
so after this guys take rest of our
green sauce
I'm gonna take the rest of our red sauce
there it is guys my take on Mexican
enchilada
shoutout to tasty motive shout-out to
Mexico come on over guys here's a
question now guys Quan trans enchilada
cheesy enchilada or juicy motives gone
grab some green enchilada grab one of
one first
come on that beautiful fork and knife
let me cut into this green enchilada
check that out guys for some reason I
just want pour more sauce on it but I
want to eat it like this for now take
the first bite of this quick time next
up just perfect dip it into some of the
sauce mmm even better
everything just plays out so well
Wow here's a question guys mmm
tasty motive or cutie gang mmm Angela go
check out this video right after this
guys make sure you check in cutie game
mmm so bombs I have to say guys after
the pupusa technique of mincing up your
meat while rolling it up is such a great
idea they can perspire this guy's the
red sauce enchilada nice I'll say you
just get a awesome distribution of
chicken everywhere mmm I gave this one
try this recipe out guys
tell me how then think this recipe is
you guys see my ingredients
hmm some may say this might look dry but
I'll tell you right now it's so moist
inside guys
I think the corn tortilla helps
everything just keep this hat and I had
some of that beans in there too
just try this one just has cheese in it
but then I know the burnt cheese makes
it to die this cheese corn tortilla says
cheese and corn tortilla nice mmm like I
said the burnt cheese makes up how these
sausage guys I can't choose I like the
green one just because it has a nice
tang to it I like the red one just
because it has a nice peppery spicy but
sweet taste to it because I didn't put
the sugar in that
Jen it's amazing okay all right few more
let's do one more of this and we'll do
one more of the green one the cheese one
will leave out maybe I'll do this guys
whoever wants to have a cook off of me
I'll be happily - except who do you guys
want me to have a cook-off with
don't say Chef Ramsay one day I'll get
to level I will get such a beautiful day
don't you think hope you guys enjoy this
one don't forget to subscribe you have
it also don't forget to check out tasty
motive as well like this Jabba's bratty
kid he always ready to say goodbye to
you guys
bratty Kitty bratty kitty Hey hi
once you bye to everybody you didn't get
any food today are you upset are you
little upset because of that Kitty huh
Diddy are you upset because of that you
can't eat any slices today
come on right you can't eat any spices
kitty you have stomachache
right right