hi guys it's crystal welcome back to my
channel today I'm going to show you guys
how to make these super cute party hats
with the pom poms I'm gonna have the
video link down below to show you how to
make these pom poms that I made the
other day with the we r memory keepers
pom pom maker and so this is going to be
using just your regular either paper or
cardstock packs so this one right here
super cute and then you can even see how
cute it is if you did like a Mickey
Mouse one with a red on top and but like
I said I will have the video linked down
below for this if you want to add these
to the top so we're going to be using
the we r memory keepers party hats and
like I said I'm not sponsored by we r
memory keepers I scored this stuff on
the clearance at Hobby Lobby but this
stuff is still for sale I'll have some
links down below cuz you can still get
this at like Amazon scrapbook com
Michaels I believe stores like that so
if you're interested you could always
get that so I'm gonna go ahead and get
started so the paper pack that I'm gonna
be using is I got this from Hobby Lobby
cuz this week the paper paths are 50%
off this is by the paper studio and it's
called pink lemonade and let me go ahead
and show you some of these papers here
they're super adorable it's kind of like
that one I love that for party hats
these are really cute um so and then
even because I'm gonna be showing you
the pinwheels as well and I'll be doing
a video I should upload that tomorrow
I'm using these same papers so that's
just a few of what the papers look like
just like that so now the whatever the
one that I'm gonna be using today is
this one right here this one right here
is from that same paper packet so we're
gonna go ahead the first step to use
this now you can also use um the
templates to do for this I believe it's
well with the circle dice you have the
circle die you can also do the same
thing I believe you could probably even
do this with your Cricut or silhouette
I'm sure there's a design on there what
I like to do so you have your round part
of your template like this so what I
like to do let me move my gun out of the
way what I like to do all right so I
don't even turn the paper down I just
leave it like this but I believe it says
on here you just need a
9x9 piece of paper so just so you kind
of know it doesn't have to be a twelve
by twelve I like to shoot mine in this
direction because I want I know that
this is going to be when we fold it this
is gonna be the directions so I can
either do it like this just kind of
figuring out which ones that I want in
here so I'm gonna do it just like this
so I want my whatever the image is I
want it pointing in this direction
towards this towards this bottom corner
here hopefully you guys can see this so
towards this bottom corner and then the
bottom of the image towards that way so
you get it just like this and then
according to the instructions it says to
put it on eleven so we get this one
right here with a round top on eleven
it's the one because there's ABC and I
believe that is a and then this one is B
we won't be needing that today and then
you have C alright so for C it says to
put it at the 3 mark so you're gonna put
it at 3 and 3 there so just like that so
that's how you're going to have it just
like that alright so then you're gonna
take your little score tool and you're
going to serve all the way around like
this and then you're gonna come down the
bottom and just do that so this piece
right here just pops right into this
groove and then the knife piece comes
right on the outside there and this
piece just pulls away and then you can
pump this off and this piece pulls away
and then you are left with this piece
alright so then you're left with this
piece right you're just like that so
it's going to move this guy out of the
way and like I said I'm pretty sure you
can cut this out with your cricket your
silhouette or the templates video if you
have the circle alright I just wanted to
show you because sometimes you're
looking at for party decor first of all
this will be a lot cheaper if you
already have some like this to buy a
paper pack and make whatever colors like
this paper pack cost 10 dollars but you
can use it for tons more stuff all the
decorations like you can be making your
pinwheels all of your stuff so and then
it's like I said you could just get way
cuter designs alright so for the next
step you're gonna turn it just like this
where this piece is up like that and
then what I like to do is I might
actually turn it in this way because I
see wet work so I try to start down here
at the bottom you barely want just a
little piece of the tip here and then
you know
all just kind of fall into place because
this is gonna come over just like that
so it's basically just a hair bit
whatever you can get folded over is
gonna come here and then the rest will
just basically fall into place so then
what I like to do is I take my tape gun
whatever adhesive you have if you want
to use like the redline tape or just
whatever adhesive that's gonna be a
strong one you can use your glues and
then you run it down just like that to
hold that piece and then you're gonna
run it straight down this I like to get
a little extra up here at the top all
right so then once you have your he Civ
on here what you're going to do is I try
to you're gonna kind of make a point so
you're gonna kind of fold it over just
like this and I'm just kind of paying
attention to the bottom there cuz you're
basically making a point at the top so I
kind of get my bottoms lined up is what
I'm doing here and then kind of get it
to work its way towards the top once I
get it like that I'll stick my hand
inside I know you guys can't see like a
lot of this I'm gonna get my hand inside
and just grub you can take your bone
folder at this point and I'm just gonna
rub that adhesive down really well just
like that okay so then the next step so
once we have it like this see Oh cute
that is what I mean you can't buy stuff
like this that is super adorable and
like I said this is the pink lemonade by
paper studios and right now it's 50% off
which they do like every other week so
it's nothing new and then I'm gonna take
my my little pom-poms that we made the
other day and what I did was I added the
hot glue directly to the pom-pom just
like that got a good amount on there
alright and then laid it set it down
right here in the middle so just like
that
just making sure let it kind of sit
there for a second and then that's what
it looks like look at how cute that is
and you can kind of mess with it a
little bit making sure it's standing
straight up now another thing is if you
left the strings attached like I was
showing you in the video when I was
making this like this you could always
fish the strings down in the hole and
then inside take a piece of tape
hold that string down and you won't even
have to glue that down but that's what
it looks like look at how cute that is
that is so adorable you could do these
for you know birthday parties or even
Easter or you know summer summer parties
that you have going on whatever just
super super cute alright so there's that
one so I'm going to show you one more
time and I will be doing this I will be
doing this again very soon with the
template studio because I do want to
show you with that but I just basically
wanted to get this out all right so the
next paper pad that I'm gonna use is
we're gonna do this one right here
because I thought it was really cute the
next the next paper pad that I'm using
right now is the Mickey Disney Mickey
Mouse and Friends and I guess that's all
that it's called I wanted to make sure
gave me the right amount
this is $9.99 at Hobby Lobby so with 50%
off these are only five dollars I was
truly shocked today when I seen this
because I was like do they price that
right so if somebody else sees this that
they're Hobby Lobby and sees that it was
different because I feel like that's
wrong but let me know down below but I'm
gonna keep an eye on my hobby lobby just
to see cuz I don't want to tell you guys
that and somebody marked out wrong cuz
something I don't know and I could be
wrong cuz it's 30 let me see if y'all
can see that it's 36 sheets and these
are thicker like cardstock I mean
they're paper but they're a little bit
more sturdy so what kind of flips
through there and show you guys these
would be so cute for the pinwheels and
the for the-- rosettes and all that kind
of stuff so anyways is their front and
back and kind of yet trying to get them
like this you can see I'm sure you guys
have probably seen this before but it's
just so cute like these are big pieces
like this I know it's probably upside
down I'm just trying to get in there the
best way that I can I love this one this
one's one of my favorites like it says
probably cricket in sorry boys but just
wanted to run through here okay so
anyways like I said Monday May 9 and
that's half off that makes it five bucks
and this is not like anything new like I
said they do these cells like every
other week for them for the paper
alright so so but these Mickey Mouse
ones the other ones didn't have that
this one comes with like a strip at the
top so I just kind of line it up in my
paper trimmer and this is just my Cricut
one
my favorite paper trimmers is this one
in the Fiskars so I'm just gonna turn
that off like that all right
the same thing is last time you want to
make sure that whatever is going to be
the top of your hat is pointed towards
this in here okay you guys probably
can't say this it's pointed towards this
bottom in here right and then whatever
is gonna be the bottom of the hat's
gonna go that way so I'm just gonna
figure out whether I want to be like
this or like this I'm gonna kind of put
it in like this so like you can see the
top of Mickey's heads is this way all
right so we got it just like that
maybe my hot glue gun out of the way
here all right so we got it on here just
like this and then we're gonna go ahead
same thing it says 11 at 11 I just love
this this is so adorable
okay 11 and 11 and then we're going to
come down here to the 3 and the 3 so I'm
gonna go ahead and get that in there
like this alright so just like that
alright so now the next thing that we're
gonna do is the same thing so you're
gonna take your little trimmer piece
here you're gonna get it in the track
swing around the whole top and then
you're gonna choose swing around down
here alright so we're gonna set those
aside hold this bottom piece off and
then once again I'm gonna put this back
in here once again we're left of this
piece here like this
alright so what we're gonna do so see
now for this is gonna be like the Hat
like this and that way your Mickey's are
going downwards like that so you're cute
alright so once again same thing what
you're gonna do and I like to turn my
this phase where I work
alright so you're gonna barely get that
tip going right down here let me kind of
zoom you in so you can see what I'm
doing alright so you're just gonna make
sure that that tip you're just basically
barely getting that tip and then the
rest will fall into place cuz it'll know
which way to look to go there so just
like that that's how much you need
so you're barely getting that tip over
the end and then the rest will just kind
of fall into place once again apologize
for my fingernail polish because you
know we've talked about it okay so what
I'm gonna do the same thing I'm gonna
run my tape runner down this side just
to kind of get this piece stuck down
just like that all right
and then I'm gonna leave you zoomed in
so you can see what I've got going on
here so I'm adding a he Civ all the way
down I'm gonna add a little bit more
here where it's kind of missing all
right so then you're just basically
making a point here on the Hat so I just
kind of try to line my bottom up like
that okay
so just like that all right see so I've
got that top and I just kind of like my
bottoms like that and then the next
thing I'm doing is I'm sticking my
finger in here and I'm gonna run it all
the way down where that heesu is cheap
so you can make sure that that is really
good you could always take like your a
little piece here so this is the what is
this see yeah and you can take it like a
bone folder and stick it all the way up
in there make sure that crease is really
well so that's what that's looking like
let me zoom you back out all right so
this is what this one looks like so cute
so we got these two just like that for
the Minnie Mickey scene all right so
making sure that's all popped out so
what I'm gonna do is we're gonna take I
made a white one for this top here so
I'm gonna do the same thing and glue it
down so I'm just gonna add a little bit
of glue right in here just like that
just enough to kind of grab my sides
hold it there for just a second
and there we have it there is the cute
mini mini Mickey Mouse so you have mini
a Mickey and then you have a Mickey but
look how cute that would be for a for
the birthday party you could do that by
black pom-pom with this and the same you
could have done like the white one with
these but these would be so cute so I
think there is let me check real quick I
think there's three of each one so like
say if you did both of these alternating
that would be
hats total with these two like that and
then you can still use these pieces that
are left over to do like your cupcake
wrappers or your little let me show you
really quick so you could use that to do
like your you if you wanted to do your
like your ice cream cones or some of
your cups or your cupcake wrappers or
anything like that or even if you wanted
to use it to do you like if you're gonna
do cotton candy or if you wanted to use
it to do like the little bloke horns and
stuff you could still use these pieces
for that so you would be able to have
all that for your decorations but I
thought it was really cute and had to
share so here is all the hats that we
made today I think they're super cute
like I said I just had to share now I
wanted to show you the inside of this
one see this one look how cute this
would be so this is the one that has the
great this one would be cute if you did
it the same way too
the other thing is I mean you've got the
little piece of admit make easier there
but I think it's still cute like that so
I really like the way that that is too
and then these ones these ones are only
do one sided but these are double sided
so I think it's cute because the way
they are and these would be cute if you
did these for like the popcorn holders
and all that stuff too but there is the
party hats and like I said you can use
your templates to do family are memory
keepers and I believe you could use your
Cricut or your silhouettes and I'm sure
there's got to be like a free printable
to download and print off a template for
these I'll try to see if I can't find
something and get it linked down below
as well just in case anybody doesn't own
stuff like this you could always print
that off and have your own template so
I'll look into that and see what I can't
find who's thinking because you're gonna
need some way to attach these to the
little heads so what I'm thinking is you
can get the elastic you can get the real
thin it's like a string it's I think
it's on a roll like I didn't have any of
it here I thought I did so it looks like
thread so it's really thin elastic and I
think you can even get that at Walmart a
couple dollars and what I'm thinking if
you own a tim holtz tiny attacher or
just a regular staple gun put some of
that right on put your string you know
cut it to the link that you needed to
and just staple those right on the
inside I didn't have myself ready but I
will have it I am that's what I'm gonna
do to mine so in case you were wondering
like I said before I will have these
pom-pom videos linked down below if you
haven't seen it before and it'll
probably pay out play at the end of this
video so I hope you guys found this
helpful if you did please hit the like
button down below and subscribe and I'll
see you on the next one