stepping buddy welcome back to Malibu
every safety is number one / - well it's
not my laboratory I'm just hijacking
somebody's liable to it where did the
kid go today we're gonna need a kit no
we're not gonna make her wait a bit Oh
cuckoo we're actually gonna make a tent
for a cat ah she biting me she don't
like me but we're actually gonna make up
did you
man what the heck she usually so sweet
but to this you want to kill me and all
I wanna do
he's just you see now she's sweet again
and all I want to do is attempt for her
and all we need is two metal hangers and
a t-shirt and maybe a pupa and let's
check out how we're gonna do it so what
we're gonna need to do is unwind over
here and make them stay just like this
one then you're gonna need to burn them
in a u-shape like that both of them to
the same size then we're gonna use some
wire to intervene them together like
that next we're gonna need a cheap shot
this shot was too big it's a extra large
so let's start with the medium okay
gonna help us okay just wait a minute
she bought to beat my hand okay get some
from over there
awesome
that's a woman okay not not ready yet so
let's see if our kid is gonna love it or
not okay go ahead look she loves it ah
she don't want me in there she just bite
me check it out that's how you make a
tent to look at she almost knocking it
over look she loves it isn't she she's
very curious about it so if you have a
cat you gotta make one of this for your
cat because it's very entertaining for
them and you can put a pillow under
although she just sit down and I'm just
chilling see I'm saying that's assault
look and now she's just chilling there
and grooming herself that's what's up
she loves it I'm very happy that
yourself surprised you okay
hi guys let's spit in my chip thank you
for watching yourself look she loves it
yeah so you gotta like it if the cat
likes it you gotta like it and all the
cats out there like it and ask your
owners to do it one for you and as
always thank you for watching let me
know what do you think comments below
thumbs up don't forget to subscribe and
if you have another idea
and I'll see you next time today you
know I'm gonna teach you how to eat