how's it going everybody this is beat
the bush a while ago I reviewed some
Parmesan crisp that I bought Costco now
I'm gonna try and make it myself with
some fresh Parmesan cheese and also a
bag of quinoa right here I have here a
chunk of parmesan you see it's about 10
bucks a pound is pretty expensive when
you buy the real stuff but you got to
buy the real stuff if you want it to
taste good go ahead and greed out some
of this Parmesan cheese okay this is
about three crisp swarf I added about
one tablespoon worth of quinoa into the
Parmesan cheese now mix it up a little
bit transferring it over to this plate
here now I'm going to divide it into
three little patches I'm gonna put this
on my toaster oven on broil for about
six minutes okay it's done now while
it's still hot you want to try to scrape
it away from the plate I've stood it up
on the spoon so that they can cool in
the curved fashion and just like that
you got three extremely delicious
parmesan crisps with quinoa I thought
this quinoa for about $2 and this block
of parmesan for about $6 so all of this
combined is about the cost of that bag
of chips now an estimate you can make
about 35 to 40 chips with this however
this is fresh and it's a lot nuttier
because you can actually taste the
quinoa in it after you let the partners
aren't crisp cool then you can start
enjoying it so I tried this with just
the Parmesan cheese itself and yes it
tastes good but with the quinoa it
actually makes that taste even better
because there's this nutty flavor to it
anyway this is really delicious I hope
you try it don't forget to support my
channel through my audible link down in
the video description below or directly
through my patreon link over here don't
forget to give me a like on this video
and comment down below let me know if
you've tried these parmesan crisps with
quinoa even and don't forget to
subscribe over here thanks for watching
I suppose quinoa is pretty good for you
too you know what I could have made them
thinner kind of spread it out around I
think each of these chips could split
into two or three even