hey guys this Ivy and today I'm coming
here to show you guys my Halloween
costume I did a full blown out tutorial
for you guys but Final Cut Pro had a new
update and all of my files got corrupted
so I just bought me some snakes little
ones and big ones and I made this really
cool Medusa head piece and I used like
the little wires you get from Michaels
and I connected the snakes onto a
headband and this is how the headband
look unfortunately I don't have the
files to show you guys exactly how I did
it but all you have to do is interwrap
the snakes with the wire until you kind
of like just build this big head piece
and you want to spray paint it gold you
can get the spray paint at Michael as
well and then I'm using a little bit of
green for accent so this part was really
really easy and it was fun but the
headpiece did take me 5 hours so on my
makeup all I did was kind of like um
black out my eyebrows erase my eyebrows
I mean and you can use a glue stick for
that really simple just do a couple of
coats I wanted them to be like really
flat and gone cuz for my Medusa I want
her to have like high thin eyebrows it
looks crazy when it's gone right you
just want to pack it with concealer and
setting powder now I'm using my regular
foundation and some green paint and I
mixed it just to give me that green
Hue so when you do this you want to make
sure you set yourself really well with
setting powder and I repeated that like
two times just so I had a full even
coverage and my ey Shadow you know that
part was simple I mean it's up to you I
just did it where it looks like I have
you know bigger eyelids than normal I
use some green some Browns and some
purples I don't know why it looks like
this my camera I guess was tweaking the
focusing but um yeah it wasn't too bad
at all took me a little bit of time but
it's pretty pretty simple and um with
Medusa you can you know it's no one way
to do it you can do whatever you want
with this costume so it's a really good
last minute costume you really don't
have to buy anything but the
snakes and I did this really big
exaggerated Wing I just wanted it to
look really
dramatic and I almost forgot you guys
you cannot forget your big snake around
your neck and your white contacts or
whatever type of snake looking contacts
you have it just pulls together the
entire costume and this is her you can
wear with all black I have on
serpentina and that's it you guys I hope
you enjoyed this quick
video I worked really hard on this you
guys I'm so sad I don't have a full
tutorial for you guys but I thought I'll
show you the look anyway so thanks so
much for watching happy Halloween and I
will talk to you guys soon