hi Vikram hello so a lot of green my
life customers have been asking us for
the right way to actually use these link
layers etc and kind of sow our seeds so
we thought we'll shoot a very quick
video to show you how to do this for and
become so now here we have a few
products which is needed to germinate a
seed right
to begin with we have a seedling drain
and we have Coco pick mixture from
during my life which is washed sterile
and is of low EC right we have a few
packets of seeds this is a big rubric
and a watering can
so this is a 5 kg brick - education
radius and I understand that it will
expand to 25 kgs once you put water is
the next time after 25 days okay and I
think we'll shoot a separate video to
kind of show you the entire process for
using the Coco great and expanding that
yes but let's move ahead now yeah so
here we have a seedling tray filled with
coco peat mixture right this is only
about 3/4 of it and we are almost to
sort of see right we only go ahead
whistling - of the rows here the
cavities are filled only 3/4 and then
once the seed is being so you can just
top it up just like that
and then we will just add some water
that's a very nice-looking watering can
go ahead and also this industry air so
can you buy this in green realizes this
yes this is available in green mailers
so that's about it here okay so we are
pretty much now we just wait and get
these seats which are yes right yes how
should we water them every day or is the
Sabine's a you know for the seeds to be
turned into something so we need to
water it every day or we can just spray
a little bit okay okay cool so that's
pretty easy
that's right yes okay okay thanks Vikram
finally