get ready for summer with this Mexican
tuna salad you're gonna love its fat
delicious and very simple to do hello my
name is Lauren I'm gonna teach you how
to cook healthy so please subscribe to
my youtube channel and today we're going
to make this Mexican tuna salad it's
really delicious
and I'm going to teach you how to make
it very very fast so you think go have a
picnic with this nice salad I have two
tuna cans over here I just drained the
water from it and I'm going to add one
tomato that I cut in very small squares
let's set it to the tuna and now I'm
going to add some jalapeno look it's got
very finely and actually if you are not
wearing to spicy food you can actually
add some bell pepper green bell pepper
and always to know you're helping is too
spicy just smell it before you use it
and I have some onion over here if you
see my onion is in water why in water
because if you don't want to stinky
mouth just use food you have your onion
before you use it in some water with
salt and that's going to help you to
don't have it like that spicing or that
hot
onion there we go okay so as my recipes
are light recipes we're not going to use
a lot of mayonnaise I'm using 1 spoon of
- and I'm going to teach you how to make
it look like it has more mayonnaise with
that just adding more flavor and over
here if you have ever buy some jalapenos
daguerreian vinegar we're going to use
that vinegar from the jalapenos those
are the jalapenos that you can find in a
can and I'm adding 4 spoons of that
juice if you don't have you can use
white vinegar or apple vinegar now let's
add a little salt if you want you can
also add some pepper I have so fresh
cilantro coriander over here and I'm
just gonna cut it in very small pieces
to add it to my recipe there we go there
is like about 2 spoons of coriander and
of course just follow your instincts and
how much vegetables you want in it this
recipe just keep on that in it and now
let's put all together
as fast as these you can have a perfect
Mexican salad you can have it with
crackers or with some tortilla chips and
everybody's going to love it at home
please leave your comments and tell me
if you like it and please follow me on
Facebook that's it healthy with Laura
and I see you here my youtube channel
with more healthy recipes subscribe