[Music]
the secret behind curing salmon is in
the flavoring you're curing it with for
a hint of the Exotic and aromatic my
favorite starting point is to grind
coriander
seeds coriander seeds are citrusy it's
got that nice orangey flavor and it goes
brilliantly well with
salmon mix that with your salt and your
sugar it may look like a lot of salt and
sugar but once they've done their job of
cold cooking or curing the salmon most
of it will be washed away next the
grated zest of two
oranges some fresh
pepper and then mix in one of my
favorite ingredients grated beetroot
beetroot gives a really nice sort of
rooty earthy flavor great for curing it
stains the salmon as well and it just
elevates it now you'll see what's
happening now with the beetroot the salt
and sugar breaking it down down see how
wet it's becoming now that beetroot is
ready for the salmon if you got a big
party 10 or 20 get a whole side of
salmon fill it it and get it pin boned
by a fish Monga if it's six or 10 guests
then this Chunk in the middle is like
the sort of middle part of a fet steak
the best of the best pour on your
beetroot and basically what we're going
to do now is sort of pack it with all
the beetroot look at that I mean it
looks
fantastic next cover your beetroot
salmon with clim film take a tray
lightly press and they get something
substantial something heavy a pot or a
pan or some tins the weight on top just
speeds up the
process place your salmon in the fridge
to cure for at least 8 hours or even
better
overnight now to unveil my incredible
beetroot cured
salmon offer the weight
that's
right and look what's happened to the
salmon absolutely beautiful you can just
tell how delicious that's going to be
with this sort of Sheen give that a
little rinse in cold
water with your kitchen roll Pat it nice
and dry
[Music]
beautiful traditionally cured salmon
would be sliced into large thin pieces
like smoked salmon but I like to cut
mine Into Thin strips it's easier and it
will show off its
beauty slice down get to the skin and
then flick your knife out that for me is
a much better way of eating cured salmon
look at the difference of colors that
nice dark Rich ruby red now when you've
got cured salmon this good trust me you
just need a salad melbour toast or some
stunning bread look how many slices of
salmon we've got that's the secret for
me to any good party couple masterpieces
simple straightforward ingredients but
done
properly
nice my Sumptuous beetroot cured salmon