hi everyone Mella here from learn to
grow I hope that you're having a
wonderful day today I want to share with
you a short video from one of our
viewers Catman 02 that's c a a t m an02
of his 12-year-old plus vanilla Orchid
and it's over 50 ft long and he grows it
in his basement it's quite amazing and
very beautiful so I I hope that you guys
take the time to watch the short video
and here's a link I'm going to provide
for you that you can click con uh also I
want to thank you Catman 02 for sharing
your vanilla Orchid uh makes me want to
grow another one or try to again so I'm
going to um plan on that in the near
future and hopefully I can get mine to
grow as big as your vanilla Orchid uh
he's also mentioned that he even gets
some Po from it so um we like to see
more updates from you Catman 02 so keep
us posted thank you and also um there's
a few viewers that had asked me to do a
shout out I've never done that before
for but I'm going to do it because I
appreciate you guys uh for your support
and for watching our videos and for your
nice comments so one shout out goes to
Shakira Raman um she's very sweet and
thank you so much for watching our
videos uh so I'll give you the link for
her Channel as well and also One
Direction 8 by1 she likes to do some
science experiments and she's also uh
made some suggestions for me to do for a
future science experiment so I will U be
doing that soon and also to Hector gello
um the mango seed uh project is coming
up it's been a long week last week I
caught a nasty cold and so I'm better
now and I'll be following up with that
mango seed project for you and I'll be
posting it up soon so I think that's
about it for now but thank you so much
everyone for our viewers our subscribers
new subscribers we appreciate you we are
so grateful that you're here to support
our Channel and we'll be making some
more videos for you guys to watch uh so
here is our GR boox update and I hope
you guys enjoy it thank you for watching
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
soon bye-bye so here's our little grow
box with some seedlings inside that we
seed I think about almost 2 weeks ago on
the 15th that's about 11 days ago and
they seem to be doing well so also this
is not the original gr boox that we put
together uh about 3 weeks ago uh my
little son tripped and fell on it then
crushed it so I put this together
quickly he's okay though I'm was glad
that he didn't uh sit on the bulb so
that would have been really bad but
anyways I want to show you what we have
here these are the uh sweet peas that we
sewed and they are in the uh toilet
paper tube rolls that we cut in half and
then we just filled it with soil or the
seeding seedling mix and they are doing
really well I think the tallest one
there's about 6 in tall I didn't do an
update last week like I said before I
was uh wasn't doing well um with my cold
last week so but anyway this one here uh
these are Roman lettuce in the EDG
carton tiny little baby ones right there
so they seem to be doing
okay and hopefully I can transplant them
outside hopefully by next week um but
then I'm not sure because um we might
still have some Frost but we we'll see
now these ones here in the yogurt cups
are broccoli
so AR they um
cute so just a short update what's
growing in
here and I hope that you guys um will be
starting your um seeding soon and you
know Springs around the corner and we
will be gardening outside more and it's
going to be really fun it's going to be
a really fun and um productive season I
should say so have a great day guys
we'll see you again soon bye