hey everybody hope you're having a great
day it's Dynamic John mckl of dynamic
Carpet Care and I get asked all the time
how do I take mustard out of my carpet
well I'm going to show you how what you
want to do is we're going to mix up a
little home remedy to get that mustard
out get yourself a spray bottle fill it
up with some warm or hot water okay take
a couple of drops of dish detergent put
it in there and mix it up when you see
suds at the top that means you're good
remember we could always add more take
that and you get yourself a a white
cotton towel make sure if the Mustard's
been on there make sure you just you
wipe it all off all the excess take your
home remedy spray the spot now get your
white towel and wipe it up gently don't
rub real hard spray it you might have to
do it a couple of times Mustard's tough
so keep repeating until it's completely
removed if the stain still seems like
it's a problem um just contact a local
professional or you can contact me at
www. Dynamic Carpet Care Tampa
and remember keep it clean my friends