[Music]
everyone today we're going to start out
with something pretty simple
and they screen My Ride series and
that's just removing and cleaning the
trunk felt of this little X 90 what
you're going to need is some dr.
Bronner's peppermint soap and a scrub
brush now I find the dr. Bronner's
peppermint castile soap is just as good
as any chemical cleaner and it's
all-natural and it will lift out salt
and grease and dirt out of felt and
carpet you're also going to need a hose
with a jet setting first off just remove
the things that were inside the trunk
collect your spare tire if there's one
in there and then we'll get to the
cleaning so here I'm removing all the
accessory perks and carpets vehicle
these are the covers for the t-bar glass
and tobey's down here you know carpet
start to win and the carpet next up
there snaps and that what was I serve a
staple here there's a snap
and if you stress and now take off of
the vehicle and we'll put this out to
air out I'm going to scrub it with some
peppermint self hose it off close and
leave
are these carpets that came out of the
trunk just going to coat them in a duck
run or so use a scrub brush there scrub
it in and holds it off and then leave
that in the Sun to ear off it'll dry so
now that I have it wet and have soap on
it we're just going to work on circular
motions all over hell yeah that's so
forth in all the stains and everything
drop out and then we'll go to the final
hosing off after those of you are a
little skeptical natural so for the
broken off brush the color
[Music]
what I'm just going to do is from all
over this entire carpet until well hold
it off this is the way clean everything
naturally remove like recess oil any
other chemicals that people have in
their truck it's going to need some time
out in the Sun this is heavily fragrance
and your son gets apartment so just over
that do the color let's go coming out of
there next product that's a really good
job at lifting all the staff and
deodorizing interesting yes so just
continue on and do all the pieces of car
now once we have it all soaked up I'm
just going to take the whole and as you
can see the dirt lifts out of it go in
one direction push it all the one side
consume you along like that until the
carpet is completely rinsed and then
we'll do the same with the other side so
that was pretty easy stuff to some dr.
Bronner's peppermint soap and a scrub
brush and a hose and you can get your
trunk felt good and clean now you just
want to if it's heavily fragranced leave
it out in the Sun for a few days even if
you can get a rain on it it'd be great
and the Sun will help release any
fragrances or other VOCs that may be in
the carpet so I'm going to leave these
to bake off for a couple of days out the
Sun and then will actually clean out the
trunk and wash it out inside before
putting the carpets back in so just
let's look at a little before and after
[Music]