hey guys Rory here and I think you guys
heard my excitement when I found out
that the Unstoppable is made for Breeze
but
before
unstoppables um were or for Breeze and
and Downey came together to make this
scent um I was making my own FBR with
the Downey unstoppables because I just
love the scent and um now I don't have
to do it but it's a lot cheaper doing it
this way so I haven't done it in a while
since they've uh you know brought it the
scent out but I am going to do it right
now and I figured I'd film it just in
case you guys are into it I this is
basically just soap it's like little
soap flakes uh you can put them in
warmers and it really makes your house
smell delicious and when you walk
through the room the potency of it it
kind of sticks to your clothes sort of
um so this is how I do it
um I just you know pour some of this in
here and there's a
line right at the bottom I think that
might be a little too too
much might be just a little too much
okay let's
see there's a line at the bottom you see
that the very bottom line I like to keep
it uh right there and trust me at first
you're going to think oh it's not enough
to fill the whole thing I mean this is a
lot of scent right here so what I'm
going to
do is I'm going to pop it in some kind
of my microwaveable
cup and then I'm going to fill this with
water
so now that it's full with water I'm
going to pop it in the microwave um I'm
going to try it 30 seconds what I'm
trying to do is get it so that all of
the crystals dissolve into this water so
I take that back it's about 45 seconds
and then you Stir It Up and it's uh
lukewarm and I have my funnel going on
right
here and I'm just going to pour
it into the
bottle
and you can see here that I have a
little leftover that's okay I'm going to
repeat the process and then pour it in
again just don't add too many of these
crystals I'm warning you guys because
your house is going to be like so
powered out by smell if you put too many
in so just whatever's left over like
this just put more water in and continue
to do it um until the bottle is full so
there is the second batch I only filled
the cup halfway cuz I don't think it
will all
fit let's pour it in
there what's left just a little
left will it go in there no okay so my
recommendations on this um I don't this
is a different microwave I'm not used to
this microwave cuz we're AR condo but um
put it on high for I'd say a minute the
first time Stir It Up then do it again
put it on high again for a
minute all right so I think it's this is
what it looks like inside can you see it
with the lighting I think it is done
this is warm make sure the water is not
too hot I'm not really sure if this will
melt uh this plastic so make sure it's
not and um then you have a refill of the
unstoppables for just a little cap full
of this not even a full cap um if you
find that my formula or you know as much
scent that I put in there is not enough
make sure you shake it before you use it
but if you find it's not enough scent
for you just add beads like open this
back up and add beads again
um but just don't I think less is better
that's all I have to say less is better
what you everybody's sniffer is
different on toleration of scents I'm a
big scent person but I can't have it
overpowering so anyways thanks for
watching bye-bye