right today we're going to do grilled
lamb chops there's a marinade involved
in this one which will take about two
hours to work its magic something like
that so without further ado let's make
that marinade up and then we can get
things moving you'll be able to find the
full recipe for this at WWB BBQ smoker
recipes calm formal / grilled lamb chop
recipe now what we've got just preparing
the garlic this is for the marinade
we've got an onion which I'm going to
slice very finely we've got some
rosemary we've got the inevitable olive
oil
we've got balsamic vinegar of moderner
salt and pepper and that's about it okay
so the first thing we do is just get
everything nice and roughly chopped up
of course you can use a garlic crusher
if you wish
I just forgot to get mine out so we'll
just go out at my back with with the
knife okay and then we'll chop the onion
that's nice and fine and what we're
going to do is once we've created this
marinade is we are going to put it in a
bag so that it's got about two hours to
work its magic I'm now going to put all
the ingredients that we've chopped into
the bag
upstart starting up quite nicely
together okay we're going to pop a
little bit of salt in there
all right mind quite nicely seasoned put
the pepper in there
and then we're going to go for about a
tablespoon of balsamic vinegar
now I'm not very good on my measuring
first about a tablespoon I would say a
damn fine log of olive oil about four
tablespoons of olive oil and then what
we're going to do is just take that and
give that a good mulch around that's
smells fantastic okay here's the lamb
chops
in they go
seal the bag
and there's the marinating process
underway we're now going to pop that in
the refrigerator and give it a couple of
hours the lumps had two hours in the
marinade and the grills ready so it's
time to go here's the lamp now don't
worry just take it straight out of the
marinade don't worry if you've still got
some onion on it because that will just
add flavor as we go through the cooking
data oh look at that look at them
fantastic in fact I might just sprinkle
a few onions on top there we go lovely
right so for medium-rare it's three
minutes each side for a little bit
longer then maybe go three and a half
four minutes if you like it a little bit
more well done okay three minutes and
we're about ready to turn let's just
take a look at them look at that they
are looking absolutely fantastic yes
beautiful beautiful
so turn another three minutes and they
will be absolutely perfect now I'm just
going to take a quick shot for the
website and then we've got everything
covered
Oh a bit of smoke bit of flame
marvellous right three minutes later and
we'll be ready to do okay see in a bit
okay so we should be about ready now
let's take a look just test that against
my thumb that feels about right so let's
take those off perfectly done I can
smell them or they smell fantastic right
if you'll excuse me my cameraman and I
are going to go and play it up and have
a feast we've got lamb chops we've got
sweet potatoes and I think we've even
got some garden peas so there we have it