[Music]
hey everybody it's Rosie and in this
video we are making pig feed I have
never uploaded a recipe for pigs feet
but since it was requested so many times
this year I am going to show you so I
started off with my pigs feet and I
actually like to buy mine cut lengthwise
that's just a preference that's not
required
it's just something I like so first step
I'm going to do well the first step was
I rins the pig feet under cool water but
now I'm going to cut up my onion here I
am using a yellow onion but you can use
a white onion now I have all my pig feed
in my pot here I'm going to slow cook
them for 10 whole hours but first we are
going to place all of our seasonings and
everything in there so already we have
our onions in there I'm going to
sprinkle in some black pepper some
garlic powder some onion onion powder
I'm going to add some minced garlic I
have seasoning salt I'm going to also
sprinkle in one of my favorite
ingredients that you all know I love to
use which is smoked
paprika of course with my smoked paprika
to add more color I'm going to add in
some dried parsley flakes as
well and to spice things up I'm going to
add in some peppers so I love to use
lots of jalapeno peppers and I use
crushed red peppers as
well now I'm going to pour in a lot of
water just enough water to cover up the
pigs feet and like I said we're going to
slow cook these pig feet for 10 whole
hours because we want these very very
tender so put them in your crock pot for
me I have to use my rooster oven because
I had a lot to
cook and of course periodically I
checked in and made sure everything was
cooking like it was supposed to but this
was the finished look the peppers were
still visible as well as the onions
everything was perfectly seasoned and of
course it came out very tender and I'm
serving it with potato salad green beans
and yams tonight don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up if it was of some
help to you and if you want the complete
recipe go to my blog at iHeart
recipes.com thank you all for watching
[Music]