alright so we're going to touch up this
deep key scratch in the front fender
this BMW x5 here's a before and after I
just want to make a point most of the
touch-up paint that you buy on the
internet is very watery it's very over
reduced and it makes it very difficult
to do an advanced touch-up technique
like we're going to see so the ultimate
car scratch remover system touch-up
paint kits comes with a high-grade
urethane paint and it's not reduced and
you can see it has a much better
consistency and is excellent for this
type of a repair job so this panel has
been polished and all the clear coat
scratches and all the minor scratches
have all been reduced so we've got
really good reflectance which is really
important for the final result so I call
this the dab and smear basically you're
just taking a gloved finger put it in
your touch-up paint and work along the
scratch smearing it in you don't want to
play with it too much just one or two
swipes and your kind of using your
finger to kind of squeegee it into the
scratch now this was taken outdoors in
bright sunlight and it was about 70
degrees f you want to do this in the
shade we did this for photography
purposes so that would show up really
well when you do the dab and smear
technique and you're smearing like this
the paint dries almost instantly so we
can see here we've gone along this is
the first pass and this one area in here
is the extreme deep part of the scratch
you can see the scratch is still kind of
showing where is the part of the scratch
on the right hand side there has gotten
completely filled up so it might require
that we do a second pass of paint so
this is the
paint leveling solvent and the technique
that you want to do is remove as much of
the excess on either side of the scratch
without actually touching the scratch
just yet the more you play with the
touch-up paint with the solvent the the
higher the likelihood that you're going
to pull all the paint out of the scratch
and then just have to redo the process
so as you can see i'm i'm working on
either side of the scratch and removing
all of the excess touch-up paint or as
much as i can just kind of getting right
up to the edge there
now you can see all the excess paint
that's on this microfiber chamois so I'm
pulling it up and finding kind of a
fresh area and there's enough solvent
that's on this now that I can still work
on either side of the edge so I'm still
cleaning up excess now I'm starting to
actually pull a little bit of the paint
or erode the paint on the scratch itself
and I'm just using a light brushing
motion across it and I'm treating
different parts of the scratch a little
differently you know as we saw in the
that one image you know the scratch has
varying degrees of depth where you know
it's super deep in some areas in some
areas it's a little more shallow that's
why you don't want to treat the entire
scratch area exactly the same if you
were to use the same pressure along the
whole thing some of the parts of the
scratch that are very shallow you might
pull the paint completely out of it
whereas the really deep parts the paint
would still stay in so you just have to
be aware of the scratch and and just
kind of finesse it and and be a little
more gentle on the shallow areas and you
can be a little bit more aggressive of
the deeper areas the great thing about
this technique is you you almost can't
do it wrong if you pull all the pain out
of scratch you just simply clean it up
and get as much of the excess off as you
can and this reapply smear the paint
back on it and then try it again in fact
if you have really deep scratch areas
you may have to apply paint two to three
times until you completely fill the
scratch up
now you can see here I'm actually going
in and really with precision getting
some areas and kind of pushing that
microfiber chamois up and just getting
some some places where there's a little
bit excess still there without touching
too much of the scratch you can see I've
taken this microfiber chamois and kind
of rolled it into a couple rolls and I
don't have the backup card anymore and
I'm just finessing the scratch and
removing that excess once again i'm just
getting right up to the edge of that
scratch and getting the excess off
without actually touching the scratch
are touching it the least amount
necessary so here we've got our before
this nasty key scratch and here's our
after looks awesome now this picture is
actually really close to it which is not
wouldn't even be a normal viewing
distance this was like maybe 18 inches
away and right at the fender well height
in normal viewing distance would be
you'd stamp be standing up and you
probably three feet away so at this
distance we have our noses in it and you
can just barely pick it out but at three
feet away in normal viewing distance
this is totally undetectable