the entryway in this home was clean and
simple but I thought he could use a
punch of color to liven it up what I
loved about it was it had fantastic tile
great architectural bones high ceilings
good lighting I knew I wanted to add
some color and I wanted it to be a quick
fix so I thought I would tackle the door
which would be the perfect hit of color
and would be a focal point at the end of
the hall I'm gonna Lock this door so it
doesn't hit me in the face but even
though this door is pretty old it's not
really that damaged so all I need is a
light sanding and a quick cleanup to
form ready to paint I'm just using a
degreaser which will take off any
residual oil from fingermarks buy
something blue to go with the floor that
might be too green this too purple this
is too great I like these
I like that it's not your predictable
blue it's almost got a little bit of
green in it that's very nice rainstorm
as well that's beautiful almost like a
deep jewel blue I think I need to try it
on the door first I'll get these two
colors the first color I looked at was
called refuge I love this grade blue it
was a bit more casual and touch of a
country feel to it is really lovely and
looked bright in the space the second
color I was debating was rainstorm which
was a rich deep jewel tone again perfect
for space with high ceilings and all
this light it also looked really
beautiful with the gold hardware on the
door this is gonna be really difficult I
could pull off either color oh I had to
ask the homeowner to pick a color for
this one and she decide to go with
Refuge
you can tape this out if you're not
skilled with a brush I like that this
paint is thick enough that it's not
runny but it's still thin enough that
gets into all the nooks and crannies
this paint is great for front door
because it is very durable and has stain
blocking technology all those hands
touching it around the knob wipe it
right off these colors looking really
good already when it came to painting I
chose emerald interior latex paint which
is paint and primer in one and it went
on very smoothly as I had such a good
coverage I was done in no time
well that was really quick now I just
need to let it dry painting the door was
such a quick project I went ahead and
got another color for a large console
table which was the perfect amount of
surface for all the family members to be
able to drop their belongings when they
come in I use a Sherwin Williams colored
nugget which was a nice vibrant yellow
once the door dried I was ready to style
the entryway so it was good to have a
place to grab a seat when putting on
removing boots and an entrance so a
little stool that tucks in right under
the console is the perfect piece I chose
a long runner which is necessary in an
entrance but didn't cover up all the
beautiful tile the homeowner had this
beautiful painting which picked up on
both blue on the door and the yellow of
the console and another little piece of
art you had these birch trees in a black
frame which contrasted beautifully and
lastly a hit of green it's actually a
very well lit entrance so I knew that
they would be very happy sitting on the
console table
this really wasn't a huge undertaking to
give this entrance so much vibrancy and
give it new life I love that the blue on
the door just makes a tile pop had a
cornflower feel to it without being too
sweet it's beautiful with the hardware
and it's the right amount of color for
such a large space the yellow I brought
in on the console was the perfect
complement to the blue door
I used a semi-gloss finish but it also
comes in flat matte and satin and what I
liked about the bright citrine is that
and made the blue on the door feel a bit
more modern I loved that I was able to
maximize the impact in this room by
painting two smaller elements and using
two great colors it's colorful it's
welcoming and it really was a fresh fix
you