welcome to sail tales my name is Gary
I'd like to show you how I make the
sails for my model boats come on below
hey I'm a sail maker
oh well not really I'm not a real sell
maker but I am a do it myself guy so I
make my own sales at least for the
bottles these are simple sales made in a
single flat paneled with straight edges
the inherent stretching the fabric
allows the sale to develop its shape
when filled with bling I use cotton
poplin which is felt like an ordinary
bedsheet and I've learned to do two
things which have proven necessary for
these sales to be a success
number one the long run of the fabric
must be parallel to the leash that is
the trailing edge of the sail and number
two a boltrope must be incorporated
along all edges except the leech of each
sale this applies to all the sails jibs
gaff headed or Marconi for boltrope I
like to use tarred nylon Sinn f√©in
though any sturdy nylon twine would do I
like nylon because it will stretch just
a bit I start by making a paper pattern
for each sale
this line represents the actual finish
size of the sail I've added a half inch
hem all the way around and a 3/8 inch
wide tab at each partner I've also made
it line where the corner patch will come
to okay we've run the material through
the washer and dryer now I like to iron
out the wrinkles before we start working
with it lay the pattern out on the
fabric such that the leech of the sail
is parallel to the long run of the
fabric
corner reinforcement patches can be made
by doubling over a piece of fabric
laying it atop the paper pattern and
marking off its size and shape
here you see the corner of reinforcement
patch in place a little tab on the end
of the sail is folded over the top of it
the bold rope will light up inside the
hem
are you a silicone sealer is it kind of
a glue to hold everything in place will
I sew it together I use polyester thread
because it's strong and I choose a color
which contrasts with the sail cloth I do
my sewing by hand with the thread
doubled up
I hope you found this video helpful
these cotton sails can perform much like
a real cruising sailboat but don't
expect them to compete with
professionally made Racing sails that's
a whole other ballgame if you want
Racing sails or just want to leave the
sail making to a real pro look in the
description for this video where I have
provided a link to a real sail maker
thanks for watching
I'm serving up to buy a new pencil