hello it is 105 degrees outside right
now and it will reach 106 in the next
hour so I decided why not bake some
cookies in my car
let's make freaking do this holy it's
hot in here I have this little
thermometer set up 175 degrees we're
putting these bad boys right here
beautiful I am going to go back inside
and oh it's like a million degrees
better out here I'm going to get a towel
because I don't want that pan scorching
up my car
not a fan if that happens so that's what
I got going on I'll be checking on them
every I don't know 20 minutes and we'll
see what it takes s oh my god why do I
have the lemon juice on let's see what
temperature it is outside still 105 it
looks like it's gonna stay that way
or anaphor it's gonna start getting
cloudy a little scared about that but I
think we can make it work I'll report
back in 20 minutes it is 2:30 and still
a whopping 105 degrees outside let's see
how these bad boys are holding up not
too bad
are comin along nicer than expected
they're holding their shape I don't know
if you can see but it has dropped to a
hundred and fifty degrees
it has been an hour and 10 minutes
since I put the cookies in the car and
we're about to check on them again
they're coming along
honestly they like the exact same 160
degrees so it has been an hour and 44
minutes since I put the cookies in my
car we have Matt here with us now he
just got off work the Sun is now behind
this gigantic cloud which is just not
fair
a few cloud it has dropped to 106
degrees we might just have to call this
one quits a temperature gauge is now
below 150 which is not a safe
temperature for eggs let me go ahead and
crack this baby open
oh my god Oh Oh should we bring him to
ties I think so hey then how would eat
those feel them it's like it's
straight-up cookie feels like a cookie
I'm gonna grab ya fresh from the oven
smell like cookies
they look like cookies
certainly feel like cookies
maybe
[Music]
cuz I'm just gonna drop all these on the
ground is that qui gonn here I feel like
like a mother
swaddling her young cute family photo
everybody say initial thoughts I mean I
love GUI GUI especially I got a fight of
like four chocolate chips have you
tasted like liquid but I would say these
cookies are maybe 45 percent chocolate
chips I may have gone a little crazy far
to you better ranking yeah I would say
it's about a six and a half out of ten
yeah you know what you know what I'm
give them a seven out of ten toot my own
horn a little bit here hmm mention my
own horn okay
you want to make a batch of normal
cookies if by we you mean you and then
I'll eat them I mean this is an oven
cookie this is a car cookie
[Music]
this is crazy
I baked this in my car Thanks horrible
Tucson weather I can just pop these
babies on the dash my car when I go into
work and I'll come out of work I'll have
a fresh batch of cookies a fresh batch
of cookies when I get up work how
convenient would that be need to go to
the grocery store think you'll be in
there for at least two hours pop those
babies on you - get some groceries
helping them what what would you say say
to my face show you these cookies to her
neighbors now these
Oh half papers anymore here a password
please click that I was looking for New
England clam chowder upstairs just wants
to get really dirty
oh yes he loves it
[Music]