hi I'm Molly with craft cuts comm and
today I'm going to show you how to make
these fall monogrammed mason jar candles
gather your materials you will also need
a well-ventilated area to apply the
clear coat in if you're not using
squeaky clean and brand new jars be sure
to wipe them down with rubbing alcohol
first otherwise the paint will not stick
remove the thick cardstock like backing
from the decals the decal itself will
stay adhered to the thinner masking and
the sticky backside will be exposed
place the decal onto the jar and press
it firmly in place peel off the masking
to reveal the decal use the craft paint
and foam brush to coat the outside of
the jars this will take two to three
coats remove the decals to expose the
clean glass now let the paint dry
overnight
if you don't wait the paint will not be
cured and won't stick well to the
surface to give the jars a rustic look
use sandpaper to distress the paint
apply a clear coat to the outside of the
jars I chose a matte finish to make the
paint look like chalk paint keep in mind
this will also make the glass look
frosted fill the jars about 1/4 of the
way up with popcorn place the candles
into the jars use raffia decorative wire
leaves and other fall items to decorate
the opening of the jars use scissors to
trim the pieces to size your fall
monogrammed mason jar candles are now
complete light display and enjoy for
more great craft projects and videos
please subscribe