[Music]
hi guys so I'm back with another recipe
and this time I'm gonna be making
Jamaican style braised oxtails so the
first thing I do is start out by washing
the oxtails with some vinegar this just
kind of takes away the rawness of it and
just makes the meat you know clean I
know some people don't like washing
their meat but this is what I grew up
doing next thing I do is just have all
my seasonings together I'm gonna be
using black pepper or proper seasoning
season salt garlic salt and cayenne
pepper I'm also going to be using
ketchup soy sauce browning and butter
beans if you ever have food out of
Jamaicans house then you know that we
love using our herbs and spices just to
give the food that added kick and added
flavor so today I'm gonna be using a
scotch bonnet pepper right and green
peppers chopped scallion garlic thyme
and onion the next thing I do is just
combine all my ingredients together all
the herbs and spices and all the seasons
that I mentioned earlier I add this take
a fork and just mix it all together or I
use a rubber glove just use my hands to
rub it all together if you're pressed
for time you could just put it in the
fridge for 30 minutes or you can leave
it overnight to marinate the next thing
I do is just take some extra virgin
olive oil to add to the pot you could
use whatever oil you like but this is
the one I prefer using I just add a
little bit lightly to the pot I don't
need a lot because I'm just gonna be
bracing the oxtails it's not like you're
frying chicken where you need a whole
pot of oil so just use sparingly so
after I leave it for like five minutes
to get hot then I just start adding
rocks those in one piece at a time
because I'm gonna be braising it I just
want to make sure that they all fit
correctly and everything is gonna be
brown on each side so yeah that's
exactly what I'm doing right now is just
adding each piece off austin's in one at
a time
[Music]
so once I add each piece of meat to the
pot this is what it should look like I
don't want to have everything crowded
because I want everything to get braced
correctly on each side so this is why I
just took my time and decided each piece
in one at a time so after separating the
axles and putting it in the pot this is
what I'm left with I'm left with all the
seasonings and all the herbs from before
that I'm gonna add it later on so right
now the axles have been braising for
about five minutes so here I'm just
checking on them you can see it's
turning from the red color to more of a
brownish color it's not a hundred
percent braised as yet but I just don't
want any piece of meat to start burning
so I'm just gonna continuously check up
on it to make sure that each piece is
getting done correctly so at this point
the oxidants have been braising for
about 20 minutes they no longer have
that bloody red look they're starting to
look brown and golden you know the color
that we needed to be but I'm gonna leave
it braising for another 20 minutes or so
just to get it fully browned so it's
been about another 20 minutes since the
ox tails have been browning so now I'm
just gonna prepare like four cups of hot
water just to pour over sort of the star
simmering whenever I used to see my mom
or my dad cook in Jamaica they usually
use hot water for me instead of cold
water because this allows the meat to be
more tender so this is just something
that I've also been doing over the years
so right now I'm also gonna just be
adding all the spices and herbs that I
put away so the side earlier back to the
meat just to get that nice rich flavor
back to the gravy so once I finished
adding everything back to the pot I'm
just gonna start mixing everything all
together just to get it nice i marinated
[Music]
so I covered it and left it for 15
minutes so now I'm just here checking in
on it just to make sure it's not
sticking and make sure that you know
it's cooking good at this point of a lot
of the articles to simmer for about 20
to 25 minutes but now that the water is
starting to get a little bit low it's
time for me to prepare the ketchup and
soy sauce for the gravy so I basically
just mix around four tablespoons of
ketchup and four tablespoons of soy
sauce this is just something that I've
added over the years I'm not sure if
everyone add soy sauce to theirs but
this has made my Styles taste really
good I also added a little bit of brown
sugar maybe about a teaspoon or so
so once I've added the soy sauce and
ketchup so that gravy I'm just now about
to mix around everything together just
to get the gravy nice and flavorful with
what I just added
so once I covered the pot and allowed it
to simmer for another 20-30 minutes then
it's time to add the butter being soaked
apart so once I add the butter beans to
the pot I'm just going to be mixing
everything around like I've been doing
just to get everything evenly dispersed
[Music]
so I've allowed the oxtails to keep
clicking for another 15 20 minutes and
now the butter beans are almost cooked
through the oxides are looking a lot
more tender but the grape you just needs
to get a little bit thicker so I'm just
gonna leave it for another 20 25 minutes
so at this point the gravy has thickened
a bit more so the axles are completely
finished so you can go ahead and turn
off the stove
[Music]