all right so today we're going to do the
start of our little grow tent I was
gonna get the eight-year-old to help me
out but she's out building a fort a
little things in the front yard so this
is just some generic America's select
tomato red cherries a cherry tomatoes
yeah it is what it is she wanted to do
Tomatoes because they're the easiest so
we're gonna go and get started on this
basically what we're gonna do today is
we're gonna get the grodan rockwool
cubes pH balance for the water we're
gonna be using which is handy straight
tap water we're not gonna do anything
fancy with this this grow because she's
gonna be mostly in control and I'll just
come up behind her and check and make
sure that she's doing what she needs to
be doing so basically we're going to go
ahead and put these in water and we'll
go ahead and do that now I'm gonna let
these soak for you know maybe an hour -
most people recommend 24 hours I don't
think that's necessary things just come
out and on the side here there's a
little strip just like that
and I'm just gonna drop it right in and
you'll see that it's gonna sink I'm
gonna do two of them and then once these
are nice and soaked and ready to go a
couple hours we're gonna go ahead and
add a couple seeds to those and put
those in the germination process but for
that we will be using a little
germination tent or dome hopefully a
couple seeds in each one of these cubes
and hopefully we'll get one to sprout
within a few days all right so we're
gonna go ahead and put the seeds in our
little cubes here so drained all the
water cubes are nice and heavy I'm gonna
set them in the dome I'm gonna take
three seeds each cube
and just drop them in one more okay got
a pinch the top there
doing more seeds going to the other one
just kind of drop them this way it
increases the chances you can always
thin it out later just dropped right in
kind of give it a squeeze squeeze make
sure that just like that that's all
there is to it so then we'll put the
dome on this one's got Vince on the top
which is good we're gonna go ahead make
sure that that's those cubes stay wet at
all times so to do that I'm gonna
actually close these vents and I'll
check them daily if not twice a day and
mist them
when need be you can also add water to
this which I may do to the bottom of
this and never keep the dome nice and
humid but really a high humidity right
now is what you want put these in a cool
place preferably not so bright but not
too dark because you want a little bit
of light and within I would say probably
four to seven days you should have at
least a couple of little sprouts and or
roots just kind of depends key of this
is not to mess with it just let it wait
if you after two weeks nothing shows up
10 to 14 days you can probably go ahead
and count that those seeds were some bad
seeds now these seeds that I'm using
don't have a date on them but I know
that we've had this pack of seeds
probably a good three or four years so
these may be does but chances of that
happening are pretty slim
all right so the other day we put some
seeds single tomato seeds in there
rockwool cubes and as you can see one
has not sprouted and they're still wet
and it's been about seven days and then
two of the seeds the three that I put in
this rock little cube have sprouted and
as you'll notice tickle it off here as
you can probably see they're very lanky
and that is because there was no light
but on I was at town and doing other
things or the projects and then all of a
sudden BAM these things shut up like a
rocket
lanky stems means they're searching for
light they are looking for light
realistically these will probably never
really get that strong because I waited
too long to put light on them so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead
and start these but at the same time I'm
going to go ahead and get a different
batch going in a different Rockville
cube I'm going to transplant these
within the next couple of days giving
some light see how they do
because if I blow on those they're just
shaking like crazy so that means they're
gonna have a weak main stem and that's
not what I want I want something beefy
so we're gonna go ahead and play with
these a little bit maybe put them
outside and do something new this time
I'll have to keep an eye on it but in
the meantime we'll go ahead and deal
with that and get the grow tent set up
and I'll go ahead and show you that
probably in a separate video but this
project has literally gotten away from
me so in the meantime bear with me I
want to try and get something up
concerning this grow tent and
see what we can get grilling this season
before it gets too late alright until
next time