absolutely we'd like to hear the best
year of your life as well
I'll come on this side of you crafty
chica if you're like many of us you look
at some fashions and you think well I
can make that we'll look at this right
here
high fashion it is what they call the
look of ombre an ombre design and if you
know and love the crafty chica like we
all do you're crafty chicas gonna go no
you can make that you can do it yourself
hi did you guys hello thanks for having
me no it's a far our pleasure and here's
what I love let's take a look at Maya
and her purple top again and tell me
this is this is a top that she had yes
it was a white blouse it had that really
pretty kind of embroidery in the front
and she wanted to do something just to
add a pop of color to it and we were
like well let's all braid diet so last
night in our studio that's what she did
and what I love about this blouse is
that the thread is actually polyester so
it didn't take the dye which means that
it you can see the beautiful design of
it you mean an applique part of it from
the rest of it is like a cotton yeah
right but the applique itself didn't
take which i think is amazing yes and
that's something to look for like I
suggest practicing your ombre technique
on a t-shirt basic t-shirt you can get
any light-colored shirt from your closet
or you could buy one at the craft store
once you master the technique then you
can look at clothing a different way
when you go into the department store
and if you see a really cool blouse it's
okay if it has a pattern on it like if
it's a black and white pattern beautiful
make sure it's cotton or rayon then you
could add like a cool ombre effect of
teal or hot pink or purple well let's
get to ombre Oh Joey
so I am using this one-step die the
tulip once have died what I love is that
everything's in there that you need the
soda ash the dye the powder you just
fill it up with water and you're going
to shake it okay so so when you get it
it looks like this right here and it has
everything and all you have to do is add
water you just fill it to the line it
says right there okay and then you're
going to need this is the secret tip
here is you need a brush
like this and you can get this at the
home-improvement store and a bowl of
water does it matter what kind of
bristles cuz you know they have those
kind that are like just something oh
okay
yeah so it doesn't matter oh yeah okay
so we've got a little bit of a water
here in this nice it's it's B it's the
width and the short glass part that you
like about it right what we're gonna do
is is just drag the dye up through the
shirt okay so the first step so you've
got this t-shirt and you've already got
it all soaking wet yes I make it nice
and I wet it really really heavily super
good tip - you want to put some class
yes always
I'm trying to wait on the concrete's
outside with a nice t-shirt print on the
concrete I'm Tommy work with tide I
always use like a trash bag or a plastic
table cover I'm gonna stand back soon I
don't want that okay so I'm just gonna
put the darkest layer of die right here
oh this is a pretty color - is it this
it's Lou oh yes it's yummy so here we
have our first layer and you're going to
dip your brush in the water and you're
going to drag the color up like this
make sure to wear the gloves that come
in the dye box because you will get it
on your hands and like sometimes like
this stuff you know kind of cool if you
like it well let it go the beauty of
using this brush is you just dip it in
the water and the idea is that the more
you brush it the more it blends together
and you won't see any lines at all
oh and well it's all eventually gonna
soak in right away because it's wet I
get it now okay so we're just going to
keep pulling this up like this all the
way up to the top and eventually it just
gets lighter now this particular product
that you're using now once you do this
this is a permanent dye right this isn't
gonna come out in the wash right you
have to pre wash it first with well it
helps if we're a brand-new blouse I
would pre wash it to take out any sizing
okay and then from there you can use a
spray bottle to dampen it or you could
wash it under the sink and wring it you
know just so it's nice and damp and it
will take the dye well okay and that
really helps a lot so once we have this
all covered
and you like here I would actually add
more of the dye you would yes because
you really want it to be dark yes is
even you can even put a layer some
people like seen put a layer of black
right here just to really give it that
definition this ombre mean just one
color yes it's actually a graduation of
color okay so in colors yeah because if
you started mixing colors with you can
you actually can't I've seen where you
can do teal on one side and then build
up lighter and go into a lighter pink
uh-huh
and it's all with using this brush in
water ah that's what makes it work
really really well now if you have stuff
like this if you take take check this
out this is like a little simple shirt
that you can buy that has a different
like the colored shirt it doesn't have
to be white but this is that polyester
stuff that she was talking about earlier
that's not going to take the dye right
so experiment with colors and I want to
mention too that crafty chica we do have
all of the instructions you were so
sweet to write them out hosted him on
our website Sonoran living calm and
there's a link to chicas website and
she's got some great videos on all
different types of techniques on how you
can learn in the last tip for this you
want to put it on a hanger and put your
trash bag out underneath and hang it so
that all the dye drips down to the
bottom because normally with tie-dye you
know we wrap it up and we leave it yes
we let it sit for six hours and rinse it
out right for the ombre look you don't
want to get those lines or the fold line
so you're gonna hang it okay and that
way the dye will just naturally drip
down and let it sit for six hours rinse
it out in cold water wash it to your
washing machine and you're set to go and
wear it proudly that's what I have to
say Kathy crafty chica thank you so much
great to