alright YouTube viewers this is our
redneck citronella candle finished
product alright so I've been watching
thousands of these YouTube videos been
all kinds of stuff myself so this time
I'm giving back to you guys simple cheap
easy to do yourself DIY do it yourself
all right mason jar bite it any freaking
local hardware store you're going to
need some citronella fluid you're going
to need tapered all thread three eighths
all thread hollow you can find this at
your local hardware store homes lows it
scratch that local hardware store you
can find this in a light fixture repair
department you can take one of these cut
it in half you need some lock nuts same
area it actually comes in a box that has
little to larger ones i've used little
ones that you use larger ones doesn't
seem to make a difference I prefer to
finish it off with the rod coupling this
will go on top see you right underneath
that flame that's a rod coupling alright
so first thing you want to do let's take
a tapered step drill bit one disclaimer
these are in outdoor use only do not
light your trailer on fire outdoor use
only picture stick take your step drill
bit and drill to the exact same size as
the all threads that might be a three
it's drill bit slip it in and out of the
hole alright so i've been using a little
piece of all thread a nut washer slip it
through the hole we just drilled don't
look at the wiki I didn't good for that
step
another washer BAM that's some kind of
finishing lock nut if you like you can
use the tapered rod coupling a little
more decorative but it's a redneck set
to no thing you don't need to be that
decorative look around we got one sent
inside a five-gallon bucket with sand is
to keep the mosquitoes away we're not
trying to make a beauty pageant hear him
on the table it's nice so I just locked
netted that piece together slip joint
pliers one side redneck slip joint
pliers lineman's tighten righty tighty
lefty loosey come on people you know
this stuff slip the rod coupling over
the end take some lamp-wick it's that
size I don't know what size it is it's
round it's just a little bit bigger than
the all thread squeeze it run it through
the all thread squeeze twist squeeze
twist squeeze twist squeeze twist pull
it through BAM just a little bit doesn't
have to be a lot take your sensor nila
fluid run it into your mason jar pants
rednecks it renilla fluid
outdoor mosquito candle finished product
put it together going to dip the wick
BAM redneck central citronella candle
holder like comment subscribe below see
ya