[Music]
hey everyone my name is Daniel and
welcome to the Korean startup project
the YouTube channel the briefs are all
the latest gear gadget in tech from
South Korea today I'm outside walking
around trying to get a little exercise
but man it is very very hot it's between
90 and 92 degrees I'm sweating like
crazy I'm underneath underneath a nice
tree
trying to get some shade and blacks a
little bit but man I'm so thirsty I need
a bottle of water let's go get some so I
found my bottle of water but I drank it
all it's really hot out here but there
may be times where I don't have access
to a bottle of water or like a
convenience store or really water that's
safe to drink I mean behind me is the
Hong Kong River it runs through the
central parts of Seoul South Korea and
like any river in kind of an urban urban
environment you really don't know what's
in the water if you're out and about
you're thirsty you want to get something
to drink but this is your only source of
water you might want to think twice
because well you could wind up a cig the
same is true if you're out in the woods
or you're you know out on a hike you
probably find this nice clean
crystal-clear
river or stream and you're thinking oh
wow I can drink from that and be okay
but you never know what kind of
organisms or bacteria may be in the
water so it's not really ever a good
idea to drink straight from the source
you need a way to purify the water first
I'm sure you've heard of life straws and
they do a pretty good job but they're
not gonna remove all the contaminants
that may be found in water what you need
is something like this this is a rip
your stainless steel water bottle it's
got a built-in pump and a filter that
can purify your water from a source like
the Hong Kong river or a stream pond or
lake one when you're out on the trail or
out camping
[Music]
holy crap it is really really hot out
here I mean I've been walking up and
down trying to find a safe location for
me to collect a sample in this repair a
water bottle you know when you're out
traveling the world you know foreign
countries you're out in the woods or
hiking on the trail you see a water
source you need to take advantage of it
and get some water cuz you got to stay
hydrated and I was going to get a sample
and test the water from the Hong Kong
River unfortunately I couldn't get close
enough I can't get the sample from the
Hong Kong river but I do have another
idea where we can test this for pure a
water bottle so let's go back to the
office and see what we can do
[Music]
oh man you would not believe how hot it
is outside oh my goodness but anyway I'm
gonna talk to you today about the rapira
stainless steel water bottles
there are several to choose from as you
can see some have pumps some some don't
these are the first thing to steal water
bottles with pumps in them that will the
pump will help you drink the water
faster or pour it out of the nozzle
faster you could also just suck it
through the nozzle if you want to do
that each of the bottles comes with a
filter that has coconut fiber carbon it
helps filter out all kinds of different
things heavy metals pollutants bacteria
and let me see what else says in the Box
what am I missing industrial pollutants
I said that and one of the big things
chlorine these bottles are currently on
sale and I've got a link for you down in
the description these bottles are coming
soon to a crowdfunding campaign I'll
have more information about that down in
the description as well the main
difference between these bottles these
newer ones is that the bottom screws off
like this so you can scoop up a bit
large amount of water at one time I did
want to show you guys that when I was
out of Hong Kong a river but
unfortunately I wasn't able to get down
to a water source or get to the river to
do that for you but these bottles and
these are great for travel so if you go
into a foreign country and not quite
sure if the water source take one of
these the filters will filter out all
those nasty things and help keep you
safe so you don't get sick while you're
you know out having fun they're also
great for camping and hiking when you're
out on the trails you definitely don't
want to be drinking river water you
don't know what kind of bacteria is
going to be in that water so the rapira
filtering water bottles are gonna help
you out like I said they are well there
we go they are stainless steel now with
that said let's get to this little
experiment I was talking about so we
aren't going to get to drink Hong Kong
river water but instead I'm going to do
a taste test
and Yael
all right so here we are we are going to
do some filtering taste tests let's get
a lot of different drinks and see what
they taste like after we run them
through the mercury water bottle I've
bought a whole bunch of different stuff
and I'm gonna run it through these
filters and see what it tastes like now
I don't recommend you do this at home
you could possibly damage your filter
the filters in these bottles they're
good for about 300 bottle refills which
is also equivalent to about 600 plastic
water bottles worth of water so you're
gonna save the environment by using one
of these bottles but yeah I'm gonna run
some different liquids through these and
see what everything tastes like all
right first up for a taste test we got
us a bottle of baby on water and a
bottle of Apple water this is like $2
water really careful with that pump nice
and cold it actually does take the
French Alps out of the Avion I actually
like this better next we're gonna try
this Apple water I'm gonna put it in
this red bottle now there's no pump on
this one but the filters are still the
same or a little bit
[Music]
what's kind of weird it's actually
colder coming from this bottle that was
from this plastic bottle there's a
slight hint a very very faint hint of
that Jolly Rancher apple flavor but uh I
would say that works pretty well you
know it just takes the flavor right out
right out of the sap of water so we'll
call those successes already so next up
we're gonna do sodas and the energy
drink
unfortunately my assistant forgot to get
the cold one and the refrigerator so I'm
gonna be sippin on warm coke alright
there we go we got pure coke oh the coke
is thinning out I don't know if you guys
can see this or not over here let me
take a taste oh wow it did filter it
it's not bad but it's not good yeah it
definitely took out a lot of the
flavoring and all of the carbonation now
hot six mmm that tastes terrible by
itself oh I don't like that I'm not a
big energy drink guy make sure you get
some of that coke out see how nice
that's pouring that's what the pump will
do for you give you a nice pour now
there we go it's weird there's a little
carbonation when it goes in but I'm not
tasting it yeah oh it's fizzing out oh
man
that's even worse than what it was going
in so the filters are doing their job
they are filtering out a lot of the
ingredients that are going into these
sodas and this hot sex energy drink it's
not filtering everything out but it's
not really supposed to it's not meant to
do that but if you're pouring water into
this it's just going to get rid of the
bacteria having heavy metals pollutants
that kind of thing so up next let's do
some alcohol we got some soju it's a
beer let's see what that tastes like
alright guys so we are at the end of our
experiment with our repairing stainless
steel water bottles again don't do what
I'm doing to be this stupid but if for
some reason you do happen to pour some
liquid into your bottle that you
shouldn't don't worry you can replace
the filter you can buy those online
again links in the description down
below but we're gonna end today with a
tall frosty beer and a little bit of
soju because it's been that kind of day
and quite frankly I'm thirsty so let's
start with some casts give it a pump oh
come on there you go there you go
probably little water in there oh
there's some carbonation what's going on
here
okay that's pure beer so get some
pressure in there there there's a lot of
foam coming out yeah look at that
alright it's okay you can lick on my
desk they're gonna leak a lot no let me
do a comparison here so that came out of
the review oh no oh no no we got a
geyser so one on the left is out of the
can the one on the right is from the rip
Yuri
so cast doesn't taste great to begin
with
oh man that is so bad that is so so bad
it's maybe wave oh that is terrible that
is so terrible let's do some soju now I
consider this poison because anything
that costs a dollar and can ditch is
completely wasted it's poison in my mind
soju is a nice clear alcohol hmm oh man
that's strong I'm gonna pour it into the
cast let's pour the bus soju in here
here we go here we go pushing that
through it's weird it's sudden sudsy not
but quite a bit well you can still smell
it oh man oh oh oh this is death in a
cup
oh Jesus Christ that's so bad let's do
actually one of my favorites which is so
MEK which is a combination like a cheap
Korean beer like Kass with some soju
everybody's gonna be mad at me I don't
know how good this is going to be let's
give it a little bit of shake cuz you
are supposed to kind of stir it a little
bit to mix everything up
here we go oh Suns a now I'm gonna do a
lot again don't do what I'm doing this
is just for fun guys
oh the rip Yuri bottle doesn't like the
so mix oh yeah I think it doesn't like
me now it's like now Daniel we don't we
don't want to do this anymore
ah careful oh oh oh there we go
there's some more hold on here it comes
oh oh there it is okay ah I don't want
to drink this let's see you know there
are times when you know you just make
bad life choices this is one of those
times holy crap hmm oh God oh so that
concludes our little experiment what did
we learn today
don't do this the the waters you know
the Evian and the Apple water that was
kind of fun the sodas that was
interesting the alcohol was just bad
very bad
so the rapira bottle does its job it's
filtering out a lot of things in the
water and then the drinks you're
drinking but it's only made for water so
please don't put anything else in them
with that said the repair II is a nice
little stainless steel water bottle that
you can carry with you you could travel
with it you know go over go over seas
different countries you go out hiking
camping day trips even if you're out and
about in the city and you want to get
some water from a public drinking
fountain but you're a little worried
about what's in that water
you're not sure how safe it is to drink
maybe there's chlorine or other
chemicals the rapira bottle can help
filter that out for you so that's all
we've got for today thank you so much
for watching my name is Daniel this is a
Korean startup project if you did like
today's video please hit that like
button if you haven't subscribed do so
and if you like this content please hit
that Bell icon so that you get notified
of our next KSP video when we upload it
that's all I've got for you today
and how about one more cup of death
before we go on young mm uh no my why
that's so bad it's also bad