you can see all your layers there's your
chicken layer there's your duck layer
and of course here's your turkey layer
good morning today we're gonna learn how
to make a turducken turducken what's
that I don't know but I sure like the
word turducken set along with me
turducken
I'm with chef JP who's going to show us
how to make it rip out him but first of
all he's gonna tell us what is it
reduction
well basically your turducken is a dish
made up of three different kinds of
poultry a turkey a duck
and a chicken so Turkey and then it's
made up of three different kinds of
stuffing you have a savory traditional
turkey stuffing cornbread stuffing with
dried cherries and with sausage and then
a sweet stuffing made with cranberry
sauce now are there any bones you take
the bones in it you leave the bones out
in order to make this you debone all
three of the birds so you will debone
the turkey and then you'll put stuffing
on top of the turkey then you'll deep on
the duck put the duck on top of that put
another stuffing on top of the duck
debone the chicken put it on top of the
duck and then the final stuffing and
then everything gets wrapped back up
together so it looks like a regular
turkey when you're done but when you
come to carving it it's got no bones in
it so you can slice right across and
you'll have beautiful slices that have
Turkey on the outside duck in the in the
in the next layer and then the chicken
in the final middle layer with all the
stuff I'm getting hungry just thinking
about it
whew fast learners go and make it
because he just told you how to do it
it's a layer of Turkey a layer of
stuffing a layer of duck a layer of
stuffing a layer of chicken a layer of
stuffing all rolled up go to it but for
those of you that want the special
recipe you want to see it piece by piece
stay tuned we're gonna show how to do it
inch by inch all right so now we have
the actual ingredients to look at for
the stuffings first of all you're going
to have your plain traditional stuffing
which is bread cubes ordinary bread
then some chicken stock butter celery
onion some poultry seasoning that will
be used to make your traditional savory
stuffing the second stuffing will be
your cornbread stuffing so you need some
corn bread cubes it's kind of like a
plain ordinary savory stuffing but you
add to it a few more ingredients you've
got some fresh herbs parsley sage and
thyme also some fresh sausage pork
sausage just a sweet sausage and then
another two ingredients that are kind of
special and one is the dried cherries
and also some prunes some dried prunes
the final stuffing is made up of equal
parts of the two previous stuffings plus
you add to it some cranberry sauce and
some pecans and you're going to slightly
toast the pecans in a fry pan and just
before using the pecans for the stuffing
the other thing you needs is the three
birds so you've got a turkey you want a
small smallish turkey maybe 10 pounds 12
pounds at the most a duck a young duck
you're talking about a four pound duck
probably and then chicken again small
chicken like a fryer two pounds three
pounds at the most and then you need
some special tools not very special but
you need some kitchen shears ideally if
you don't have kitchen shears you can do
it without just make sure you have a
good knife and ideally you should have a
boning knife a boning knife makes the
job of boning these three birds much
easier and finally you need some long
skewers metal skewers work best but
wooden skewers will work as well
oK we've got all the preparation for the
three stuffings done now it comes time
for the difficult part one of the
barriers of making a turducken is
deboning the birds case JP what do we do
how does it happen
fairly simple process it's really a
three-step process
you cut out the backbone once you've cut
out the backbone now you have access to
the rib cage you bone along the rib cage
remove the rib cage and then all you're
left to do is bone the legs and that's
basically it it takes a little bit of
time but once you get started it's
pretty easy
sorry step process and it's times three
because it's exactly the same process
for the three birds alright so we're at
the step of taking the bone of the
backbone out of the turkey take your two
kitchen shears and you just start
cutting along the backbone in a turkey
has a pretty big backbone so it's
actually the toughest to do compared to
all three of your birds but with a
little bit of pressure and if you need
to you can also use a good sized knife
if you're if you're encountering a spot
where it's really hard to go through
with your scissors you can use a good
quality knife as well
all right so now the backbone is out and
as you can see once the backbone is out
you can actually see the ribcage you see
part of the ribs here this is what you
want to take out next you want to take
out this whole rib cage and you're going
to just use your boning knife to go
along that rib cage bone so that you are
removing all of the rib cage from the
bird
so at this point you're 90% done with
taking the ribcage out the only thing
you have to be careful of is you're
going to you'll see that you've got this
major big bone and it goes right to the
skin basically so you want to be careful
when you're cutting around this because
if you cut too deep you're actually
going to cut the skin and you try not to
cut the skin if you possibly can so you
just want to slowly cut around this bone
and same thing on the other side and
here we have it it's out that's the
backbone rib cage all out and of course
you want to use that for making a really
good stock so at this stage what you've
done is you've taken the backbone out
you've taken the ribcage out now you're
have full access to the legs and you're
going to take the bones off the legs
except for the last joint you're going
to leave the last joint onto the legs
and onto the wings in order to keep the
turkey have a shape and in row two to
roast properly and be able to tie it
together properly so we're doing the
same thing boning the the meat from the
turkey now we're at the duck the big
difference really between the turkey and
the duck is in the chicken once you get
to the turkey you have to be careful but
with the duck and the chicken it's
really not so important they're inside
you don't see them so you can be you
know really take it's kind of much
easier because you're not worried about
if you cut a little bit of skin or
whatever a big deal also a turkey is
relatively lean compared to a duck duck
has lots of fat you want to take those
big layers of extra you know fat from
the duck and with all of your turkey
duck and chicken bones and bits of meat
and scraps and stuff that all goes into
a pot and it's going to make a wonderful
rich poultry stock that you can use for
making soups for making sauces
so at this point we're ready to assemble
we have our three birds that have been
deboned and we have our three stuffings
and we're going to start putting them
together look at your turkey you want to
if there's any extra liquid you just
want to take that out use you know use
paper towel don't use your your kitchen
towel just make sure it's nice and dry
once it's nice and dry you're going to
put some salt and pepper on the inside
of the bird you know it's a good sized
bird so you want to put a generous
amount but not not that to excess and so
fresh salt and some fresh pepper again
generous amount but not too excess all
right that's done so now you go on top
of this goes you're playing traditional
stuffings
pick your duck
remember on the duck we took out the
excess fat we left the skin though we
took out the excess fat so the you know
the excess layers are gone so you're
left with mostly just your meat and skin
this is a cornbread stuffing that also
has the sausage in it it also has the
cherries in it and it has the the prunes
of course any of these stuffings is your
choice of stuffing whatever stuffing you
really like you can use there's no
special only one stuffing is is correct
stuffing whatever stuffing you like and
and you think would be good with your
retro duck and use that can on same idea
again we're going to put our chicken on
so you've got you've got the stuffings
now we need to put the birds back
together basically is what we're doing
and we're using a skewer to to you know
to hold the skin together just until we
get all the birds put together basically
these skewers will come out after
I notice any weight you get the legs on
the turkey still and the front little
wings on the turkey the stubs of them
right and that helps with giving a shape
yeah it keeps the bird in shape and with
if you took that out it would be really
difficult to to cook this as a turkey to
have a look as the turkey it would just
be a bunch of meat I like to to actually
take a little bit of string and string
my turkey so that it will stay together
properly through the cooking process it
makes it much easier and a nicer
presentation so I'm going to do that
next try to get a roasting pan that
where the turkey will just fit perfectly
so it holds the shape even better as
well just going to put a little bit of
olive oil on top of the bird and you
want to just rub that all over the bird
this helps with the browning of the skin
finish it with a little bit of fresh
ground pepper it goes in the oven at 325
and you're going to cook it for about
four to five hours you need to check it
with a meat probe make sure that the
center of the bird is at 165 and the
meaty parts like the legs and the breast
is at 180 degrees Fahrenheit okay here
we are it's been in the oven not as long
as we expect it and it smells so good we
had to pull it out and we're gonna
reveal it
I'm chef Jean Pierre do you mind doing
the reveal for us be my pleasure
all right so it's been four hours just a
little under a 325 in the oven and here
it is oh my god that looks that's tastic
doesn't that look like the perfect
turkey I mean come on this is beautiful
I've been accused of being a turkey
looking at all right so now we're going
to take the legs and they come right off
so we'll put them on our platter for
serving purposes also the dark meat that
normally is in the thighs will be ready
to just put into your serving platter as
well next to the legs all of that meat
is readily available right from the
because it's there are no longer any
bones entering that part and then
basically you're going to start to cut
across the turkey unlike the normal
process for cutting a turkey where you
just go down the breast you're going to
go across the breast for nice slices and
here's a slice this is what it should
look like you've got chicken on the
inside you've got the duck and then you
have the turkey and these are your
slices that you're going to serve to
your guests I think things sound better
when you say Dada so I'm going to say
that traduction data here we have the
final meal all prepared
chef jean-pierre look at this beautiful
cuts of turducken you have this
wonderful combination of chicken
stuffing duck turkey we have this
homemade cranberry sauce with whole
cranberries a gravy that's to die for
beautiful salad fresh salad some rice
it's just the perfect meal here's to
turducken done the right ways turducken
turducken
Dada
you