[Music]
hi guys today I'm reviewing the sanjo
electric pressure washer if you want to
see the assembly and explanation of all
the parts click below for that video I
put up a few weeks ago in today's video
I'll show you how the pressure washer
works on different surfaces if you want
to try this unit out I've put the link
in the description below there are five
included nozzles that store in the back
of the unit the0 de orange nozzle is
best for small concentrated areas to
remove tar grease spots and caked mud
the 15° yellow nozzle is for intense
cleaning on hard surfaces to strip paint
mildew stains and rust from steel the
25° green nozzle is good for home siding
brick patios wood siding and driveways
the 40° gray nozzle is good for cars
trucks boats and patio furniture the
black soap nozzle is for cleaning using
detergent at a low pressure the nozzles
snap onto the spray wand easily
just pull back to
remove the unit has a GFCI plug which
will prevent electric shock in wet
locations it's a great safety feature to
use the unit plug it in attach a garden
hose to your TAP push the other end in
and turn the adapter counterclockwise to
tighten make sure it's not
cross-threaded to avoid leaks turn the
unit to on and you're ready to use the
pressure washer I'm using the yellow
nozzle to clean vinyl siding and it did
a great job just took the mold right off
it also took the caked down dirt and
mold from the side of my house
effortlessly I don't know when the last
time this siding was cleaned it's been
that
long it will take time to do all of the
siding but it's easier than scrubbing by
hand and cheaper than hiring someone to
do it if your house is higher than one
story you'll have to get on a ladder to
reach the top of your house moving the
pressure pressure washer wasn't too bad
it has two wheels that make the move
easier the cord and hose might get in
the way while moving so you have to Be
watchful of
that when I used the green nozzle on
this concrete wall it didn't work well
here I tried the yellow nozzle and it
worked great it also took a little bit
of the old paint off the wall I might
have gone over the same spot one too
many times
as you can clearly see the yellow nozzle
did an amazing job on my walkway it's
nice to see the actual color of my
walkway it really shows the
effectiveness of the sunel pressure
washer I got the most use out of the
yellow nozzle because everything I
cleaned had caked on dirt and mold that
hadn't been touched in a very long
time with its total stop system the pump
shuts off when not in use to save energy
I didn't find the pressure washer to be
too
loud the gray nozzle is gentler and
worked well on my patio furniture I
washed off the table and chairs very
easily
[Applause]
you can see all the dirt is gone on
aluminum alloy car wheels I used
different nozzles and none of them took
the caked on dust off it probably need
soap and a good
scrub however the newer dirt came off
using the the gray
nozzle bird poop I'd rather not touch K
moth
easily this is baked on sticky tree sap
that usually has to be removed by hand
with goop it came off nicely with the
pressure washer and saved a lot of time
and
effort I find it's easy to clean off
dirt from my Planters with the gray
nozzle
this pressure washer has many outdoor
uses it worked really well on the
concrete
siding car and
Furniture it's a good value considering
the price and many
uses I hope you found this review
helpful subscribe for more reviews of
products you use at home thank thanks
for watching
[Applause]