[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
everybody we're back home today and what
we're gonna be doing is taking these
pieces and cleaning them off and as you
can see alex has a textile cleaning gun
we got that that works perfect for
cleaning off the specimens it shoots a
high-pressure beam of water and that
helps get the dirt out of the cracks and
gets a lot of the clay out of the cracks
with places like dark scuffle and acres
amethyst both this place as you can see
you just have a lot of fine dust and
dirt in there and all these little
cracks and crevices so I'm gonna give
this to Alex and he's going to clean it
and I'll show you what what it looks
like after it's done
[Music]
you can see you get this nice beautiful
quartz cluster here this nice little
plate and as you can see there's a lot
of hematite it's a lot of oxidation on
them so you have to clean that off you
can put this in oxalic acid get all that
off the iron staying off or you can keep
it like that kind of makes it look
unique yeah and then here you can see
that nice quartz stands to matrix that
pink matrix that actually looks really
really nice as you can see that contrast
there at the orange crystals and then
that pink matrix looks really really
cool so anyways we'll get back with you
when we start cleaning off everybody
check that out let the clarity on these
things perfect little crystal here and
what we're doing right now is we're
going to try to repair there is several
pieces that go together so we're going
to try to repair them and see if they
actually can fit back together but check
these out
just beautiful and then this nice little
big one here just look at those no
damage on the tip so hopefully we get
them back together glue them and now
this is good at that so nice little
piece right there alright we'll get back
with you alright everybody we have the
best piece probably ever from this
location this cluster has no damage on
the tips everything is perfectly intact
it's got a nice radial spiral pattern of
the quartz crystals they're shooting out
and the quartz crystals around it larger
or beautiful it's a nice nice piece
right there so I'm gonna give this over
to Alex and we're gonna let him clean
that and we're gonna see what it looks
like when he's done so it looks like
ammeter you check this out Wow flawless
no damage on the tips here everything is
just nice pristine there's a beautiful
piece a lot of aesthetic going into that
piece got a lot of character get a
little crystal on the top of fell over
basically float her in there healed
itself to the crystals that were growing
at the time larger crystals around uh
plus it is a little smaller will radial
pattern crystal growth right there looks
great as you can see it's got a lot of
hematite coding right there on the
crystals and so we'll put that in oxalic
acid so one of these pieces are this
piece in particular will go into oxalic
acid definitely and so once we get that
out it's gonna look really really nice
all the hematite is gonna be off and
it's gonna you're really going to show
what it's what it's capable of so
anyways well this piece you'll see again
we'll take some more pictures of it once
it's done and being pundit acid
everybody so now what we're going to do
we put all the little single crystals
into this little great and we're going
to do is going to wash them off get all
the dirt off and see what we have from
the trip and you'll definitely see as we
start washing these how quickly they
uncover so let's see you look go ahead
washing
look at that
all right let's see we got so far check
that out
look at all this crystals beautiful all
right gasps we'll get back with you with
pictures and see which ones are the best
all right guys so I thought I'd show you
some of the clean specimens that we got
if you can check this out really nice
piece here but this one the second place
it uh looks really really nice to get
that nice growth there all them
spiraling out see ones in a little
closer for you check that out beautiful
piece hard to display with this one but
still a nice piece nonetheless but
that's not what she came here to see
this piece right here this was the best
piece from the dig no damage at all
all these big chunky quartz crystals in
the back but this radial pattern right
here beautiful clear crystals just
amazing cluster they're some of the
hematite still trapped in these crystals
as you can see there but when you're
looking at it that's just a nice piece
it this video does not do it justice so
trust me when I say this is just the
killer piece and hopefully the pictures
will do it more justice than this video
because of holding this in my hand right
now is just it's a great great specimen
so very very exciting one of the best
from this location and we're excited to
get back out again and to check it over
so anyways hope you enjoy these cleaned
up pieces and we'll see you next time
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]