so the dish I'll be presenting today is
going to be a Cals liver and onions with
smashed potatoes smashed red Bliss
potatoes and
asparagus so what we'll do here it's
going to be a sauteed item so we'll get
our pans nice and hot and set that's the
first order of
business so what we got here is our Cals
livers we'll just go ahead and have that
sitting um in just a little bit of milk
and sliced garlic uh milk just a
byproduct of the actual cal um so it
kind of goes just hand in hand flavor
that with a little salt pepper werer
just to kind of give it a little
breakdown and this is just a little
flour so as you can see our pans just
right at a smoking
point so we'll throw these in give them
a real nice
sear we got this nice little Sizzle
going
on
just toss them
around what we got right here got a nice
little gold Brown sear on that we'll
just let that cook on the other side for
just a
moment where those bread at now that I
have this we kind of just a nice Sear
got it cooked up it's going to go for a
medium rare I'll come over here keep the
St clean
too so what we done here now that we
have it nice and breaded um it's almost
at its complete stage we've got it kind
of at a rare we've uh got a gas streak
right here so what I've done with this
gas streak
is caramelized a little bit of onions in
a pan I've let these caramelize uh just
through their natural sugars um in a
separate pot I have uh what we've just
added a little bit of sugar to make it
into caramel I've added a little bit of
Teragon or apple cider vinegar whatever
you have on hand and an espol and that's
going to be our finished sauce we added
that to the caramel caramelized onions
um and that's going to cook it to our
medium rare temperature right there and
that's going to be almost our finished
result