you guys is will potatoes wrong here
today I'm going to be planting some
cilantro interesting fact you might not
know that coriander and cilantro is the
same kerryanders the seeds but when it
grows it creates the cilantro so I've
been using that in salsa as well as the
gallo pinto recipe that I have and so
I've got this pot and it's filled up
with potting mix and some compost and
I'm going to put some seeds just kind of
scatter them on and then cover it with
about a half an inch of the potting mix
okay so it's pretty close to the surface
as a lot of seeds are and I'm doing this
in a container because it's getting
close to the end of August and I want to
have it close and I may put it in the
greenhouse if it gets cold too cold you
know in the fall but it's just really
nice and convenient to have it close to
your deck and if you don't have a house
or a lot of yard space or you're in a
condo or an apartment or something like
that you could grow some herbs in
containers and even inside your house so
let's I'll show you that next so I'm
just going to put the seeds down on the
soil and cover them up
so you can see the seeds here fairly big
I'm just going to spread them around I'm
not going to put them in lines and rows
or anything like that it's going to kind
of call broadcast them and I can always
thin them out later on
so you just kind of spread them out as
best you can I'm going to use the whole
thing there's not that many in here
since 30 days to maturity that's pretty
cool so yeah I'm just going to kind of
broadcast them like that and then I'm
going to cover them a little bit more
potting mix this stuff is really light
so just enough to cover the seeds
push them down a little bit
so that's pretty good and I'm going to
get my little water just to keep it
moist and I'll keep that moist every day
and I'll show you the results in the
future so hope you like that I'm looking
forward to having coriander and make in
putting that in my some my Mexican like
the gallo pinto it's a Costa Rican dish
and that's mostly where I use it right
now and you could use it in a salsa as
well and probably other scenarios so
hope you guys like that talk to you
later