hi I'm Cassie from BBC good food and I'm
going to show you how to make the
ultimate Yorkshire puddings now
whichever recipe you're using the method
is the same I've started by weighing my
flour into a large bowl and making a
well in the middle now I'm going to add
my eggs one by
one so now I'm going to start whisking
the eggs into the flour and you want to
incorporate the flour bit by bit this
way you'll make sure you don't get any
lumps in the batter so when the batter
is nice and smooth you can start adding
the milk again bit by bit and you're
looking for a consistency a little bit
thinner than double cream
here okay that looks great so you can
make the batter up to 24 hours ahead if
you want to or like me you can use it
straight away I'm just going to transfer
it back to a jug so it's easy to pour
into the tray okay so now we're ready to
heat up the oil I've got a nice deep
muffin tray here and it's really
important that you get the oil nice and
hot so that when the batter hits the oil
you create a Sizzle and this is going to
make them puff up in the oven so you
just want to Splash in each hole I'm
using some sunflower oil but you could
use vegetable
oil okay so that needs to go into a
really hot oven for at least 10
[Music]
minutes so our oil should be nice and
hot
now so I'm going to carefully but really
quickly pull the batter into the holes
and you should get a nice Sizzle as it
hits the
oil okay now you want to pop that
straight back in the oven as quickly as
possible our Yorkshire puddings have
been in the oven for about 20 25 minutes
now it's really important that you don't
open the oven door for the first 15 to
20 minutes because you're lose all the
hot air and the Yorkshire puddings will
sink so there you go that's how to make
ultimate Yorkshire puddings by BBC good
food