today I'm going to show you how to get
rid of earwax with hydrogen peroxide
hydrogen peroxide provides an effective
method of softening earwax blocking the
ear canal earwax is necessary to protect
the skin of the ear canal and trap
bacteria and dust but sometimes too much
wax is produced the extra wax can harden
in the ear canal and block the ear
making it difficult to hear using
hydrogen peroxide allows ear wax to
gradually soften permitting removal by
an irrigation method step 1 lie on your
side with the ear you are treating
facing the ceiling if it is difficult
for you to reach your ear this way then
ask a friend or family member to put the
drops in your ear step 2 place five to
ten drops of hydrogen peroxide in your
ear with an eyedropper put the drops in
the ear one at a time it is recommended
placing drops in the ear until you see
that the drops fill the ear canal step
three remain on your side for at least
five minutes staying on your side for
five minutes allows sufficient time for
the hydrogen peroxide to penetrate the
wax step four use a tissue to wipe away
any drops that flow from your ears when
you sit up put drops in your ear each
day for five days
step 5 flush the softened wax out of the
year after the fifth day fill a rubber
bulb syringe with warm water and squeeze
the bulb to force water into the ear the
force of the water should break up the
softened wax and allow it to flow from
the ear step 6
repeat the drops and irrigation
procedure if you don't notice any wax
flowing from the ear you may need to
repeat the process several times if the
wax is very thick or hard here are a few
warnings you should heed softening
agents like hydrogen peroxide may only
loosen the outer layer of the wax and
cause it to move deeper in
the ear canal or against the eardrum if
your symptoms don't improve after
several treatments call your doctor
he may be able to remove earwax with
suction or with an ear scoop tool also
don't use irrigation to remove wax if
you suspect that you have eardrum
damaged if you use an irrigation system
on a ruptured eardrum this may cause an
ear infection or injury to the inner ear
one final tip is to be sure you dry the
ear completely after using hydrogen
peroxide drops so you can either place a
few drops of alcohol in the ear to speed
drying or drying the ear by using a
hairdryer on the low setting
so just to recap on what you'll need
you'll need hydrogen peroxide an
eyedropper or equivalent tissues rubber
bulb syringe or equivalent alcohol or a
hairdryer of course there are other ways
to clear earwax from your ears but I
wouldn't recommend this finally if you
enjoyed watching this video then please
share it with your friends and family
especially if they've got earwax
problems thanks for watching and bye for
now
you