to make caramelized onions cut off the
ends of the onions then cut them in half
and peel now remove the core and slice
the onion vertically from the core to
the opposite end for more stability lay
this part down to slice it slice the
onions rather thinly like this preheat a
large heavy bottomed pan over high heat
then add the oil and onions
cover the onions to help bring out some
of their moisture after about five
minutes uncover add the salt and stir
leave uncovered and reduce the heat to
medium-low the lower heat gives the
onions time to soften and cook before
they start to caramelize continue to
stir the onions from time to time so
they Brown evenly this will take about
45 minutes to an hour so be patient
because the end result is well worth it
that is why this recipe calls for 12
cups because once they are fully
caramelized they will have reduced down
to only about 2 cups and any leftovers
will keep for quite some time in the
refrigerator if the onions start to
brown unevenly you can add a little bit
of water
this will help even out the color
you can see the onions have already
reduced considerably as they start to
caramelize you will need to stir more
frequently also make sure to get around
the edges as the onions cook down they
will become much sweeter and turn a
beautiful golden color
when done they will sort of melt into
each other and be a rich brown color
caramelized onions are delicious on
sandwiches pizzas or serve with grilled
meats but no matter how you serve them
you won't be disappointed
you