[Music]
well big little RQ we're in the kitchen
here big Lou's house bienvenidos a la
cocina de la casa de l'Ouest grande or I
can say it in French maybe our French
accents not too great but I'm trying to
fit you in Bienvenue I like to see they
miss so they'll do we grow fridge axes
that too well new year's resolution 2017
learn French but you know what when
you're doing a cooking video and you
speak in some foreign European accent
sounds good when people are cooking in
Spanish accents and Italian accents and
French accents so thought I'd try a
little bit of Spanish to French look I'm
going to tell you today about my pole
vote that boy a bobble that's Spanish
for chicken and turkey dust but it's got
that alliteration in Spanish this is
good stuff y'all my grandfather used to
make this way back in the 70s when I was
growing up he loved to smoke turkeys he
had one of those Weber Smokey Mountain
love smoked turkeys and he would use
this when he smoked turkeys this was
basically his recipe now a lot of times
you'll see people who it those little
bitty glass cups and they show you how
to mix up poultry ribs or pork rubs or
something like this is enough for one
cook oh that's my dog Waldo in the
background just forget about Waldo now
um Wow Waldo all right got another dog
named Jake he says Lane here on the
floor he's behaving all right what you
gonna do if you don't get a big thing of
salt whoa punch you throw that the host
brother nice Bubba didn't know you'll
get you a big old peanut butter jar like
when these a big 2 quart peanut butter
jars the last minute my jars what you
haven't seen a peanut butter in a glass
jar Louisiana brand peanut butter
Louisiana brand peanut butter yeah you
hadn't seen that since the Nixon
administration we had astronauts walking
on the moon yeah it's the same jar my
grandpa used to mix this stuff up in
what I'm gonna do is give you the recipe
a slide at the end of this video and all
you've got to do all you got to do is
just take a screenshot and print it or
get you a pens and paper and write it
down and then you're gonna pour a big
thing of salt into here and you're gonna
get one of these little shot glasses
with the marks on it and it's gonna be
announces okay and if you don't have how
one of these little shot glasses you can
use measuring spoons one ounce equals 2
tablespoons all right and you just dump
the stuff in there big glass jar and you
shake rattle and roll and you've got
this poultry rub it's great for smoked
turkeys fried turkeys and I use it on
just about every time I'm cooking
chicken with the skin on it if I'm
barbecuing chicken if I'm spatchcocking
a chicken if I've got a can shoved up
the chicken's butt and then got it
roasting on the grill whatever I like to
use this repulser stuff it's a good
stuff check it out here comes a slide
print it out make you some pulse rub
keep it in the cabinet and then you
don't have to make it up every time you
cook in a chicken or turkey bigger
barbecue
you