each pie is a southern classic but it
can be hard to find good peaches outside
of the south or at certain times of the
year
that's where frozen peaches come in by
using store-bought frozen peaches you
can make the southern classic anywhere
anytime let's get started as you can see
this recipe is pretty simple because it
doesn't have a ton of ingredients for
the crust you could either use your own
recipe use my recipe I'll leave a link
below or you could even use a
store-bought crust the first step is to
put the bottom crust into the pie plate
prick a few holes and then part bake it
at 350 for 5 minutes to ensure that the
bottom doesn't turn out soggy but I'm
not gonna lie I almost messed up my own
recipe so I'm gonna show you what I did
just in case you make the same mistake
before I put it into the oven I forgot
to prick it with a fork and I realized
like four minutes into the car baking
time so I took it out of the oven and I
grabbed a fork and I went around like
that and I put it back in for another
minute
honestly I think it's gonna be okay -
like I said honestly it's gonna be ok
really didn't rise up that much in
places where I did rise up a bit I just
went around with my finger pressed it
down so sometimes you forget small
details when you're cooking and you have
to think on your feet if you want to
save the dish honestly like I said this
isn't a critical thing but sometimes you
have to improvise and out for the
filling here I have my bag of peaches
totally thawed when I touch them they're
maybe a little bit cooler in room
temperature but they are not hard
they're not frozen to this I'm going to
add the white sugar the brown sugar the
salt and the cinnamon
and the cornstarch I have to do mix the
filling together let it sit for I'll say
10 minutes to make sure it combines and
then put it into the pie shell put the
top on it and then put it into the oven
a lot of times peach pie has a lot of
spices in its and then that make things
like that that's okay but honestly
sometimes I feel like less is more is
definitely true and I feel like just a
little touch of cinnamon and a little
touch of brown sugar it's perfect for
this peach pie so now the peaches are in
the pie shell all I did just scrape this
much as I could and then I took a spoon
just spread out the peaches a little bit
more uniformly now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to put on the top crust
however you roll this out between two
pieces of waxed paper and like they say
it's all in the wrist
I want to flip this over on top this get
it as centered as I can
and just peel it off there we go
I highly recommend rolling your pie
crust between two pieces of wax paper
arrange it a little bit remember to cut
some slits I think this is more
important than pricking the bottom
because if you don't cut slits then the
steam from inside it will make the top
crust rise and it's going to create a
hole underneath here and I mean you'll
still be able to eat it but it's not
going to be very aesthetic but I like to
do is I like to use a ruler and I like
to find the middle of the pie nine inch
diameter so the middle would be it four
and a half and I think it's really
pretty to cut this pie into eight slices
so I imagine cutting it in half and then
Ryo cut a slice I'll take my knife to
cut some slits and then I'll imagine
cutting it in half again and now it's in
fourths
I will cut the fourths a half too
I think this looks pretty but do not
feel obligated to do this looks pretty
ok the slips have been cut and now for
the secret ingredient here in this ball
I have one tablespoon of light brown
sugar and 1 tablespoon of white sugar
it's going to mix them together and then
I'm going to sprinkle this over the top
of the pie has a little bit of crunch a
little bit of sweetness sugar
caramelizes a little bit enough and it's
really really nice actually people have
asked me if this is cinnamon or cinnamon
sugar I think you could use cinnamon
sugar but honestly I use this as a
topping for all of my fruit pies my
cherry pie apple pie everything and
everyone says it's really good
a lot of people don't know what it is
they asked me if I know what you put on
top of that so this is my secret I
almost forgot I wanted to do a somewhat
decorative border I'm just gonna go
around my fingers and crimp the edge a
bit honestly though at this point it is
midnight I'm ready for this to go into
the oven and to get this done
they're ready one more tip be sure to
put your pie on a baking sheet or in
this case a pizza pan line with foil
just in case it boils over you don't
want to have to clean up the inside of
your oven especially not at 1:00 or 2:00
in the morning
so it just came out of the oven it was
in it 350 for 45 minutes it's going to
be delicious tomorrow no doubt in my
mind and now the first slice of peach
pie
[Music]
[Music]
first slice is always the hardest
there we go peach pie not runny at all
if you like peach pie it's impossible
not to like this the peach flavor isn't
masked by a ton of spices and it's just
the right amount of sugar it should be
sweet enough to eat on its own but also
not too sweet if you eat it with ice
cream also peach pie has a tendency to
be runny the mine is not runny at all
I'm not gonna lie
aesthetically speaking I think my peach
pie is one of the best peach pies I've
ever seen thanks for watching please be
sure to LIKE share comment and subscribe
see you next time