so today we're going to show you how to
hand sew a flat button mark the position
of your button on your garment by
matching up your center front and the
buttonholes
you want a really durable and strong
thread like coats jeweled you txp hold
the end of the thread firmly snip for a
sharp cut thread through the eye pull
through leaving two tails one shorter
than the other this would ensure you
work snag free rest your thumb on your
forefinger take the long cut end
lay it on your thumb forming a loop and
then wrap that thread around the needle
twice
slide that wrapped bit under your thumb
without letting go of the original pinch
pull your needle be determined
and then you'll feel and not form
you are ready to start
pass the needle up from the wrong side
through the center of the cross all the
way until you feel the resistance of the
knot
from the right side make a small
backstitch on the spot just to secure
the knot this will strengthen it up take
the to hole button and line the holes up
where the thread is create a slight
shank by sliding it over a fraction with
this thumb and tilt the button upwards
and then start by sewing the loop in two
stages pass a thread up through the hole
don't pull the thread tight so you have
some height
and then pass the thread down back
through the button
again don't pull tight and then on the
underneath create a little backstitch
and that's the first of the loop that
will hold the button on keep your left
hand fixed continue to loop around the
button up through
that's linked to that sleep three you
only need about three or four for a
shirt when you finish lay the needle
down and with the remaining thread wrap
around the button quite tightly this
neat ins up the stitching and
strengthens the shank come out to the
first position and now pass the needle
underneath the shank or stalk and all
the way to the wrong side you can see
how all the stitches are neatly in the
same area
to finish do a couple of stitches on the
spot to secure the button form
underneath with the loops not and snip
the thread