[Music]
hi welcome back to our about nature this
is a really quick video about how to
make a 15 minute maybe 20 minute
bug hotel or insect habitat solitary bee
habitat why we like to call them because
that's what we'll use them except a few
spiders and some parasitic wasps and
bees at the end of the season so there
it is doesn't look really nice to see
it's on its side at the moment but it
will be laid flat once the glue dries
I'll show you that in a minute
three basic materials bit bamboo bit of
all plastic PVC pipe and an old scrap of
wood and that is it and this will work
and bees if you put it in the right
place in near the right vegetation and
stuff like that it will work and bees
will come to it so how did I do it so
I've got loads of this old pipe it's
laying around you can find it in tip in
a tip or a rubbish or garbage truck you
know you know what you call them in
America we call them skips but like a
dumpster that's it I don't if you can
find them there you can see I've cut the
top off at an angle with one side being
about an inch higher than the other and
that bits gonna go at the top and you
can see here there is there and that's
because the rains gonna hit this side
and hopefully trick around or go off the
whole thing is going to be slanted
tightly slightly as well that way
actually so there will be a natural
runoff to so that the whole length of
copper of the PVC pipe needs to be an
inch longer than the bamboo you're
cutting now the bamboo is probably going
to be the bit that takes the longest
bamboos hideous to count in the absence
of a bandsaw which are fantastic I've
never bought myself a bandsaw because I
don't trust myself and my dad's a
carpenter old school carpenter and he's
told me some horror stories I don't do
it and the way I cut bamboos to get some
cable ties get a bunch of bamboo tighten
it right up put it in a vise or with
some grips here and then sawed off a
bunch
time alternately alternatively sorry
I'll show this other method now this is
this is I wouldn't suggest doing this
unless you're really comfortable with it
if you've got the odd one or two bits
that you need to cut then place a couple
of bits of wood together and clamp them
down mark your bamboo keep your fingers
away and being really careful this is a
really quick way simple that's a you try
if you try and cut a single bit of
bamboo the other way by sawing it it
will just go everywhere it's a nightmare
whereas doing it like that really quick
so the chopping the PVC pipe is a minute
chopping the bamboo you know maybe ten
minutes you've then got the square of
wood which is another couple of minutes
and then what you do is put the member
bamboo inside the PVC pipe and tap it
all down with a hammer so that obviously
put the pipe on something flat first tap
it all down nice and tight make sure
you've you've got no no loose bamboo in
there first tap it all down so that it's
all flat with the the bottom of the pipe
on the surface that you're using and
then with the piece of wood which is
actually the back cover that in glue
them put the pipe on first market round
take it off cover it in glue put the
pipe on and let it dry so although all
those bits of bamboo are gonna be well
fixed in there the reason for that is
bamboo like any wood flexes over time it
warps and changes so and because of the
tilt downwards on this it will slowly
fall out with a bit of wood glue
that's all I'm using bit of wood glue
that will stay in for years and that's
it if I just turn it as it's going to
look hopefully it won't come apart it's
it's almost dry there we go
you can see there that natural tilt
downwards and that's it all done it's
not the prettiest thing ever
but that's going to be effective
especially for leaf cutters which is
what this is designed for most bamboo
won't appeal to
to some kind of red Basin B's really
because the holes are a little bit
bigger and leafcutters from experience
always prefer it so you'll place this in
an easterly position so when the Sun
where the sun's coming up because that's
what leafcutters preferring my
experience a dappled sunlight it's not
bad nice sheltered location no wind and
near rose bushes or some other bushes
that leafcutters like I know they love
cutting rose bushes to make the inside
of their tubes they're like sick if you
imagine a cigar in these holes that's
what essentially they're building in
there with lots of individual chambers
and they love rose petals not rose
petals rose bush leaves to cut that from
and you'll often see perfect circles in
rose bush leaves and that's leaf cutter
bees doing that so it's really
predominately for them but how quick is
that I made this in literally about 14
minutes so it's a really simple design
it recycles everything and it's
effective and there you go I hope you
enjoyed that like and subscribe and
watch my other videos trying to get this
channel up to a thousand views and 4,000
hours in the last 12 months so I can
start raising money for the world land
trust to save rainforest which is where
the money goes so anything you can do to
help that is greatly appreciated Cheers
[Music]
[Music]