welcome to the garma gadgetry creative
kitchen today we're going to be
introducing you to the hip hop beaker
from our signature gadget Ridge this K
probably occur and it's a very popular
product it bakes twelve perfectly formed
this will keep pops in a matter of
minutes so start with foot we're simply
going to take a clean machine plug it in
to turn it on and if you indicator
lights the red and green light on top of
turned on and showing me that they keep
the machine is heating up we're gonna
leave that for a few minutes once the
green indicator lights turned off it's
ready to use so what we've done today is
we've taken a standard vanilla cake pot
mix
we've refined this mix to make it work
perfectly with the gormogons UK pop
maker to make the balls mess around it
but also of our deep enough consistency
to allow the cake pops that makes on a
stick so what our cake pops essentially
they are both kick with this machine it
allows you to me twelve bowls and then
literally fearless so once you once the
balls have been cooked and then you lay
them to cool you take them and pop them
and lots of stuff ready for dip lifting
and today we're going to be definitely
lump in the raw egg allergy chocolate
which will show you lies a bit later and
the machine itself and its really really
lightweight it comes a nice small box so
it's very easy to store your kitchen and
it also comes with our irrigate and the
user guide you have perfect instructions
for step by step and quite some how to
use machine as well as a couple of nice
recipe ideas and a topping suggestions
you can also find extra recipes and
ideas on the gourmet guide of shape
websites
so once the machines into duck all we do
is tip a little bit
spray just to protect the nonstick on
the top bottom plates then I'm gonna
take the mixture and all you need is how
much Lily a teaspoon fill so we're gonna
pop a little bit of mixture into each of
the cavities working quite quickly
because you have to remember that the
plates are very hot from below and above
the Machine you can use any different
flavors you also get a recipe for
chocolate cake pops in the instruction
manual we've been having fun recently as
well with some savory options such as
thanks a box or onion bhajis so once the
mixture is in like so this tip machine
and close it and individual experts show
you what it's ready okay so we've left
the machine for literally between the
three and four minutes you can't open
the machine at any point to check with
your cake pops and okay so about four
minutes and as you can see the cake pops
are done and what you're left with is
twelve perfectly formed little cake pops
so it's her machine off you simply
unplug it from the wall socket leave the
machine to cool for about three or four
minutes does not spread your fingers
because the police do get very very hot
use a plastic or Whitman spatula again
to protect the nonstick with the cake
pops will literally pop out of the base
the nonstick is absolutely fantastic you
really can't go wrong with this machine
so what I'm doing is removing them out
of the machine and we'll leave them to
cool for about four to five minutes
before it would begin to separate
you can once they're cool to pop them in
the fridge and by doing this will help
them to curate diamonds so that any
topping will stick to them properly so
that's it as you can see with Maschine
you're left with it really clean never
to use and it's ready for the next batch
right now but once it said once you
finish cooking with it you'll actually
turn it off can I wait down with a soft
cloth and that's like cleaning it to be
packed doing okay so what we're going to
do now is leave these to cool for about
five minutes and then put it to decorate
okay so the clay pots have been last
night for about five minutes and wanted
to be are cool to the touch there is
definitely so there's lots of loose that
you can decorate them and unfavourably
is putting them in chocolate which ones
do today but you can use what's
different place of ice thing or a little
candy melts so the glory vanity
chocolate has been melted in the
microwave and we've done that been
literally placing the buttons into our
microwavable ball popping it into the
microwave for about a minute giving it a
mix and then putting it back in again
and the consistency of this chocolate is
absolutely perfect for cutting the cake
pops get a nice even finish this
chocolate is also used in lots of other
types of became making hot chocolates
and it's also fantastic for a reduced
with the chocolate fountain it's a
luxury Belgian chocolate chocolate in
three and it's for vegetarians so one
nut bag of this size is enough to coat
50k pops so you literally take UK pop
pop one a little sticks inside dip it
into the chocolate making sure you get a
nice even cool thing and you can see
there it's coated the cake pop
absolutely perfectly
now I'm going to have a little tap on
the side just to get rid of any excess
chocolate and just roll it to make sure
you capture any drips now tell the
particular tone and we've got a kick box
found here if you don't have a stand at
home you can use and a whisk this from
your local florist or you can also use
an upside-down male and or pineapple
concert website coil so once you've got
rid of all the drips just take your
favorite topping just slowly okay pop
rains making sure it's of course evenly
like so
and there you have it the executive kpop