what's up YouTube it's your boy tits
here and this is a little tutorial for
the siren hard mode
playthrough for
survivability and uh chain phase
locks and uh increase damage more in
like more with the face locks I guess
you could say uh in the last playthrough
you know it was really easy I did a full
tree
of cataclysm it was a lot of
fun and um you know a lot of Elemental
effectss and whatnot this one here is
really really nice um I think it get you
up to like plus 50% or something gun
damage to enemies that have over 50
Health you know and the thing is you got
to remember is like if you slag an enemy
you know you don't want
to um you don't want to use a gun keep
if you keep using a gun with slag while
they're slagged you you're going to do
decreased damage so you know if you're
playing cop it's best as one person has
a slag gun to slag them and then you
guys can use other Elemental or a
regular gun or whatnot I use explosive
blast a lot explosive blast seem to work
um mostly was shotguns the best I used
it a lot and sometimes you know I'd slag
on my own and
whatnot but when I got this tree I
started to get this filled in you know I
was doing all the elements on them when
I had them in phase
lock like this here this here you know
and then the rest of my team could just
tear it up and so could I and then I
switched over to like most of that tree
and uh let's see some of this tree here
getting a little gun more gun damage and
whatnot and here's the new here's the
new tree it works really well for um
survivability so Shield health whatnot
supporting your teammates and everything
so I start off in har
harmony five and sweet
release um so when you kill them in phas
lock it's going to make life orbs as you
can see that's going to help heal your
teammates in
you um while you phase lock and you're
I'm going to do 30% more damage and 50%
more fire rate and that is part of the
whole combo I'm trying to do where I'm
trying to get him killed in phase lock
as quick as
possible and then these two here are
back on
life um I'm going to put more in this
and a few
levels which will regenerate 5% of the
health per second and they're probably
going to be up in there about 10 seconds
phase lock so my guy me and my guys are
going to be getting like 50% of the
health back while I'm having stuff phase
locked and then this is great right here
you know cuz hard Mode's a lot harder
more difficult and whatnot
so when uh my action skills off cool
down the phase lock I can pop it on a a
buddy and instantly bring them out of
second
chance and moving on to this
tree and uh and what I and and when you
start the hard mode what what I would do
first is here here just a couple in here
and one in here and then move over
here put five in here 25% extra shield
capacity 40% recharge delay bringing it
down um five in here and five in here
here skip this line don't really need
these skills they're not that great they
don't really go with the combo either
I'm doing so increase the duration phase
lock and then this here just helps you
stay alive after kill an enemy you gain
the ability to collect bullets
um which it's 100% ability you know
lasts for a short time but you know once
you kill another enemy you'll have it
all over
again and uh see it's 100% deflection
chance damage reduction 50% deflected
bullet damage 100% it's really nice and
then here's the kicker right here um
this plays in with the
combo increase the cooldown rate of your
phase loog ability so plus 30% so it'll
get that it'll um you know let me use my
phase lock quicker it'll cool down
faster and then this is what you want to
get up
to um five when this is up to five
you're going to have 100% chance to
phase lock another tget so the way it
works is when I put an enemy in phas
Lock and then I kill him it's going to
seek out
another enemy and phase lock them and
the phase lock the purple ball you'll
actually see it traveling around looking
for an enemy so it's easy to follow
it and um the stronger you are the more
powerful you and your buddies it'll make
it easier to do this because you really
want because you got to be able to kill
them while they're in the phase
lock and uh you know if your buddies
know to help kill anything you put in
phase lock quick this will work you know
like if they're on another enemy they
can switch over to what you put in phase
lock you know it works best that way and
the way the combo Works basically you
know is you got your survivability going
you know um you're giving Health out
you're regenerating Health you're doing
more damage while you know you have an
enemy phas locked and
um also the face Lock's going to last
longer and and cool down
faster and then basically sweetest part
about it is like me and my friends were
trying
it it's only 40% now but I got it I had
it to go to three different targets so
three different times you know but it's
only 40% when it's at
100% I'm going to throw an enemy up in
phas loock we're all going to be getting
health I'm going to be doing more damage
of
course and um we're g to kill you know
we'll kill an enemy in phas lock
it's going to travel to another person
and everything's going to happen all
over again all my Budd is going to be
regenerating Health um and the life orbs
are going to come out which you know is
going to give them a good bit of Health
too so basically you know theoretically
if you could kill everything over and
over in phas
loock with 100 100% chance for it to
travel another
person it's just going to go from one
enemy to another and basically all of
you could just keep full health and just
kill one after another after another
after another and it's fine you know
you're you know you're taking a little
damage while you know you're killing
stuff in phase lock because you know
you're going to be getting that Health
back every time it travels it starts a
new guy so this is the key this is just
the sweetest skill right here and then
this one right
here um it's not it's just causes enemy
to turn on each other it's an alteration
so it's not as big of a deal I'm not
going to worry about putting points on
that so after this is leveled out five
I'm going to go back over here and get
this up to
five um for the
5% regenerate for all of us and then
move down to
here um where I constantly where you
constantly regenerate health and the
lower your health the more powerful it
is so in level one you know it's 0.4 a
second so I'm not sure how high that'll
go and uh I think I'm level 40 so if
there's three in here means I got seven
left three more in here that's four
left so you could play around with it
maybe you could just put maybe you could
just leave this two or three points in
here and then put a couple points in
here and then end your two or three
points in this one because this one
sucks so just end two or three points in
this one life tap so every time I kill
an enemy it causes me to steal Health
from any enemy I
damage so
you know I might not even do this one I
might just do this one because with when
I'm doing my chain
reactions combo with a phase lock from
one God or
another um every time we kill the one in
the phase lock if I'm putting points in
this
one I'm going to be stealing you know
1.2% Health from them as I'm damaging
them and uh I'm doing more damage while
in phas lock it's just a combo that
really works well together and I'm not
sure how high this will be ranking up
man but if I'm getting 5% Health as I'm
killing them and it's going phas lock to
phas lock man it's like I'm going to be
staying a full health all my buddies are
it just works out great so I mean this
is still a decent damage you know it's a
really decent damage build but it's all
around like just a great combo build for
keeping health and a good defense and
you're actually still doing you know a
lot of damage considering how much more
damage you're doing while they're in
phas Lock And the fact that you're just
phase locked phase locking left to right
and you could pretty much you know phas
lock pretty much you know almost
everything in the game which is really
nice so that's it that's uh that's kind
of my little
combo uh dual tree that uh I kind of I
guess came up with uh for hard mode and
that's what I'm working with and so far
it's working out really nice three more
points in this and this is going to be
sick so just wanted to show that guys to
you real quick let me know what you
think and uh let me let me know out of
the three trees
any ideas or any combos or any anything
you came up with the comment section let
me let me know anything cool you guys
came up with for the
sign all right catch you guys later hope
you enjoyed please comment like
subscribe and yeah I'm going to go play
peace