hey everybody I'm miss Piz and today I'm
going to be showing everybody how it is
that you make citric ambrosia now first
of all we should probably talk about
what it even is so I have a drink here
in my inventory there it is you gain 50%
experience point bonus from all sources
for 30 minutes now this is really
important that it's a drink it is not a
potion it's a drink one thing to know
that you can still have your regular
food or drink on top of having this
going as well because it is considered a
drink any extra passes you have under
your provisioning such as creating three
extra servings whenever crafting a drink
or adding us 20 minutes to the duration
of any drink consumed also apply to this
so it actually works out pretty nicely
that you have almost a full hour of your
XP bonus as well you can use your
regular food or drink and what I'm going
to be showing is actually how you get
the recipe how you put the recipe
together and learn it and that way this
will come in handy so that when those
rare ingredients you realize they're
hard to find
don't worry you only need one set and
you'll make four potions so first of all
how do I get the recipe well it actually
comes in seven different fragments
they're considered a trophy see you need
all seven fragments in order to make the
recipe how do you get the fragments you
do provisioning Ritz so you go up to a
rip board you check out what it is that
you need to make oh there we go and I'm
pretty sure I have both of those in my
inventory
ooh no I do not I need the sipping Inga
tonic you'll notice that I picked up by
crafting RIT in Craig Lord this is
because my character has max crafting
passives in provisioning as well she's a
veteran level character the higher the
level of provisioning rent the higher
the chance it is that you get fragments
so when you're doing a RIT it does need
to be player crafted food and drink
something they don't exactly tell you
though is you don't have to make it so
if you don't know a recipe yet you can
actually go by player crafted items from
guild stores and turn them in for writs
if you do know the recipes you can just
make some now you have to go turn in
you're rich and that's where you have a
chance to find a fragment
here you go so I have all this items I
need for my provisioning writ so I'm
going to hand it in place the goods
within the crate and take my
provisioning pack when you open this
provisioners pack there's a small chance
that you can find one of the experienced
drink fragments inside of it you'll see
that we weren't that lucky today but I
have been lucky before so I actually do
have all seven fragments
once you have all seven fragments which
can also be purchased from guild stores
if you have the add-on that allows you
to search for trophies as well you can
trade with other players if you get
duplicates or just buy straight up from
another player those are all possible
ways to get these fragments now what do
you do to actually get the whole recipe
well let me show you you actually open
up your quick slots and the recipe
fragments will be able to go on to a
quick slot so just pick any recipe
fragment put it on your quick slot now
I'm going to exit out I'm going to go to
my quick slot wheel and select that
fragment now I'm just going to hit my
quick slot key
tada
now if we go into my inventory you will
see that I have a new recipe I just took
all those seven fragments which as you
can see are now gone and created the
actual recipe now this recipe you can
also sell or trade with other players
but kind of the whole point of finding
it is so that you can make it yourself
so let's learn it I learnt it so I'm
going to head to a cooking fire until
you actually how you make it it's all
the way down in delicates now what you
need to craft this recipe is the two
rare purple ingredients there's one for
food one for drink you can only get
these via the hireling and by doing
those provisioning rates the next new
ingredient you need is perfect Roe
currently this is the only recipe that
perfect Roe is used for and you actually
get perfect grow from fishing when you
skin a whitefish you have a small chance
of obtaining perfect Roe so we're going
to craft our very first citric ambrosia
drinks there we go and as you can see
because I have all my passives maxed out
actually crafted for even though I only
used one of each item in my inventory so
there you go that's how you craft those
and I hope you have a good time doing
provisioning Ritz finding those
fragments and then watching that cool
animation as you finally get to create
the recipe thanks for joining me
you