hello everyone the herbal chef is here
to show you how to properly flambe at
the end of the preparation of your main
entree the key inform baying
is to make sure that you have your
alcohol ready not in the full container
because a can catch fire if not executed
properly what you want to do is as you
near the end cycle of not what you wish
to flambe take your excess oils from the
dish transfer them into a separate
container that way you don't have any
oil spilling while you're processing the
flambe bring the oil off
wipe the side now you have a dry surface
and you have plenty of heat you still
have the flavor which is what you're
going to use the glaze the technique
required requires a fast ten and one in
which you bring the heat up to a very
high level at least halfway so that is
sizzling and then you can catch fire in
order to burn off the alcohol turn the
heat up and as you prepare to flambe
what you wish to do is take it off of
the heat source just as soon as you're
going to have the alcohol before you
ignite the flame what that will do is if
anything should decide to catch fire
you'll have complete control of it in
order to contain the flame now as the
pan heats up take it off pour it in and
ignite mix it around so in order to burn
the alcohol up constantly moving and you
do not need to have the pan on the flame
keep away from products or any other
meltable products as you continue your
flambe as soon as the alcohol burns off
the flame will disappear and you will
have a delicious sauce left over which
you can further reduce if you care to or
add a little bit of butter and then you
have a velvety smooth ready to consume
beautiful dish that ladies and gentlemen
is how to properly flambe