it's a beauty and the sight to behold
poinsettias as far as I can see the
plant first came into TNT in the 1980s
from Mexico and other North American
countries where climatic conditions were
cool and ideal for the plants to grow
and flourish after much trial and error
the plants also started blossoming in
TNT and are seen in abundance especially
at Christmas time many householders
rushed to plant shops to ensure that
they have one or more of the festive
plants to add to the beauty of their
homes manager of undercover nurseries
Philip Thompson explains how you can
help the plants grow and last for more
than one Christmas if you want to grow
it on treat it with fertilizer prune it
treat it with fertilizer until about
October and then you would have to
remove it from getting any artificial
light at all from then on and so
although the prices have been increasing
he says sales are blooming we can't
complain about how sales have been
considering the economy
Mr Thompson explains that technology at
his Nursery has advanced and they now
produce a variety of colors and there
are different colors the traditional
color is the red but we also grow the
white ones and the pink ones and ones
with stripes the Jingle Bells little
spots and if you're one of the late
Shoppers well we can tell you upon
Seattle will cost upwards of seventy
dollars for CNC3 I am Otto Carrington