we're building a vehicular
slip-and-slide the test can you actually
get traction and a half inch of disco
what are we doing then you actually get
a proper last show with absolutely no
calculations involved and today we have
this 650 horsepower neo soil hoonigan RS
rx Sport focus does 0 to 60 in about 1.8
seconds and today we're going to test
how good it is alpha take
something way too professional for the
amount of science we're about to do and
we have this guy Steve Arvind who
actually knows how to drive this thing
because again something way too
professional shirts that like wick sweat
doesn't make you any better than us and
what we're going to do is we're gonna
make Steve our burn who awful a
semi-professional launch this thing in
that AB little bath we've made of Dawn
dish soap but we want to do is these
things are so hard from a dig so we want
to see what you can do to make it not be
so aggressive from a launch how much
breathing actually have it digs on dirt
it digs which is what normally snow its
pigs on snow I mean they'll take on
everything wet dry wet tarmac but can
you actually get a proper launch in an
inch of dish soap because dish soap if
you don't know like we already tested
bleach and it didn't make anything
better but the one thing that always
makes burnouts better is dish stuff
because it's just super like slicks and
say it's what you're used for slip and
slides hence why we painted this yellow
hopefully you don't slip and slide into
the building the dumpster or nads when
we get off the slip and slide with the
dish so follow the asthma did you tell
your crew you were doing this I sent our
main guy attacks a little bit ago
is he gonna be pumped at when this thing
gets power washed on the bottom it is
gonna be screaming first thing we're
gonna do is gonna be test a right which
will be our control group test and
that's just gonna be a launch on that
surface yeah yeah and we're gonna time
it till we're basically gonna back it
all the way up to the end of that flip
and slide and the minute he hits the 2x4
that's causing the nice exit right here
that'll be our time and then we'll fill
it with Don and do it again do you think
control group and slip and slide has
ever been used in the same sentence
before probably the people who meet and
realize that all it does is create like
watermelon sized bruises on your body
how much slower you think it's gonna
it's gonna slow you down definitely
don't think it's gonna speed me up well
thanks I think we all I think everyone
home figured that one out I think we're
just gonna sit there and spin it up no I
think you're gonna grip I think it'll
take 60 I just want to point out these
are warm because this guy may have
already done some donuts on the lot
today so we're starting with a nice warm
surface I'm going with 60% 60% reduction
in time for those who you are do
percentages okay
60% that's that's heavy just slow down
hang it go nowhere please gonna stand
that it's just humming
oh here's ago it's gonna stand ears can
you get through before you get to the
end cuz on a launch you wouldn't be
hitting second till you pass that right
first brings you to what in this Dakar
40 mile an hour priority for our second
would take you from 65 oh what's going
fit here fifth gear wow that's big gear
60% reduction in time 60% and adds you
got something honda no one cares anyway
Brad what you got this direction I'm
thinking it's just gonna sit still I
don't even know what's open there I
think once it'll clean the soap out of
the way it's gonna get traction I'm
gonna be around we're Vinny's at which
is like 60% so like Price is Right 61%
[Music]
all right that's our line
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
1.3 seconds is 1.3 seconds 1.3 seconds
to the edge 60% so 2.2.1 seconds would
be in the soap sounds
[Music]
like its liquid it does it on its own
[Music]
do that he's mine
are we ready
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
for point nine point nine originally was
1.3 1.3 4.9 Wow
all right so now how many gears can you
pull I think you could probably get all
the way through all right
sketchy about that at all all right here
we go
how many gears can you pull but I've got
this crank
oh really it's like forwent
[Music]
yeah
[Applause]
six here nuts
I guess this thing has no traction it so
I don't know what we proved today but it
was fun
grabbing gears increased your time comes
faster
you want to try to go and play night
with the last night
you launched it wrong
learn something I think you should go
Full Tilt launch like it's dry surface
and see what that does
I let you have some fun
Oh God
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
you suck dude
thank you very much all right now come
to my world buddy and you have a seat
bro I have no see okay that's rapid up
now I've no see are you just like
expensive race electronics and I think
like five
so give us a scientific wrap-up of what
we learned today
[Music]
[Laughter]
but for this that definitely slows down
your car a lot
or not without this so three and three
ready no I would say I win I said to do
the math it's no more yeah anyway so
we're all wrong and we found out what a
rally car can't successfully launch man
and we have under the six movie LG got
they should not sit in the car while
doing gonna know you just shouldn't sit
in a car with those seats in general
[Music]
are you really doing money good food
broom we come to 1552 because they let
us do whatever the hell we want in their
yard but at least we pay it back