if there are no sounds check to make
sure the power cord is still plugged
into a grounded three prong outlet if
plugged in a simple way to check the
outlet is to use a known working lamp or
hairdryer to check to see if the outlet
is operating if the outlet is on a GFCI
outlet or shared circuit check to see if
the outlet needs to be reset next check
to see if the fuse is blown or circuit
breaker thrown in the household circuit
panel if the outlet is the problem call
an electrician was an extension cord
being used if an extension cord was used
there will be less voltage supplied to
the washer this will cause the motor to
run hot and shut down prematurely
discontinue using the extension cord if
power is supplied to the Machine check
to make sure that the cold water is
turned on and operational restart the
washer with cold water selected if no
cold water comes in check for kinked
waterline or clogged hose inlet screens
if this does not solve the problem go to
troubleshooting for it won't drain or
spin