it's simple I know that I suffering
the f i fade
away it's almost
[Music]
over hey guys um my Escape 20 here and
I'm going to show you a class guide for
the siren um I have three for to show
you today the last one's goingon to be
kind of quick um but the first two are
going to be pretty in detail um what
you're going to want to have for the
first one we're going to do an elemental
build so you're going to want to use
submachine gun and you're going to want
to use a pistol uh repeater or revolver
whichever one your choice um for siren
he's pretty fast I I um prefer a
repeater but for most classes I prefer a
revolver but uh yeah so let's see what
you can do basically why hav have why I
don't have sorry these unlocked as I've
been playing with my friend Josh and uh
I've been getting stuff like you know
that kind of shield and stuff so just
basically I'm just leveling up with him
then I'll go back and equip these guys
with weapons but what you're going to
want to do for the um Elemental class is
you're going to want to have two machine
guns and two repeaters or three machine
guns one repeater whichever one you want
to feel I mean whichever one you feel
like and you're going to want to have
like times for incinerar corrosive ones
um shock and the other one's going to be
explosive so um whichever uh whichever
how you want to divide that up that's
fine but you want to have all four in
your
class uh let's see for class mods you're
going to want to have one that goes with
that so whichever one you feeling more
electric incin whatever it doesn't
matter equipped it and yeah so now on to
the skill points
um you're going to want to do one out of
obviously so you're going to do your
first one in phas walk and for the
artifacts you're going to do your
highest one which is obviously inary for
me and so what you want to start off
with is start off with uh this tier
right now you're going to use five out
of five quick
silver um and then five out of five um
spark but you want to use spark first so
um for increase of your Elemental
Weapons obviously cuz you're using
Elemental class and fire rate with all
weapons just helps a lot your next one
you're going to do is you're going to
divide this one up that way you can get
to your final tier and you're going to
divide this between um uh resilience and
Radiance so you're going to do three out
of five in this one to have a little bit
of bulk with you and two out of five to
help with your phase walking um so then
now you've got this final one unlocked
and you're going to put in five out of
five on this Phoenix which always helps
with your your Elemental um I use this
on my guy he's
great uh let's see then the next thing
you want to do is you're going to go to
Diva which you can't go wrong with Diva
especially on any class because um a
little bit of bulk doesn't hurt anything
then you're going to go to Slayer which
is all the way on the other side which
is increase your critical hit damage um
that helps a lot on bosses I mean yeah
so then you're going to do enforcer
which is directly under it and in the
these two next one you're increasing
basically
your uh accuracy and your bullet damage
so in this one you're increasing your
accuracy and you're going to go five out
of five for bullet damage on this
one high velocity and you're going to
put the last two in int um intuition
just for a little bit of movement speed
and yeah it's basically what your class
is going to look like so let's go on to
the next
one purchase
reset
um yeah so let's get this thing started
for the next one this is going to be a
phase walking build for me you can have
anything you want on here it doesn't
even matter uh I prefer like submachine
guns and shotguns maybe just um just the
fact that you can be moving around a lot
you're going to be very fast um but it's
this is basically not built on guns
mainly built on your your character so
let's start off you're going to do um
whichever one you want obviously for me
it's going to be
inary
um yeah okay so then you're going to do
one out of one on your face walk and the
next one thing you do is going to go
five out of five on Diva cuz bulk is
never a problem then you're going to do
Inner Glow obviously because while phase
walking you generate health I when
you're five out of five you're 7% of
Health per second and phas walk lasts I
don't even know how much long but it's
it's a pretty good
amount um the next thing you're going to
want to do is do hard to get which is
right under it just decreases the cool
down so you're going to be constantly
healing yourself constantly in Phase
walk which is great then you're actually
going
to um not go here um but you're going to
go down over to Slayer no no no you're
going to go to
silent where the [ __ ] is that
um hell is
silent yeah silent resolve and you're
going to go to um
Slayer and you're going to do three out
of five on this
one uh increases your resistance to
damage for a few seconds after phase
walking which I mean you can't go wrong
with that damage reduction and then
obviously you want to increase some of
your health and basically you guys just
splitting this up to get to this next
tier because neither of these is really
that important to get five out of five
in this class but it does help to have a
little bit of both um one thing I should
mention about this class is it is very
divided very split up the other one was
very strongly made five out of five and
this one really does not come together
until you're later in levels like
68 you know 69 the last level whatever
cuz then everything will finally come
together so just remember that this one
is probably better highest level so um
you're going to do hit and run after
that which is gain increased melee
damage after um uh uh you know during
your phase walk and decreases I mean
increases
duration and then the next thing you
want to do is you're going to do three
out of five on Blackout and two out of
five on high velocity to get to the next
tier so three out of five in this one
which is killing enemy obviously
reduces and to get some extra damage
you're going to do two out of
five um
uh basically you're going to be
constantly in Phase walk so that's why
you're doing this um then you're going
to want to go to face strike which is
melee damage while faas block deals
additional you're going to Max that one
out um then you're going to go to uh
striking you going go two out of five
just for a little bit of luck then you
go to go to dramatic entrance and go
three out of five on this
one and um
let's see and then for the final one
you're going to go down to girl power
which you're going to finish off your
points so basically if you keep doing
this I would max out girl power with the
remaining points and then you can
distribute it into anywhere else you
want so yeah guys that is that class and
really quickly I'm going to go ahead and
show you something it'll take like two
seconds um I'm not going to explain the
weapons but yeah if you want a hard-
hitting class this is what me and my
friend came up with so you're going to
want to go let's see start off with that
you going of want to go to Diva then you
want to get quick silver and
Slayer all these maxed out then you're
going to go down the line right
here and then once you do that you are
going to go back over here and go to
inlow and then um let's see some girl
power and with your remaining seven
points you will have some corrosive
damage and then you will go on to
intuition so this is uh the final ending
part of the siren don't forget to follow
me on Twitter let me know what you guys
think about this what's your favorite
siren class for me mine's the elemental
the very first one I showed you but yeah
guys uh let me know what you think and
I'll see you online all right peace