what is up you guys today I'm showing
you just a I don't know I was bored and
I felt like doing this videos just how
to make fake poop you know I don't know
put fake poop on someone's bed but what
you're gonna want want peanut butter a
bowl a spoon and you're gonna want
chocolate syrup now you're gonna take
the spoon and I don't have a lot of
peanut butter so it's not gonna be a lot
of fake poop but you're gonna want at
least at least two to good uh spoonfuls
of peanut butter in there you might you
might need a knife to to get this your
peanut butter out of the bowl here
that's that should be good you're gonna
scrape all the rest of the peanut butter
in your bowl like so then you can use
your knife with our next part but take
some next quick chocolate syrup it's new
one we want to take the part off that
doesn't even let you getting out there
you go put the lid back on and then
you're going to pour it in all your
peanut butter like this you're gonna
want to like cover the peanut butter
with it so it should look
on it this I'm just kind of like that
scrape off any excess you're gonna like
this bring your fake poop over your mic
one minute
alright times up we're gonna take it out
you guys remember what it looked like
before we put it in the bowl and uh
before we put it in the microwave now
I'm sure you what it looked like after
that is raunchy
alright so now stir it up nice and good
with the pork or the spoon of the night
that you had see it's kind of like weird
that's where that rest of that chocolate
comes in you're gonna want to stir that
in there one and you're gonna scoop your
fake poop into the garbage good good now
it's in the bag now what you're gonna do
is you're gonna squeeze it like this a
little bit make sure part of the end of
the bag there's no poop in it you don't
want to close the bag so nothing you can
get out and you're gonna want to take a
pair scissors a little too big so it's
gonna be a little bigger than I thought
but you're still gonna get the effect
let me get a point directly where you
want to squirt it but I'm gonna just
like right onto a place you could see it
it's really hot it's a steamer then kind
of squeeze the rest out pecan and a
little turd over there like so and then
there's some fake dump
looks pretty good doesn't it then
basically you just you can kind of do
whatever you want with it supposed to