I'm going to show you a few techniques
on how to make perfectly decorated fairy
cakes we all know cupcakes but we're
going to bring back the old British
fairy cake so what I'm going to show you
is four different techniques using
buttercream icing and some rolled out
fondant icing if you're going to fill a
Piping Bag all you need to do is put the
Piping Bag with the nozzle into a jug
and then you can open up the Piping Bag
and you can fill it quite easily because
your hands will be free so with your
hand at the bottom using it to direct
the Piping Bag and the hands at the top
is doing the pressure to squeeze the
icing out of the bag so you want to make
sure the icing goes right up to the edge
of the case and make sure as much as
possible that the icing bag is
vertical so with even
pressure
slowly just move the icing bag around
the edge you got plenty of time so don't
rush it and then go over the top half
and then when you finish ease off on the
pressure and just pull the bag up and
you should get a lovely little peek like
that so you end up with a perfect little
fairy
cake so that's the first technique the
second one I'm going to use a chocolate
icing this is the same buttercream icing
all I've done is added in some cocoa
powder so taking another fairy
cake what I'm going to do is a rosette
pattern so again keeping the Piping Bag
quite upright and again using this lower
hand to direct the bag and again the
upper hand to squeeze so what you want
to do is push down and then ease off the
pressure and pull
away and just keep doing that around the
fairy cake move it slightly with your
hand rather than moving the Piping
Bag and then pull away as you do it and
get more practice it becomes easier and
easier and again just keep rotating
around now you can do a double layer if
you wanted
to but I am just going to do a single
layer and what we're going to do to
finish off the middle bit is just do a
big rosette in the middle so squeeze a
bit harder and then pull away
and you end up with a really little cute
different idea to the
swirl then for the third technique using
buttercream icing take another fairy
cake I just got some pink icing here
that I've made using red coloring just
add as much as you want your desired
color then get the little pallet knife
and you want to use the case to sort of
help you spread on the actual icing
itself so you just move that around I
might put a little bit more on there
good to be a little bit bit
generous and again move the case around
not your pallet
knife so you do that this is when you
rotate the case in your hand and then
use the pallet knife just to smooth it
off a little bit like
so and to cover it all and then at the
end you can just go back over it until
you are happy so there we go we got
three different ideas using buttercream
icing
the fourth technique is to use readymade
icing you just roll out between two
pieces of cling wrap like I've done here
put the icing on top then put another
piece of cling wrap on top of that and
then what you do is you roll it out to
your desired thickness and then it saves
on any mess on the work surface so I've
chosen to do black and yellow bit of a
bumblebee
theme and what you want to do is take
the fairy cake that you want to decorate
I'm going to use some cutters I've got
round ones and some star ones you just
want to make sure you've get a cutter
the right size to fit just inside the
case itself so I think I'm going to do a
black disc first of all this is great
you can get kids to help you if you get
them to roll it out they can use the
Cutters
Etc and you can help them to put it on
top now you don't need to have anything
to stick it on there so position it on
like that and then this is where you can
have lots of on you can use maybe the
star cutter with the
yellow and
again we can just position that on the
top like so and you can see how simple
it is to make a really striking design
straight away I'm going to just finish
mine off with a little round black
circle so there's a whole host of ideas
you can do with the ones I've done with
buttercream icing you can use any
toppings with we've got little chocolate
sprinkles here some color balls mini
marshmallows I think I'm going to put a
few chocolate sprinkles on there just to
Jazz that up a bit and maybe some pink
and white little marshmallows on top of
there might just put them in the center
but again have as much fun as you like
the kids love dipping into this and
sprinkling them over you see mess
everywhere that's what we
love and then you got some pretty little
ideas you've even got some sweets here
that you can buy and you can pop those
on as well so over here we've just got a
little selection of what I've done and
there we go easy is
that