hello so I recently decided to give my
you know very ancient waffle maker the
old heave-ho
I think I'd had it for probably over 20
years it moved with me everywhere I ever
went and I decided that well not only
was it not working very well but
actually it was made of Teflon and so it
was chipping and of course we all know
that that he's definitely not a good
thing
so I decided to invest in the oyster a
Belgian waffle maker and I know that it
had promised that it would cook up to 20
percent faster and you know very easy
cleanup and I've noticed that all of
that is true yeah they do buffle are
very quick so I've actually just plugged
it in I'm gonna make a waffle here - why
not but the waffles cook very quickly
it's very easy cleanup because it's
nonstick right and you know the other
big thing that I mentioned - which I was
really concerned about with my old
waffle maker of course was the Teflon
the Ostra Belgian waffle maker it has a
nonstick coating it's dura ceramic
apparently the last four times longer
than the standard nonstick coatings it
won't flake which is really important
for me giving me peace of mind when I'm
the only thing I have to worry about is
just making sure that I make the recipe
correctly right and it's safe which of
course is important when you're making
food for your family so the natural
ceramic coating is both pfoa and PTFE 3
which kind of sold me on it when I
bought it having that peace of mind it's
really easy to use the reason why I
picked this waffle maker actually is you
know when you go to hotels and they have
the the breakfast station right and I
think many hotels have the flip waffle
maker which
I love my kids love in fact they love
making their own waffles there that's
what I wanted I just found that those
make the perfect looking waffles and
really light and fluffy as well too so
this is gonna give you what I found is a
very nice looking waffle and of course
the flip helps with that too
check this out just like that
very easy should we make one I'll show
you what it yeah because I'm just I
think it looks beautiful when it's done
so I used a little ladle here so as you
can see it's kind of cooking along the
bottom right but then what you want to
do is okay so the light is off and that
means we're just gonna wait for it to
cook so usually on a Saturday
I'll make waffles when and you know
while I'm waiting for this to I'll go
and get some whipping cream ready
perhaps it might be in a can or else I
might make it as well too
and you can do that quickly while you're
waiting for the waffle or you know
whatever you like to do is get frozen
raspberries maybe boil them down a bit
and have a nice raspberry sauce for them
or if you're short on time even just
grab some fresh raspberries to throw on
them I mean there's really so much you
can do actually another thing I really
like to do too is I find that you know
one waffle is sufficient per child I've
an eight-year-old one waffle is good for
him half who awful is actually good for
my now five-year-old and so whatever is
left over I just take them and I put
them in the freezer and then all you
have to do is toast them later and it's
like they have fresh waffles eating is
fantastic
and you know kind of a healthy thing
because you're you're making it from
scratch and I like doing that as much as
I can
well you know when time is tight it's
kind of hard to do that but anyway so as
it cooks it's been slipped that is the
most important part by the way he's
always make sure you flip it because
when I first started using it I have to
admit that I did forget to flip a couple
times and what happens is basically you
get you know one side of the waffles a
little flat and the other side is
beautifully detailed with that you know
like nice kind of waffle design so as we
wait for it to be ready you can see it's
steaming and this is the setting that I
like I put it on Macs
the reason why I do that is because I
like a really nice crisp golden brown
waffle and I write all the different
settings I tried the low and you know it
was okay but I just I like that crisp
golden looking waffle and so I found
that that seemed to be the the best one
for it one thing I noticed too you know
in comparing this waffle maker to my old
kind of hunk of junk is that you know
first of all it quick swap it cooks
waffles a lot faster they're a lot
lighter and that's really to do with
flipping it you're giving so much more
space panel for the waffle to expand
inside right you're having a nice which
is so good and then of course I really
like the polished chrome on the outside
it's kind of what I go with with
everything it goes with my fridge
who's my dishwasher it goes with my
stove as well - he's the polished chrome
so I think I have a feeling my gut is
telling me that the light oh yeah the
light's gonna go off right now
so we're gonna flip it back it will lock
open it up and although as I mentioned I
didn't have you know like
the full amount of money college
check it out isn't that great I mean
it's just and it's so easy
anyway I was really happy with this
purchase it's exactly kind of what it
promised you know cooking a waffle
faster than most waffle irons it's safer
than many of them with the dura ceramic
nonstick coating and it's light and
fluffy and I wish you know I know it's
gonna be delicious
i needa enough of them in the past and
yeah so you can freeze them too which is
really great a great feature as well too
so I'm really happy with my austere
purchase and I would definitely invest
in this again