[Music]
hi I'm Rachel and in this tutorial I
want to show you how to draw realistic
fire using the color therapy app I'll
show you how to color fire in two ways
using red and oranges and another using
blue flames this technique can be added
to any background in this app or can
make any image like mystical spooky or
cozy so what I've done already is
basically just black out the entire
background except for the fire because I
want to focus on the fire itself make it
look like it's burning in a cave or
somewhere dark and what you want to do
right around directly around the fire
you want to color in with like a dark
maroon color or a reddish-brown color
and just color it all the way around the
fire going over the edges okay so we're
ready to get started let's do a regular
fire first without the blue so in the
color palette select the neon palette
and I want to choose a solid neon yellow
and then also the orange color and then
in the vibrant palette under basic
choose that bright red and then all
you'll need is just a basic white from
the basic palette set coloring inside
the lines mode to on and then with that
orange zoom in to the fire and then just
top to fill it in and I'm filling in all
of the elements here because we're gonna
add our own now select the manual mode
and open the toolbox using the airbrush
tool you want to set the opacity to 100
and the size to 20 and then select that
bright vibrant red color and you're
going to outline the flames and it's
gonna go past the lines a little bit
that's okay so outline those outside
edges of the flames and then bring those
lines down just a little bit into the
middle of the flame a little bit so now
it already looks like it's beginning to
glow a little bit against that dark
background and the tip with coloring
fire is that it's going to be lightest
and brightest in the center of the flame
and then darker in color on the outside
of the flame so the outside edges of the
flame will be reddish orange in the
middle will be yellow
and white so now I'm going to use that
neon yellow and just begin to just add
in color in the center of that flame and
I'm kind of following those lines a
little bit to direct me so the flames
are always going to be moving upward and
curving now in the very center add hard
pressure so that it looks very bright
with that neon yellow and then select
white and in the very center of that
you'll add a bright white and that's
going to be the hottest part and then if
you want to add details go into the tool
box lower the size to four and you can
add in some details here and there so go
beyond those lines and start to add in
little tendrils of flames coming off of
the edges and I'm using red to do this
and I'm just kind of following those
same lines then you can also use orange
and all the same colors to add little
bits of flame coming off here and there
curving and working their way upwards to
really get in details you can also lower
the size to zero and then lower the
opacity just a little bit probably about
80% and you can add an even more details
and what I'm doing here I'll just zoom
in is I'm going to just add these
curving lines within the flame so just
very delicately and these are just going
to help to add in that realism
remember flames are a fleeting sort of
element so they're gonna be twisting
curving coming and going disappearing as
they go every once in a while you'll
have a burning ember jump off so you can
add little dots here and there for that
using the red and orange you'll also
want to add a little bit of detail so
add some tendrils of fire below the very
bottom here up into the white and the
yellow so it looks a little more
realistic there and then what you'll
want to do is go into the effects tab
and then go under lines and remove them
and then you can see how it looks so if
you want to add blue to a flame all you
need to do is the same thing but leave
it white at the bottom and you'll fade
it from white bright blue and then into
the orange so open up the color palette
under essential-1
select neon make sure it sets the solid
and then I'm going to choose this bright
blue here and then a darker purple and
then in the tool box open it up set the
opacity to 100 and raise the size to
about 30% and then start with that light
blue color and you're just gonna begin
to color in that white area carefully
and just leave only a little bit of
space for the purple now select the
purple and add a layer over that and
then use that orange from before and
then you'll bring that orange into the
purple and blue just kind of blending it
here and there and then you want to go
back and forth between those colors
until it begins to blend like before you
want to lower the size just a little bit
and the opacity as well it's about 50%
and you're gonna add in those tendrils
with those same colors so add in using
that blue purple and orange just begin
to add in those long tendrils of fire so
bring it up into the orange and the red
layers and just begin to blend
here's how the first flame looks with
the lines removed a blue flame works
well when you're coloring candles or
something mystical like this where I set
the lines to fire if you'd like to see
more tutorials like this don't forget to
subscribe to the color therapy YouTube
channel so you don't miss any new
tutorial videos thanks for watching our
tutorial you can get the color therapy
app for free on the App Store
[Music]