what is know if YouTube welcome back to
my channel it has been a long time
coming but another recipe video is
finally here so if you watch yesterday's
blog blog 15 I think you seen the
protein muffins that's now where it's
subzilla now I didn't try one of them
but angkeran gave them the double seal
of approval so I got the recipe from old
Michelle and we were going to go ahead
and whip these guys up
disclaimer I've never made it before so
because this could turn out to be a
disaster but hey I was feeling that it's
going to be pretty good and you might
get a laugh or two laughs it's so taste
test at the end as always so if you guys
are ready to see these protein muffins
then I'm ready to make them for you
let's do
[Music]
alright guys first thing you're going to
want to do I've already started it but
you want to pre-heat your oven to 350
degrees get this started that way you're
not waiting on it at the end so I'm
gonna go for all the ingredients with
you guys it's actually a fairly easy
ingredient list I want there's only five
ingredients here so let's go through it
we have first off you're gonna need
yourself a protein powder now any
isolate protein is going to work I'm
using today cinnamon french toast by new
breed this is by far I really think the
best tasting protein I've ever had being
completely honest you're also going to
need some unsweetened applesauce I will
go over exact quantities as I put them
in my bowl here and mix them up you're
going to need yourself some coconut
flour never had this before I'm excited
to try it we also need some egg whites
approximately two but I'm just going to
pour them right out of this thing here
break free egg whites and then we're
also going to need a little bit of
baking soda and then the only final
ingredient that's not here is water
which everybody should have an abundance
let's hope let's hope so I went ahead
and picked up some whisks right no
matter how big or small the recipe is I
have a whisk for the job small whisk
medium whisk large whisk
ma'am I have whisks for days now and I
also picked myself up a little mini
muffin tray that way we could do this
thing right so we're about eight dollars
in total so grab those just for this
recipe and who knows if it's really good
I might keep utilizing both of those and
then we're just going to use a bowl here
to mix everything up so that's all the
ingredients let's go ahead and get
started on this recipe alright guys
first agreement we're going to need is
one scoop of the protein powder so I'm
going to go ahead open this up and add
the protein powder in here to our Bowl
and like I said you guys probably
already seen it but I'm using the new
breed cinnamon french toast this stuff
is excellent God I really can't put into
words how good it tastes so alright
first ingredient done now we need a
quarter cup of apple sauce so I bought
this unsweetened apple sauce here is
going to make sure we all get any added
sugar so the only sugar we're going to
have is natural sugar coming from the
applesauce so let me open this up here
perfect now we just need a quarter cup
so I have a half cup here so I'm going
to use half
of the half because that makes a quarter
right it's been a while since I
graduated okay so let's go ahead and put
this in here all right that looks about
good to me add that in make sure we're
not wasting any really making sure we
get the most out of this out of sauce
all right next thing we need is one
tablespoon of coconut flour so I'm using
simple truth organic coconut flour all
they have is organics so I'm not not
saying you have to get organic but I
guess in some sense organics a little
better I don't know and just so you can
see here once again boom boom that's
what we're doing now all I have here ooh
autumns done preheating see guys see
that pro tip in the beginning was well
worth it we need one tablespoon of
coconut flour I'm gonna get in here with
my a tablespoon and there we go now the
next thing we need is two egg whites I'm
going to go ahead and use these break
three egg whites like I said what I'm
going to do is actually measure them out
so got myself a food scale here I'm
going to sit it down turn it on place
this on there open up my egg whites and
then we have approximately it says per
egg white there is 46 grams so in Soto
I'm going to eat ninety-two with my
master right dump this in here and voila
95 grams close enough for me and then
last but certainly not least me 1/4
teaspoon of baking soda so I have my
teaspoon here my actual 1/4 teaspoon and
let me get down in here see that's a
little slap here I got to go in what do
we got what do we got come on come on go
flat don't find me flat bingo perfect
Michael Jordan couldn't have done that
better where and why is that relevant
I don't know that okay here we go so
that's everything in here now I'm going
to go ahead and bust out one of the
width which whisk should I use comment
below
big with medium whisk little whisk like
I said guys were whisk rich right now
we're in he's the little whisk oh man
that was barely on there
I'll think seeds are really in the
market for wigs but if you were Kroger
has some easy ones this I'm kidding I'm
not condoning stealing alright guys and
now we're going to go in here and mix
this all up now the key is you want to
mix it up and then once you reach a
certain point it might seem a little
thick you add a little bit of water to
it that way it fluffs up as nice as it
can while it's baking so we're gonna go
in here whisk whisk whisk God would you
believe I've never whisked before it
feels good to whisk been missing out
this whole time
okay whisk whisk whisk whisk whisk whisk
whisk whisk whisk alright now I'm gonna
add a little bit of water I didn't add
much I just added a tiny little bit
because it's my first time making these
I really don't want to mess them up
alright guys I would say that is whisked
about as good as this gonna get it
alright God now what I'm going to go and
do is take my mini muffin tray and spray
it with cooking spray and boom we're
going to be using butter flavored
nonstick cooking spray now the reason
we're spraying this is that way when we
bake them they don't stick to the pan so
i'ma go through here hit it with a nice
coating boom nice one more one more
presto that should do the trick okay the
next thing I'm going to do is take my
cup here I'm going to get down in our
bowl and I'm going to slowly fill this
up get in here and slowly add them in
look hopefully this turns out good I
look good feeling about this one guys
comment below there's going to be a
disaster if he's going to be good I have
a good feeling about it and boom guys we
got them all filled up now a couple of
these kind of stored off to the side so
I'm gonna go in here just kind of make
sure everything's down in here I want
these to be as room and it as possible
so nice guys this is a it's kind of fun
hopefully these are good I'm enjoying
making these things with these little
brownies are so cute okay now what I'm
going to go ahead and do since that is
done check it out man think I might use
a little too much cooking oil up there
on the top but but the most wait hold on
that one needs to be evened out so we'll
take a little bit this one put you in
there little bit out of this hmm alright
there we go now they're all about even
I'm going to take this open up the oven
now we want to bake these at 350 degrees
for 10 minutes so I'm gonna go and put
these in here on the top rack
Lyde them right in there nice close this
up timer 10 minutes and nice alright
guys I will be back in ten minutes and
we will give these things a taste test
stay tuned alright guys they are
officially done get my trusty oven mitt
here we will go ahead and turn off the
oven bingo open top let's grab them oh
man they look amazing nice okay
boom would you guys look at these these
look amazing oh man I am so excited I
actually just calculated the macros when
I tell you the macros for these you
won't even believe it so I'm gonna go
ahead Lucky's cool for a second take
them off the plate and then we will get
to taste testing all right you two are
you ready for a taste test now like I
said I calculated the macros and if
these are good and this could be a
game-changer but as you can see all of
our mini muffins are right here so it
makes 12 oh and that don't they look
just great look at those things look at
all right guys are we ready is it a watt
subside you're in a cooking video and I
should have a taste test something I
made I'm excited it's like a kid at
Christmas all right so let's grab to
this plump one in the middle with the
big top okay get ready moment of truth
three two one let's do it okay okay I'm
not gonna jump to any conclusions just
yet let's try another one and see how
she fares shall we hmm
hold on guys hold on hold on hold on
hold on hold on
I would hate to give out false
information come on trust me trust me
okay guys we have reached a verdict
these totally get the bow double seal of
approval
now they taste very good it's not the
best tasting thing I've ever made right
like peanut butter cookies or something
like that he's probably a little better
but whatever these matters off to you
and you figure out just exactly how
little calorie
macros you're getting in these game
changer game changer oh I don't know
wife sorry
hmm yeah yes thank you so much for this
recipe Michelle this is going to be my
new go-to this is this is amazing this
is amazing okay let me go to the matter
with you guys just so you can share and
the excitement that I'm having right now
so in the entire recipe all 12 of these
mini muffins there's only 276 calories
overall macros for the entire recipe we
have 2 grams of fat 34 grams of protein
and 26 grams of carbohydrates and then
per muffin right there's only 23
calories I know I know and 0.2 grams of
fats are practically zero 3 grams of
protein and 2 grams of carbs per muffin
how is that possible
how is this witchcraft pop Malone show
totally guilt free guys 5 grams of those
carbs for though recipe is fiber this is
like you can make these 276 calories
like did you're great oh you're great
mmm okay okay
move those away now for guys try this
try this I want you guys also to I don't
haven't done the recipe videos quite its
frequently here lately comment below if
you have any recipe to me to try to make
I'll make whatever disaster or not I
will try to make whatever and I
guarantee it'll be at least an
entertaining experience for everybody
involved so I am out of here guys
thank you so much as always for watching
ciao - Michelle once again for this
awesome recipe game-changer guys try
this as soon as you can comment below
and let me know what you thought of it
cuz I this is this is amazing this is
the gate literally a game-changer
literally a game changer so thank you
guys for all your support as always and
you learn about - do you know what about
you let's do it
don't forget to smile remain positive
pay someone to call them because you
never know who's dead you could be
making better don't forget to hit that
like button subscribe if you're not
subscribed and I will see you guys at
the next episode see ya