how to treat for golfers using Omega
scri n golfer bait stuff that
works probably have to find that here at
Uka city parks having a golfer problem
in the
lawn Bas show you before and after
photos of the
treatment here we go got some good
pretty big golfer
activity probe all the way around the
tunnel till you feel the pole drop
down anywhere from a foot to three feet
so he's got a pretty good hole there so
he's going to go ahead and inject the
bait if you're not hitting any holes you
don't want to inject any bait the
animals dogs birds will get to and may
harm um some of the animals
knock over the tunnels after we're done
the Mounds that way you'll be able to
see what's left when we come back in a
week to do the secondary treatment
you'll see any new pop outs and know
where to treat for the new activity
versus the old
activity found another tunnel here
M it's a pretty big area that the
golfer's taking over which is probably
an indication that it's trying a nest in
this area and dig out some Chambers to
sleep in and store their
food that's a good deep tunnel there you
get them in those deep tunnels and
you're not going to have any problems
with the dogs digging down and getting
the bait if you put the golfer bait down
the tunnel that he pops out of usually
they'll just kick it right back out and
you'll end up killing off the birds and
hurting your dog those type of things
and that's why this bait is injected
into the major Runway tunnel which is
anywhere from 2 3 ft down into the to
the ground the rest of the tunnels are
sub tunnels and are not preferable to
put the bait into tell them also you got
to cover up the holes cuz they will bury
their bait if they see light on it yeah
any holes that you do make with the
probe need to be filled in golfers do
not like light when they're eating the
bait
the other important thing is the pole
that we're
using dispenses about a teaspoon per
turn the trick to these golfers is
getting a proper amount of bait in if
you put in a pound of bait into one hole
it's not going to be as effective is
putting 1 o spot treatments you know 2
to 3 fet apart versus
this is your horseshoe right here of the
hole you can see this is where the
golfer plugged the hole this is the
kickout so when you look the golfer is
actually going to be coming out this way
so this is where you're going to find
his tunnel and that's why the probe goes
in real easy when you hit right
there so with the two three turns we're
getting about two three tpoon per
treatment which is recommended for
killing off the golfer infestations in a
high golfer activity
area stuff that you can buy at Home
Depot the problem is you do need this
pole to be able to get the bait in the
right spot if you don't get the bait
into those Runway tunnels they're going
to kick it out and you're going to cause
you know the dogs to get hurt when
you're using Home Depot baits and stuff
they are not as effective is say this
Omega goer bait which is active
ingredients of strict n which actually
will pretty powerful bait doesn't take a
whole lot to be able to take down that
golfer just like the side of that
horseshoe is always where he's going to
be coming from when you see that dirt
kick out like boom two to three feet
down that P drops and that's your that's
your good treatments
there you got to kind of imagine if
you're a golfer dick going through the
holes you're picking up on the bait as
you go around you're not running into a
two PB pile of
bait the more you can make it resemble
their natural eating habits the better
off chances you are going to be with
taking care of these
golfers quite a lot of holes here is the
city
park do have the baseball fields
tennis
courts basically stopping
kids and people from coming out here and
breaking their ankles on all these holes
and indentions in the
ground and is why the city does pay for
to have this done to reduce the
liabilities of the kids getting hurt
playing the sports games and public out
here these are all public parks which
actually allow dogs on all these Parks
so your proper treatment and getting
that bait down is really important when
you're dealing with the
public these are what you call a feeder
hole and you notice there's no tunnel no
dirt kickout all you do see is that he
has plugged up these old holes and what
that tells you is these are old runways
that have already been dug out from
previous golfers due to them being
previously dug out they don't have to
kick out any dirt all they have to do is
come by and block the sunlight by
plugging up all these old holes and they
have a fully operational
Runway these golfers can move about a
ton of dirt th000 lbs of dirt per year
which is quite a lot of dirt another
good example of these old runways being
taken over these are their feeder holes
and you'll notice the grass is all taken
out around there and these gold wers
will pop their head out and grab these
grass blades and actually bring them
down into the tunnel system as a nesting
they mainly feed on the root systems of
plants but they do use these grass
blades for nesting materials and make
their Chambers down there underneath the
ground you want to go ahead and see if
you can probe Down 2 to 3 ft on these
feeder tunnels to get into a major
Runway yep you're only Pro and it only
goes down a couple inches do not apply
the
bait it becomes a
hazard instead of helpful for getting
rid of your
golfers safety is your number one
priority when you're using a strick n
bait the bait is a danger product
which you do not want to let kids get a
hold of and that's why it is kind of the
best bet to hire a professional when it
comes to Golfers when you're dealing
with the danger product in a strip n
bait it actually has a scent on it like
root beer and if kids get a hold of this
stuff it actually quite resembles a
candy being bright blue and smelling
like root beer so having this kind of
thing stored in your
garage is a big liability pets are
attracted to it and kids may mistake
this stuff for candy so that's why we do
re recommend that you have a
professional treat when you're treating
for golfers or anything that's using a
strict n danger product and not have it
stored in your home if you do choose to
store it in your home it's best to have
it in a locked metal closet that kids
can't get
into
um just don't recommend taking those
risks cuz as a pest control company we
keep that in a commercial property
locked where kids and people can't get
to it that's inspected by the state of
California