what's up beautiful people
Lomax another recipe video quick recipe
video seems that everyone likes easy and
they like fast
heyyo at least that's what the comments
been on my last couple recipe videos
they like this the recipes are easy you
guys seem to like that and you like that
it's really really quick to make so what
are we doing today
vegan tuna salad tuna salad is one my
favorite things growing up as a kid my
dad always made it it was always in our
refrigerator it was something that I ate
all the time so again I've told these
stories on my other food videos a lot of
my stuff that I've done transition to a
plant-based diet I try and replace
things I used to eat just because it for
my brain for me it's easier if I'm doing
that that's like I'm not missing out
although it's been four years so I don't
feel like I'm missing out on anything
anymore but in the beginning I was
making stuff like this and it just made
life a lot easier so what do we do
garbanzo beans they basically when
anyone's trying to make like mock
chicken salad mock tuna salad that's
what they use because it's a texture
thing I'm a big fan of garbanzo beans I
think they're really like I don't know
they're very hearty they're really it's
like a creamy kind of a thing but
they're very filling even as a kid like
growing up salad Bass Pro garbanzo beans
on my salad I could just eat garbanzo
beans those there's like those three
bean salads you can buy they come in a
jar with like olive oil over water these
days my students love eating garbanzo
beans so when I learned about this a
while ago I was all in on it I loved it
and every time I make it my wife loves
it we eat it all the time so yeah
so the recipe it's super easy you
basically make it however you want to
make tuna salad or chicken salad if
you're a person who just takes
flink tune our flank chicken you add
mayonnaise to it and you go from there
that's all you have to do just replace
it with garbanzo beans but being a
texture person I like kind of the crunch
with like the salad genus garbanzo beans
so basically it was two Kansa garbanzo
beans and other things someone had
mentioned they were
asking for more like higher protein
meals I mean I can do a whole video
about protein I don't freak out about
protein on a vegan diet if you're eating
enough of a variety of full plant foods
you're going to get enough protein so
but yeah 16 ounce can of garbanzo beans
it's six grams of protein per serving
there's three and half servings in a can
so this recipe that I'm making and we're
going to have leftovers but two cans is
almost 40 grams of protein so there's
your protein plus the bread that you use
and all that other good stuff you're
going to get enough protein you don't
have to worry about it but yeah take a
potato masher drain your garbanzo beans
rinse them get all the water off of it
if you don't you're going to hate
yourself afterwards because it's going
to mess your stomach up if you have some
epic farts if you don't do that in your
writing beans so that's already going to
happen but it'll be ten times course if
you don't but yeah just with potato mash
we just mash them up to like that kind
of tuna sauce consistency and then we
just chopped up red onion celery and
some baby pickles and we add it to this
bowl so if you look it kind of has like
that flaky sort of tuna texture or like
chicken salad you can go real next level
with this stuff with tuna salad you can
add Old Bay seasoning that's not like a
crab cake thing for me so I don't use it
but it kind of gives it that what we
know is like seafood II taste or if you
wanted more of a chicken salad flavor
you would just use like poultry
seasoning just because a lot of
restaurants use that when they're making
chicken dishes so in your brain you
would probably taste that and get it
going oh this reminds me of chicken
salad garbanzo beans are really a
neutral flavor they don't really have a
flavor so this is basically going to
taste like whatever you season it with
so yeah we use red onions celery baby
pickles we're going to put mayonnaise
salt pepper and then a tiny bit I like
it just because of the flavor a little
bit of Dijon mustard
I forgot my spatula but yeah so to our
bowl we will use a big fan of just now
this is actually a new dryer Christmas
event we brought a bit they a lot of
people i AST vegenaise all the time but
I just I think just nail is the best
kind I'm a huge on top I've mentioned
before but a big best best foods
mayonnaise or Hellmann's I think it is
on East Coast Midwest East Coast for my
money that's the best Manning ever and
this is the closest thing to it that I
found Penske himself just that was an
easy thing I am a huge fan of nannies
and that grossed a lot of people out but
you know on health care mayonnaise is it
be the best continent so there's two
cans of garbanzo beans on ease like a
table and maybe a little more I don't
like it like crazy wet does that make
sense I don't know like a tablespoon and
a half and then Dijon mustard gross he's
a little bit so we'll just mix this up
real quick if you like your tuna salad
and your chicken salad super light wet
you can have as much mani that you want
I'm not really big into that I like
tasting tasting what I'm eating
mix that Andros puts a little bit of
salt pepper - I mean the beans that I
use their low-sodium but they're still
pretty salty salt and pepper seriously I
mean the only prep time really that you
have for this is whatever you want to
put in like vegetable wine it took me I
mean obviously I sped it up for the
beginning the video but it took me like
I don't know five ten and it's to watch
and cut all that stuff up all right so
here we go there's our mock tuna salad
we're going to use sourdough bread
because sourdough bread is the greatest
bread in the entire world
there's already mayonnaise in this so
you can add mayonnaise to your sandwich
if you want I don't put anything on it
continent wise there's already Dijon
mustard there's already Manning so just
for me I don't do that we're going to
use some romaine lettuce and again this
is all optional you don't have to put
any this on so romaine lettuce down on
the one piece of bread the tuna cell is
going to go on the other and again this
is like I mean you can have this for
dinner this is super easy snacks you
don't even have to make sandwiches you
know and you could make a salad and just
throw this on there you can make that
lettuce wraps if you want you can just
eat it out of the whatever container
you're okay you think it's just super
easy and like I said it's a higher
protein meal just because of the
garbanzo beans and it's really really
filling
so alright so the Trekker pontipines
alan i said Santa like said on either
camera so you guys continue them doing
it and then I just cut up some Tomatoes
and a lot of people have problems with
tomatoes I don't know your problem is
what I do do do do after I put the
tomatoes down just a little crock
assault on them because salt on tomatoes
is a match made in heaven
it's fun doing that I don't know how I'm
aligned I know like people look like
legit cooking shows it can be so tough
to like prep for everything because I
notice every time I do these I forget
something so I go off camera yeah so
we'll just put the sandwich together
smash her down a lot of times I did this
as a kid growing up I like putting
potato chips on my family I don't have
any right now so I didn't do that but
we're done
slicer and a half
and there is that sandwich if I had any
skills this would be the thumbnail to my
video but I don't
so yeah there you go super duper easy
and if you're a fan of tuna or chicken
salad you will love you the promise solo
the Dijon mustard in that is the key do
not skip that part that is freaking
delicious so yeah Copland is another
real idea for you guys I hope that you
guys make this hopefully you guys enjoy
it if you hate tuna salad or you hate
chicken salad I mean you could try this
too
it doesn't taste like chicken or tuna so
it tastes like our Bonzo beans and
awesomeness all the crunchiness to like
the onions and the pickles and celery
it's freaking fantastic so try it out
let me know I'm stink so as always thank
you guys so much for watching I'm late
the rest of the sandwich since I was
younger I was into video games I'd like
to do so I could bring back you salty
you can be a gem like you