[Music]
welcome to the EZ Indian comm I'm going
to show you how to make red lentils or
alum Masuka dal I'm not sure why they
call it la loire red because it looks
kind of salmon in color to me but this
is really quick very easy and extremely
tasty
so here we go you'll need one cup of red
lentils or Lamas or thou two spring
onions or half a medium white onion
diced one teaspoon of ginger grated or
made into a paste the juice of half a
medium lemon 1/4 teaspoon of the
following cumin seeds coriander powder
turmeric powder and chili powder 1/2 a
teaspoon of salt and you can adjust that
to taste 1 tbsp ghee or oil 4 cups of
water and 1 green chili diced which is
optional but adds a great kick for this
recipe I'm going to use 2 pans a medium
saucepan and a medium saute pan I take
the saucepan and heat it up to about
medium medium high and add 4 cups of
water I've already washed my dal and
checked it for rocks and other
impurities you don't want to bite into
something that's gonna break your tooth
so make sure there are no yucky rocks in
there and then I pour it into the water
and then add some salt and some turmeric
also known as healthy healthy is amazing
it's been linked to keeping Alzheimer's
at bay and it also helps to preserve
your food and it adds a really nice
color now I add some ginger which is
supposed to keep you from getting gassy
and boiled all on medium for 15 to 20
minutes I heat up my saucepan to about
medium and add some butter I ran out of
key if you choose you can use some oil
once it's a little bit warmed up I throw
in my cumin seeds and I wait for them to
give a bit of a sputtering sound that
gives me a cue that it's time for my
next step which is to add some onions
now I'm gonna want to saute them and
turn them a light golden brown so I stir
them around gently and wait for that
color to appear and my onions are coming
along nicely so now it's time to add a
few more spices I'm gonna add some
coriander powder that I actually crushed
from whole corianders I'm gonna add some
chili powder and then I think I'm gonna
add a little more chili powder because I
like a little bit of a kick now in case
I forgot to mention it I'm making my
third and third uh stands for I actually
don't know what it stands for but I
associate it with something kind of
spicy so this would be a good place for
me to also throw in some green chilies
and warm them up a bit mix it all around
and now it's time to add it to my dough
okay this is a major milestone when you
add the sizzling darka to the dal it's
supposed to make this wonderful loud
noise and sometimes it does for me and
sometimes it doesn't you got to really
heat up that oil in order to get that
great sizzling sound that you need moms
are so proud of give it a little bit of
a stir and there you have it
wonderful laulima swear though now it's
time for the secret ingredient lemon you
have to have to squeeze lemon into your
doll otherwise it's just not gonna come
out good trust me I did it for years
thanks for visiting me at the easy
Indian comm I look forward to hearing
your thoughts on this recipe and I hope
you enjoy it as
which as I did see you again soon