hello I'm Conor from stock Texon and
today we're going to take a look at the
Asal a handl door handus obviously means
there's no handle put your fingers into
the J lift it up to give a totally
smooth modern appearance with a 90%
Sheen buffed to a high
shine strata is a 22 mil thick slab
handleless kitchen door it is
manufactured from an MDF core and boasts
a high gloss polyurethan painted finish
it features an integrated J shaped
handle strata is a quality product and
all imperfections are buffed out leaving
only a high quality smooth Flawless
finish we will also design and fit your
complete kitchen for your convenience
and will supply your full range of
accessories
too for your complete piece of mind we
have full guarantees on all products
stockpiler members of the independent
review body The Institute of kitchen
Fitters and
installers our doors are both catus and
fire accredited who verify compliance
with all the mandatory
regulations by in complete confidence on
our website as our payments are secured
with the industry leading Sage pay we
have no access to your payments made
online in fact the entire website is SSL
secured which establishes an encrypted
link between your PC and our website
stockpile have recently became a world
host recognized business recognizing our
excellence in customer service if you
would like any more information on this
kitchen range or any of our wide range
of kitens or accessories please give us
a ring we would be glad to help thanks
for
listening