after the warm tones of my wine darts do
I want to bring out something it will
help everyone cool down and I'm making
my ice cream pay with butterscotch sauce
which relies heavily on ingredients that
are dangerously appealing to my children
or they appeal to everyone so I had to
keep them somewhere they will never look
prey this is it but luckily I can grab
them now untouched by small hands and
doesn't one stop at the freezer and it's
more air stung spectacular though this
cake is you need just ordinary regular
vanilla ice cream for it it's what you
put in that makes a difference
can I leave those there to soften a
little and get on with some of the
filling you need 150 grams of all the
biscuits and I like to use some
honeycomb chocolate covered for
preference but a 40 gram bar and then
just go at them together with a rolling
pin in a freezer bag until some a rubble
some dust and some sizeable crumbs you
need a liter and a half of ice cream so
on top of this you sprinkle your cookie
and honeycomb crumbs Oh lovely I'm going
to keep some back because I like to
sprinkle these over the cake when it's
unmolded and now some peanuts not
ordinary peanuts but honey those peanuts
yes I know more sugar but you start
worried about the sugar content here
it's a bit of a waste of time so in they
go hundred grams is plenty and I love
these they're new in my life I can't
actually get them in England except
online and I'm such an internet shopping
junkie that's how I did their chocolate
and peanut butter swirled morsels
chips they look like miniature circus
tents what 200 grams of these but don't
worry if you can't get these because to
be honest you can use milk chocolate
chips dark chocolate chips white
chocolate chips pack any chips except
potato chips again I want to hold some
back by sprinkling on top they look so
beautiful
while this is wearing I am going to line
the tin just makes it easier to get out
later and I have been taught a trick
which is the if you tear you clean this
way around it always comes out in a
straight line magic and also one car
other hard you get a few creases cuz I
haven't done it that neatly but that
doesn't matter
once it's sprinkled and serve point show
I don't think it's the cooks role to try
and win applause obviously not but
nevertheless I have to say it's very
gratifying to make something that's as
simple as this but is just so
spectacular when you serve it okay so in
it goes ah that's speckled beauty it's
pretty fabulous as it is but I think an
extra and worthwhile touch is to drizzle
it with warm butterscotch sauce all you
need to do is bung few things in a pan
and heat them up while the tagine is in
the oven reheating so no work fold over
the bits of cling just to protect the
top so in to the freezer with a cake
now joy of joys the butterscotch sauce
for the ice cream cake and some cream
and some butter always a good start for
a recipe need about two tablespoons
worth of unsalted butter and two
tablespoons as well of ordinary white
sugar 3 tablespoons of light brown
Muscovado sugar you can use ordinary
soft light brown sugar I just love the
tree cleanness you get from Muscovado
and just in case it isn't sweet enough
some golden syrup quite a bit you can
see I suppose about two espresso cups
worth right so he told this needs to
bubble up and keep bubbling for about
five minutes and actually I could have
made this two days ago when I did
everything else but it's so simple to
make it's frankly no harder than
reheating and who's going to complain
about the scent of butterscotch wafting
through the house when they come in
right it's headaches five minutes
bubbling now so few drops of good
vanilla but and about 125 milliliters of
double clean this is really the perfect
time to make this
no one's arrived yet I'm calm and
although it's really piping hot and
runny now by the time it's at we beat
not a gene it will be warm and really
gooey just right for drizzling over the
ice cream cake I have a sweet treat in
store
perfect reserve that right
there just wonderful thank you
the sauce just Oh just blends all
together nothing succeeds like excess