okay today I'm going to show you how to
quickly and effectively seal some ribbon
that has started to fray I know this has
happened to me when I've washed some
dresses that have like the ribbon sash
on the back this works as long as the
ribbon is a hundred percent polyester so
for your safety you want to make sure
that it's a hundred percent polyester
ribbon and you may you know want to test
this before you try to on something very
nice and also if you're a minor you're
gonna want an adult to do this for you
this is your warning don't burn yourself
okay so I've got this piece of ribbon
here that has with some wash-and-wear
has started to fray now it's not too bad
but it's starting to look really ugly
and I don't like that so all I have to
do is take this take a lighter light it
and run it across there a few times
really fast like faster you do it the
less likely it is to you know start
melting it too bad so then that's nice
and sealed and you don't have to worry
about it friend anymore so if this was
really ugly had a lot of fringe on it
and or like the sides were becoming
uneven what I would want to do is if it
has this V cut on it it's folded cut it
upward this land I've made a movie that
now I can take my lighter you just
quickly seal that if it's satin you want
to go really fast and watch out because
it melts a lot faster and then you know
if it was cutting a slant you could just
you know do the slant