roasted almonds are an incredible
ingredient in gourmet candy making
roasting brings out the rich almond
flavor for Toffees brittles toppings and
just about any gourmet confection you
can think of I'm Lynne your gourmet
candy maker and when we come back we
will roast 2 pounds of fresh raw almonds
here's how to roast 1 to 2 pounds of
fresh raw almonds perfectly every time
set your oven to 350 degrees and put 2
pounds of fresh raw almonds in a nine by
12 baking pan spread them around make
them nice and even and then we'll pop
them in the oven for 15 minutes after
your almonds have been in the oven for
15 minutes you want to open the door
give them a nice stir to redistribute
them close the door and set the timer
for another 10 minutes during that next
10 minutes you want to pay attention to
the smell it's going to be wonderful and
that's an indication that your almonds
are actually cooking at that point is
where you need to start paying attention
you don't want them to get too Brown or
burned you want them to just get a nice
roasted flavor once your almonds have
been roasting for 20 to 25 minutes you
want to take them out check the color
use your nose to see how roasted they
are you'll be able to tell and then from
there it's entirely up to you how far
you want to continue some people like
the burnt almond flavor some people like
a very very light roasted flavor so
that's the creative part in the part
that frankly is up to your taste buds
but for us right now our almonds are
done I can smell them so I'm going to
take them out of the oven and we will
compare a roasted almond to a raw almond
and you'll see the color variation and
really what we're going for these
almonds are 350 degrees they're
incredibly hot and what we want to do is
put them out onto a smooth cool surface
not this plastic but another surface to
let them cool completely you don't want
to work with these rim though this hot
and you certainly don't want to handle
them or put them in your mouth
open them up and then we'll just let
these sit for probably a half an hour
and go do something else but our almonds
are oh they smell so good you can see
how they're sort of dark a little darker
let's just do a comparison this is a tub
of fresh raw almonds see how blonde and
light they are and when they break
they're just hard to break let me get a
knife
when they break they have they're
definitely moist that's two halves if I
were to take one of these guys you can
see the difference in the color they're
toasty and if I were to break this it
would probably break into several little
pieces too because it's very dry
so that's roasting almonds very simple
the flavor reward is incredible and a
wonderful addition to any of your
confectionery recipes I'm Lin your
gourmet candy maker bye for now
the gourmet candy maker would like to
give you a gift a complete video series
on the most frequently asked questions
about gourmet candy making go to WWE my
candy maker calm and download your
series absolutely free