hello its Rob Nagy from Giroux trained
in lawn care today I just wanted to show
you a few things I'm at a client's
property I'm going to do a pH reading
with this pH meter it's a pretty simple
device that what we do is stick it into
the ground here and what's going to
happen is it's gonna give me a reading
in about a minute of what the soil pH is
pH levels is you know in lawn
it's very important I don't want to get
overly scientific with you in regards to
what the pH is but the bottom line is
the average is around 7 anywhere between
6 point 5 into 7 is usually acceptable
anything lower we want to increase the
acidity by doing some lime treatments
again changing that soil profile
everything underneath this grass here
it's important to make sure it's healthy
on the high range if it's over 7 we have
an alkaline soil and again we're going
to have to do some soil amending most of
the time we're putting sulfur down in
that case to try to increase you know
the the acidity and get it more even
there as far as what I see here on this
reading I'm looking right now at a
reading that is approximately 6.2 so
what that is showing me is in this
situation in this back area we have to
do an adjustment I'm gonna recommend to
this client putting some some calpro
lime down try to raise it about half a
point get it closer to the optimum range
again the benefits involved with having
a good baseline pH is incredible
underneath this grass in the root system
between the capacity and the exchange of
nutrients back and forth the fertilizers
were putting down it all is directly
related to pH
you