[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I get a lot of great video project ideas
from those you leave in comments so
thank you very much for leaving those
comments I had at least a hundred people
ask me to test isopropyl alcohol so
that's what I'm gonna do today we have a
91% mix of isopropyl alcohol and we're
gonna find out if this engines gonna run
first and secondly if it does run is it
going to clean up the combustion chamber
what's the point of buying seafoam
Marvel Mystery Oil or some other
additives to clean the combustion
chamber if you can buy a bottle of
isopropyl alcohol for a fraction of the
cost and do the same thing I don't know
if it's gonna work but what I do know is
we have a small engine and we have some
isopropyl alcohol so let's get this
project underway I've got a 32 ounce
bottle of isopropyl alcohol I only want
to add about half of this to the a
lawnmower engine
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
the idea to test isopropyl alcohol was a
great one so I just wanna say thank you
to the hundred plus people that
suggested I try this and I really
enjoyed watching that rubbing alcohol
burning that see-through engine that was
pretty neat also I was really impressed
with how well this engine ran as far as
being able to push through some of that
tall grass the engine did not seem to
lack power it didn't run the smoothest
but it did seem to run a little bit
cooler and it seemed to have plenty of
power anyway I put a lot of time and
effort in these videos but if there's
something I can do better please let me
know I hope if under thumbs up this time
if I earned a thumbs down I hope you'll
leave a comment constructive feedback
those boys appreciated anyway thanks so
much for watching the video and I look
forward to see you next time
[Music]