this rosemary is about ten years old and
it's still looking good because I have
not hedged it and I have not cut down
into bare stems so I'm going to show you
a quick tip today on how to keep your
rosemary looking good now if you have an
old rosemary and you've been hedging it
so that you have just a flurry of growth
on the top like Bart Simpson and then
bare stems all the way down it's going
to be better for you to replace that
rosemary because rosemary do not come
not grow back from bare stems so you
won't get healthy green growth if you
cut into the bare stems that are way
down in here so I'm going to show you
how to prune your rosemary to get a
flurry of growth down inside instead of
just on top in order to encourage a
bushy rosemary you start when the plant
is younger and instead of allowing see
this is this is a leader and it's just
what I'm going to grow taller and taller
and stay fairly skinny like this unless
you follow it down and cut it low and
I'll show you an example of that
on another piece here's an example of a
branch that bent over on its own and
when it did that it stimulated all of
these new leaders like the one I just
showed you now I want this part to fill
in so before these leaders get too long
I'm going to go ahead and just do what's
called heading cuts I'm going to cut off
about 60% of all of these tips
leaving nice healthy-looking green
growth you see this all healthy looking
green and healthy now these are going to
Bush out from these cuts now we're going
to try to stimulate growth lower in the
foliage here in instead of letting it
just come up and be one stem I'm in a
cut do a pruning cut and leave this
healthy growth all of those are now
going to become their own tips so the
flurry of growth is going to come from
here and fill in this area I'm going to
cut this one also this is also very tall
what's called a leader it comes way up
here and if I don't cut this it'll just
branch out up here and I want it to
branch down here so I'm going to follow
it down down down healthy growth healthy
growth healthy growth I'm going to prune
right about some healthy growth now this
area will fill in better to continue on
if you want this other area to fill in
because it's pretty bare
you actually could bend one of your
younger stems and tie it down in this
space here and by making it horizontal
instead of vertical it's going to
stimulate growth from all of these tips
and you could fill in this area
you