[Music]
hi I'm Georgia Pelini and I'm a chef and
author of the new book girl Hunter I'm
going to show you my favorite way to
cook tough cuts of meat and venison
shoulder is the perfect candidate for
this recipe we're going to do a braz
venison shoulder in a red wine marinade
and brazing is my favorite technique
because it's a way to let the collagen
break down and turn really buttery as it
Cooks over a slow period of time in a
braid with a liquid and some aromatics
it's super simple I just added a little
bit of olive oil in my pan I'm going to
Brown the venison on both sides super
simple and then to that I'm going to add
all kinds of vegetables I've got carrots
celery onion little tomato little red
wine this is going to caramelize on both
sides you want to get a nice Brown
and once it's
Browns you're going to want to actually
put it aside so that it
doesn't uh crowd the pan so we can add
the vegetables now another way to think
about game and tough cuts of game
especially is how you're handling it
before it even gets to the kitchen so
aging is super important and most people
don't think about aging at all uh I like
to age my venison up to 17 days and if
you haven't aged it before you got it
into your kitchen you can actually age
it at home in your refrigerator so even
if you go to the grocery store and get a
tough cut of meat you can actually still
age it on your own it's really important
because it really helps uh the collagen
breakdown uh the enzymes start to
caramelize and really become much more
flavorful so this venison has been aged
in the refrigerator uh tough cuts of
meat I say up to 5 to 7 Days uncovered
more tender cuts of meat you can
actually just um cover them lightly in
some plastic wrap and let them age for 3
or 4 days
so this is nice and brown I'm adding
carrots
onion and my
celery little bit of
garlic we're just going to let
those get nice and brown
too and and the brown little bits are
going to are going to be what add that
flavor so you want to get things as
brown as you can really high heat is
important
and once you see those brown bits start
to form that's when when you're going to
deglaze them with the red wine and
that's important so give it a nice
toss and once you see those brown bits
caramelized at the bottom of your pan
you're going to go ahead and add that
red
wine starts to smell really good smell
that garlic that carrot that celery
and then as it starts to simmer you're
going to scrape up those brown
bits we're going to add our aromatics
which is we have a little H bay leaf
thyme a little clove you can get
experimental you can add some mustard
seed you can add some black pepper corns
then you just add your venison right on
top and then to
that that's when you add your liquid and
the liquid's going to help it braze and
you you want to fully cover it the way
you would a stew you just want to let it
come up to the sides so we have a
homemade venison stock you can use store
bought if you if you're in a pinch which
is totally fine but it's great to use
those extra bones and turn those into a
stock if you
can after you've added the stock you're
going to add your tomatoes and you're
just going to add a little extra flavor
and thickness to the
sauce and then we're just going to cover
it up and stick it right in the oven and
it's just going to sit there for two and
a half hours the texture is going to
become buttery the sauce is going to
thicken it's just going to melt in your
mouth so let's go stick it in
there so I've strained some of our
venison brazing liquid and I'm reducing
it in a pan as a sauce and you just want
to keep reducing until it's nice and
thick about by half meanwhile I have
some of our Venison and some of those
vegetables on a plate and they're nice
and buttery and delicious all of that
collagen is really broken down so it's
super tender now and we have a nice
thick pan
sauce and you're just going to do a
little drizzle right over onto your
venison that's just going to add a
little richness of
flavor and there you go dig in it's
going to be delicious and juicy and
flavorful this recipe and many more are
available my book girl Hunter girl
Hunter is available on Amazon at Barnes
& Noble at indiebound or wherever books
are sold
[Music]