[Music]
hi guys I'm back and today I'm gonna
show you how to make a very delicious
recipe
it is a fettuccine alfredo like a shrimp
fettuccine alfredo it is so tasty guys
it is so easy to make very delicious my
family loved this recipe and all my
friends that I've made this in the past
they go nuts it is very easy to make so
let's get started so guys the first
thing that I'm going to do is to cook my
shrimps
so enough in a pan over medium heat I'm
going to go ahead and add some butter
and allow the butter to melt once the
butter hot now so we're going to go
ahead and add one clove of garlic and
we're gonna add our shrimps that are
appealed event they're nice and clean
they don't have the tail if you want you
can leave the tail on but it is easier
to eat if they don't have the tail so
you're gonna add that in there and cook
it for about three minutes controller
nice and pink on both sides and after
that we're going to remove it from the
heat you're gonna put it in a plate or a
different Bowl with all the juices and
then we're going to go ahead we're going
to add my butter to the pan
we are with a little bit of olive oil
and we're going to go ahead and add our
onions that I diced and we're going to
cook this onion for about two to three
minutes until it's softened after that
we're going to go ahead and add some
minced garlic and cook for about 30
seconds until nice and fragrant and now
we're gonna add a chicken bouillon cube
that's gonna be like my salt and you can
give so much flavor to this dish is just
amazing so just adding layer until it's
nice and dissolve and then we're going
to go ahead and add some cream cheese
mix everything together until retention
nice and soft and it's mixed throughout
then we're going to go ahead and add
some heavy cream and we're going to
bring this mixture to a simmer
[Music]
once that makes you have thicken up and
it's too awesome are we going to go
ahead and our shrink back and mix
everything together at this point I
tasted her first seasoning it was great
I'm gonna grate a little bit of Parmesan
cheese this is optional but you really
don't need these Parmesan cheese but I
really added for extra rich tuning
flavor and then we're going to go ahead
and our pasta that I cook I cut this
pasta according to package instructions
and then you're gonna mix everything
together in that respect so guys I
really hope that you enjoyed my recipe
for shrimp fettuccine alfredo
this is recipe it is my version of it it
is so tasty the recipe will be linked in
the description box if you want to make
it I really hope you get to try it
because it is just so delicious eat it
with garlic bread or with a salad it is
just amazing don't forget to follow me
on my social media like Facebook
Instagram or snapchat that's where
things get more personal so I see you in
my next upload bye