hi everyone welcome back to my channel
and if you are new welcome having
trouble falling asleep at night well in
today's video I have the perfect tea
that is going to help you to fall asleep
sometime we have so many things on our
mind that we just cannot fall asleep now
this tea is going to be perfect and with
this tea you definitely need no sleeping
pill it's going to help you to be
relaxed and it's going to help you to
fall asleep in no time so if you're
interested in seeing how I prepare this
tea then continue watching so to make
our tea we're going to need bananas and
these are ripe
bananas we're going to need some
cinnamon and if you have cinnamon stick
that's perfect but I'm using the powder
today so the first thing we're going to
do we're going to wash
and we're going to wash the bananas and
we're going to cut them in
slices now we're going to use them as
His with the skin
on after slicing we're going to place
our bananas in the
pot next we're going to need one
teaspoon of
cinnamon we're just going to sprinkle
this all over if you were using a stick
then you just drop it in
we're going to pour a cup of water and
we're basically using 8 oz per
banana we're going to place this on the
stove and you want to boil this for at
least 10
minutes as soon as the bananas start to
separate from the skin that's when you
know it is ready now here is what it
looks like after boiling for 10 minutes
and we're going to let this cool a bit
you don't want it to be room temperature
but at the same time you don't want it
to be too
hot next we're going to strain our tea
so here is our cup of freshly brewed
banana tea which is going to be perfect
to help us sleep at night
enjoy now here's my cup of
tea and this is very tasty you could
actually taste the sweetness from from
the bananas so therefore you need no
sugar in this tea this is just perfect
the way it is now you want to have this
tea just before bed and you can have
this tea every single night since fresh
is better you don't want to make it for
an entire week so two days Supply is
perfect so go ahead and try this tea
there you have it and please remember to
share this video give me a thumbs up if
you like this video comment comment and
if this is your first time watching
Remember to subscribe on your way out
for more videos like these and I will
see you all in my next video bye-bye