hi this an how can we talk and we're
going to be talking today about leek
reeds
this is your typical leek in fact it's
already been cut if you actually grow
them they're going to be a lot longer
these are the greens that most people
throw away or they put in the compost or
they may use it for soup stock but I'm
here to tell you that you can actually
use these and these are quite yummy so
what I do is I basically cut right here
as you can see and I use these greens up
here now I'm gonna open this up these
tend to be very sandy sometimes dirty
because the way weeks are grown so when
you do cut them make sure you wash them
well so I'm gonna put this over to the
side see all the sand here this is ones
that I've already cut now the best way
to dehydrate that mix that's what I'm
going to be doing is cut them off here's
one section here you can cut them down
like I'm gonna make them like chip size
so you could cut them this way at three
inches if you want you can cut them if
you want them to be long you can cut
them this way like that and then cut
them you know in half if you want it's
whatever you're going to use them for or
you're going to store them in a certain
way I tend to like the three inches
because I like to come to chip size so
once you're done cutting I'm just gonna
cut them to three inches because that's
what I like you're going to put them on
a cookie sheet with parchment paper or
you can use your dehydrator I'm using
the cookie sheet method because most of
you may not have dehydrators and you put
it on your lowest setting and the other
which mine is 130 degrees and you're
going to simply put gather these all
over your all over your parchment paper
so they can dehydrate so I'm just gonna
kind of show you what I do because this
will take too long if I lay them all out
for you that's just kind of what I do
now I pop this into the oven at 130
degrees and it cooks for about eight
hours if your setting is higher it may
cook for less but what you want them to
look like when they're done is kind of a
crispy chip like this they're going to
look like this now because I cook them
in the oven they're not gonna retain
their color but they will retain their
color and a dehydrator if you put it
into your hydrator you want to do it
about 110 degrees it will probably take
you 24 hours but again everybody's
dehydrator is different just check on
them and they want to sound like this
see how it like it like a chip and you
don't have to put any seasonings on them
you can if you want I did it I think
they taste fine by themselves and I have
a blog post that I wrote with 11 recipes
using the leeks now I dehydrate them and
in these recipes they actually use them
in the recipes so again don't toss these
out they're great tasting they actually
taste better dehydrated then the white
part of the leek I don't know why but
they just do so this is an hackman for
you talk in the comments below let me
know what you do with your leek greens
and I will see you in the next video