put your finger in here gopher mounds
around here all over so it's probably
like what two Gophers one or two and
they make several mounds and anyway what
we're doing we're just setting a little
traps in the holes and then we're
pulling or putting the grass back over
it and then we leave in three to seven
days and then we come back and then we
pull the plugs and all the traps and
then we see if the Gophers are caught
all right now I'm just putting the
little plug we'll grab plug right over
it
you want to put that that pin a little
bit more Center on that ring so the this
has to go in a very exact middle there's
a little indentation right right here
right there yep
you got it perfect
watch right there you don't catch right
here we put the flag right there with
the rope sticking out so that we can I
easily identify where we put the traps
at so we can just come here and then
pull the plug get the traps and leave so
if we snatch a gopher and it's still
alive and it tries to get away it won't
be able to go very far because the rope
is attached to the trap and it's
sticking up above
oh goes two ways how cool because that
one it goes this way
smash it with your fingers dear Prince