hi guys how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen today we show you how to
make roast beef inside a giant Yorkshire
pudding with vegetables and gravy and
all that stuff I can't cause an
intentional but it kinda looks like an
upside-down heart or bum but hope you
give it a go ah there's a place in your
house where it's cool to chill get some
me time or even cook a meal it's your
kitchen mofo in no time - slap - just
grab yourself a penny and this work that
ass dizzy scared of this place
mmm need to bother just lay down your
weapons and pick up another claim you
know that's why I said - money they
didn't understand in hi-yah cool
so hopefully you've already seen what
this recipe looks like and gone through
the annoying interest song which some of
you love if you do love it I want to see
the whole music video type cooking is
nice my virgin kitchen and you'll see
the whole thing ya little plug okay so
if you want to do this recipe here all
the ingredients hit pause on the video
now and write them all down before we
pack on obviously this is quite British
thing we know our roast dinners on a
Sunday but any day that week will do my
friend this recipe is gonna be a giant
you'll just put in with a beef in there
I'm gonna try and do more recipes for
you she's gonna love it
little myth is that obviously would be
being English or British I give been
asked about four or five times in the
last week alone do I live near the Queen
or do I know the Queen now I know
England is quite a small country but
it's not like she pops around excuse me
hello it's gonna be me Creek we come
round for a cup of tea and she comes
around with the dogs and that that
doesn't happen
I'm afraid so anyhow let's get cooking
it's quite a fun recipe it's going oh my
gosh that looks like a footprint of net
I'm gonna top down for a minute because
the Sun is very bright so I've got three
eggs here three Oaks there you go we're
gonna crack them get the egg and the
yolk into this bowl right here let's go
alright then folks I've got my flour
here and a funky tub that Phoebe wrote
out for me I've got so much flour
cupboards we decided to put in these big
container things and it works kind of
well so over here I'm with three eggs
and we're just gonna chuck but every egg
use one tablespoon of flour okay alright
there's my first one and then just
another two tablespoons so now we grab
our whisk and just start to mix that in
initially before we add our milk in with
this it's gonna get quite thick okay
it's only been the first minute
lots of lumps and s22 work them through
baby so you can electric whisk if you
want but we're not done there we need to
add our milk okay so we're just gonna
add it in little batches but you don't
want it too thin at this stage just
gonna keep whisking it in doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo and one other
one really cool way to measure this
axiom as well is it's all about volumes
so if you've got a glass and you feel
like the eggs up to say there if you get
them flower and fit up to there and also
the milk up to there it should just
about work out so do it any way you want
right-handed folks my arms are tired I'm
whisking this up and those lumps have
all gone out of it it's nice and texture
of my paint I could put on my walls so
what I'm just finishing this off there's
a random fact for you Dick Van Dyke
who's in Mary Poppins and she cheating
bang man legend is on Twitter okay it's
actually him so I tweeted him in the day
I was like hey like Bert so I'll call it
Burke about the chimney sweep looks like
why don't like we do video I'll be Mary
Poppins and newbie Bert the chimney
sweep and we make chim ginger rhubarb
crumble okay that's the consistency I'm
out there looking good little pinch of
salt in there and then spill that fruit
and all we do now let's put the side for
a good hour to do its things we move on
to other stuff this recipe is all about
like criss-crossing
yeah okay so if you've got any milk left
over from your batter recipe have a
little sip yes very good very nice
vegetables here I've got some parsnips
which I've sort of quarter just cut them
down and down again I got some leek I
cut up just to give it a little bit of
color I've got some baby carrots which I
chopped off the ends like this
and some baby potatoes which I caught it
so those are the vegetables I'm gonna
get in a bowl all right so there's my
bowl potato is it parsnips baby baby
carrots and the leeks which are very
popular in Wales yeah so we just pour in
about a tablespoon and a half of olive
oil nice and coat in it trying to keep
this as simple as a can but you can't
add loads of seasonings here so we'll
just go for some brown black pepper
ooh did you do as much or as little as
you like grab a spoon and just stir it
through get it all coated in that oil
get the pepper all over that veg right
it's looking quite slick now what
somebody's been in a sauna someone arts
may be sweating away it's pouring it in
slightly oven proof tray just gonna
scatter it out trying to make it all
touch the bottom
get round so it all is there it's great
wheel it in like so and then you're
gonna start the point that you see in
the other okay so that vegetable tray is
ready it's in the oven at the
temperature as below which we will crank
up a little later on when it comes to
the Yorkshire pudding just put that in
there put on the middle shelf initially
it's gonna get cooked again in a bit but
we need to move on to our meat butch
face alright guys so this alone looks
like a mouth hello I'm the meat this is
topside beef and the cool thing about me
doing the videos for the time now is I
can pop to the butchers and get some
real decent stuff before it shuts on my
way home so this is some real nice meat
so what I'm gonna do first of all plonk
it in a bowl again I'm gonna get some
olive oil and pepper again but yeah you
can see is it a mustard powder to make
some herbs grind it all up and mortar
and pestle but I want to keep it as
simple as I can
yeah so the olive oil on there oh my
goodness this is extra virgin olive oil
it was meant to be virgin kitchen and
well yeah so I'm just gonna work that
around they get it we mostly lubricate
it and then I'm gonna season it okay so
I'm seasoning that really really well
because that is how I want it done
here's a little story for you actually
means by went for an Italian of the
night and this Italian guy I was like
yeah this is like a massive pepper mill
and this Italian guy came out with this
thing it was like a like a like a creme
what a building site was killed
I'm talking about the pepper mill okay
um so yeah well that goes okay so what a
lovely little peppered strip on there
and you know you get this time sometimes
I just can't find it I'm without a lot
of cuff on my keys I come from the
wallet today and capped by my little
tray that would fit perfectly for that
beef so what I've got is another
sandwich tin which it should fit or and
let's have a go yeah that do okay so
it's time to plate in the oven the
vegetables are staying down there
exactly the same temperature as well in
the oven let's just get it on the top
shelf initially there's so many
variables in terms of how he wouldn't
meat is well I'll just do some Google
research and put it on there so you can
have a look depend on what size and me
you buy okay so if it at this stage you
get the right to have a little bit of a
break while you meat is cooking to your
liking um so grab yourself a little bit
of your leftover milk oh yeah we're
healthy today
no Jager bombs milk bombs today your
batter is still here to the side doing
its thing we're going to use it very
very soon in fact it's the whole hub of
this recipe basically um actually I've
got a story for you about our milk
missus
very when she was pregnant with Phoebe
Chloe's obviously more than newborn she
let me try a little bit of breast milk
she put it in the shot glass I don't
know how she got it there maybe she got
the nipple and squeezed it in there
anyway I'll tell you it's one of the
nicest milk I ever had I told you that
okay it's about three minutes away from
you taking the meat out because we need
to do some crazy steps now so the
vegetables have come out and they've
softened been really good but they will
go in a little extra longer as well on
the top shelf okay so what we need to do
in preparation for Yorkshire put in
thing is get a big sort of cake tin like
that might be wrapped one I've come for
my high edges if you haven't got that
don't worry about it and we'll get some
olive oil just in the middle there as
well and we're gonna put it in the oven
so just the warm up so let's do that
right now right so just put that tray
down there on the middle shelf
temperature it's still the same for the
minute we just want to warm that oil up
get it really hot so let's take the meat
out smelling so so good now apparently I
don't know why but some reason it's good
to let your meat rest for half an hour
so it gives us perfect timing to get
this Yorkshire pudding done we're gonna
put some tinfoil over this but first of
all there's some little juices at the
bottom I'm going to point to a jug okay
so the only about a tablespoon of juice
in there but I want to get it out so
let's do it right now while it's still
hot all right so I'm just pouring that
in like so not too much that'll do okay
so I've covered it in tin for I'm going
to rest it for a good half an hour the
vegetables are ready to go back in and
we call that jug there so first of all
let's get that pan of hot oil back out
and Chuck our batter in it okay so this
oil is nice and hot it's all sort of
spread around and pouring that mixture
straight in there there's a very slight
sizzle when I did that I'm going to get
it right to the edges like so so turn
your oven up to the temperature which
I'll put down the bottom here right now
and plunk it in there on the middle
shelf this is me plonking it in there on
the middle shelf notice the veg is on
the top okay so we're gonna move on to
our gravy pretty much the last intense
step or this recipe puffin building it
and eating it don't don't don't don't
open the oven let York's pudding okay
just let it rise this is that fat juice
to be right there
if you don't reserved it just use some
butter instead so I'm gonna use a
combination of this and butter so in
goes that oh yeah still hot right in
that pan on low flame get about a
teaspoon this is a teaspoon right I'm
gonna teaspoon high not sweet yeah I'm a
teaspoon a little bit butter like that
in there with it never start to add some
flour okay so that fat on the butter it
seasoned away nicely in goes two
tablespoons of flour and 300 milliliters
of water I actually use the jug where
that fat came from use a little bit just
in case to one side then stir that free
gradually initially just to get rid of
the lumps I'm now crumbling in a big
stock cube just to make sure it has got
that greatness in there you can do this
without it but I'm just being cautious
today last but not least I'm gonna add a
cheeky little bit of honey you don't
have to do this but I'll try and give it
just a little sweet kick just like a
teaspoon of it and stir this all through
bring it up to a very low simmer okay
guys this is starting to thicken up you
put see little bubbles starting up here
and I'm diggin it it might just be the
British man in me but it does look like
a nice cup of tea maybe I will bring the
Queen fer to come out and have some so
you can like change that any way you
want you can thin it with some water
thicken it with some flour add some
herbs in there may be some Vegemite or
Marmite
like if you can get that in your country
just you know if you want to make it a
little bit more tangy instead of the
honey like a reverse effect anyhow all
I'm gonna do I don't have a light in my
oven so I'm gonna flush it in with my
phone just to see if that's risen keep
an eye on the octopus in let me play it
up so let's jump to that step baby yeah
okay so let's eat it the plate is there
a bit precautionary because you could
eat it straight out of Yorkshire pudding
ball oh yeah not too brown on the bottom
just getting nice and firm smells good
this will just pop straight out of that
tin yeah there we go little bit of a
kink in it anyhow let's fill it up with
our veg yeah there's not much technique
to this step what I'm doing is actually
getting the big spoon just scattering
the veg all in the bottom I'm gonna try
and leave a little compartment maybe
just in the corner to put my meat in it
but it's wicked and if you can see the
parsnip still nice and charred they've
got like little black bum I like you see
that black bun there it is boom and it
goes so the meat I cut into funky strips
I just layered it in there so just tuck
it but all in as you can now that my
friends is a big old portion that could
easily be shared for two people alone as
it is let's get the gravy on first of
all but if you're on your own like I am
I've got any quite a big dinner for one
person here we go then let's just pour
some of that gravy straight on top oh my
goodness so there we are folks
easy-peasy a massive Yorkshire pudding
bow like that making me muffin tins the
smaller one so we don't even have to
stuff them don't worry
I just have it on the side they'll go
creating shapes and stuff like that so
uh I have a wicked old taste of it now
okay you're gonna have to excuse me
because I've got a fork full of pretty
much everything on there
actually do tasting now I feel like dick
that's my dick
I feel like Dick Van Dyke in Mary
Poppins on there with my chimney sweep
I'm going chim chiminey chim chim Tarrou
you know it makes sense dick let's do it
that tastes um but Lee buh buh
so if I can make that absolutely anyone
in the world counts the first time I've
ever made that so you can definitely do
it
check out my virgin kitchen calm for
other funky recipes please share comment
and like the video I do my best
always keep it fair but gonna ask to
interact with you and I'll see you again
next time cheers big ears