is the sharon at Fidan fund calm and you
can see my barley is soaking in water
it's been less than 15 minutes and the
barley is already plumped up quite a bit
I've stirred it with the end of a knife
and I use that end instead of the
cutting end and I've added more water I
didn't have as much water in here
the amount I had was already almost used
up so I'm gonna let that keep soaking
for a little while and hopefully that
will make the barley less hard to chew
because that can be a little bit of a
tough grain we'll see how it goes and I
rinsed it twice before I got to this
point and you can see the water is still
pretty cloudy so I'm pretty sure I'm
going to cook in this water though and I
think it's going to be very good be sure
to fit in fun no matter what you're
doing