hi guys this is me Rusty 78609 doing one
of my professional videos I got I'm
making a fashion statement too I got on
a my best fruit of L Loom t-shirt even
got my name monogrammed in it one of my
subscribers did that for me but what I
want to talk about right now is how to
remove moisture from your home your van
if you live in one or your travel
trailer if you live in one this is a
travel trailer I'm in right now I've
lived in travel trailer for about 30
years and sometimes you do get a little
moisture buildup on the windows on the
inside in the winter particularly in
Texas not too much in the summer but
every now and then if it's humid it gets
a little damp inside the home so to
speak and it you know any even houses
doesn't matter but a good you know you
can buy a dehumidifier that's a given
they're a little pricey but you can and
they work great however you can also do
it a different
way and this product is called damp rid
d a m let me tou you look at it damp rid
d m p r i d okay come these are the
little packets these are the refills and
they go in these little containers right
here and these little containers have
openings all the way around to let the
air in and then that these things these
little packets right here you put one in
each container I've got two I put one in
the bedroom I've got one in the kitchen
area near the bathroom area and cuz in
the RV there's just not much room I know
my head's cut off but I don't care and
cuz you don't want to see it anyway but
anyway so these are about these refills
are about $8 delivered from Amazon and
if you get the starter kit you know it
comes with I think you can get one kit
that comes with two of these and it
comes with four packages of stuff refill
and
um they'll last you about well these
these containers will last I guess years
I've never replac these I've had these
for about three years and all I do is
just buy the refills and uh
they last about uh one of these refill
packages in in here removing marster
will last about 3 months average kind of
in that it's cheap I mean you know it's
tennies cuz these refill this box is
about eight bucks delivered from Amazon
and if you get these these things uh I
can't remember I think these are about
$4 or5 a piece you know so you spend 10
or 15 bucks and you got the whole set up
and you're good to go for several months
but anyway the way they work is really
unique this is the newer model okay they
had an old model that was different but
this is the good one I like this one
best why because uh you know you put the
bag in here I'll show you this little
lid just this little top just pops off
like this I say like this I say like
what I got to do this got to open this
and then it comes off and then it comes
off every time I try to do come here
okay anyway there's one right here okay
okay but anyway inside this is an empty
empty one it's it doesn't have any stuff
in it so what you do you can see on the
inside of it what you do then is you
take one of these little
puppies the
refills and you put it in
there and this these bags they come in
are really heavy duty plastic or know
you can't you can't hardly tear them but
anyway you take these this is one of
them right here and it's it's kind of a
granulated stuff I don't know what it is
uh but it's non-toxic and all that stuff
and I get the ones that are fragrance
fragrance free CU I don't want any quote
fragrance but anyway you just push this
little puppy down in
here and it'll fit in there you just
kind of have to mash it a little bit to
get it in there and then once you get it
in there you take the
top and put it back on there and it pops
down on there it's got a little snap the
back okay and in the front like that
snap it down in the front and the back
and then what'll happen is over a period
of time you'll see water accumulate in
this base in the bottom here this bottom
part you can it's clear enough you can
see the water level as it accumulates
okay now what what happens is how do you
get the water out well very easy at the
top here this little thing here lifts up
I say it lifts up like this see that and
then you just pour out the water down in
the toilet or wherever you want to pour
it down the drain and then you just
close it back and it snaps back in place
and it's good to go for another month or
whatever okay but anyway I got to get
this in a little better whoops but
anyway there there we go so anyway
that's an empty one this is a full one
and uh it's good to go and that's it
pretty simple huh that's a good way to
to dehumidify your home or
room uh very
inexpensively uh they're fragrance free
the ones I've
got uh just simply follow it's got
instructions on the box shows you how to
do it really simple stuff and uh it'll
also eliminate musty odors you know it's
kind of like it's like I keep baking
soda out here too you know remember the
old baking soda you used to put in your
refrigerator to kind of eliminate odors
well I do that I just keep one open in
the house all the time because you never
know but the reason I keep it here by
the range is it'll it eliminates some
cooking odors that sometimes accumulate
but be that as it may back to the
dehumidifier uh get I use the fragrance
free you can get them with fragrance I
don't particularly care for that but the
instructions are on the Box on how to
use it the this is a refill box but to
get started you'll need to get one of
these little puppies right here and go
to amazon.com just key in damp rid d m p
r i d damp rid at Amazon or Walmart
Walmart carries them too and they might
have them in the store at Walmart I'm
not sure but again it's damp red
fragrance free these the refills will
cost you about seven or eight bucks and
uh you get four pack packages in the
refill
box and each package will last uh
average I'd say 3 months maybe a little
more depends on how hum how high the
humidity is in your area cuz it just
absorbs moisture okay and then on it
once it's depleted it's just an empty
bag like that one and just dispose of it
in the El tro and you're de so having
said that guys for you guys that want to
dehumidify your home try a damp rid from
Amazon Walmart wherever you finded
that's it thumbs up CP your Dam OS bye
bye bye USA made when you can drink
plenty of water gallon a day will not
hurt you uh stretch walk take deep
breaths breathe in through your nose out
through your mouth several times a day
why that relieves stress relieving
stress rowers your blood pressure and
that's two things you can do to stay
healthy without having to go to a doctor
easy peasy drink plenty of water take
deep breaths and then if you want to add
some flavor to that stretch walk and eat
right or eat less less less less you
don't need all that crap so anyway enjoy
your day guys I'm glad y'all got to see
the top there's the top of my head in
case yall were wondering if I had one
anyway byebye enjoy byebye