[Music]
well I can sure see trouble Brewing here
look at that elevation change off that
grassy area to a a retaining wall and
then a beautiful concrete slab that's
been uh stamped and what's going to
happen water is going to run down
underneath right on that hard pan on the
water table down underneath it's going
to come up against that wall down
underneath that slab and it's going to
get down here to the point where it's
wanting to exit but it runs into some
fairly hard soil and there's also some
clay in there as well the water will
build up and back up in underneath that
concrete slab and if you ever get cold
weather the way it goes crack just make
one heck of a mess well I think what I
better do is show what we can do by
putting in what I call the buzz drain
and we're going to dig a trench right
along the side here and uh put in some
well I'll show you but first of all I
better get the gloves on here and get at
it
I'm going to put in a big old drain pipe
perforated this material here I'm going
to put it into the trench I'm going to
cap the end run it down to the curb tee
it around the corner and then I'm going
to put another tee in place that way uh
it'll uh perk the water out of here that
way not allowing any Frost to heave this
slab and cause damage now I'm putting
drain rock over over top of the Big O
pipe
this way this way it'll stop any imped
of water whatsoever it won't be trapped
in any area that way allowing the water
to go through the drain Rock in through
the preparations in the big old pipe and
drain down the incline around the corner
and array into the grassy area now I'm
going to take this landscaping fabric
here that's 3 ft wide and I'm going to
roll it out to the full length of the
driveway then I'm going to fold it into
third and I'm going to tuck it in on top
of the drain rock that way when we back
fill it eliminate any of the silting
going down through impeding the drain
well there you have it the buzz drain
all installed now the water can come
down underneath the soil conditions
underneath that retaining wall
underneath the slab and drop into the
buzz drain and drain right away you can
almost see it seeping into the saw there
now where I've watered it and way off
it'll go being filtered as well before
it even goes in to the big old pipe it's
a real easy project why don't you give
it a try
[Music]