hello and welcome to how to cook great
food with thousands of recipes and
millions of views why not subscribe to
our Channel and doing the family okay so
we're not cooking today just gonna
answer a few emails I've had on how to
butterfly or to spatchcock a chicken so
there's that whole chicken let me get
some gloves on so my chicken see I mean
the little bit of the ring that's
already been cut and I've cut the little
bit of each end just trimmed it just
slightly so what you need to do is you
to turn it over so breast side down and
then what we need to do we're gonna cut
let me see see this knife like we need
to cut that out by that that strip needs
to come out from there down to there now
you can use the knife I'm gonna use this
knife or you could use some scissors if
you want so you would cut there and cut
there get rid of that right there very
simple let's do it
so as you can see we cut right through
there we now need to get this off
same side down there
so as you can see we've taken that out
we can discard that or if you wanted you
could use a positive stock or something
now what we do is attend the chicken
back over spread the legs out that side
and what we need to do here you can just
do this with the palm of your hand you
press on that we need to break that
there let me give that go and that's it
done so there you go
we just need to clean that up again
because we've cut it we've got a little
bit of blood and stuff we need to clean
that up then I'll be back okay so that's
done so as you can see it's nice and
flat I'll just turn it over so you can
see the other side just like that now
now this is great if you're barbecuing
like bind or if you want to cook a whole
chicken just in a pan you can roast this
in kind of you roast it all kind of
it'll cook nice and evenly so yeah just
it's kind of maybe a different way for
you to cook your barbecue or something
like that really simple and glad to have
it quite a few emails about it so that's
how you spatchcock or butterfly a whole
chicken don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel
we see you soon not enough
with thousands of recipes and millions
of a's why not subscribe to our channel
and join the family
[Music]