um so what's next on the agenda Mike
well we've talked balls yeah now it's
time to move a little further back to
the anal canal and that's an extremely
sensitive topic because it's important
we have to talk about colorl Cancers and
we've already had people giggling
because it is it's embarrassing you know
that's understandable because it's a
tabary of the body but it's important to
look after those parts you have colon
cancer you have prostate cancer equally
as important that we look after both in
fact prostate cancer is a second most
common cancer death in men so but how do
you check for it so we have to do
something called a digital retile exam
and it's something people don't love to
talk about it's a finger up the bum
isn't it it's a finger up the bum I love
the way she said up the bum and that was
so newor I love that it sounded a bit
Maffia going to stick my finger up your
F all right Carry On Carry well yes
that's what puts people off and that's
understandable but what our job as a
doctor is is to make the patient feel
comfortable but can I ask you something
yeah as a doctor when somebody comes in
and says look I'm a bit worried my
stools are different or something do you
think oh no I've got to do absolutely
not deina we are medical professionals
we do this on a daily basis there's no
need to be scared to have this
conversation with your doctor and it's
not even fear though it's embarrassment
we' got overcome it fear and
embarrassment need to be overcome and
that's exactly what we're going to do
today we're going to demystify the whole
process for you how do you feel you
ready good I'm ready all right we have
I'm going to get my glove actually and
this amazing robotic rectum which is
something I never thought I would say is
a prototype developed by the Imperial
College of London and it uses robotic
technology to allow us to simulate what
it's like to put a finger up the bum
which is amazing which is what you're
going to do do that I going to do this
so we have a patient and a bum and
you're alive aren't you
yes you thought we were
joking okay so normally you would put
some lube on the finger important not to
hurt the patient so the most important
thing is that the patient is comfortable
during the exam y because if your
patient is uncomfortable you'll get a
signs of sensation of pain and it might
misguide you in your treatment and
that's why we got to look at the face at
the same time exactly you're pay
attention to the bottom side but you
also have to pay attention to the top
side because if the patient shows an
expression of pain that could be a sign
that something else is going on so index
finger index finger Palm facing down in
the patient and just go right ahead and
insert
hang on I got around here I am inside
but I got to attach myself to the uh the
robotic rep the robotic rep okay okay
got it you're inside I'm inside first
thing you're checking how is the
sphincter tone tight that's a good
thing well it's true but that's
important isn't it you can have an
unhealthy sphincter exactly if you have
a loose sphincter that could be a sign
of neurological problem or that there's
a mass in the way preventing the
sphincter from closing so next I can
feel something there you want to do a
full 360Â° sweep of the area yeah and you
feel that ball like object there that's
the prostate that's what we're checking
for in men not women so don't get tricky
no but what you're doing is you're
looking for any masses lumps bumps
irregularity outside of that ball-shaped
object it feels smooth to me that's a
perfect process but you know what's
amazing I can actually is it am I in the
right place well that's the machine
that's what's amazing about this machine
not only is she feeling the simulation
of it but she's also watching it live on
this monitor here that simulates what
organ she's touching so listen I'm
coming out I'm coming out so now before
you come out finish your sweep and check
the whole rectal area to check for any
rectal cancers I'm sorry yes okay we've
got to do are you okay Freddy we have to
do this very quick is good got to do it
very quickly okay okay now we can come
out no masses no masses you want to come
out slowly and gently to not cause any
discomfort and always take the glove off
first no discomfort there Freddy good
fine glove off I'm getting her a medical
degree cuz that was way too good for her
first time