there's a lot of Legos look at this Lego
city records over 2,000 pieces we have
rocked at that beautiful Lego store
you're ready to go ahead and pick the
cool aquarium decoration let's do it
look at this there's so many things we
have to get something that's very
appropriate very nice for our goldfish
that they deserve only the best like you
my women come here
perfect there's Lego cities
oh there's entire Lego cities can we
find something that seems aquatic guys
let's look around there's a little lego
city creator it's a little a little boat
like a sunken ship this looks kind of
nice hmm shall we
maybe oh look this is how we did our
fish trap guys if you haven't checked
that out hello did you find anything you
liked you like Star Wars
so it's Star Wars aquarium decoration or
Jurassic world was pretty cool let's see
what we have over here then there's that
ninja go but like shouldn't be like a
sunken ship it's kind of appropriate for
a Lego aquarium decoration
what do you think ha ha
there's minecraft and then just this
girl guys happy look how happy that
guy's there's so much stuff in here to
choose from yeah like uh like a ninja
city you know we gotta make sure it's
term urges cuz we're that sand and
everything like that but what we're
gonna do what are we gonna do ladies and
gentlemen there's a lot of Legos look at
this Lego City assembly Square is pretty
cool but now we have to go ahead and go
down we have to find what we want do we
want a diner
do we want to creator more creators oh
yo did you see that do you see this dead
man tails no time this is actually
really cool
how many doll hairs 179 dollars
it's a buggies pretty cool but this is
pretty amazing we might have to go with
this hold on it's empty
what hello okay please double check
because this is the coolest thing ever
you didn't know you did you did that
what do you think the thing is huge it's
I like it's like a sunken ship with a
little shark that some pirates I think
it's perfect
I think it's gonna be absolutely
ingenious what do you think glad we have
you here to build the entire thing so
that I don't have to deal with it at all
whatsoever
thank goodness gracious it would have
been this could have been really bad
really bad do we have it you have it in
the back perfect perfect
so now the time has come I think we've
chosen what do you think wish I was grab
it you think it's pretty great which one
what is that one more time
no that's go ahead and check out and
we're gonna go ahead and build our lego
goldfish city Oh Clara yeah all right
guys we made it back with our beautiful
Lego piece you mind taking that off for
me go go go go go go go they double
bagged it cuz it's so heavy it's so
official look at this we have little
seamen we have little sharks also at the
bottom guys check that out this is gonna
be so cool
so exciting turn that sucker it's gonna
be absolutely fire so let's get right to
building what do you think let's get
right to building
[Music]
alright guys Joey's in the bathroom
sorry to bore you fell that nonsense I'm
time it's time for some action so look
at my tour this is so much
[Music]
Lily's finishing up that part look at
this this looks absolutely insane guys
it's massive only 40 days and 40 nights
it took to go ahead and complete this
entire thing we're moving the stuff to
the side we have little sharks adding
the final pieces and then we're putting
the sucker in the fish tank are you
ready are you ready out of here all
right guys I know it's been a very long
time since you guys seen the goldfish
army but it's right here
doing very well now the water is low
because we're putting in our brand new
decoration by Lego look at this it's
gonna be absolutely insane now we're
gonna put this buddy and now I'm putting
it this way because we have to add sand
I decided to take the water out because
we have to go ahead and add sand and on
top of that we also have to remove the
previous decoration look at these guys
there's so many right there's a billion
there's a lot of them so without further
ado we're gonna go ahead and I have this
bad boy in but first let's go ahead and
see how everyone's doing everyone doing
good huh go forth and take out all the
stuff my way ya know there's some extra
stuff down there from the heater and
stuff well we took that up anyone came
out No okay cool let's grab that right
there
thank you so much we go ahead and doing
this it's kind of perfect cuz I was
right in time for a water change - whoa
whoa relax don't be breaking stuff okay
all right now we have everything we have
this Betty going down now we got to get
the sand look at this these beautiful
fish
and beautiful women as we slowly zoom in
because this doesn't zoom in faster
[Music]
absolutely massive that's gonna be so
cool so we're gonna add Sam I'm certain
parts so it stays still and it sinks now
also I wouldn't recommend this you have
predator fish they're gonna be breaking
your Legos but go fish
only you know who won't you pull it so
it's not that big of a deal so without
further we're gonna put this puppy in as
you can see it's got to be just the
right size it's gonna look like a sunken
ship so I said look pretty though
alright guys so I'm deciding to go ahead
and take off some extra parts that I
don't like as you can see those are all
the parts I don't like it's pretty much
it guys you have to see that we did it's
pretty awesome
that's great using just having a little
bit of fins putting it on top so I can
sink it's actually insane look I'm not
holding it down anymore
it's sitting on its own it's gonna be
awesome alright guys so we're back and
it's time to go ahead and reveal the
thing but before moving in the tank guys
I know what you guys are gonna say I
know it Joey you didn't put anything to
go and seal that Lego piece the pieces
will be flying everywhere the goldfish
sure have been nibbling on it guys I did
went ahead put a little layer of epoxy
over it worry not but enough talking
enough wasting your time let's go ahead
and check out the goldfish tank right
now oh we have arrived and check this
out
it is absolutely insane guys look at
that
that is wild put a polisher in there to
go ahead and always speed up the process
in regards to picking up that extra
dirty sand that was going ahead and
ruining my clarity as always look at
that hello hello hello hello come my
friends you want to eat you haven't seen
them eat today guys you want to go and
see you me yeah Joey was me all right go
you know me I go ahead and always make
sure my fans are super happy so let's go
ahead and feed him real quick and as
always my favorite
the food is a couple of flakes at a time
never overfeed your fish even if you
have a billion go my friends that's
right eat up eat up eat up this is gonna
be such a cool aquarium decoration for
quite some time
oh man look at all these fish this is so
cool oh my god I forgot something we
have the sharks to add there you go guys
so I didn't have any helpers with me but
there are are sharks Oh like in fire
look and absolutely by your I hope you
enjoyed this episode I sure had a great
time making it don't forget to like
subscribe share the whole nine yards and
also you know what follow me on
Instagram and we're going to start using
the Instagram a lot as well and whoever
these the best comment I'm gonna go
ahead and start pinning comments doing
all these little common stuff so has to
be funny ask them you know what has to
make me laugh so guys do your best as
always and may the best lair win and
I'll see you in the next life venture
booyah
[Music]