they say you shouldn't wear stripes on
camera I'm going to do it anyways all
right I have a confession to make for a
while there I was a boxed almond milk
Drinker listen I know that only 2% of
what's in the carton is almonds making
the other 90% of it filled
[Music]
with I tried noking my nuts squeezing it
with all my might but the whole process
was daunting and I heard it was easy but
them people are straight up lies
seriously who has time for all that I
thought I was doomed to live in boxes
filled with kagin until I figured out
the secret to having the best nutmilk
you'll ever
have so if you can relate then you are
going to love what I've got in store for
you are you ready if so let's do
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this hey there it's Melissa Ramos
nutritionist with a background in
Chinese medicine I'm also the boss lady
of sexy food therapy helping people feel
sexy from the inside out now before we
begin I'd like to give some mad love to
my sponsor St Francis who are in my
opinion the leaders in herbal wisdom
okay so let me start out by saying this
remove the guilt truthfully I am sick
and tired of practitioners and other
people shaming on folks because they
didn't have time to squeeze their nuts
you know box almond milk contains
cancer-causing preservatives right don't
forget kinan causes gut inflammation and
what you're drinking is is just filtered
cloudy ground up almonds so what you're
doing is wrong and it's just plain gross
all right you want me to squeeze some
nuts I'll squeeze your nuts for you
listen it's not to say that these
reports are wrong but if you've recently
switched over from dairy and then gone
to boxed almond milk that's huge so
don't beat yourself up the good news is
is I've got just about the easiest
recipe that you're ever going to make
that's not only healing to the gut but
also protein packed here's how to make
it the reason why that I'm using cashews
is because they blend up easy without
having to squeeze out any excess
pulp you're going to begin by soaking
one cup of cashews in water with four
Brazil nuts did you know that two Brazil
nuts equals your recommended daily
allowance of selenium and selenium is a
Powerhouse mineral That's essential for
our immune system and thyroid function
after a couple of hours drain the water
and add to a blender with four cups of
filtered water next add in 2 to 3
teaspoons of organic vanilla extract
next I'm going to be adding in 4 tbspoon
of cold soluble gelatin which is going
to give me roughly about 5 g of protein
per cup
and then I'm going to be adding in a
couple of pinches of sea salt plus you
can even add in a couple of dates if you
really want to add in a bit of extra
sweetness then blend for a couple of
minutes on high until smooth then pour
drink and
enjoy this mixture will last an airtight
mason jar in your fridge for up to 3 to
4 days no nutmilk squeezing necessary
it's that simple so if you love this
video then make sure to tell all your
friends and share the love and don't
forget to subscribe to my YouTube
channel but if you're still sitting
there wondering what to do with your
health then make sure to check out my
instant Health assessment Now by
clicking the link at the end of this
video see
[Music]
[Applause]
you it's our party we can do what we
want it's our party we can say what we
want it's our party we can love who we
want we can kiss who we want we can sing
what we want
[Music]
of sweaty bodies everywhere hands in the
air like we don't care cuz we came to
have so much fun now somebody here might
get some now if you're not ready to go
home can I get
H cuz we going to go all night till we
see the
sunlight we should totally form our own
girl band right guys
we
want this is our house is our rules We
Can't
Stop we won't stop