it is all about our spring fever cuz
spring fever it is definitely in the air
and we've got something very special
coming up on Wednesday for you take a
look e
could that be any look don't you love
big flowers huge I love big flowers wow
um welcome to Roberto's unique Gardens
I'm Jackie Gonzalez joining me court
walline with Gorgeous hotpick Flowers
over the top absolutely gorgeous the
Dalia
Extravaganza this collection um
$37.95 it is the last day at the
featured price we sold out last March
and these are the only quantities
available for the entire season right
now many of you made this your very
first purchase of QVC and please uh
Bodacious um there there you go now for
those of you who want to be able to pick
these up call into our 800 number
qvc.com if you've never shopped with us
before there's a got to grow guarantee
so Court why overthe top dolly well
first of all what you're looking at is
four different varieties and you're
getting all four in this collection just
want to let you know yes but why are
these so special Jackie because in the
world there's
57,000 varieties of dalas really but
there's only 20 of this brand new
reclassified over-the-top Dalia in
they're 12 to 14 in they're larger than
a dinner plate there's only 20 in the
whole world World Jackie one Farm in the
Netherlands way in the back where they
still have windmills producing
electricity this family has been
breeding dalas for 110 years for color
size and Bloom count and they this is
what they came up with my goodness I
can't imagine the pedal count on on each
one of these let's take a look at at the
images and you can really get into the
pedal count like a bumblebee I love them
absolutely here we go that's some good a
good garden planting idea there these
will show up in the back of your yard if
you live on a farm these will show up in
the back 40 oh they will yeah and so
here's the first one that we're going to
look at it's called the aanon and it's a
pristine Cotton white flower with
streaks and splashes of purple
throughout hundreds of petals like you
said 12 to 14 in across about 3 to 5T
tall the striping is beautiful the
stripings are gorgeous and if you were a
little bumblebee you just get lost
inside those petals oh they'd be happy
and then we also have a Bodacious which
is a really pretty um orange red and
yellow look at that it looks like
tongues on fire oo that's beautiful
Jackie these will Bloom show their color
in 80 Days From the time you plant them
Frost nip we don't want any more Frost
you won't have it and then you get your
grand finale Grand Finale it's a a rich
Marino red these are um just the perfect
plant uh for Mass plantings you can put
them in containers if we've never grown
doia before what do what's the key
element for Success okay let's show you
what you're going to get I'm so happy
you asked look at these they look like
little tubers this is the bulbs they
look like fingerling tubers and what
you're going to do is plant these about
4 in deep okay all right they like the
hot sun they love the wet you feed them
well I grow them just like a tomato oh
and then in 80 Days this is what you're
going to get 80 days and you don't have
to pick which color you're getting all
of them Jack these are the only
quantities that we have for this growing
season and it is also the last day at
this price so for those of you who want
to get it last day available at
$37.95 you'll keep that price we're not
going to ship them out until it's the
right time to plant look at those I want
to show you each one of these strong
sturdy stems is going to get flowers so
you will be able to cut multiple flowers
they already feel like they're staked
themselves they're very thick they are
very thick I actually recommend extra
staking just to be careful cuz you know
if you let these flowers grow 12 to 14
in on your plant that's a showster
exactly you know um but you can cut them
when they're smaller bring them inside
but really the more you cut the more you
get with these you can't grow wrong
beautiful um and it's really about the
showman shift now we can put okay how do
we take care of that we put them in the
ground we need to put them in pots what
should we do okay I would say if you
have a home and a yard put them in the
ground you can put them in hot full sun
wow you water them in heavily feed them
just like you do your tomatoes and in 80
Days you'll have color and these are
going to be blooming for you July August
and September year after year after year
get that one get just see the buds where
every stem you pick up stem you're
seeing buds anywhere you look
you're going to have more and more
flowers over 5,000 orders have been
placed today these are the final
quantities that we have for the growing
season and it's the last day at the
featured price I'm lost back here I know
isn't that great not that you're lost
but that these will cover if you have an
area in your house that um is not
attractive let's say plant these and
it'll make it the showstopper of your
yard oh it absolutely will now can I
show you again yes the breeder is the
Netherlands started out with the dinner
plate Dalia just like this after 110
years and this is kind of a salad plate
yeah but now look look at these hug
that's dinner plate look at the
difference here yeah that is incredible
and when you're looking at the amount of
pedals and the depth and the stripes and
the colors and the Showmanship that
you're getting on every single one of
these you can understand why when we
bring them in we can't bring in so many
because they are hard to find you're
right jack as a matter of fact these are
so rare one breeder in the world only 20
varieties you're getting four of them
like the avenon but worldwide demand is
so strong Eric and Kevin travel to
Holland and wine and dine the gentleman
that grows us and his family every year
that's really awful they they have a
hard life you know but these
relationships that we have built up over
Generations are why we can bring in such
beautiful unique hard to find products
at great prices you know these are a
substantial savings over over our own um
website price too I just wanted to
mention when if you if you do a
comparison pricing out there yes
absolutely over the top the Dalia the
Extravaganza collection
$37.95 this is the final day at that
price and for those of you want to get
it the final quantities that we have of
the growing season you're going to get
all of the colors you do not have to
pick this is what you're going to be
able to experience this season it is
over-the-top Showmanship when it comes
to color when it comes to Performance
and when you're seeing something this
beautiful that is really going to wow
everybody it also can become a nice
natural um like a natural fence area if
you need some separation a little bit IM
between you and your neighbors what
wonderful uh way to make that separation
and have happy Neighbors at the same
time yeah because you're both sharing
something gorgeous yeah and if you plant
these in the back 40 you'll still see
them now if you have an apartment or a
condo Jackie grow them in containers
love that okay and just um let them die
back they rest in the winter time and
they come back up again the next year so
the deer are not going to mess with them
the rabbits are not going to mess with
them either abely love it yeah and this
is what you're going to get these two
tubers you're going to bury them about 4
in deep now when you after one season
this is how big they are they start like
this but then the next at the end of one
season so you can divide these Jack abut
and make more and plant them wherever
you want across we want to show you what
originally was the the dinner plate doia
what they were originally had created
this was I mean and this was Showmanship
this was over the top this was
absolutely beautiful and it's still a
high standard in Love by many people
abely well then they went from
this yeah to this look at I mean and
actually this one is growing back right
here let me try and bring this forward a
little bit for you look at that it's
it's like half the it's right in the
center yeah that's the difference of
what you're getting that's Roberta's
that's the hard to find but the easy to
grow and you're getting it now final
quantities of the growing season final
day at the featured price hello to
Melissa in West Virginia who's joining
us hi Melissa I'm Jackie and this is
Court joining us with with robertto how
are you great thank you nice to have you
here so where are these going in your
yard well we were going to put them in
our yard but we're thinking about
planting them in the baskets like you
have them are in the planers and then at
the end of the season plant them in our
yard good idea absolutely enjoy them
what a great idea they're beautiful have
you purchased anything from Roberto
before yes oh will you tell people who
are listening right now about what your
experience has been with Roberta oh it's
wonderful and if it's not wonderful
they'll back it up with a guarantee oh
yeah oh yeah I always we about the
vegetables tonight as well you did I am
still craving more of those Peppers
right now they were so plant got my the
little baby her first eggplant eggplant
yep uh and I mean really you're now it's
going to be an incredible collection I'm
glad you got that me too oh good well
you know we still have another 45
minutes to tempt you so don't go
anywhere
Melissa thanks we got you set enjoy and
and Happy Spring thank you same to you
both take care thanks Melissa good night
um over the top final quantities for the
growing season final day at this
featured price at the end of the day
that price of whatever is left is going
up you're going to get all four pieces
for $ 37.94 the growing guide is
included so what do we need to know
again now this is the garden planting
season we're going to ship them to you
just at the right time to get maximum
color you're going to get color June
July August September really up to the
first heavy Frost and then they're going
to multiply and do it again so get them
now enjoy the whole season of color with
this you're going to put them in hot
full sun they love the wet and they love
the food look at these flowers you know
so pick up our Haw flow magic a little
bit of a boggy area cuz we have a little
bit of a bogy area that that would it
would probably be a perfect place to be
able to plant these you could right
right with your Callas that are coming
up in front of them oh yeah and this is
the color you're going to get non-stop
color Beauty Over the Top This like 12
in 10 to 12 in diameter flower and
they've got the got to gr guarantee so
those of you who are getting them this
is a really extraordinary opportunity
this one is just so ready to go this
every little stem that's coming up has
buds I want to tell you this is
something you might not have known every
stem gets three flowers every stem every
stem three flowers just a little side
note so you're going to get three
flowers that's a good little plenty to
cut put in your vases or you know what I
like to do personally is I leave them on
the plant I love to watch these little
flower buds grow huge and then I take
them to the San Diego County Fair and I
do my best to try to get an award on my
flowers it's in
June yeah yeah come see the do exhibit
there uhhuh
cheater it's not cheating I didn't cheat
we just have these relationships with
these guys there's only 20 of them you
know court so remember this is the only
quantities for the entire growing season
we brought in 12,000 for today and it's
the last day the featured price there's
4700 remaining at this price we've got
over a thousand of you on the lines and
I'm sure that maybe many of you are
picking up more than one set of of four
here where you're going to be able to
plant multiples whether you know if
you're going to create that natural
fence if you're going to be covering up
you know the ugly area where you keep
the trash cans or the electric power
boxes those places that you need to hide
in Disguise the pump for your pool oh
yes old F that you don't want to replace
that your neighbors wish you would you
plant these your neighbors are going to
be happy you know what I always like to
say then they got a natural steak yeah
pick pick up several sets you'll have no
regrets in 80 Days you're going to have
color this is Gorge right up to the
first uh time you see uh the frost and
pumpkins out on the porch and remember
and these are a perennial you're going
to get all four of them and uh for those
of you who getting it last day at the
featured price we're counting down what
we have left for the rest of this entire
growing season with spring just around
the corner I'm like I'm way over here
behind you behind these they're enormous
how how tall do these things get about 3
to 5T tall every once in a while you get
a little bit taller yeah they're raised
a little bit and they're on Wheels but
uh 3 to 5 ft multiple flowers I really
can't count cuz like I said each one of
these stems is going to get three
flowers flers that's incredible they
just keep growing and growing the more
you cut Jackie the more you get this is
this is the beauty so the more you cut
the more you get the flowers that you're
getting at home they've got the got of
grow guarantee you get all four you
don't have to pick a color absolutely
Ely stunning in color and for those of
you who are getting this their Advanced
or shipping out the week we saw of April
the 13th so those of you getting it
37.94 this is the final day final
opportunity to get them at this price
and then the price is going to be going
up um of what we have left but as we're
counting down what we have left and I
don't even know if we'll get this
collection back next year because
there's only one
Farm Rosies in the Netherlands and
there's only 20 varieties we we do the
best we can I'd love to bring in more
okay so we are getting very limited of
what's left for the for the rest of this
growing season stay on the phone lines
get to qvc.com to pick these up now and
pick up more than one set so that you
can really create this gorgeous
over-the-top border with the Dalia
Extravaganza
collection oh my gosh where is this wait
till you see this next picture gorgeous
those of you who are joining us this is
what we call a while suppli last
opportunity and with for