[Music]
hey guys it's Tommy here at Ro Bland
today I'm going to make a garlic and
aroke dip this is a new recipe I've just
created um really really tasty you're
going to love this so it's pretty simple
I've got some marinated artichoke hearts
I'm going to throw some of those in uh
I've removed the oil so that's not in
there so that's about 275 G I'm going to
put
in half a cup of macadamia nuts give
that nice creaminess and half a cup of
cashews as
well I've got 2 tblspoon of olive oil in
a g uh 2 tbspoon of nutritional yeast uh
this stuff's fantastic uh it almost
tastes like a Parmesan cheese in there
so we'll throw that in and some nice
fresh herbs we got some uh
Dill half a squeeze lemon put that in
squeeze that there get a few seeds in
it's not really going to matter but I
usually try to avoid that and what else
do we have here some garlic of course so
you can put in as much as you like I'm
just going to put in uh two cloves of
garlic here just uh mince that in your
garlic
Crusher I just find it mixes through a
little bit better uh when I put it in
mint
first uh cuz we're only going to get
this on you know we're not going to get
it up on a high speed so here we go just
want to make sure I've got all of that
out of
there beautiful and I'm going to put in
crack of
pepper little pinch of Himalayan rock
salt bring out the flavor and a dash of
cane pepper just a small Dash
all
right beautiful looks really good let's
get that up onto I'm going to use the
variable speeds uh maybe about speed
seven or so we'll see how we go
[Music]
that's it it's that
simple H smells amazing all right let's
try some of
that just get a spatula or a spoon we'll
uh put that out into a little Bowl here
oh this smells so good you can it can
smell that garlic that fresh garlic um
lovely Arch choke Hearts the fresh dill
coming through let's try some of that
[Music]
amazing you're going to love this recipe
you got to try this one thank you guys
this Tommy here at Raw blend uh today
I'm going to show you how to make a
detox Zinger shop uh this is a great
little recipe I got the inspiration for
this