hello everyone welcome to my channel
today yes I will show you how to make
egg grab suit
first step is prepare to the Redskins us
bombers rolls tens slice the mass stones
into pieces
next step news prepares one green onions
and chopped the green onions into small
pieces
next prepare three eggs and crush the s
into a ball and erecting this off top or
chicken stock add a little bit of salt
and a little bit of white pepper and
miss the SME stir until everything
combined
the next s three tablespoons constructs
into a small balls him for six
tablespoons US waters and dance mix
everything together
next pour four cups of water into a
small pot and then bring it to a boil
one teaspoon of vegetable stock
once the surf is boring dance as
disguisers muscles
you
yes half teaspoon of salt and a little
bit of rice paper
once the master is folks things as the
constants Mesa
and yes Mesa
a step is and shopping cleans audience
for today's egg drop soup is order the
dozens thank you everyone's for watching
see you next time bye