alright hey y'all a friend of mine asked
me to do a video on how I do my oxtail
we have some black pepper just standard
table salt we have some oxtail seasoning
some parsley flakes and some curry onion
green pepper and tomato I'm just gonna
go ahead and start cutting this stuff up
okay I'm gonna throw that I'm gonna
season my veggies some black pepper 1/2
a teaspoon of pepper
same with salt half a teaspoon this is
our oxtail seasoning 1/2 a teaspoon same
thing with the parsley 1/2 a teaspoon
just a light bit of curry but not too
crazy with the curry okay now we're
gonna mix our veggies ok alright so the
same thing we did with the vegetables
we're gonna do with the meat 1/2
teaspoon of salt 1/2 teaspoon black
pepper a teaspoon not 1/2 teaspoon just
seasoning ok let's make it a tablespoon
and we're gonna go back to our teaspoon
we're gonna go to a teaspoon 1/2
teaspoon in the parsley just a little
curry in there and so let's mix it up
now we're gonna take the vegetables we
mix stir there ok and we're gonna put it
with our meat we're gonna mix them
together nicely here we're going to
about eight and we're going to allow
this to cook for about 20-25 minutes
until the ground what we're gonna do now
is we're going to add some water to this
we're going to add a cup
of water okay now what we're also going
to add is some Browning beef cube okay
you can get any brains you like it
doesn't really matter I like to start
off with half a beef cube and you see
she's starting to try nice brown from
the brownie let's throw that back on
what we'll do is we'll test our gravy
we'll taste it and see if we like how it
tastes and if you like how it tastes
then by all means you're going to the
next step which is the insta pod we have
our oxtail all nice and brown I added it
I ended up adding about 1/2 a cup more
water and I did add the rest of the beef
cube I also added a little bit of hot
pepper this is a one drop pepper from
Barbados and it's called one job for a
reason it's pretty spicy
and this is what's great about doing it
on the stove first you can you can
literally cook it up and create your
gravy and know what it's going to taste
like after it's been in the oven okay so
if you're doing in the oven honestly
it's gonna take a bit of it's gonna take
a bit of time like at least three hours
if you're doing it in and that's the
Potter pressure cooker well we'll have
this done now it's been about 25 minutes
already we'll have this done now in
about 35 minutes okay
if you're using this the pot you know
you got to have it on a seal that I'm
going to turn it on meet 28 minutes now
for those who are unfamiliar with the
insta pot this is honestly great little
appliance it's amazing for those like
beef ribs
oxtail curry goat and all those types of
things is just amazing it cuts your time
down dramatically so once you first plug
it in and you choose your setting you
can adjust down and up for how long you
want it to cook and the first time I
used this I cooked my oxtail for about
35 minutes and it was fall off the bone
and realistically it takes about 10 to
15 minutes to prep itself it starts
steaming at the top you start seeing
some steam here and eventually the unit
locks that steam in and it uses that
steam to pressurize the unit and thereby
cooking the meat and it's amazing trust
me silence on the stove and 28 minutes
in the insta pot so under an hour finish
product
okay so you don't some people like to
throw some potatoes in with their
meeting so I don't usually do that so
but potatoes carrots you can always add
a little flour in this gravy to thicken
it a little bit
woman gravy right over it take a little
parsley okay so at the end of the day
this is what jock still looks like
delicious ready to go ready to serve you
enjoyed this and you learn something and
maybe nice someone do some curry goat or
something like that yeah
all right pizza