hey cupcakes it's big J I'm going to be
doing a fun little science experiment
we're gonna and plate some balloons by
pouring in some vinegar and baking soda
so let's get started so the things
you'll need are obviously balloons these
little tubes are you like with little
holes on top so you can put the balloon
on top you're going to need vinegar and
then just some baking soda regular
baking soda alright so let's get started
so the first I'm going to do is pour
vinegar into our little tubes
I'm Rick so we filled up all our cups
and on the big one I'm gonna try to
inflate a giant balloon and see if it
works the next step is you want to pour
some baking soda into the balloon you're
gonna want to put it in your little tube
right now we're going to go into our
next balloon so the first one was white
and now we're going to do a yellow one
okay done
now let's do purple okay last but not
least let's fill up our giant balloon mm
this one is blue alright so we have all
of them filled up okay I'm going to put
on my science experiment glasses and
we're going to just put them inside a
tube I'm gonna see what happens okay
there's one
there's two three four now we're going
to see if I experiment is going to work
holy cow
you can stand
well I'm working the giant balloon is
inflating whoa that was cool
I'm definitely gonna trade it to
experiment again look at all the
balloons the purple one inflated more
but I thought they were gonna pop I
guess I didn't put enough baking soda
all right since a balloon didn't pop
we're gonna pop them ourselves but this
was a lot of fun I love this science
experiment all right let's start with
the white one one two three yes plating
Wow I went everywhere I'm gonna be
really scared for this one
well cupcakes I hope you enjoyed this
experiment I love this experiment I'm
going to do it again nuts off for today
don't forget subscribe like comment
shapes and I'll see you in my next video
bye bye