hi there cadets today we're gonna talk
about cleaning our flute and putting it
away safely the first thing you need is
your gonna need your cleaning rod just
like this your cleaning cloth and I just
use a handkerchief from the department
sport you can get like 6 of these for
just a couple dollars so and they will
prolong the life of your instrument
big-time so make sure you get a cleaning
cloth your cleaning rod and then your
flute in your case you need to be
readily available as well let's just get
started here so what I'm gonna do is
take my head joint off the body first
and just separate those and I guess it
should have done this first so find the
eye on your cleaning rod you can see
that there's a little hole there and
then take one of the corners of your of
your cloth and feed it through the eye
and then just kind of wrap it around the
tip there and then we're gonna just roll
this along the cleaning rod so basically
what you're doing is wrapping the fabric
around this rod now I'm going to take
the cleaning rod and put it into my head
joint twist around a little bit go in
and out some you're trying to get rid of
the moisture that has accumulated on the
inside of the flute the head joint so
when that's done go ahead and put it
back in the flute case where it's
supposed to go now separate the body and
foot joint always with a twisting motion
there again I'm going to start with the
foot joint this one's really easy take
your cleaning rod and just push it all
the way through and you should do this
like three or four times I'm gonna do
three okay and that should get rid of
most of the moisture in the foot joint
go ahead and put that back in your case
now the body same thing
and this is kind of tricky you kinda
have to like stick your finger in the
end to get it to go all the way through
because it's just long enough okay again
three or four times and you always want
to make sure that your cleaning rod is
covered with the metal or the metal is
covered mind starting to come loose but
I just made sure it was covered when it
went into the instrument okay now I'm
gonna set this back in my case a couple
of things about your flute when you're
finished with this you never need grease
on the head Joey right here you
shouldn't anyway if you feel like you do
it might be bent and it might need to be
adjusted and you might need to take it
in for repairs but if you notice that
the joints are kind of tight you can
actually just take the oil from your
fingers and just kind of do this a
little bit
you'd be surprised with the oil from
your fingers will do for the the head
joint most of the time that will create
a little bit of lubrication there and it
does the trick don't put cork grease or
valve oil or anything on this boat
because you'll make it too loose and
then the joints can actually fall apart
so don't do that and then the other big
caution I have for you usually your case
is gonna have a place for this and mine
does it has a little slot for that case
or for the cleaning run do not take your
cloth don't take your pencil anything
else don't put anything else in the case
it is not designed to hold this stuff
usually your case is designed just to
hold your flute and that's it
if you have some times you can get
little leather cases that hold the case
and then you can kind of stuff stuff in
between them but never put stuff on top
of the flute this case is designed to
protect it and to hold it safely if you
put other stuff on top of it you could
be in trouble and you could cause
repairs and that's for any instrument
trumpet saxophone flute trombone don't
put stuff on top of the instrument it is
not designed to do that so I've got my
instrument in here close the case and
make sure the lashes are done tightly
okay and then what I would recommend is
to get like a little makeup bag or a
little pouch of sorts something it
doesn't matter dudes might not want a
pink makeup bag
but just go ahead and just take the bag
and put your your pencils and if you're
another woodwind instrument that doesn't
have it like clarinets don't always have
room you can put your cork grease and
your reeds and stuff like that in there
just don't put this inside of the case
because you can really damage stuff and
you don't want to do that so as always
if you have any questions comments
concerns please feel free to email me at
the address listed below I wish you the
best of luck and hope you keep
practicing
you