so hello everyone so I'm back with
another video here I want to continue
the video update uh and this time I'm
going to show you guys the sweet 100
tomatoes so this all you see here is one
single tomato plant uh once you reach
the top up here about 6 ft tall right
here I actually top it off I cut off the
top but obviously after you cut off the
top uh what happened then
well the obvious thing is that the plant
will continue to put out side shoots you
can see here uh and it Branch out you
know from a single stem like this now
it's have three or four uh that is just
natural I mean what else can can you do
um the plant will continue to do that
because after after the main stem has
been cut off it will put out s shoot no
regardless
so how impressive this this plants can
be look at this all this Tomatoes here
uh and this one here actually the second
and the third uh branches comes up you
can see there from there so that is not
the main stem actually that is the
second or third the main stem is in here
somewhere and once it comes up here you
can see after 6 feet it just make a
little hook because it doesn't have
anywhere else to go so all the fruit and
gravity is pulling it down so now now
it's actually bending down this way like
a hook like an S hook and look at this
clump of
tomatoes this variety is very impressive
I am so in a with this um this sweet 100
variety this isas it is mind-blowing how
much they actually produce and look at
the fruit clumps after Clump there are
literally thousands of fruit on them
look at this Clump very impressive I
mean if you see this live in person it
is even more impressive hopefully the
videos in the camera can capture all
this um but you know you have to see it
in person to to to realize how
impressive this this plant is so here I
have some more this is sweet 100 uh look
at
this
amazing again same thing once you reach
over 6' 5 right there I top it off and
it say continue to Branch off and
there's not much I can do about it so
it's just allowed to grow oh by the way
all this area here empty space here were
the Persian cucumber uh I removed them
all because they they got infected with
some kind of uh you know fungus and it's
almost the end of the season for them uh
not necessar end of the season but
they've been producing so well that I
think they've been pretty much exhausted
and I decided to remove them because
they they got some some mildew and stuff
on it so I decided to remove remove them
uh okay we let's continue with tomato
and look at this very impressive look at
this so I have three plants here but
look at every clumps everywhere you look
there are literally hundreds of tomatoes
and this one same thing with this one
look at this it come this way and it's
make an S hook and it come down so all
the Cucumbers were gone and now the
trust spay is empty so I just allow the
Tomato just to migrate over that's okay
that is fine so this one here it's a
suya Toro Japanese long cucumber this is
one also a very very productive plant
this season I probably got about 25
fruit so far and every other day of the
week two days I will get two of this
it's very impressive um we still have a
long way to go in terms of growing
season we only in the middle of
July um hopefully I will go back to the
nursery and see if I can find another
small plant and I would want to grow
another one and see if I can stretch out
this the season so this guy seems like
it it's still has a lot of strength left
uh
it's have several side shoots now but
each of those side Sho actually produce
fruit and those fruits are actually
quality fruit they at very beautiful up
to 10 12 Ines of fruits uh in terms of
length beautiful absolutely gorgeous
okay so I want to continue with the
tomatoes so here again here's another s
100 again single stem and once reach to
top
6'5 I top it off but it's continued to
Branch up so then I allow some more
Branch from the bottom here you see that
one right there to come up this
way all this here it's one single plant
very impressive look at this Clump here
it is so heavy I mean literally I don't
know how many pound but it's just look
at this oh my God so let me climb up
here to show you um this PL is is
growing kind of out of
control okay so okay so now I'm up here
almost at the top of
the okay oh okay so I'm very high now 8
ft now and it'll will probably go over
to the roof and eventually I will
probably trim it off if we get too out
of
control but that's what happened when
they grow so
well right it's a good problem to
have okay so let me go get back down
here I want to show you some a few more
plants okay so here and this two
here uh this one and this one on the
left right hand side are the Chinese
loofah uh um they produce you know this
beautiful spongelike loofah soft inside
and it's really really beautiful plant
the leaves kind of resemble a little bit
like the grapes you know kind of
resemble it um but so far uh they are
just at the beginning so and I start
those plant from seeds and I only have
two plants here So eventually they'll
they'll continue to grow and take over
this entire space here
so what else uh also the the uh own Choy
the Asian water spinach right here uh I
will harvest this tonight so this is our
third uh third Harvest so far I mean
this is the third cutting so far so it's
been wonderful very very beautiful
plant okay so this here it's the black
cobra gorgeous looking plant gorgeous
looking plant and the food is just very
very beautiful
look at that nice fat looking fruit
beautiful
fruit all righty so I will show you some
more as the season progress so hopefully
um we'll continue to to to add some
other plant uh along the way and see if
we can continue to extend our growing
season all right well thank you for
watching and let me get back to work and
we'll see you again happy gardening