welcome back today I've got something
really cool to do a fellow I know was
growing some vanilla orchids and he said
anytime you want to come by and get some
pieces come on by and I went by and he
cut me some long pieces of vanilla vine
so I went and looked up how to plant
them and how to take care of them and we
are going to plant vanilla today all
right Europe got my vanilla vines and
divide off some pieces that are a couple
feet long and then find spots to plant
them
[Music]
[Applause]
one two let's plant this whole one
[Music]
there's the end piece growing right
there
I like redundancy I like to have
multiples of everything just in case
there we go now it's time to take them
and plant them
this is the base of a rambutan tree and
it's not a very big tree yet and kind of
try and hopefully keep it a little
smaller vanilla orchid will climb all
the way to the top and as you can see I
didn't really plant the vanilla orchid
tree I just put it on top of the soil
and threw some organic matter over the
top of it some rough sticks and leaf
mulch here and allegedly they'll just
grow into that they don't really grow
down into the ground that's not how they
work they're a tree climber so this is
the end that's going to climb the other
end is not and I'll post the video on
planting vanilla orchids that I found
and watched a few times I'm just going
to go with a professional professional
farmer's method way of doing it so we've
just got this here and I left the other
end sticking out of the ground on the
other side over here too so this one is
here at the rambutan and now I'm going
to go plant them on a few other trees
they're supposed to work really well
with cocoa trees so let's go plant one
next to a cocoa tree
thank you are you doing don't you
it might look at this and say which end
is up
how do you know the leaves go every
which way I can flop up and they can
flop down but the way tell is look for
the side that cups the cup goes up the
rounded part is down so you can see the
little root right on the side of each
leaf so this one that's down and is
let's see there you go
that's up that's up so it goes this way
so we want this side pointing up at the
base of the tree and it totally looks
weird but that's the way you do it this
is a mango tree almost always use nasty
tuk tuk ant which I got some buy one
throwing bowls on the other one yeah I
see them they're in there always in
there eat those things they sting like a
watt and they they get into organic
matter if they're always in like leaves
and stuff and they try to kill you when
you turn their nest over and spread
their babies all over the place yeah but
even if you get hosed on the attack it's
not like you know I'm you can't it can't
be nice when I'm they're nasty they're
evil they probably here kicking they're
going to tick tick tick tick tick
we want to get close and I want to like
cultivate but anyhow that's going to go
up let's cover it now can't do this the
nice way you did not looks like I don't
even care I do care I do care
it's just I'm putting you in a bad
neighborhood there you go good luck what
the tuk-tuks get you there we go all
right good luck another mango tree and
more evil and bringing the tropics want
to kill you
this side is the up side this is a mess
I'm sure this is all wrong it's terrible
now to be fine the finest ways an orchid
this is the tropics these things are
like I'm killable and I might find a way
here we go
I can't even like can't even pick up
this degree here the ants quickly at me
like a black ant was kind of like a bull
ant sit skinnier I don't know if they
have a stinger or what we just sort of
throw it together so little jungle
orchid make me some vanilla good luck
there you go let's hope for the best
I can point one of these out for you is
that come on come over here
there's some unless you can't see them
or not they're little black ants running
through there you hear the ticking sound
let's try planting one at the base of an
avocado tree that'd be cool
make a little furrow get rid of the
weeds always Rock stick our vanilla in
here and see what we get we'll just
discover something amazing decided down
this one is up there we go
[Applause]
[Music]
that's because last one at the bottom of
a citrus I don't know if that's a good
combination or not but find these things
out by trying I'm not an expert on
vanilla I've never done it before
except for vanilla orchid I used to keep
in the by the bathroom window like over
the shower and a previous house and I
kept alive there for a while and ended
up giving it away to a friend of mine so
don't know but did learn how to plant
them thanks to the wonder of YouTube and
so I'm sharing that with you now and we
will put this one right here I'll go
find some mulch and try to drag it over
without getting killed by ants here we
go
thanks for joining me today sort of like
another episode of better gardening
through experimentation plant them at
different trees we'll see how they do
and I will give you updates on how they
grow as they grow we'll be visiting them
again and hopefully they'll all take and
then we're gonna have to figure out how
to pollinate flowers and all that kind
of cool stuff I thought that'd be great
yeah I'm just you just love trying out
new crops anyhow hope you're having fun
at home hope you're trying out something
new
probably not vanilla since it's pretty
pretty limited on climate many of you
being up in places where it gets a
little colder but I know some of you are
watching from the tropics and if you've
grown vanilla before let me know I'd
love to hear about it and I'll talk to
you in the comments and until next time
mayor thumbs always degree
a windspeed David David the good we
listened to you poured his head and
drinks my sarong
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]