[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is wood back into the gear so today
a I appreciate all the support that I've
been getting man we know my goal would
say I was doing a 5k giveaway but going
so fast I haven't even thought I did
like less than two more than 1200 with
in like four days man I appreciate
everybody's either supporting me so I've
been heard a lot of people say checking
out the oxtails so what I'm gonna do
today is how to make the best to make ox
tails so I talked to the guy and the
international store asked him a couple
seasons I couldn't get ain't no try to
act like what his recipe is he told me
you know look at this little bit o
tomatoes or if you like to call tomatoes
onions you can do just if you would like
you can do just bell green peppers but I
chose for the color display the red and
the orange can right here I have my ox
tails some nice ox tails bottle by eight
pounds then here I have some apple cider
vinegar some browning that's easy sauce
here I have some garlic jamaican
allspice GOG
I mean onion powder to make an
all-purpose spice
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
just took my for free is a marinated
overnight about 24 hours so what we're
going to do I got I'm going to turn on
the stove on medium and put some oil in
there in the pan you just want to put
enough oil in how to braise them you
don't want to you know deep fry so let's
let our oil get hot then I'm going to
put them in all this hot we're gonna try
to keep most of veggies in 210 we're
gonna just start crying breathing in
Iceland brown on each side
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay so I got some cornstarch it on I
mixed up to get my dick nut McGrady hey
Porter now watch hot things up nice so
head over the final product of my ox
tails just making it upstairs men been a
long time so I like these things cook
for three hours and I'm gonna have the
video below what you can do but you can
catch it and check out my fried cabbage
I like to thank you guys for tuning in
to this video make sure you drop some
comments some more things you guys like
to see peace out