hey guys it's Rachel and today is the
official start of koet World holiday
videos I am so excited for this I have
so many ideas for different like holiday
DIYs and food things too so I'm just
going to try to crank out as many as I
can for you guys and today we are
kicking it all off with these DIY snow
globes these are so cute oh my gosh
these just make me so happy and I'm
really excited to put them on my room or
like on your desk or something they're
so adorable my mom kind of calls them
faux Globes because there's technically
no water in these although I will show
you guys how to make ones with water in
them and with glitter so it all falls
down real pretty and everything it's
just that I find that the image gets
really distorted in the water and I feel
like if you spend a lot of time making
your clay charms and making them look
like just right you don't want them to
be all distorted in the water and
everything it has to do with like that
defraction refraction stuff that I
learned at some point in middle school
and I've now forgotten much like a lot
of things in middle school and I think
that's a good thing anyways anyway so
these are super cute and a funny thing
is that I actually use baby food jars
for these but the thing is when I went
to Safeway I didn't need anything else
besides the baby food jars and I was
with my boyfriend too so literally it
was just like my boyfriend and I an
Express checkout just like four jars of
baby food it must have looked uh not
exactly like what it was and in fact the
cashier was like so you like a a baby
brother or something and then I was like
no um this it's just for a craft project
and she's like oh okay okay and yeah
that was that was my day that day
anyways though these are super cute and
now without further Ado let's get
started first off you're going to need
your baby food jars I got a bunch of
different flavors for really no reason I
am not planning on doing the baby food
challenge anytime soon but you just want
to wash out your jars these are also
really cheap so you don't have to worry
too much about wasting money on baby
food or anything like that and now we're
just going to go ahead and paint the
lids I'm just using some acrylic paint
here it might take a few coats to get it
nice and opaque but just do whatever you
have to do and I went for pink blue
green and yellow today and then just let
those
dry and now we're just going to go ahead
and make our polymer clay charms you can
find polymer clay at any craft store and
this was such a throwback for me I used
to do polymer clay videos all the time
that doesn't mean that you have to go
back and watch those videos though cuz
they're kind of embarrassing but uh you
can if you want to I guess I don't know
Middle School is a rough time so please
don't judge me anyways I'm just going to
go ahead and make my Pusheen charm first
these charms are all pretty simple and
pretty self-explanatory I feel like if
you see a picture of them you kind of
know how to make them but I did want to
show you guys a little bit of footage of
how to make the charms so I'm just
adding on a Santa hat now and I'm just
going to paint the face on later I tried
making it out of clay but it's honestly
way too hard cuz the details are tiny
then just make whatever little clay
charms your heart desires I went for a
Christmas tree here and I'm going to
decorate the tree with a little bit of
white clay as kind of like a
Garland you you'll also want to add a
little star on top of the
tree and of course don't forget your
ornaments
too we're also going to make a tree
trunk that's just some brown clay there
I'm going to use a needle tool to just
make those wood grain
details then I'm also going to add on a
face to make this extra
Kawaii and that's all there is to it to
the Christmas
tree I'm also going to make a snowman
here this is just some white clay I'm
going to add on some different buttons
along with a little carrot
nose some
eyes and make him smile
too he also needs his little Top Hat I'm
just using some black clay for that and
then I'm also going to roll together
some pink clay and black clay to make
the top of this hat and that's it for
the snow
Manon and then finally I'm going to make
a gingerbread Manon I'm using some brown
clay here and you're just going to add
on some arms and legs these can be a
little bit delicate so press them on
really
well you'll also want to add on some
decorations like buttons I made a little
bow tie
here then I added on a face and a little
smile
too along with some more icing details
and then we're going to finish it all
off with some
sprinkles just like that now lay these
on a parch and paper line baking sheet
and just bake those off at 275 for 15
minutes they're going to look basically
the same when they come out of the oven
and now we're just going to add on some
final details using acrylic paint don't
forget to add on pusheen's face and some
white dots for the
Snowman I also baked off some extra
pieces these are just kind of little
decoration bits to go in our snow globes
and I'm going to take some white paint
and just paint on a ribbon for the
presents you really don't have to make
that many presents I just added them to
the Christmas tree and
Pusheen we also want to make a base to
put our little charms on top of I'm just
using some air dry clay here this works
great if you're going to do kind of the
dry snow globes but if you plan to put
water in them make sure you use polymer
clay instead I found out that the air
dry clay tends to dissolve in the water
actually so make sure you use polymer
for any kind of water snow globe then
once you have that all arranged just go
ahead and take off your
charms and if you're using polymer clay
you would Bake Off That Base I'm just
using the air dry here though and I'm
using some E6000 glue to glue these all
together and then once you have have
that ready just repeat for the rest of
your bases as well these are all so cute
though this one has a little candy cane
and I gave Pusheen a little present to
watch over then finally of course our
Christmas tree has to have some
presents I also found that if you're
going to put these in water you
definitely have to glaze these otherwise
even though the clay is baked the
glitter still tends to stick to the clay
charms I have no idea why but for some
reason you do have to glaze them and
they look all nice and shiny too so
that's a
plus and if you're going to make these
water snow globes just pour in some
distilled water you can also add in some
glycerin to make the glitter Falls
slower I found that it didn't really
make a difference though and now I'm
just going to add in my glitter the
glitter looks so pretty I do love the
water snow globes but I also struggled
so hard with these every time I made a
snow globe something would go wrong and
it got to the point where I was like I
just want to make cute snow gloves and
nothing was working but I did find that
glazing the charm really helps you can't
use air dry clay and and that you
shouldn't use any kind of white glue
around the outside of the jar cuz it'll
make the water cloudy but this guy does
look super cute I do like the water it's
just that the image gets a little bit
distorted like I was saying so I decided
to make these faux Globes to make your
faux Globes all you have to do is grab
some cute sprinkles and then just add
them to your jar I'll have this sprinkle
mix Linked In the description box below
they are adorable and now I'm just going
to add on my snowman then flip it over
and that's all there is to it these are
such a cute alternative and they are
really simple too all right guys our DIY
snow gloves are finished now and these
are so cute I think they came out
adorable and let me know in the comments
below if you guys like the water version
more or if you like the sprinkle version
more I personally actually really like
the sprinkle version because you can add
a lot of different colors to them and
make it really fun anyways so I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video like I said
I have lots more holiday videos coming
very soon so stay tuned for those don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already because I post two new videos
every every week you can also follow me
on social media at kawet eats and then
check out my website over at Kaw sor.com
for more details on these guys and I'll
talk to you all very soon bye guys