get any folks any here from McDowell
manner
so it said me make rum through two ways
the first way you've seen me do it is to
ferment then still then filter which
ends up with this guy here
now in all three closes cases you will
get a nice clear alcohol base
essentially so I showed you one time
where I add just a bottle of flavor
that's a rum flavor makes a damn fine
rum then the next video I showed you
where I replace the flavor with a
molasses and brown sugar syrup that I
made and today I'm going to show you a
third way where the molasses is actually
added directly into the ferment so we're
fermenting with molasses and sugar like
I say you still get that clear alcohol
output but it's supposedly tastes fairly
rummy and then all we need to do is
color it up with some wood chip so let's
get on with the show hey this is a bit
of a different version of making
homemade rum I'll refer you back to the
other video which is how I often do it
this is a new way which involves three
kilo three litres of molasses three
kilos of ordinary white sugar that's a
home brand over here
jeepers chips a packet of this
distillers yeast for rum it's
specifically made for the molasses and
sugar mix much smaller packet there's
only 70 odd grams in that one and we'll
mix that all up with warm water in the
fermenter like you've seen me done
before oh that over there is just a
bottle of kumquat beer that I made that
has nothing to do with the process
except I'll drink it along the way
probably how much
you've seen me use a fermenter before so
that's the ingredients I'm going to use
in there let's have a little look what
she got to run out thirty degrees yeah
so a little more than thirty degrees and
we're good to go
so that's a bit more what I was used to
before the other brand changed on me and
bumped up the temperature so that's all
good like I say I'm going to mix all
this up and give you a quick look at it
I'm not going to show you as I do it
so we're filled up to the twenty five
liter mark on the side of the fermenter
have a look at that eye in that
disgusting haven't added the yeast yet
but everything else is in there three
kilos of sugar three litres of molasses
now don't what happened was over there
their equal weight so I actually weighed
the two and it turned out three and
three came out pretty much the same so
close enough was a good enough there's
that kumquat beer I made you can see
hopefully you can see it yeah you can't
how busy it is bloody fizzy it's
actually a kumquat wine I call that a
kumquat beautiful set of expectations
it's more beer than whining that's
because kumquats are such a bloody
bitter thing
there's the yeast I'm about to add and
that will finish the fermentation
process what you can see there is a
bottle that been distilled so run
through the still probably two weeks ago
using the same method and what you do is
you through because it's crystal clear
you throw a bunch of woodchips in and
that's what adds the color for you
you wait four to six weeks I was told
I'll probably wait eight so two months
I'll probably run it through a filter
paper just in coasters any little bits
of wood floating around in there and
we'll do an unveiling in a future video
hopefully that'll be a bit of a cracker
all right I'll catch us later