they welcome to barley hops I'm George
um I'm making the rum
we started off earlier today and we're
so glad you're here I'm going to share
this with you because this is probably
the simplest thing I can make
besides the sugar wash I'm making this
tray out of molasses just make sure you
use on sulfur molasses and what I've
done here is we're going to make this
rum it's going to taste just like Rome
because you know the basis for rum oh
yeah is molasses and I'm just mixing it
up right now I've put this is the fifth
jar which is like 15 pounds of molasses
I my guestimation probably way more than
I really need I'm just shooting from the
hip on this one because I know normally
I put in two of these which would be
like six pounds and then I throw six
pounds of raw sugar and raw sugar is
kind of brown either raw sugar or you
could use some brown sugar and some corn
sugar with it but that's just to boost
the ability for it to ferment and bring
out that high alcohol by volume but in
this particular case I'm just using
straight molasses and we're going to
we're going to make an exquisite rum hay
but before I get to that I wanted to
share with you a couple of things while
I'm working on that and this this is
only going to take a few minutes it's
not this is not rocket science believe
me the fast ferment you know I was
telling on one of the other videos also
mentioned that you know your best test
to make sure that your fast ferment is
ready for use is the nose and like I
said on the other video too is if this
doesn't work on you find someone who's
got one that works because all you got
to do is smell it and you'll smell it
and if it look I'm from Virginia oh well
I grew up in the country as a matter of
fact it was so far back out in the
country our stop sign said whoa so I
kind of call things the way I see them
if you smell your fast firming this
smell like ass or like in the other
video I said sometimes it smell like two
of them then there's something wrong so
you need to clean it out again and wash
it your hand is the best thing to use
because if
run your hand through here you start
rubbing that first of all you're not
going to scratch it and second of all
it's a lot more sensitive than you think
if you feel something you'll know it's
there if there's something stuck to the
side you use your fingernail to kind of
scratch it off as a matter of fact this
is probably the best thing you use it
like for you Tinsel's if you're if you
do a silverware to sink use your fingers
because you can feel when they're clean
so that's the best thing to use but
here's what I found out about these fast
ferments these are wonderful items but
if you reach in and you've cleaned it
and washed it in you and you get that
smell of you know what chances are I
found the culprit it's take this bottom
valve off now I make it a habit of
removing this probably every time
there's been one or two times I've
forgotten but remove it because you'll
see on here now if you look close you'll
see it starts to get discolored and you
see it oh there it is you see that this
color 'men now that's just a little bit
of bacteria growing so and you'll need a
meter it takes a little while so you got
to be cautious with it but you could
pull that tape back out we clean those
that'll clean up and then put more tape
on it and at the same time you've got
that ball valve that's inside here so if
you run hot water in here at the same
time you open and close this ball valve
you can also clean that now there are
directions on the internet about how to
take this apart this whole ball valve
apart I wouldn't recommend it but if you
won't take it apart take it apart it
makes you happy I'm okay with the hot
water just open and close it until
because you'll notice that this will
have an odor that the fast firm that
won't have and that's your culprit now
one last thing that you want to make
sure that you cleaned up real well is
the collection ball in the collection
balls match threads around it so once
you pull that collection ball out and
I've got everything I need right here
somewhere every time I do this I set
everything up so that I can show you and
then I forget where I put it here it is
I've got the thread tape I've got the
collar and now all I need is the you
know the little do thing goes on the end
of it but I'll find it here eventually
it could only go so far
so ah without further ado if you're
gonna put them you do put the thread
tape on here it's easy to do just make
sure you don't put on too much and it
goes in one direction it goes in the
same direction as the threads
righty-tighty lefty-loosey so righty
tighty lefty loosey so you put the
thread tape on in the same direction so
take a piece of thread tape okay lay
that on the threads run it around one
time and then you'll cross over it and
as soon as you do just give it a good
pull and it will snap off and that way
your thread tape will stay on there now
you don't need any more than that any
more than that and just going to start
to get bound up and then when you do
have to take that apart you're going to
have a lot of thread tape pull off of
there so take that now remember before
you put the and I'll find it eventually
because I know I can't use it until I do
but before you put the your screw on the
end of this make sure you put the collar
on there first
otherwise you'll be taking it apart okay
I just I just don't know where I put it
it could only go so far well if not I'll
find it well but I don't need it right
now so that's good enough look I've got
the molasses this was the jar that I use
or the one that I had with a bunch of
molasses in there what I'm trying to do
is rinse out their remainder the
molasses that's left in the bottom of
this container and um man I'm telling
you what molasses is really thick it's
just like a maple syrup almost but it's
got a very very unique flavor all right
lay that over there now it's time to add
our water now with this particular fast
firm in I don't have a thumb thermometer
on the side because this is this was an
old model again it's another one I've
had for about two years so it's just a
testament of the durability of these
things there's that one and I'm just
using just regular tap water because
once this thing starts to firm it just
remember that as the
hire the alcohol content becomes inside
of your fast ferment the more of a
natural preservative it is as long as we
don't allow anything from the outside to
get in and that's where the airlock
comes in handy so I've got two gallons
in there okay this would be the third
gallon of water and that should bring me
up to about five gallons a total almost
we say I put five quarts now it'll bring
me up to just shy of five gallons so
I'll have to put another gallon in there
but uh this is Louisa and you know I
start off earlier today I said I had
three of these available as being empty
now I'm down to in a moment here I'll be
down to one so I'll probably be making a
beer this weekend all right one last
bottle of water and what do you think
the next step is going to be you know
just like in all of the fermentation
that we do that's whether we do beer
whether we do wine or whether we do a
mash we're always going to pour stir it
up some and then we're going to check
the gravity oh and checking the gravity
is going to give us an idea and again be
careful about not scratching the inside
of that I'm using a plastic panel there
and seeing I haven't even put I haven't
even put a ball on the bottom yet there
here's my refractometer I'm getting
really really accustomed to
refractometer as opposed to the
hydrometer but the hydrometer works just
as well I mean they both tell you the
exact same thing so it's no big deal
and we're going to read that good lord
one point zero eight seven one point
zero eight seven I haven't added any
sugar yet at all this is just molasses
and water what I think I'll do in order
to make sure that I've got a really good
content a good ABV because I'm gonna try
to get as close to 19% as I can right
now
1.07 six I just happen to know is 14% so
I'm at one point zero eight six eight
seven I I could probably do with a maybe
a pound or so so I'm gonna get some
sugar to add in there and I'll be with
you just a moment oh yeah Oh welcome
back I did find you know while you were
gone I did find my connector so I got
that all screwed together I put the ball
on the bottom now what we're going to do
is we're going to check the gravity I
added a little bit over a pound of corn
sugar and what I want to do is try to
get to three
just enough sugars in there to make it
worth our while
oh yeah okay one point zero nine eight
one point zero nine eight that's going
to give us a really really high ABV
alcohol by volume we'll get somewhere
close to oh I'm trying to think that's
going to bring us up probably about 16%
which is very very good especially for
what we're doing so I've got that nice
mixed up let's open up the ball valve
let it gurgle it does need a little bit
of air so part of aeration look I'm just
filling up space and time now all right
the last thing that we're going to add
to this is I'm using this rum turbo
yeast a lot of times I'll use the still
resist in just about any if I'm using
corn or use rye or barley or just a
quart or just a sugar wash of I really
like to default back to the daddy which
is the distillers act of dry yeast
it's got a real high alcohol tolerant
level but when it comes to rum rum is a
little bit more specific so I always
default to the rum yeast it's really
worth it it's what free three bucks a
pack but it's it's really worth having
um because it's culture specifically for
rooms
the only other time that I will branch
off from a specific yeast or to a
specific yeast would be for a vodka if
so if I'm trying to mimic a specific
vodka I'll branch off into a vodka yeast
but otherwise the daddies the way to go
and again I just give this a good pour
it's time to add the lid and of course
all of this has been sprayed with stars'
and shortly I will zipper up my blanket
add my airlock and let this thing firm
in so we'll be with you in just a few
minutes as soon as I get I got to get my
ice bottle ready because this is going
to remain in at room temperature but I'm
gonna bring the temperature down a
little bit so we'll be with you shortly
whoo hey we're at the final step the
final step is to secure this by
zippering up my thermal bag and then I'm
going to put the airlock you know I keep
losing stuff I need a little topper
there you are it goes on top of my
bubbler or airlock you call it with gel
balls
there we go now seven to ten days from
now that's a tight fit good good seven
to ten days from now when this is all
finished fermenting we'll go back in and
what I will do is on cup every every
couple of days I'll switch those bottles
out because we're trying to maintain
that temperature and the temperature I'm
trying to maintain is somewhere just a
little bit below 70 every couple of days
I'll go in there and I'll change out
those bottles and I'll keep a track of
the temperature I'll kind of let you
know what's going on what we've done
today that we just make some room so
this run will run off and still just
like all the other products that we run
we may know we may not run it who knows
I do want to caution you though about
temperature again one last time and that
is the higher the temperature the more
stench or the the more off odors that
your yeasts are going to produce it's
not necessarily going to affect your
product but it's going to really make it
a very unpleasant environment for you to
be in so try to keep your temperatures
as low as you possibly can without if
seeking if you go too low if you get
down like sixty degrees especially with
a room yeast about sixty five or so
you'll notice that your fermentation
will slow down drastically
until you warm it back up if you get it
way way too high of course it'll go
really rapid but then you have all those
all folders so without further ado well
we'll see you on the next video and as
always happy brewing