hi today I will teach you an easy recipe
for grilled lamb chops all we needed
following 500 grams lamb chops one
teaspoon salt three quarters of a
teaspoon of freshly ground cumin two
dashes or more of kind pepper depending
on your preference for spiciness and one
teaspoon olive oil so first we wash and
pat dry the lamb chops and then we
season both sides of the chops with salt
our freshly ground cumin and some clean
pepper and lastly we add the olive oil
we will marinate this for at least an
hour cover with plastic wrap or
transfers or glass container and put in
the refrigerator so once you're ready to
grill let the lamb chops come to room
temperature perhaps about 30 minutes and
then you can pre-heat your grill pan add
1 teaspoon of olive oil now on
medium-high heat grill one side of the
lamp and once you see on the side of the
collar is turning pale it's time to turn
and grill the other side my lamb chops
took two minutes on one side and then
another minute on the other side well we
like our chops cooked medium but adjust
your grilling time according to your
liking for New Zealand lamb chops like
these better to be under than over
you