[Music]
hi I'm Rebecca bran and today we're
going to learn how to do laundry your
whites to keep your whites bright white
for their entire life you need to wash
them differently than you wash your
other clothes always separate your
whites if you have a delicate white
fabric that says dry clean only pay
attention to that label and stick it on
the side but today we're going to talk
about just whites as in Cotton whites
and very durable whites you spend a lot
of money on clothes and towels and
sheets and everything that keeps a
household running and I'm going to show
you how to save money on all of that you
got to have a good laundry soap and
here's the money saving an ecologically
green tip on that one my green fills had
sponsored this video and I was so happy
to see their product I will never have
to pay again for packaging with my green
fills they ship you the bottles once and
then from then on you get little
packages which are Super inexpensive
they don't even charge for the bottles
the first time there is a major
difference in cost when it comes to
laundry soap the big orange plastic tide
bottles that comes to 23 cents a load if
you buy those pods those are 60 to 90
cents a load even the cheaper ones are
50 cents a load in the volume packs I
had been buying the most value Brands
and that's about 15 to 18 cents a load
my green fills with the way they have
devised their laundry systems is only 8
to 10 cents a load that's amazing I go
through tons and tons and tons of
laundry I am laundry Queen you just clip
off the
top and you pour it in your bottle this
is a laundry
soap and fill it with water this is a
non-chemical laundry soap other ones
have chemicals that get into your skin
because they get into your clothes all
those name brands this one is completely
vegan and chemical free it's so safe to
use and it works so well and then on
goes the
cap and shake it
up it is such a wonderfully sized Bottle
too that you can take it to a laundry
mat and it's not too heavy or
bulky I use one capful of the laundry
soap for a full load of laundry and then
for whites I always put a cap load of
the brightener into the little area of
my machine that says bleach goes in here
this is not bleach it's a peroxide it's
much safer than bleach and it brightens
lots of colors too and then you add a
capful of your fabric softener this
softener has vitamin C citric acid
because it drops the pH of the water so
it makes it softer our bodies this one
doesn't have that silicone that other
fabric softeners have that kind of give
your clothes like a a Sheen appearance
and a smell of softness all that stuff
is a lot of chemicals that work their
way into your body I don't want that and
I don't want that smell so I love this
natural citric acid soften so load the
machine with your dirty laundry but
don't over stuff it turn the water on
hot for durable whites like Sheets if
you have a t-shirt that's kind of small
it does not go on hot it goes on warm I
use the regular cycle when it's done I
just throw it into my dryer and that'll
take about an hour on high as well for
durable whites don't be afraid to use
hot water when you're doing your whites
cuz that's going to make it the whitest
but you do need the good laundry soap
and the brightener too they will never
get great with this combination and
let's say on your clothes you have a
stain use a little bitty scooper and you
put that on the stain with a tiny bit of
the laundry soap and maybe an old
toothbrush to brush it out that'll do
you I go through tons and tons of
laundry as you can see I live a Super
Active lifestyle and I have a busy
household I go to the beach a lot and
that means I go through a lot of toils
I'm always doing laundry it's a big part
of my life and if it's a big part of
your life you're going to really love my
green fields laundry soaps click the
link below and check it out this is the
last laundry soap you'll ever buy and
the reason is you'll never be polluting
your landfills again your skin is never
going to have that toxic chemicals on it
and you're going to save a ton of money
with this system thank you my green
fills for sponsoring this video and I
really think this is the new way of
laundry for our future and our good
Green Planet I'm Rebecca brand subscribe
to my channel and let's keep finding out
great recipes for life like how to do
laundry safe for your skin safe for the
environment and cheap
[Music]