okay the coconuts in two pieces to be
blends so I don't know how many of you I
remember this village who's highly
loaded this is the second version of the
coconut oil I'm doing so I'm getting a
little bit there to do and coconut chips
so I have my pan over there on top of
the clip and I have the coconut honey
and sauce I'm going to put a little bit
of honey on it and a little bit of salt
when I put the coconut day so there are
two ways of dropping your coconut chips
you can top it with knife like little
bit like chips or you can do it like
this the color of subhead changing I
love this round
oh I love this email enjoy coconut is
everything good for eyes open not take
[Music]
it back to the comment coming up now
hold on a live event we might have
enough chips if you are on your knees
are soft
that is the best coconut chips need to
send an unreachable penny are you enjoy
my video click soon and I will show you
the last week of the coconut chips ready
look at that