[Music]
hi everyone it's Tatiana from Tatiana's
Everyday Food and welcome back to my
kitchen so Thanksgiving is just around
the corner so it's time to get a recipe
for the main star of your dinner now I
know Turkey is a very traditional meat
to be served at the Thanksgiving table
but today I'm actually going to share an
alternative that my family really enjoys
today I'm making a whole roast duck I
love duck cuz it has the extra layer of
fat on the outside and it keeps all
those flavors and juices on the inside
so you have a very juicy and very tender
meat at the end now I know cooking a
whole bird can be very intimidating so
I'm going to break down all the steps
and I'm going to show you just how easy
it is so that you can conquer your
Thanksgiving dinner let's get started
before we get started on our other
ingredients I'm going to put together a
very simple seasoning that I'm going to
use to rub on the duck so I have a
couple tablespoons of kosher salt to
that I'm going to add about a tablespoon
half of smoked paprika which is going to
add so much amazing flavor and color to
our recipe and I'm going to add some
ground black pepper just going to
combine all that together and that's it
for our simple seasoning and now let's
get started with our recipe so today I'm
using a duck that's about 5 and 1/2 lb
it's a pretty good size now you want to
rinse it out once you take it out of the
packaging and just Pat it down dry with
paper towels and now I'm going to season
the inside first so I'm just going to
sprinkle the seasoning that that I
prepared here on the inside you want to
make sure you're flavoring the inside
and the outside and now for stuffing our
ducks I want to fill the inside of it
with lots of um aromatics and herbs so
that when it bakes in the oven it's
going to get permeated with all those
different flavors so I'm going to add
about six garlic cloves and I've just
chopped these up uh finely and I'm going
to add a small bunch of fresh thyme so
what you want to do is just shove all
those ingredients
inside I love adding lots of garlic you
can never half too much
[Music]
garlic next I'm going to add my chopped
shallots and red onion just stuff them
all the way in there along with some
baby carrots now you can use regular
carrots these are just already cut up so
I thought i' this be a little bit easier
for this recipe shove that in
there and now that we have our duck
stuffed it's time to season the outside
of it so I'm going to sprinkle that uh
the seasoning that I prepared earlier
you want to be really generous with this
you want to make sure all that duck gets
seasoned really well and I'm just going
to take my hands and rub that salt into
the flesh so the skin is really well
seasoned I'm going to flip it
over and we're going to season the other
side as
[Music]
well so a lot of times the duck is
cooked just like this but if you want to
tie the drumsticks together you can
absolutely do that and it's going to
make for a beautiful presentation so
you'll just want to take some butcher
twine and tie that right
[Music]
up all right and now it's time to get
our duck into the oven so I have my
seasoned stuffed duck I'm going to
transfer it into a roasting pan with a
little shelf here this is going to help
keep the duck above the pan from you
know cooking in its own fat juices so
I'm just going to lift the duck right up
and for the first hour I'm actually
going to bake the duck upside down and
that way it gets roasted on both sides
you're going to place it upside down and
I have my oven preheated to 350° fahit
and the duck will cook uh about 25
minutes per pound so it'll be in the
oven a little bit over two hours now I
do highly recommend getting um little
thermometer digital thermometer and the
meat needs to cook to about 160 degrees
Fahrenheit um so I'm G to roast it for
about an hour on this side and then
we'll come back and flip it over my duck
has been in the oven for 1 hour and now
it's time to turn it
[Music]
over I've turned my duck over and now
it's time to put it back into the oven
um at this point you'll want to start
basting it every 20 minutes either using
a pastry brush or a baster you're going
to start to see some of the grease
collect on the bottom of your roasting
pan we'll just want to dip in there and
just Grease the top of that skin so it
stays nice golden and
moisturized I just took my duck out of
the oven and it's almost done I'm just
going to base it one more time with that
duck
fat make sure that skin is nicely
saturated and moist so while we're
waiting for a duct to finish we can
garnish our serving platter so I have
some uh fresh Rosemary some Sage leaves
some pomegranates some cranberries and
some pemons and you just want to make a
beautiful arrangement all over the tray
so when you place that duck in the into
there it's going to just garnish and add
lots of color to the tray once your duck
has reached an internal temperature of
about 160 you can go ahead and take it
out and let it rest for another 15 to 20
minutes on the countertop and it's going
to keep cooking and the internal
temperature should reach at about 165°
so now it's time to transfer the duck
onto our prepar
[Music]
platter and that's it for a duck guys
and now all you have to do is grab your
carving tools and cut yourself a
delicious juicy slice of
[Music]
duck and that's it for our roasted duck
I hope with this video tutorial I'm
going to help you overcome some of the
intimidation about roasting a whole bird
now you can you could take the same
seasoning and stuffing that I've used
for this recipe and use it for a turkey
or a chicken you'll just have to modify
the cooking time to make sure that the
inside reaches at least 165° F and now
it's time to give it a try and I've
carved myself a piece of that duck
breast cuz that's my favorite part of
the bird I love all the fat and just how
juicy and tender that meat
[Music]
is guys this meat is just to D for good
it just melts in your mouth it's so
juicy and tender and that outer layer
fat has been rendered to Perfection it
just melts in your mouth and all that
seasoning that garlic and the smoked
paprika have just permeated the meat and
it just tastes so good it's so flavorful
you guys are going to love how easy this
is and how delicious it is and I
recommend serving the duck with my kale
pomegranate salad I have a separate
video for that you can find that in my
video description below or maybe even
some oven roasted sweet potatoes would
go phenomenal with this dish I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video recipe
happy Thanksgiving to you and your
family and I'll see you guys next time