this is Allan with the grilling Network
welcome today on tap a kettle one bot
gun fused watermelon we're going to use
our chops power injector so let's go
ahead and get
started Dan the owner of chops power
injector sent me one of his units and
gave me a challenge to do something
different than using it for Meats uh
typically it's used for your briskets
and uh pull pork uh I accepted the
challenge and said that I would do a
vodka infused watermelon so it's go
ahead and get to it the ingredients are
quite simple uh you just need a good
vodka I'm using cwan this is much better
than the smear knoff or Gray Goose let's
go ahead and add about a cup and a half
of this to our
container there we
go went ahead and made myself a drink
cheers one of the great features I love
about this injector system is the
flexibility that you have when it comes
to swapping out or changing the uh
injector needles different projects
require different needles and the
flexibility that you have unlike other
injectors for this one I chose a larger
port hole so let's go ahead and get to
the next step what makes this method so
much better than the traditional way
that you've probably seen on uh other
videos is that you don't have to cut a
hole and set your bottle on top and
you'll find a way to prop up your
watermelon all you really need to do is
take your injector give this a good 5 to
10 pumps place the needle inside or on
top of the watermelon and just insert
it and then all you do is just
depress we're going to go ahead and
finish this off camera just you know
just let it go until all the vodka is
inside the watermelon now it's time to
place the watermelon in the refrigerator
for 4 to 6 hours let it chill it's time
for a refill so it's been 4 hours let's
go ahead and cut into this bad boy I'm
going to go ahead and cut the bottom off
just give
us stability when we set it up to cut
it I'm going to split it in
half there we
go look at that you can see where the
alcohol has gone
through set one of these
aside and then I'm just going to cut
wedges
off let's go ahead and give this a try
all
right wow guys that is pH phenomenal
don't know if you've ever had vodka
infused watermelon before I would
definitely give it a try I want to thank
Dan from chops power injector for
sending the injector over hopefully this
so it's up to the challenge that you
gave me until next time guys we'll see
you then