[Music]
hi I'm Shelly from Frugal Family Home
and today I wanted to share an easy
recipe tutorial for French dressing and
we grow a lot of lettuce at our house in
the spring and the summer and so we eat
a lot of salads and I don't the salad
dressings from the store are okay but
making them at home yourself you know
all the ingredients that are in it and
this recipe is so easy you just have to
measure the ingredients give it a shake
and it is ready so let me show you the
ingredients you need and how to make
okay so these are the ingredients we
need for our homemade French dressing
first thing we need is A4 a cup of
vinegar a half a cup of oil a half a cup
of ketchup 1/3 a cup of sugar and you
can reduce that if a/ thir of cup seems
like too much to you or if it's too and
for the seasonings we have 1 teaspoon of
paprika 1/4 a teaspoon of garlic powder
1/4 a teaspoon of onion powder and 1/4 a
teaspoon of pink Himalayan salt and you
can use regular salt I just had some
pink Himalayan salt so I'm going to use
it in this so the first thing I usually
do is take the seasonings and just dump
them right into the vinegar there and
I'll give them a little stir to kind of
get them
incorporated
into the vinegar and so they won't clump
when um when I put them in and then I
just use a regular canning jar this
one's just a wide mouth pint size and I
will put the vinegar with the seasonings
in add the
oil add the
sugar
oops and lastly put in the ketchup might
e a spatula to get it all out of
there and then once it's all in to your
jar you can either use a whisk and whisk
it up right in the jar like that or my
preferred method is just to put a lid on
grab the jar and give it a good
Shake just like that and then
the dressing is made now you want to
refrigerate this for a couple hours and
then it's ready to use and that's just
how easy you can make your own French
dressing at home and if you like this
recipe tutorial I would love to have you
stop by my blog at Frugal family
home.com where you can find more easy
recipes and homem making helps thanks
for watching and we'll see you next time
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]