what else have you noticed well we put a
little box on the bathroom down here and
we tried a new litter okay so he used
that one that's pretty amazing well and
then there's one in her room
you guys keep glossing over the good
stuff cats can definitely be particular
to a certain kind of litter for one
smell plays a part in it
certain cats are just offended by
certain sense in this case Pat and
Laurie have found a litter that works
for moose and we've got to build on that
let's take a look at your video homework
and see what you guys have collected for
me over the past couple weeks so we a
litter box over here in the corner I saw
the madding litter boxes all over the
house and I know that's gonna pay off as
well I got to see Kristen doing her true
detective work and putting those sticky
notes up all over the house wherever
moves peed now of course there's a
downside to that and that is there was a
lot of sticky notes that had to go up
all right so Kristen another part of
your detective homework was making
observations about moose and the
surroundings what do you notice well we
figured out that the reason why he got
spooked is because in our next-door
neighbor's cat went into our garage over
the weekend what Kristen caught the
neighbor's cat in the garage it gives us
an indication that moose is not just
paranoid they are after him okay I had
to go into the garage and check it out
take a look at this you see what's
chewed up down here mm-hmm when there's
a cat and it's cold outside the way it
is at night they want in they can
literally go flat and get in here right
that was an aha moment cuz we think the
garage is completely closed up there's
really an access point
okay guys let's talk about different
types of litter tell me about the
changes you've made this is just a new
litter that we tried and he uses that
litter great but look we got a litter
that's working for you which I actually
do like the non smell of look anything
that works in this house we got to throw
a party about right so good we put all
kinds of boxes around the house but this
litter with this box worked well in the
bathroom and in Kristen's room great
that's the success of an experiment