hi again YouTubers so it has been
requested by quite a few people for me
to mention how I clean my brushes with
rubbing alcohol um and Goss makeup
artist had done a video on this but I'm
just going to kind of go through and
tell you a little bit about what I do
and how I use this um I tend to pick up
91% rubbing alcohol um this one is by a
company called care one I think I get it
at Walgreens or like stoping shop maybe
I don't even know and the reason I like
this one is because this one actually
has a squirt top to it which makes it
very easy and it's a large size bottle
it is 32 oz so it lasts me a good amount
of time um I have an old I don't even
know what this is from honestly I guess
it's like a little measuring cup type of
thing I don't even remember what it's
from honestly and then I also have an
old towel and this towel as you can
see has been stained like crazy but it
is it's a rough towel it's not a soft
towel it's almost like a kitchen towel
type of thing it's not like a soft like
towel like this like that you would use
in your bathroom it is definitely a
rougher type of towel and I think that
really makes the difference so what I
tend to do is I take the rubbing alcohol
and my little thing here and I squirt
some into it generally up to can you see
that little line right there I tend to
go up to that line oops I was getting
ready to put it away I'm so used to
putting it away I take my brush
brushes and I run the brushes into the
product and it kind of soaks up a good
amount of the product but I kind of
you'll see it change colors to
especially if you have Foundation or
like mineral powders or something so I
rub this in and you can see I've sent
this to the dishwasher and even this
little thing is stained but I kind of
rub it around until it's absorbed most
of the rubbing alcohol then I take the
brush and I simply go back and
forth on this towel that has a good
amount of texture to it and as I said is
rough and I think the roughness helps
pull the makeup out of the brush a
little bit better now the keys of why
you want to or why you can use rubbing
alcohol is one is the fact that it kills
off any germs on the makeup brushes two
it also is very fast drying so you don't
have to sit here and wait for your
brushes to dry or anything like that it
dries very very quickly um I tend to
like do a brush and I would say in about
like a thick brush like this like a
foundation type brush it would be dry
probably in about 20 to 30 minutes um
eye brushes are dry almost instantly um
but it is a very easy concept for
cleaning your brushes spot cleaning them
I do still deep clean my brushes I deep
clean my brushes about once a month um
and I do that with the ones that I use
the most frequently I have a little
container on my vanity of my most used
brushes and then I have areas that have
additional brushes in them and before it
goes into those areas kind of I make
sure I deep clean my brushes before they
go into to the like reserve area so um
this is a very very easy easy way of
doing this as you can see by this towel
it's been through the wash um it just
went through the other day but this is
what I just pulled off of this brush
right up here um is it stains these
towels so make sure this is not a good
towel you're using for this I'm assuming
you could use paper towels but I prefer
to use something like this that I can
just wash and reuse and keep with me um
but make sure that it is definitely
something that has a good texture to it
so it's a pretty quick and easy concept
it's pretty easy to do um but I know a
lot of people were asking how I did this
um the only downside sometimes is um
people had mentioned to me if you see
the bottom of my brush this is the only
brush that this has happened to I have
other real technique brushes that this
has not happened with but someone said
to me that the reason this is happening
is because of the rubbing alcohol and it
kind of runs down I haven't had any
issues with it I've not had any issues
with my ferals the glue loosening I've
not had any issues um with this as a
cleaning concept it has worked great for
me and as I said it kills off the
bacteria which is amazing um I found the
70 I think per rubbing alcohol didn't
really work for me it took longer to dry
it didn't get the color off of these
brushes as easily and the 99% really
didn't do anything for me either so um
that is my cleaning brushes with rubbing
alcohol let me know if you have any
questions and thanks so much for
watching guys bye