all right we're gonna go over how to cut
a perfectly straight line all right what
we have here are four c-clamps speed
ones okay so you could just squeeze them
in quick we have a circular saw
a 25-foot measuring tape or pencil all
right now your standard sheet of plywood
is 48 inches by 96 inches 4 feet by 8
feet okay what I need to do is I need to
make a rip cut okay to make this thing
40 inches wide
all right so first thing I want to look
at on my saw here okay because I'm going
to measure the distance from the blade
to the edge that's about an inch and a
half okay
not about it is okay what I'm gonna do
there because I know I need to cut eight
eight inches off but since my blades
over an inch and a half I have to add an
inch and a half off so I'm gonna come
here and I want to cut eight inches off
so I want my blade to be here but since
my edge needs to be here I need to make
a mark here at an inch and a half over
which would be nine and a half inches so
I'm gonna make a mark there mark
okay now once I've done that and I'm
going to use an extra piece of plywood
that I have here
but what there's an important thing to
views with these sheets of plywood all
right now we're looking for a perfectly
straight cut I could just make a line
and just follow my line down sure
however it's hard to hold a straight
line notice they are all these printings
okay
matter of fact that says Made the USA so
it's got to be awesome this is what you
call your factory edge
this means it was cut in the machine
that was like CNC machine or something
like that so that's tough spot on so I'm
not going to use the other side that's
been cut because human error can be
jacked up so what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna line this sheet of wood up
right on that pencil line okay from
there I'm gonna clamp it down nice and
tight
alright I'm gonna leave a little bit of
room for my saw okay what I'm gonna do
don't come over here
I'll make sure this one's on this line
okay by doing that my whole thing's
tight and all I gotta do now is run my
saw
there you have it one perfectly cut
sheet of wood we cut eight inches off
and it's perfectly straight