hey guys so in today's video we wanted
to show you how we like to clean our
saddle they haven't cleaned it in like a
month so it really needed it
but what we like to use is Dawn dish
soap but we didn't have any so that's
what we're using today some silver
polish some effects leather conditioner
and some heats but oil and we also just
use some warm water
so the first step is to take off your
saddle cover obviously and then to try
to get your stirrup leathers off your
saddle which is quite difficult for us
apparently we don't usually like adjust
our stirrups very often because we
always keep them on the same hole so
they can get kind of stiff but you want
to make sure you clean underneath them
so it's important to get those off
so we just start off by wiping down the
saddle with the warm water and soap
solution we like to use a rag instead of
a sponge just because we find that the
sponge puts too much water on the saddle
and you want to make sure you get every
part of the saddle under the flaps the
billets every part
and don't forget to clean the underside
of your saddle tube because that's where
a lot of dirt and hair collects next we
are just cleaning the stirrup leathers
just with the same silk and water and
then we clean the stirrup irons just in
the sink with soap and water cuz they're
metal so you don't have to be too
careful with them so once your saddles
dry you want to oil it it's best to do
with thin coats and then you can apply
several coats if you want we ended up
doing two coats on the seat of the
saddle just because it's not as dark as
the rest of the saddle
and it's important not to forget to get
underneath the flax and the billets but
you don't want to apply too much oil to
the billets because they can get over
oiled and stretch and eventually snap
once the oil has had a chance to soak it
and we like to condition our saddle with
the effects leather conditioner just to
give it a quick coat and it protects the
leather and if your saddle has any
silver on it you can polish it with some
silver polish I just hug like a little
silver button there so we like to polish
it
and that's it thanks so much for
watching