hello again my name is John and welcome
to my latest video this time I'll share
with you how I make my own vanilla
extract it works out a lot cheaper and a
much better quality than the
commercially produced extract plus you
know exactly what's in it okay this
recipe will make 500 mils of one pint of
top-quality extract
I'll start by having and splitting
approximately ten vanilla beans which is
about 30 grams you can adjust these
measurements to suit yourself by
splitting the pods down the middle and
exposing the small seeds makes the
infusion process quicker because you're
increasing the surface area of the pane
you can scrape out these tiny little
seeds if you wish but I just leave them
in a quick word about cost for those who
think it would be more expensive to make
your own obviously I won't mention
specific brand names but some of the top
brands for top-quality extract will
charge on average 12 pound per hundred
mils and at the current exchange rate
that's 16 dollars for only 100 mils of
vanilla extract
and that's only 35 percent alcohol and
65% water my five hundred mils at 100
percent alcohol only costs 16 pounds or
$20 for the vodka and the vanilla beans
so you only pay a quarter of the price
for a much better quality extract the
price you do have to fear is the waiting
time you can use it after 3 months but I
recommend 6 months to a year and beyond
it's up to you but it does get much
better with age so the sooner you make
it the sooner you can use it right
that's all the vanilla beans prepared
now you'll need a glass bottle to keep
the extract in
it's best to use a stained glass bowl
for this as its recommended to keep this
extract in a dark environment I just use
all medicine balls that have been
thoroughly cleaned and sterilized under
labels removed you'll need to label the
model so you know when the extract was
made
[Music]
right put all the beans into the bottle
and add five hundred mils that's
approximately one pint of vodka I use
the cheapest vodka I can find if you
fail in really extravagant you can use
brandy but I think vodka has a more
neutral taste I was a little short of
vodka for my bubble but I would be
topping it up when I show you something
else to make into an extract near the
end of the video now you need to store
this in a cool dark place for at least
three months before using it give the
bottle a quick shake every couple of
days or so but the longer you can leave
it the better it'll get here's one I
made two years earlier I pour a little
into a glass so you can see its rich
color and hopefully you can see that
it's thickened up a little almost like a
thin syrup I've used a lot of brands in
the past but after making my own I would
never go back to buy in it
mine has a better flavor goes a lot
further simply because it's much
stronger so you don't need as much and
as I mentioned earlier is a lot cheaper
so why wouldn't you before I retired
from my career in business in 2015 I
would make up a 500 ml bottle every year
I still make it because they make great
Christmas presents the only downside is
the initial waiting time for the first
bottle to mature once your first bottle
is ready to use that's the time to
miracle we are second law and so on so
you'll always have a bottle ready to use
[Music]
I have little vodka left after topping
up my vanilla bottle so I'll show you
how I make my orange and lemon extract
start by peeling some of the zest of a
lemon and an orange you don't need much
but try not to get too much at the
bitter white pith it's more difficult
avoiding the pith on the orange but do
your best
[Music]
oki wants the orange and lemon appealed
to exactly the same as the vanilla put
the peel into a bottle and top it up
with the vodka label a bottle and let it
mature unjust like the vanilla the
longer you leave it the batteries will
become
[Music]
here's another I did a couple of years
ago and like the caption see as soon as
you take the cup off the bottle you get
a wonderful scent of orange and lemon it
really is quite powerful you can use
this in cakes and cookies and in certain
see every dishes it's brilliant for
flavoring rice my wife once described
the smell of this orange and lemon as
Christmas in a bottle
[Music]
well there you are that's how I make my
extracts won't me give it a go but you
must be patient with it don't attempt to
use it too soon if you've enjoyed the
video please like comment and share and
maybe subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of my videos please
click on the links above thanks again
for watching and bye for now
[Music]