[Music]
you
hi this is Charlie Manto to yellow from
blue air flutes calm
bring me a video another flute care
video and I we used to have when we made
forever ago but I thought you guys
deserved a slightly updated one so
anyway this is a beautiful Eastern
redcedar G flute that we make sounds
really great but you know over time you
have to protect these kind of things a
lot of people like to buy influence that
have been lacquered or maybe she lacked
and the two shellac of course is the
more natural material to use on a flute
but we still you know I like to stick
with what Indian people always used and
what has preserved flutes for thousands
of years so anyway with regards to the
lacquered flute and we no longer offer
those on our website anymore but we do
want to explain to you how to take care
of your food it is like that and if it's
not if it's one of ours it is a natural
flute kind of a more organic mix here
you might would say then you'll know how
to take care of ours as well so to start
with looking at your your flute you want
to see if it has kind of a natural shine
or does it look really glossy like maybe
a piece of furniture or something if
it's really glossy it probably has a
were base acrylic or some other type of
lacquer on it but the lacquer you don't
want to follow all the procedures we use
for our flute that are not lacquered the
natural flutes so I use a mixture of oil
that we make ourselves and there's no
secret is made out of sesame seed excuse
me
sunflower seed oil not sesame sunflower
seed oil then it's got a little bit of
tea tree oil maybe a teaspoon and then
maybe a half a teaspoon of peppermint
oil women this is what I have found over
30 years of woodworking and has been the
best mixture for taking care of your
flute now if you have a flute once again
the head Lac on the outside of it if you
put this on it over time
the oil is going to cause the lacquer to
release and come come loose or at least
that's been my experience in the
furniture business
but with even a lacquered flute unless
you're one of those people that have
bought the flute that was lacquered on
the inside I've heard someone doing that
before this should be safe you have any
questions actually make your Dutch feel
to tell you what I like to do is give
just a little bit of oil treat this
thing like it's a piece of wood a little
bit of oil in here as I'm turning it
around in a circle the reason I do this
is it causes the oil to completely
coping inside when chemistry when we're
learning then you know you can look at
inside of that thing and today's a
little chilly so the oil is a little
thicker than it normally is it takes a
little longer for it to go on hot days
you might want to be mindful how much
you should might be a little bit too
much so anyway it's getting close to the
bottom there and that will actually take
care of the inside of your flute it will
actually continue a process that the
flute really needs to have continued
with a cowling petrification is
something like that when you put oil a
natural like I said like the sunflower
we use you don't even have to use a you
can use olive oil some people still use
mineral oil we use it on our own flutes
from time to time however a lot of
people believe that their will may not
be good for you of course mineral well
is baby oil so it is kind of you know
six of one and a half a dozen of another
like my dad always said but you can use
mineral oil if you feel I could say
maybe oils perfect we used it for years
and years and years on our flutes I
still like to say to still do my own on
the flute so we make today we do use our
other mixture which is very natural and
very very organic and simple but putting
that inside of a flute helps to seal a
lot of the pores and it feels the pores
with a buildup of kind of a fatty
substance which is the same way in
people of preserved wood for a thousand
years
not to mention lots of other people in
the world but like sand
American people that make these kind of
customs it have always used a boil now I
personally have used material before
that may have been a little bit more
original and indigenous like bear fat
like we talked on my own flips or money
like maybe my pipe or something like
that but these days to help with a lot
of reasons I'd like to stick with
something that's food grade so that's
why I suggest if you don't have our
sunflower tea tree and peppermint oil
mixture use maybe olive oils is really
good at olive oil doesn't really go bad
and does everything you need it to do
it's a little thicker than then what I
like to use which is a reason we don't
use it in the shop however let's say it
works great so do that now that's about
all you can do for a flute that has been
lacquered unless instructed otherwise by
the flute maker now as far as our flutes
one that has a natural finish on it
something like the way to the the Amish
actually finish their furniture maybe
perhaps they use kind of a a waxed and
rubbed finish as what is called and we
do something very similar to that likes
a very similar to waiting people have
always taken care of their things and
what it consists of is a little bit of
oil on the outside a little bit of oil
on the inside and then a waxy coating on
the outside now what we're going to do
is go ahead and take this flute block
off you're really careful you can take
it off without even taking the legs out
of it all together just like that
let's see if that makes it easy for
going back on anyway so you take that
off and then just a couple of drops of
oil on the top it's probably all this
guy can stand because he's already going
to oil and wax several times a couple of
drops keep in mind that most oil stains
clothing cloth so you want to remember
that mineral oil is probably the worst
for staining your cloth now that looks
really
a shining just super super nice and
shiny which is a great thing something
you're really aspired to do and then
we're going to wipe it down probably 90
maybe 85 percent of the oil we just put
on goes into the clock it's okay
part of life how does the process works
wipe it down still very nice and shiny
because there were microscopic pores
that the oil filled which is you know
the way I like to do things from that
step the next thing you want to do we
carry an imitation bareback we call it
on our website which the material has no
bear fat or animal products and
whatsoever it's actually very natural
I say animal products I guess and
beeswax in it you could consider that to
be an animal product not made much ahead
of the beat however so just run my
finger inside of it my fingernail it's
once again a little cold so this does a
little further than what I like when
it's warm as little mishears my wife but
you get the nice little supply of it
there on your fingers and you want to
rub it everywhere that there's not a
fingering or a hold for the flute sound
to come out up and then just wipe it you
can notice a twist and wipe at the same
time you can wipe it however you like
just as long as you get it mostly wiped
like that and you can feel that it's got
a nice coating of oil all mounted wax
oil and if you just use the wax you'll
be just humming still like to put a
little something on the inside because
the inside gets a lot of moisture now if
you notice there is a little wax on the
inside of the fingerings there's a
couple of ways you can do this a q-tip
works perfectly a little cotton swab if
you're extremely careful a safe sharp
object will be okay I will say that you
don't want to change the size of these
holes too much if you can help it so
just wipe them that wax out of the
inside of it okay
and then from there you can even take
the end of your cloth this is just a
like a lint free cotton cloth really a
belated t-shirt material we buy in bulk
for cleaning fleas and that's got that
just a quick wipe over with your cloth
and a beautiful shiny flute many of you
might find that you have a flute that is
20 or 30 years old and you do this - it
is bringing life back into the wood
actually made it quite luscious at least
for mind what looks pretty nice so don't
forget to take care of the flute totem
just the same and once again something I
recommend is putting a little wax
underneath of the totem now you can't
just leave it there you do have to wipe
it off just like you deal with risk of
the flute but if you maintain this guy
keep it wiped and oiled regularly
truthfully after about a year of doing
that you're going to see that you don't
have to do it as often once again part
of the procedure so let's see if easy is
going to happen here
it sure does anyway pretty simple stuff
that's for our bear totem of course any
totems that have to be untied just have
to be untie there's no way around it so
we've got him on there let's go ahead
and tie it when you tie it you want to
make sure that you tie it tight however
you don't want to don't ever stick
leather you know bad leather porcupines
boodles
so many people out there getting the
joke anyway
everybody else is out looming sticking
porcupines closing around ok ok so we've
got a tie back down nice and firm you
just you see you can't really twist in
this that's all you want you want to tie
a tie did you break the leather lace and
that's it that's really all there is the
flu yeah Nathan you don't want to put
your flute in the Sun no matter what
materials might not have and help
protect it from the Sun we do offer you
know fleas bags on our website which are
very inexpensive and good option for
taking care of your flute we have
leather bags as well for somebody wants
a little bit more luxurious model the
flute inside of the bag should protect
it promotes harmful UV rays don't set it
in your car - don't set it above your
fireplace maybe above the fireplace in
the summertime is ok unless you're in
Alaska just heat is bad for wood it's
just the natural thing you have to
remember if this is a beautiful
instrument it looks like it's about this
big around and in essence it's really
only been mystic so you know that's what
you've got to do to take care of it so
anyway I hope you guys have enjoyed this
video we have countless others on taking
care of your flute make includes playing
flutes anything you can imagine what the
Native American flute and we hope to see
you again very soon so once again
Charlo mantra - yellow sign after Blue
Bear flutes calm and happy flute plane
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]