[Music]
the most important thing before you
start baking is making sure that you
have the right ingredients
measuring ingredients properly will
ensure that you get more accurate
results whether you're measuring it
correctly or wrongly I mean how your
cake comes out in today because I'm
going to show you how to measure
ingredients properly using measuring
cups in spoon maybe 13 and welcome to my
channel so what I have with me is a set
of measuring cups for dry ingredients
wet ingredients you can see it's labeled
and measuring spoons measuring the wet
ingredients you want to make sure that
you have the right results like for
example milk just for the milk and then
you may want to bend down and check the
exact measurement according to the
recipe you are following to measure dry
ingredients such as sugar you want to
make sure that you first scoop it from
somewhere differently
and then you just swipe it with a knife
[Music]
this is one crap you can see its label
in each Cup it's labeled like this one
is one cup and then you transfer it to
your mixing bowl and then you start
using it as for the measuring spoons
each one is Lebon like this one is 1/8
teaspoon of water teaspoon 1/2 a
teaspoon 1 teaspoon like that and 1
tablespoon
this one is 1/2 tablespoon and 1
tablespoon so let's use there 1
tablespoon
for example when you want to measure
something like vanilla extract do not
put it near the bowl first of all you
will measure it somewhere differently
right just remove the bowl and put your
1 tablespoon then put back the ball if
everything mixed in and you put your
vanilla extract this will ensure that
you don't for excess and you are pouring
the exact 1 tablespoon
depending on the recipe that you are
using you are going to make sure that
you follow it precisely so that you can
achieve great results for example in
recipes that say that you have to sift
your flour fast like sifted fly you will
have to sift the flour fast before you
measure it in your measuring cup
remember measuring cups come in
different sizes so you have to follow
any recipe that you've been using sift
your flour make sure that any particles
are removed sifting you're flummox the
cake fluffy and moist very very soft
when you are done sitting that's when
you lose your measuring cups for dry
ingredients depending on the recipe that
you are using
[Music]
now when you're done you let me use
their half a cup you want to make sure
that your flat it's full and then you
just swipe it with a knife now that's a
full cup then use it for baking
Camille didn't come with cups and others
coming gram I'm going to show you a
chart of how to convert crap into grams
and bake effectively
I hope you've learned something great
from this video and I'm going to link
everything down below where I bought
these measuring cups and spoons as
always like the video give it a thumbs
up and subscribe to my channel like
share comment and subscribe until next
time bye
[Music]