hi it's Nikki Sizemore and today I'm
making baked oatmeal bars that are
gluten-free and vegan and they're free
of refined sugars and they're still
really delicious we're going to start
with old-fashioned rolled oats and then
Chia and flax seeds and these are going
to be the binders that hold the bars
together now I added cinnamon cardamom
for flavor and then some kosher salt so
I'm essentially making my daughter's
favorite oatmeal into a bar form because
she eats her oatmeal with her hands I
should mention she's only one years old
I know I'm gonna add some coconut oil
some good fat and some flavor and then
we are going to stir in some boiling
water give this a stir to make sure that
everything is evenly combined that looks
pretty good
Now cover with plastic wrap and let it
sit for about five to ten minutes
now let's talk wet ingredients for that
all we need are two bananas and some
maple syrup these are also going to
naturally sweeten the bars so just
breaking up the bananas into a bowl and
then I'll smash them with a fork now I'm
going to add some maple syrup and you
want to use the good stuff here
[Music]
okay now transfer this mixture to the
oats and you can see how thick the oats
have gotten so just kind of break them
up and keep stirring until everything is
evenly combined
that looks good now last but not least
some berries I'm using raspberries and
wild blueberries you can use either
fresh or frozen berries
now transfer this mixture to a greased
baking dish
and then smooth out the top all right
into the oven
once out of the oven let cool for about
10 minutes then cut into bars and serve
for the recipe go to my book from
scratch fast at nikkysizemore.com blog
[Music]