hello my lovelies again so as I promised
I'm doing another complete video for you
guys this one is how to make my chicken
spaghetti that my mama taught me I'm
just real simple recipe and a great way
to sneak in some vegetables look through
kids knowing it so if you want to see
how to make this thing keep watching
okay for the recipe you're going to need
a pound of spaghetti a can of Rotel a
can of green peas or sweet peas as we
call them a two pound block of Velveeta
cheese do not get the generic go for the
real and it just tastes
ten times better and then you're going
to need at least two and a half pounds
of chicken I'm using the fryer drumstick
chicken but you can use boneless
skinless chicken any type of chicken
that you want I prefer to use the
chicken with the bone in it because I'm
going to make my own stock okay so I
have my huge pot and one good thing
about this recipe it is a one pot meal
which absolutely love I don't have to
dirty up a bunch of dishes so I have my
pot halfway full of water and I have it
turned on high right now
medium high and then we're going to go
ahead and salt and season our water up a
little bit before we drop the chicken in
so I don't measure this out I just put
eyeball of salt you don't want it too
salty but you don't want it really bland
either so just however much of the
seasoning you would like so put salt and
put some pepper in there and then I also
put a little bit of garlic powder in
there
that looks good all right now we're
going to go ahead and put our chicken in
there so I'm just using the fryer
drumstick chicken but like I said before
you can use any type of chicken the
boneless skinless chicken if you want I
feel when you use the chicken with the
bone in it it makes the stop for your
your soft tastes a lot better okay now
that we've got those in the pot all
we're going to do is wash your hands and
let them come to a boil and you're going
to boil them until they're done so at
least about fifteen to thirty minutes
just until they're done no other pink in
the middle and then we'll be back to
show you what to do next all right so
while you're waiting for your chicken to
come to a boil you go ahead and open
your two cans leave the juice from the
Rotel but dump the juice from the green
peas so now that I've already opened
those and done that I'm going to show
you guys how to cut the cheese yes I
know it sounds funny but talk about
alright so this is a two pound block of
velveeta I have in a pinch tried the
generic you know you get from Walmart
the great value it's not taste good so I
don't recommend doing that I recommend
spinning the extra like I think it's a
few cents to a dollar and getting a real
deal it just oh okay so get your paper
all open and stuff
here all right so I have a cutting board
and a knife so I take it into chunks
about that big
lay it down cut it three ways across and
you can leave it like that if you want
but to get it to melt a little bit
faster I just cut it into cubes like
that so I just yeah then I just put them
in a bowl to kind of move out of the way
you will use depending on the quantity
that you were making for a pound of
spaghetti noodles and like a can of
Rotel and peas and the chicken I usually
use close and I mean very close like
where there's like that much left to a
whole two-pound block of velveeta
so if you wanted it really really extra
cheesy you could probably go ahead and
put that extra a little bit in there but
I kind of like mine a little bit a
little bit more soup here
so hints that's why I use the chicken
with the bone in it because I'm as I
stated before we are going to be making
our own stop get you're wondering what
I'm talking about that um you can do it
either way that you want if you prefer
to use the chicken with you know the
boneless skinless chicken then you can
just boil your noodles regular water or
you do it you can even do it okay let me
back up here all right let me tell you
how to do this so it makes a little more
sense to you guys okay so I boil my
chicken first and then of course I take
the chicken out and I cool it off which
you'll see here in a little bit and I
pick all the chicken off of the bone and
a horse discard the bones and while I'm
doing that I go ahead and drop my
spaghetti noodles over in the same water
that we cooked our chicken in so I find
that when you use the chicken with the
bone in it it flavors your water a lot
more
then if you use the boneless skinless
chicken but I also really hate picking
the chicken off the bone so I said
either way totally fine I mean up to you
but that's the way that my mom taught me
to do it and it always comes out amazing
so that's the way that I I do it okay so
I have a mofo cheese and like I said
before I have about that much left and I
always keep that to the side just in
case for some reason I need to add more
cheese so all right now we're going to
wait for our chicken tool and then I
will back to show you what we do next
okay now that our chicken is done we're
just going to go ahead and take them out
of the pot so just take a plate and some
tongs and just pull them right out of
the pot be very careful it's very hot
don't turn your water off so after we
get these out we're going to go ahead
and throw in our spaghetti noodles get a
chicken facial right now just dish them
out just like so try to keep a count so
I know how many I've got a fish out of
there I think this is the last one
okay so now that we've got all of those
out I'm going to go ahead and take our
spaghetti noodles and drop them in there
just put them in there just like so make
sure you don't get burned all right
just push them all down into the pot and
your water will stop boiling just for a
couple of minutes which is fine just
wait a couple minutes and they'll come
right back to a boil we're just going to
boil our spaghetti noodles just like you
would when you make regular spaghetti
be careful about that yeah I'm just
trying to make sure that they're all
nice and laid down in the water I'm
swinging a little romesco as our water's
coming back to a boil so we're just
going to go ahead and let those boil
like I said regular spaghetti those I'm
going to let my chicken cool so I can
take the needle and then we'll come back
in get to the next step okay now that
our spaghetti noodles are finished
boiling we're just going to take a jumbo
size coffee cup very carefully just dip
it in your noodles try not to get any in
the noodles with a cup we're just going
to take some of that broth out so I'm
just going to discard that because I
don't need all of it I get another cup
now you will need to keep at least at
least a cup full of it just in case it's
a little too thick for you and you want
to loosen it up a little bit so because
I have so much I'm going to dump out a
little bit but this last one I'm going
to go ahead and keep alright so now
we're going to go ahead and open our
peas up in our row to our chicken which
we have already shredded as you can see
and then we're going to go ahead and
dump in our cheese
okay so you can either turn your heat
off or turn it on low which I'm going to
go ahead and just turn it off we're just
going to go ahead and start stirring
this around make sure you get all of the
cheese underneath the noodles and the
broth just like so and you pretty much
just keep stirring it around until the
cheese is melted like I said if it's not
cheesy enough for you feel free to add
that little bit left over on the block
so we'll wait for this to melt and then
we'll check see if it's cheesy enough
for us so just keep mixing it around and
incorporating it until all those blocks
of cheese are melted okay so there you
have it I did go ahead and put the rest
of the cheese in there I just wasn't
quite cutting it for us so we did put
the rest of the cheese in there so this
is the end product okay that is it for
the recipe and if you have any questions
or comments leave them below don't
forget to thumbs up and subscribe and I
will talk to you guys later bye YouTube
you