hi i'm debrah Garten Snee with quirky
gourmet today I'm going to show you how
to steam cabbage without a steamer
Stephen cabbage is a great way to cook
it you can cook it delicately without
overcooking it it's healthy it retains a
lot of its nutrients but you may or may
not have a steamer basket on hand at the
moment when you want to steam cabbage so
what you need really is anything that's
metal and perforated you can use a
colander like a pasta colander you can
use a wire strainer
here I have a pot with boiling water I'm
going to put that there and just took it
on I'm going to cover the pot and I'm
just going to let it steam for a minute
or two cooks up really nice and quickly
you don't want to overcook it so now the
cabbage has turned a brighter green
color than it was when I started and
it's just started to we'll just a little
bit and there you have cabbage steamed
without a steamer
you