[Music]
[Applause]
like a triangle so each piece is
equidistant from each other and it's
kind of like an equilateral triangle
[Music]
[Music]
while summer is just around the corner
and what better way to celebrate the new
season than with a delicious fruit and
brojo salad it's great for parties and
for just kind of hanging out but in a
good time so we have the ingredients
right here we got some peaches
nectarines cantaloupe little honeydew
mint cherries some nutmeg and some
cinnamon and all we really need is a
little cool whip from the freezer
the freezer
freezers tough
do you want me to go to the store and
get we bought the Cool Whip
we bought all the ingredients why do we
have to wait till you go down to
7-eleven to get I think it's the left
can you have like a tools or something
do you have tools can you have tools do
you have tools is one of my question
hey no I don't have tools so somebody
get tools why are you all standing there
when I'm trying to open up fruit
what do we go what are we doing anybody
doing anything yeah do we need the cord
remember this out should I just cut up
fruit should I just cut fruit up and
that's what we're making fruit fruit
sounds great anyone can do it perfect
that is another flathead this is a
Phillips head this is a Phillips head
this is a thick fill line to the top for
the top take it off its hinge have a
small Phillips head screwdriver and then
I can fix it nobody sends him that yeah
we sense Aaron
go up go get a smoke those two things
ever and then we can get started and
then we can get started now we're
waiting on one person it's in a yellow
envelope this is penny cash on it no I
know when we close it it's not going to
work it's not right
so maybe what we do is great let's get
one thing fixed let's get one thing
working this morning okay I can fix this
if I get a small Phillips head
screwdriver that is a big Phillips head
screwdriver
one big Phillips head screwdriver true
flathead screwdrivers zero small
Phillips head screwdrivers and no fruit
ambrosia salad hi I'm Gus why I stay
we're just gonna make a fruit salad
[Music]