Hello everybody welcome back to this
channel in today's video I'm going to
show you how to sew a simple Circle top
or threads all you need for this project
is two yards or two meters of any fabric
of your choice a sewing machine scissors
sewing thread so let's get started
[Music]
for this project you need only four
measurements which are the neckline
all right
[Music]
now from the top Center of your fabric
measure around five centimeters wide or
fold and Mark on your Fabric and measure
out four centimeters lengthwise on full
skill and
[Music]
foreign
foreign
[Music]
measure down 10 centimeters to the
middle of the fabric this will serve as
the starting point where you mark your
lot
about the figure for your boss in my
case mine was 45 but I divided 45 by 4
which is how many times I folded the
fabric four times so I got 11.25 so for
the bust I measured out 11.25 for my
after that from the both points create a
slanty line down to the length of the
dress
[Music]
now for your sleeves Mark out your
sleeve figure
on your fabric to get this you divide
your actual round sleeve measurement by
two and then whatever you get you mark
on the fabric
[Music]
join all the lines together
making sure to create a curve at the
neck region and other armpit region like
I did and also remember to create a
curve down the
bottom at the bottom of the dress
if you want one or if you want it in a
square shape you can skip this stage
now feel free to cut out your patterns
making sure to follow all chalk markings
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
and there you have it your simple and
very easy circular top stroke dress so
you don't ever wear these sweets or
without a belt and
if it's very free as you can see
actually even
dancing
please do let me know in the description
bar below
as always remember to subscribe like and
share with your friends until I see you
in my next one bye
thank you