[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm going to do something that I have
never done before as the title says
making clotted cream and baking scones
while I've baked scones many times
different recipes this is a recipe that
I haven't used before but I have never
made clotted cream and I presume this is
how it's done I found this recipe online
[Music]
just trying to find the name of the
website here seems to be French French
and bright English Korea's cuisine yeah
or curious cuisine what we were just
looking there with my oven is set at 180
degrees Fahrenheit relatively low oven
temperature the I'll put a link to the
recipe below the video they're making
one cup of clotted cream from a pint of
of cream I've bought two pints of heavy
cream so I'm going to end up with
roughly two cups of clotted cream now
this goes in that 180 degree oven for 12
hours so I'm doing this overnight it's
9:00 p.m. now to get out tomorrow
morning it at 9:00 a.m. and we'll see
what it looks like at that time
hopefully not burnt all to pieces
oh it's headed 12 hours and 180 degree
oven and it formed a skin on top which
is what the instructions said it would
do the instructions didn't mention the
skin being a golden color but I did any
rate that's what it is we'll see how
this turns out in the end I guess right
now it stays just at room temperature
until it cools down to room temperature
which would probably take some time it's
at 180 degrees
so I suspect two or three hours and then
you cover it and it gets refrigerated
for at least eight hours longer is even
better a yes so I will cover it and
refrigerate it and I'll bring you back
when it comes out of the refrigerator
but it's from cooling at room
temperature now it is at room
temperature for about three hours so I'm
going to cover it and refrigerate it for
eight hours it's taken on the
consistency of a very delicate custard I
guess it will congeal more in the
refrigerator during the eight hours but
I'll bring you back eight hours from now
anyway and we see whether or not we've
got clotted cream
let's head it's eight hours in the
refrigerator and it is farmer now it
says to take off the clotted part on the
top including the skin because you can
when you mix it together and if you need
to add a little of the liquid that
should be left behind there to thin it
out any this the skin will melt and go
into the rest of the Clawdeen cream so
they say
okay
you see what they mean what good that's
left behind you sort of a tan color
[Music]
well I won't make you watch me scrape
all of this off but I'll bring you back
and show you how much I get in the final
product well that's the yield I didn't
really measure it I think that's
probably about a 2 cup container and I
got a both a cup and a half maybe but it
definitely tastes like clawed egg cream
and it's delicious I don't think I have
said anything all the way through this
process as to what Claudie cream is
other than you now know how it's made I
there's probably people out there that
have never had it or or don't understand
what it is at all it originates in the
United Kingdom I think probably in Devon
Devon sure cream teas are well known
anyway but I've had cream teas and other
parts of England as well and it's it's
just to you what it is it's heavy cream
and it's the solids out of the heavy
cream and you've seen the process that I
used anyway to make it and you spread
that on your scone and your favorite Jam
on top of it and it is absolutely
delicious I know you can get it in some
parts of Canada and probably some parts
of the US as well but where I live in
New Brunswick and the state of Maine
across the border I have never been able
to find it in a supermarket anywhere I
think in areas where there were more
English immigrants it's probably more
common like probably in Ontario and
British Columbia places like that you
could probably could get it quite easily
but it's definitely not a slimming item
now we need to make the scones so we can
try this well I think that's about all
of the ingredients assembled anyway for
the scones it's 2 cups of all-purpose
flour and 2 3 3 tablespoons of unsalted
cold butter and I've cubed that nuts in
there already 2 tablespoons of sugar
white sugar
so humid here this is good thing is
sticking four teaspoons of baking powder
I don't believe I've ever made this kind
of a biscuit before with that much
baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon of salt
in that container just compiling those
and I have an egg yolk beaten with a
tablespoon of milk that's for a glaze
before it goes in the oven and 2/3 of a
cup of milk if we added shortly now you
begin by hand just rubbing in the the
cold butter into the flour and leavening
agents and sugar and salt and all that
good stuff I don't I said it out that
the butter is unsalted so I have added
the 1/2 teaspoon of salt if I use butter
of a salt in it I just eliminate the
salt that the recipe calls for you get
still something fairly decent cloaks I
guess to what was called for but if you
use unsalted butter you know that you're
at least doing with the recipe gold for
I think that's got that pretty well
rubbed in you don't want a large chunks
but some good-sized flakes or okay
that's what helps it to rise along with
the leavening agents now add 2/3 of a
cup of milk just stir it together to
make a wet dough
[Music]
you bring you back in just a second when
they get the board prepared to turn it
on out of the bowl onto a floured
surface you want something it says about
an inch thick work to work it too much
but you don't want it to get tough and
that's what will happen if you work this
kind of a dough
develop the gluten which is good if
you're doing doing bread but not if
you're doing well if you're doing scones
I guess they say to put it on a greased
and floured tray
I don't do that much less cleaning if
you use parchment paper and this is a
two inch cutter
those are not hints that I Jeff I've
gone a little too thin with it again but
anyway we'll see what happens I guess
I'll bring you back when I have these
cotton on the tray I've just turned the
oven on 425 degrees because the
instructions in this one says that they
should rest for 15 minutes while your
oven is preheating I suspect they would
be resting better than in refrigerator
usually if you chill something like this
but now there's no room by your
refrigerator zone I'll bring you back
and show you them when they come out of
the oven but I didn't say I guess it's
when they go in the oven at 425 is for
12 to 15 minutes until they are a nice
golden brown and have hopefully risen
quite a bit anyway the oven myself yet
with that tray not too bad
they did rise quite well I'll just put
them over on a tray here to cool a bit
their best though warm right into the
oven it's one of my favourite memories
of us gone and in the United Kingdom
being on a little day trip in
Northumbria with a company called the
mountain goat bus tours and part of the
tour was to stop at a farm for afternoon
tea and as we went in the host lady just
took the hot scones out of the oven it
was wonderful I'll see you in the dining
room in just a moment they're still nice
and warm
anxious to try my homemade
clotted cream here I think if I were to
do it again I would use a lower oven
temperature with my stove I think like
180 degrees is a little hotter than it's
really supposed to be I think I might
try 170 160 or something like that I
don't think that it was I mean they were
supposed to get that skin over the top
that's part of it I just don't think it
was supposed to be so golden brown in
color most of it has disappeared but I
still see little flecks on vanilla in
the clotted cream let's give this a try
it's very good
I'm using my homemade black currant jam
too if I didn't already mention that and
it's cup of tea those will hit the spot
they're going in the freezer immediately
to be given to some of my company when
they arrive they're in the air now but
won't get here for a couple of days so
I'm still busy preparing and cooking but
I think these will go over a treat
finger-licking good
well thank you very much for watching
you've never had clotted cream at least
now you know how to make it
you had clotted cream but never made
your own everything isn't that difficult
to process I was surprised I didn't know
had I never had any idea what was
involved that it was something that was
a cultured product or if it was you know
just the cream done this way it works
out very well and in a refrigerator it
should store for at least a couple of
weeks I don't think I'll have any
trouble getting rid of it in a couple of
weeks well thank you very much for
watching