[Music]
Seafood is full of moisture and add
moisture in it's critically important to
The Taste and the texture the more you
cook it the hotter it gets on the inside
the more the moisture explodes out of
its small cells and the fish gets dry so
the higher your temperature on the
inside of the fish is the more you're
going to experience a dry piece of fish
that don't taste T very good now what
I've done here I've got a fillet of fish
and I've got one side seasoned and I'm
just going to set it right in the pan
and then I'm going to take a just a
little bit of oil and don't need much
just to brush it with I've got a hot dry
pan show you how to cook it now we're
going to take and put herbs and spices
on it which is critical to The Taste now
let me show you here how to experience
you keep turning it now let me show you
the difference between the fish that's
cooked and one that's that's not cooked
the first piece is undercooked and if
you put a Fark in it it's going to be
hard to pull it part I mean it literally
sticks together it's not cooked the
inside is not cooked now this piece of
fish is cooked and and it it just it
flakes I mean it just pulls right away
you can see how it flakes this one is
overcooked and when that happens it gets
really dry I mean there's very little
moisture in it and even though it'll
flake it also shreds I mean you can see
the little shreds so it don't flake as
even and so when you overcook the fish
it gets dry and it don't taste good and
I'll tell you a great piece of fish is
good cooking good eating and good loving
and we love you guys out there