for hundreds of years the gemstones are
being seen as powerful tools capable
through their refractive ability of
absorbing and radiating energy from the
cosmos the key word here is refractive
powers this brings us to the topic
whether gemstones are to be cut and
polished in order to increase the
spiritual path or if the rough stones
can emanate the same pass the faceting
of the stone and what it does to the
energy or the quality of the stone the
healing quality or the whatever quality
you're talking about yes and no there
are a lot of people who prescribed the
stones and never state whether it's got
to be a faceted stone or a non faceted
stone now perhaps they assume that what
is normally available faceted will be
worn faceted and what is available let's
say like a pearl or a call will beat
form will be used as it is now this
seems to be an assumption that is made
however I do know that chronic healers
prefer certain shapes certain kind of
faceting because they say that it
improves or alters as the case may be
the the order of the stone and therefore
its ability to act on the person who is
wearing it now these are two conflicting
points of view unknowingly unwittingly I
have suggested to clients earlier that
if they couldn't afford a faceted stone
perhaps they should go in for a a bead
instead of wearing a ruby a faceted 1
carat Ruby maybe they could wear a 1
carat Ruby bead just string it in a wire
and make a little pennant and wear it on
the chain after all they want to wear a
ruby they've been told to wear a ruby
they can just wear a ruby so they're
there again two sides to this you can
wear a bead or you can wear a faceted
stone but pranic healers are very clear
on this issue that if you facet the
stone a particular way it it will work
better than a nun faceted stone
see one point is as far as the polishing
is concerned it is purely something
associated to the jeweled jeweler or
other cost of the gem as far as the
planetary vibrations are concerned it is
the same even if it is not well polished
etc but polishing actually allows more
light to pass through that way it helps
but apart from that there is no other
quality that we are looking into for
example a gem has its own property the
cutting of a gemstone primarily started
with bringing out the total internal
reflection to bring out the light so a
stone will attract light and then if it
refracts it properly then there will be
lot of brilliance of the stone so
enhance the brilliance of the stone the
cutting started then came in another
school of thought that since these
stones relate to certain chakras the
chakras have number of petals for
example the mooladhara chakra is made up
of four petals
the swadisthana chakra has six petals
the money Buddha chakra has eight petals
so like that there are different
different different petals for the
chakras now when they want the stone to
relate to that particular chakra then
they cut it with that many sites so 12
is the anahata chakra now they may add
one facet of the stone with 12 one facet
of the stone with four one facet of it
to six one and it becomes multi
operation as I told you it's a question
of that one chakra by the balance of
many chakras so there are many concepts
is there is no one concept on how to cut
the stone but the basic idea of cutting
a stone is not related to the basic idea
of cutting a stone is to bring out the
brilliance of the storm he's very chill
our country is not not necessary it is
not necessary at all coming to the cut
of the gemstone the cut of the gemstone
is definitely very important to most
often most astrologers do not accept
people wearing a triangular shaped
gemstone but they all prefer a faceted
gemstone because they believe it
enhances the power of the gem in some
cases yes in some cases not a rainbow
obsidian in opaque stone it makes very
little difference because the light does
not go through the energy isn't is the
same in transparent stone it makes it
makes a difference now clearly this is
much more powerful than these because
the light goes more true than these in
the case of garnet for example a garnet
which is cut is much more powerful as a
transparent stone that has a piece of
rough because stone works also as
chromotherapy there is also the energy
of the red or the energizing thing which
comes right into the money pour in the
solar plexus so is much more powerful in
his cat form and polishin is wrathful
form reflection for a agate correct bit
of my co-star Ruby no that does not make
any difference