this has got the fixing guide today
we're dealing with a Samsung washing
machine that isn't draining and we're
gonna be replacing the drain pump here
is the actual drain pump assembly with
the part number and this is on a stacked
washing machine so we've got to remove
the dryer first I've pulled in the
recycling bin from outside and I've
disconnected everything on the back of
the dryer took off the gas line turned
off the gas first then took off the gas
line took off the dryer ducting and
plugged it I'm pulling it now on to the
recycling bin so I opened the door and I
grabbed with two hands and just slide it
onto the recycling bin and then I can
just pull the whole dryer out away from
the washing machine and just takes one
guy to do it the recycling bins tend to
be about the same height as the washing
machine so it's pretty easy to just
slide them right on to the recycling bin
and it has wheels so it's easy to slide
the dryer out of the way so we got to
get the dryer out of there so we can get
to the back of the washing machine and
that's how we're gonna get to the drain
pump on the Samsung washing machine so
this one just wasn't pumping out the
water it turned out that the customer
had gotten a lot of sand in the washing
machine they were washing some towels it
really sandy and I think the sand may
have ruined the old pump so we're gonna
put in a new pump so I've opened the
door of the washing machine I'm grabbing
frame so I can pull this machine away
from the wall usually you want to just
get the machine totally out of this
closet setting but this one was stuck so
I was able to get it only maybe about a
foot and a half away from the wall but
that gave me enough access room where I
could do the replacement of the pump
assembly
sometimes you might find that the pump
still works but there might be something
caught like a bobby pin or something is
blocking the impeller from moving so
when you take out the pump assembly
sometimes you can just remove the
obstruction but it's probably good if
you're gonna go through all these steps
that you have a new pump assembly on
hand in case the motor has worn out on
the LG and the Samsung it's pretty
common that the drain motor will fail at
about the five to six year mark they
don't last very long the other parts of
the machine are pretty good the direct
drive system is really pretty smart but
the drive pumps just don't last very
well so I'm just getting the machine
again a little further away from the
wall and I never remove the back cover
there's just two Phillips head screws
that you pull out and you can pull the
cover off and then you have access to
right where the drains located so I've
gotten behind the machine I've got my
socket I'm gonna remove three bolts that
are holding the pump assembly in
position and before I did that I clamped
off the black hose going to the pump
from the tub to the pump so that I could
remove that black hose and also the gray
exit hose from the pump so there's two
hoses connected to it in one electrical
connector the electrical connector you
just pinch it and then you can pull it
right off of the pump and black hose is
carrying all the water from the tub and
oftentimes it's full of water so it's
good to put a clamp on it first unless
you can get rid of all the water so
we've got the bolts off and the
connections I'm pulling out the old pump
just gonna pinch in on that electrical
connector so I can get it off so just
squeeze and then pull it straight out
there it is lift the pump out does the
pump assembly it costs about 45 to 50
bucks and it comes with the pump motor
and the pump housing and a bracket there
we go and this one again when I open it
up it's just full of sand
here's the new one with the bolts
already in position the three bolts so
I'm gonna get that in and I'll go ahead
and tighten up the bolts first and then
I'll get the hoses connected and then
put on the the wire connector usually
again it's far better to have this out
away from the wall where you have more
working room but this one was really
stuck so I'm just gonna make do sorry
for the camera angle it's not ideal so
I'm gonna go ahead and start these bolts
by hand and I'll tighten them down with
ratchet
[Music]
and the gray drain hose exit pose is
pretty easy to pop on the black hose
that goes on from the tub is a little
bit harder you really need to use two
hands to help guide that one on so I'm
putting the hose clamp back on I'm gonna
grab my pliers and pinch that and then
push that back on and this gray hose
again is the exit hose before I put this
on I did blow through it to make sure
there is no obstruction in that hose it
is possible sometimes they have like a
sock pulled into the black hose that
goes from the tub here's a little clamp
have you got everything hooked up so I'm
just gonna remove that clamp but
sometimes you can get like a sock caught
in the black hose that goes from the tub
to the pump and everything's hooked up
so I'm gonna go ahead and plug it back
in
now we're gonna turn it on set it for a
spin
and then it should drain out all the
water
so it sounds good
and dua pure in there I consider water
leaving the machine pretty fast so there
we go that was it and I'm just opening
up the old pump for fun to see what was
in there and I can see there's a bunch
of sand so I think that's probably what
happened as the sand worked itself into
the motor and just was either jamming it
or making it unable to spin and put the
metal cover back on slides into these
two slots first and then there's two
Phillips head screws that hold the dog
and tighten those up and then I'll go
ahead and push the washing machine back
in closer to the wall and with the help
of that recycling bin I can just slide
the dryer back into position and then I
can just push it back onto the washing
machine so really easy to do with just
one person as long as you have something
like this garbage can or recycling bin
that can hold the weight of the dryer
and something with wheels so you can
wield it away so I got it in position
and I'm just gonna push it until it's on
top and then I'll hook up the brackets
on the back and I'll hook up the gas
line again and I'll hook up the vent
tube and plug it back in and then we got
it all done so here's the gas tube just
gonna spin that on by hand and then you
want to give give it a couple of once
you get it by hand tight about half a
turn to a full turn with your crescent
wrench to get it really tight you don't
want to cast leak you don't have to use
pipe tape because this is a type of
coupling that'll just lock in when you
tighten it here's the vent tube push
that back on tighten that back up
you got to make sure you turn the gas
valve back on so thanks so much for
watching and please subscribe