hey guys oh love you from LSE in Central
Florida this is a video about roof
cleaning soft wash and why you want to
do so force versus high pressure this is
a very nice demonstration of us cleaning
the roof actually me being on the ladder
my co-workers down on the ground
saturating the ground with water to
delude the SH so it doesn't harm the
grass around the property and around the
facility it's the building itself so as
you can see here in these photos this is
the roof condition after five years not
treating the roof it's pretty hefty
infested with black algae and so we're
jumping here over to the roof itself as
you can see the left side that's what we
done the first day we had to cut that
short because it was raining too heavy
and this is what I've done already
cleaning with sodium hydrochloride our
solution and we're using low pressure so
we're using a 12-volt diaphragm pump and
there I just almost dropped my phone
down I caught it and reposition the
camera in a second and so you can see
I'm hitting it just with pretty much
live very low pressure sixty psi with
the diaphragm which runs off a 12 volt
battery and as you can see the sodium
hydrochloride SH we said in our business
terms solution reacts right away and
turns white that means it's reacting
with the algae on the roof tile and it's
pretty much eating up the algae killing
it
so you guys can see actually that the sh
a solution reacts immediately as long as
you apply it thick enough so make sure
that you have slowdown ingredients in a
not just pure SH because it will just
run down off your roof tile especially
if you have an asphalt roof even more
same as with the metal roofing this is a
clay tile roof and the homeowner itself
did it five years ago and it took him as
I mentioned at four days so he actually
called his wife called us and we gave
him a quote right away and we got fairly
quick to it so we've done that over the
Labor Day weekend here and so with the
gun applying around two and a half
gallons of minutes of how change to pump
out soon to actually support up to seven
gallons a minute to speed up the process
for us but right now we're just doing it
with a gun with a zero Degree tip with a
nozzle opening for two and a half
gallons per minute just so that we get
some distance with it with the combo
you're using in this setup but as you
can see looking at it it reacts fairly
quickly it takes up to four minutes
actually for the SH to unfold its full
capacity into eating up and eating into
the tile destroying all the algae what
are you gonna see also often when you do
not do that frequently enough is that
when you start washing it off that
coloration and material will be just
running down with it and that's because
the algae actually starts destroying
your tiles to the point that it actually
deteriorates
so I highly recommend to my customers
every two years to actually have a roof
cleaning done and as you can see how
quickly it's racks this is all real time
we just apply and very quickly it reacts
white that means it's rack ting with the
algae and eats up the algae which is on
the surface and deep into the pores as
well again it takes up to four minutes
so this is a different camera shot
already on the roof you see on the right
side I've done it on the left side you
see that I have not
this is sped up now four times otherwise
I wouldn't get all that into this video
and you have to work with the wind so
sometimes the wind is pushing your water
stream out of your area and you cannot
shoot as far as I can do it right now
because I'm the wind gas is just pushing
it shorter and pushing it to the side so
be careful when you do that it's hi
talks especially if you breathe it or
you get it onto your clothes it produces
a lot of heat and at the end it's
actually eating up into your your skin
and that's do damage to it also when you
work with that make sure you have very
good ventilation around and make sure
that the wind is not pushing towards you
so when you spray make sure that you
actually have the wind coming from the
behind you or from the sides also highly
I recommend you have a respirator on and
I'm talking really a two-stage
respirator or something good now not
just the little dust mask I'm talking a
real respirator with a cartridge in it
where it actually filters out the
chemical and so as you can see I'm
spraying the camera gun at my finger a
couple times on that camera in this
angle shot I'm actually on the
second-story roof now on north facing
side which was the worst sight of that
house
the front side of the house and pretty
much the left side of the house both are
facing northbound that's where most of
the black algae grow and you see in
between how correctly it actually eats
it off so this was me just moving over
the ladder to the side and you see how
quickly it actually eats up the black
algae and so ideally you want to do an
SH treatment higher concentration I'm
using here pure SH not diluted with
around 12 to 14% so this is really
dangerous stuff so down don't don't just
saying oh this is just a regular bleach
which is sodium hydrochloride but this
is commercial high commercial grade we
pretty much buy it the same day at our
supplier and use it the same day if not
the same day than the day after because
it starts to deteriorate quickly so you
can't starch sodium hydrochloride too
long if you store it store it in a
climate-controlled environment and away
from the Sun the Sun the UV light
destroys the SH very very quickly and so
if you have it sitting out for let's say
two three weeks it's pretty much useless
it's so washed and watered down and
broken down and it's less than 2% so
make sure that when you buy and you use
it actually for your roof that you buy a
fresh batch each time when you do a roof
so when you have tile roofs also they
have different pitch angles so you have
to actually hit it from both angles
especially when you're on the ladder so
make sure that you get it from both
angles because each tile has that not
only the groove but also that pitch
which you cannot hit when you stand
especially when you're on the second
story you can't hit it from any angle or
every angle so quite often you have to
move the ladder back and forth what I do
I do it from one side and one side all
the way and then I move the ladder on
the opposite side to hit from the
opposite direction that seems for us and
for me so far the best way and the
quickest way to clean up a roof and so
the rest of this video is pretty much
sped up four times as I mentioned before
so watch and enjoy the rest of the video
I will get back to you guys by the end
of the video
now you can see it actually that I've
moved the letter again you see how
they're still dark spots visible and
that's because I couldn't get that from
the other angle when I had the letter
twenty feet to the right I couldn't get
there so the sodium eiders Lord didn't
ran to the left side off that Ridge each
time and so you have to move the letter
in order to get it and that's pretty
much the only method he can safely wash
a roof without using high pressure which
I highly do not recommend to use because
you pretty much destroy the tiles there
you can see actually the pool cage which
would clean the day before as well and
so now I'm trying to reach as good as
possible to the backside of the roof we
had a little bit of a wind gust every
now then coming in so it was hard to
reach but I covered pretty much
everything which was black mold on the
right side of the back roof side and got
that all good saturated and we washed it
down so make sure that when you apply
this give it around five minutes time
and then you can start to rinse it off
what I use is a garden hose and put a
spray nozzle on it what you also can do
is you can reuse your gun especially if
it's only a single-story just reduce
your gun and just rent out your gun
system by just running clean water
through it rain will also wash it down
but it will take time to wash it down so
I always recommend to wash down the
chemicals before you leave the jobsite
there's too much of a risk going on
especially with a high concentrated SH
like we use and we also have a soap
mixed into it we're using dawn soap to
slow down the runoff we can also using a
slow mo and other chemicals for it
so far it turned out that the best way
is actually for us to use just dawn soap
because it just foams up better so this
is society the opposite side of the
weather side and yes you can see it's
not as bad that's what it should look
like after two three years before it
actually turns all the way black when
you have a roof which is only a little
bit like this you can actually dilute
your Sh down fifty-fifty and can get it
all cleaned a lot faster you don't have
to really saturate it as much so and
this is pretty much the after picture if
you pause your video pause this video
and actually go back to the beginning of
it you see the before and here you can
actually see the after all in all it
took us a day to clean this roof it has
multiple sides multiple niches and
offsets
it's very nice roof but it's sometimes
also a little tricky to reach especially
the area if you zoom into this video a
little bit or you do it in full screen
you're gonna see there's a little tiny
bit over that upper floor left window
that's where I had the ladder even
leaned against and there is some
discoloration already in the tile so far
in that we cannot bleach it out so to
speak that's permanent damage in the
roof tile the ass discoloration there
are a couple discoloration spots in
which are not cleanable anymore because
the homeowner waited too long that's why
I always recommend homeowners to check
your roof take a look at it every two
years to make sure bestest every year
actually as an interval just to check
but every two years I recommend
especially with natural material tiles
or also asphalt roofs which do not have
algae growth Prevention's built in some
do which is a special sealer which we
also offer to apply if if a customer
choose to do so so thanks again for
watching this video and please rate and
subscribe and leave your comments below
about your experience or if you want to
get us hired to do the business for you
to take care of your roof we're covering
all Florida so no matter if you're a
Jacksonville and Panhandle or down in
the keys we take care of you
just give us a call for zero seven six
eight zero zero eight eighty two or
check us out in the web
www.cerritosford.com
we also do metal fabrication so come and
check us out at limited info thanks for
watching and have a good day