hi everyone today we're going to make
this place this purse
this purse is decide by Peggy you you
can find her fan page down below be sure
to follow her around her fan page for
more design pull this partier I make -
this one is also an umbrella for the
bottom and this one's from with Navarro
see you can attach any chain that you
like today I'm going to use my little
pony for the bottom here so I'm gonna
use like purple and dark purple for this
purse first book let's start off on the
bottom of the purse for the bottom here
we're going to make a single chain for
12 times on this side to this side first
a 1 single pin twist it again to tool
you can just make single chain for 12
times so this is 2 3 4
by and continue to do this until you had
12 and I'll see you when you're done so
now we have 12 single chin so this is
the bottom part of the purse right here
so now we're going to continue on go
into the first layer so we're going to
move up here so we're going to go ahead
and do 13 and 14 so this is 18 and 14
the same way just continue on a single
chin but this last two we're going to
look at it like this
so this pin actually will be the first
pin on the border for the first layer if
you need marker we can make a marker
here so when we come back here we know
this is the first pin so put your hook
back to here now we're going to come
only the purple pants one two three four
the fourth pin on the top here so put
your hook through two
proposed pain
through this would be second pin on a
border so now we're going to move on to
the next chin put your hook through
again
and just continue on all the way to the
last one here
you
okay now this is our last one the first
pin we started it
okay until we finish this wall right
here so at the end we're going to add
three stitch and the end and three
station on this end and then one on the
top and one on the bottom so total on
the last pin here you should have five
stitch in here one two three four five
and the same on this side two one two
one on the top one two one on the bottom
so now we have first one on the top here
so we're going to add three stitch and
this last bit here so this is one
to
three
okay until Eddie's three we're going to
make one for the bottom part on the same
stitch so take one more
so total on this last thing we have five
stitch in here one two three four five
so now I'm going to move on to this one
and then one two one on the bottom go
all the way to the last one go on to the
next stitch
and just 1 2 1 go all the way to this
end okay now we go all the way on this
end we're going to add three more stitch
this last part so on this last stitch
here we have one on the top one on the
pattern so we need three and the end
part here so we're gonna eat one
here
and three
okay so on this last one you should have
five stitch in here one two three four
and five
it's the first one so now I'm going to
connect this first bin on a portal to
the last one so now we have complete the
first layer so total if you count a
border you should get 30 stitch so let's
see what we got here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 so we got 30
total so now we're going to continue on
to the next step we can add one more pin
this will be first plane on the border
for this layer so we're going to make a
marker right here and now it'll finish
this first piece after this will be
super easy just 1 2 1 go all the way
around so you will continue have 30
stitch and it's there and so you will
grow longer in here for this one from
here to here total I have 8 there so now
you can add seven more there because
this is first there is one two one eight
seven more days you will looks like this
you can make it longer or shorter it's
up to you but today I'm going to make
this size so you start on the second
stitch on the border here because we do
one two one
and walk the next one
and just continue to do this all the way
around come back here connect them
together
now you can tap water you should have 30
stitch and eight seven wonders
including this there and I will see you
when you're done okay now we have finish
the best part now we're going to add the
covers on the top here and for the
bottle we finish the cover first then we
just add the border until we finish the
cover so now for the cover we're going
to use fourteenth stitch on which there
and total we have four layers one to one
so instead of going all the way around
we're just going to do on this side so
we're going to make fourteen stitch to
this side and then come back here and
totally 840 so you will have a
additional part comes out like this so
now let's start from first layer so take
one more so this will be full spin the
Buddha and this there so make a marker
here and the same one to one for
fourteen stitch so we start upon here
it's like the same one that you do for
the party is that we're going to stay on
this side so one two one one the next
stitch and just go all the way to this
side and tell you how to 14 stitch and
I'll see you when you're done
okay now we have 14 stitch let's conduct
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
fourteen stitch and then the last one is
going to be next there
so this would be the 15 pins on this
side here so now we're going to turn
around and then go on this way one two
one
so this will be the portal for this
there on this side so one two one go
this way so this is first one start from
a second
do the same thing go all the way to this
side and I will see you when you're done
okay
now we just finish the second day on the
cover so if you come in here 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
so this is 14 pin so we need 14 now it's
there so for the last one I'm going to
do one more time
okay so this is 15 been on this board it
so we're going to turn it along again
take one more pin this would be the
total put this layer now can remove a
smoker and play right here okay and it's
something going this way one-to-one so
we start upon the say camping on the
border
and going this way all the way to the
last one and I will see you when you're
done okay
now let's come see how many we got one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen so
this is 14 pants or the last one to do
one more time
so this 15 pin will be the next day so
we have one two three so one more day
come back here then we're done
so this would be the first on the border
since this is the last day so we don't
need marker anymore so we're just going
to go ahead and start at 1 and then 1 2
1 start on stickam pin
and I want to I go all the way to the
last one here
and I'll see when you're done okay now
we make it all the way back here so this
is the last one so we're just going to
tie a knot here
we're done here make sure you put a tie
we can remove this marker now and now we
can hide this part underneath here you
can hide it anywhere you want
as long as you're walking in there be
fun
now we're going to make the border in
different colors for this one I use
single pen for the border this one I use
double pin for the border so that's the
difference it's up to you you can use
single pin or tab open they all look
pretty cute now if you want to add your
braces on this side you start from this
side if you want to add your braces on
this side and you started from this side
and go all the way and come back here
they'll be similar to do it but it's up
to you you can on your personal
preference to see you wanna this braces
on your eye on your lip so today I'm
going to keep it on your right so I'm
going to start it from here I'm going to
use the lighter purple and use a single
pin put a border I'm going to use
different kinds of technique so you do
like this kind of like tie your knot and
then move on to the next stitch take
another pin take this outside then going
through so now you should only have one
day and move on to the next stitch
it says keep doing this
so now you can see the borders at
different colors on the corner years are
the same just take the border pen
now on the top here there's one two one
go over here and come down here and go
all the way back here one two one
so now you can pass your videos it's
continued to finish this all right back
here and I'll see you when you're done
here until you finish all the way around
connect first one to last one together
if you don't want to press this part you
can just take a single pin connect them
together and just tie a knot and
highlight then we're done for the first
part but today I'm going to show you how
to do the press this part so I'm going
to undone this part
so compared to here the same nice one to
first one connect them together now I'm
going to make the places today I'm going
to show you the single chain braces you
can use any kind of bracelet fishtail
any kinds of braces to connect here so
I'm going to take two darker purple can
identikit it and just alternate it
cutter
you may get a Linda will fit your wrist
so nice its continued to do this and
make it however long you want it and I
will see when you're done okay till you
finish the lien that you want it you can
just measure it like this so that is it
did me to spawn so I'm going to just
connect this part here one single pin
connect them together tie a knot here
you can connect this part to this first
pin on the chin it's up to you so now
I'm just going to hide this part inside
here so you can see it on outside
okay now it is finished our quizzes
purse
well then I'll attach this button to
here so put a bottom and a pick up the
bottom it has a hole you can get this
bottom at your local art store I'm going
to use the purple dark purple just put
one pin through the hole now find a pawn
that you want to attach to it just put
your hook tool like this and take one in
pull it too
and then tighten that here
and just run it through its bottom so
that way you hold it for us and then
different way to do this part if you
have better way to do it that's okay
know how to do this in one I mean now
we're just going to find the point and
the top here and take this bottom
through it so now we have our little
pony attached to it and on this party
can punish em just attach to here and
you looks like this and if then it's fun
or you can even use them pin to make
your own charm to attach to it and you
looks like this into simple retired not
here like this so now when you go out
you can wear this on your wrist so you
won't last year little purse put more
video like this please remember to give
me a big thumb up and subscribe if you
haven't already I hope you guys have
super fantastic day I'll see you soon