alright guys so the other band is from
the video about how to or what's done
somewhat I use and I told you I use
paper and it told you to strengthen it I
like to laminate it with packaging
I mean they last up to about six six to
ten sprays I'd say depending on how to
light you go on it and how much to carry
take care of it and that's for just raw
paper or something like this last a lot
longer especially if I keep them in good
shape and what I found out what this
video is about is how to laminate them
very effectively and keep it free flat
and make the whole process less of a
headache so here we go alright so first
thing what I'm gonna do is I'm just
going to take down the edges expensive
never late perfectly perfectly flat but
just to get as far as you possibly can
this is pretty different here when
you're laying this just pause what to do
I'm not seeing
neither four inches width of tape line
it up correctly strip so unless you ship
goes on the straight see because if you
start straight than the whole lines of
your answer try getting it straight as
possible using both light up your role
with the edge of your paper and then the
edge of your tape strip with the edge of
your paper and then go ahead and please
down and as you go along you want to be
flattening it and never have too much
pulled out just pull out small sections
like oh no I said I stated for into that
time and then just Pat them down or step
over them with your finger if you want
to overlap them about a quarter of an
inch or the test when I go forward it's
hard because it's clear and when there's
a shadow on one side of try to tell what
that is going on anymore so steer best
it's pretty much at this point you want
a flat little stencil out I mean get
your wall with tape that's using and
just go over like this you have any like
serious air bubbles you can also just
pop them with your knife it has a little
bit of curve to it so I thing that I
like to do like to get these curves off
the edge of off the edge of my table a
little bit
now it's fairly flat ice laminated
pretty much perfect
so they do it