okay so I'm just going to talk to you
about cold therapy today so you need to
have your patient comfortable we're
going to apply ice to this right knee
joint here today if you can get a
plastic sheeting to put underneath where
you're going to apply the ice it can
just limit the mess that potentially the
ice can make as it melts and then we've
got a towel ready under the knee here to
wrap the eyes to keep it in place before
you put the ice on the patient you need
to check that you have the patient's
consent to do the Ice treatment and you
also need to check that you have no
contraindications so we have no
contraindications here and then
routinely you must ensure that the
patient has good skin sensation and to
be able to do the cold therapy so I've
got hot in one test tube and cold in the
other so I'm just going to say to my
patient here can you tell me if this is
hot or cold and they would close their
eyes so hot
hot
cold
hot
cold hot okay so skin sensation is fine
now and you need to make sure that the
area that you're going to apply the eyes
to is free of jewelry
um and ready for the ice application
tell the patient that it's going to be
cold to start with and a little bit
uncomfortable and we're going to get
some redness of the skin but there
shouldn't be any untoward pain in there
if there is to let me know you're going
to ask your patient for 15 to 20 minutes
depending on the area that you're
treating and the depth of the lesion
that you want the ice and cold therapy
to be working on so now we're all ready
I've got my equipment ready here so I've
got my ice chipped in a plastic bag I'm
going to wrap them in a damp tea towel
and I'm going to apply them to my
patient's knee and I'm going to do it
around anterior aspect wrapping the
towel underneath to keep the ice in
place and then the other one over the
top
so my patient's sitting there while the
ice is on you might get them doing some
static quads exercises or perhaps
um some inner range quads whatever you
think is appropriate as I've said the
ice is going to be applied for about 15
or 20 minutes depending on the size of
the area and the depth of the lesion but
after five minutes you're just going to
remove your towel length so we'll
imagine it's five minutes now just to
remove the toweling and just check that
the skin is not adversely red and with a
and painful with wheels and they're not
having any bad reaction to the ice
treatment and continue checking every
five minutes through the course of your
15 or 20 minutes treatment