hey guys this is e with scrapbooking
with me and as promised we are going to
work a little bit with some vinyl this
week now I have already brought in my
letter that I want to put I'm gonna put
this on an apron we're gonna make some
aprons for our classes that will be
going on in April if you're interested
in those classes just go to the link
below and click on that and we would
love to have you they'll be in Pigeon
Forge Tennessee April the 21st 22nd and
23rd and mayay will be there uh teaching
with us as well we're both going to be
teaching four classes those three days
so go down there and check those out
we'd love to have you okay I have
already put in my initial that I want on
my apron I'm going to put that on my
apron pocket and all I did was just put
an e and then I come over here and just
chose my font you know you've got all
these fonts in here you can make it any
font that you want I made mine Elizabeth
that's the font name and then I made it
about five a little over five in tall
because my pocket is about 6 in so I
want it almost the size of my pocket
now I'm going to be cutting this out of
some silver glitter paper because I'm
going to be putting it on a blue apron a
dark blue apron so all we need to do now
I have it the right size now the way I
measured this was I just made sure that
I put this at the top of one of these
lines and then just kind of counted down
one two three four five a little over
five Ines and then I made sure that I
you know how it was just so that I could
cut me a piece of vinyl and I wouldn't
waste a lot I don't like to cut a big
chunk of vinyl and then waste a lot of
it so I just cut a piece of vinyl just
this size so I shouldn't have a lot of
waste okay let's go ahead and click go
now it'll bring your image in just like
you put it down there but when you're
doing heat transfer now this is not
regular vinyl but heat transfer vinyl so
so this is like an iron on so when
you're doing an iron on you always want
to cut you always want to do the mirror
image so that you can cut it it'll cut
backwards it looks like but the way that
we'll put our vinyl in and I'll show you
that in a minute you'll know exactly why
so we're going to we did Mirror Image
clicked on that and then I'm going to go
ahead and click
go and choose my
device and then I'm going to go to the
cricket and I'm going to put this down
and show you you know what to set your
Cricut on and that kind of thing as you
notice here it's set on iron on so let's
go to the Cricut okay so we are at the
Cricut and you can see our light is
already flashing right here for us now I
have a mat that's just designated to my
vinyl I don't cut paper on it that way I
know that I don't have all those little
paper giblets on there that might mess
up my vinyl or mess up my cutting now
when you get your vinyl as you'll notice
this is my piece of vinyl um it will
have one side that's really shiny and
one side that's dull you want to make
sure that you put that shiny side down
because this actually is and let's see
if I can get a little piece of this up
here I have destroyed my hands and nails
today with all the stuff I've been into
you see that little piece
of hear that plastic right there that's
that really hard plastic that's going to
keep your image together so that you can
put it on your um garment or whatever
and so that you can iron it on so make
sure that you cut on this side all right
so I am going to put my piece of
vinyl I'm going to put it right here in
this
corner and of course I'm putting mine
the long way because that's how my e is
going to cut
and then just make sure that you press
it down well and that you don't have any
bumps or lumps in there go ahead and
load it in your Cricut Press Your
Arrow make sure that your dial this is
glitter so on your dial you want to set
it on right one little Notch past the
iron on if you leave it on iron on it
won't cut as good on the glitter now if
you have a thin vinyl like this that
it's very very thin ironon then you'll
need to just set it on the regular but
for the glitter ironon vinyl you need to
set it just one notch below the iron on
okay let's cut
[Applause]
and I know someone's going to ask that's
my stylus and I just leave it in there
because I do a lot of cards and things
with this so I just leave it in there
until I get ready to close it up so this
is doing nothing my stylist it doesn't
do anything on
this okay now let's go to the table and
we'll weed this out okay sorry about
that glare right there let's see if I
can get that back just a little all
right here's our piece and hopefully
we're cut out
okay so we're going to weed this and I
just start pulling up The Edge and I
just kind of roll it I don't pull hard
because if you do and you accidentally
pull on a part that you don't want
weeded you might tear it so I just kind
of go slow this part is going to stay
stuck down pretty good as long as your
mat is
clean that's why I don't put paper on
this mat because it
just paper as you know leaves a residue
behind
so it messes it up when you do that so
it weeds very well there's our weeded
part so far and then I go in with my
everything tool of course and I go right
in the center of those pieces
there some of them are a little bit hard
to see so you just kind of have to feel
for
them and I've cut this one out a couple
of times so I kind of know where they
are
but probably if you have better eyes
than me you can see them all right so
there is our e and now what you want to
do is peel this off of
that mat so there we go there's our e
right there and now we're ready to go to
our heat press and put this on our apron
so meet me there and we'll put it on
okay so we're at our heat press and
believe me this thing is hot as blue
blazes you need to get it up to
400Â° that's what it's sit on
now and I'm going to put my apron in
here be careful and not touch the parts
that I don't need to I want my e on this
side but what I want to do first is I'm
since this is a new garment I want to
put just a little bit of heat on
it and get out any moisture sizing
anything like that that might be in
there so just about 5 seconds is all it
takes and that gets that out okay then
let's get our
e and we're just going to kind of Center
it up on this
pocket and my husband tells me I'm too
much of a perfectionist I should just
put it down but drives me crazy if I
think it's crooked okay and when you put
it down there just kind of press and
that sticky side of that will stick down
there then you want to
put your little piece on that comes with
your heat press if you don't have a heat
press you can do this with an iron so
don't think that you have to buy this
tool now we're going to bring it down
and we're going to let it go
for about 8 10 seconds there's our
little timer counting off right
there and then we're going to raise it
up and I'm going to
check and see if this is going to come
up without pulling
my and it is very very hot so if you
have one of these make sure that you're
very
careful okay we're going
to I'm G to pull this out a little bit
and try to pull this off without pulling
my
finyl up you could let it go a little
bit longer in there but I don't like to
leave this plastic on there too long
because sometimes if you do it will make
a mark So then we're going to put it
back up there make sure that everything
is down
well and put this back on there and then
we're going to go for 45
seconds and I don't lock my handle down
because I have a really hard time
pulling it back up because of my back so
I just kind of hold the pressure on
it but like I said here again you could
do this with an iron you do not have to
have a heat
press I got this one because we do a lot
we're going to do a lot of shirts for
ball teams and things like that this
year so this is just one of those things
that we needed but you don't have to
have one of these you can do just as
well with an iron
[Music]
okay so it cut off at 40 so it's saying
that that's
good
and there is our
e on our pocket I think it is absolutely
adorable love
it and this is not hard to do at all now
if you want to do regular vinyl not heat
press vinyl then all all the difference
would be is you don't want to flip it
when you you don't want to flip your
image when you start to cut it and
someone also asked me could you layer
images or could you layer vinyl yes you
can regular vinyl and you can layer this
it's just a little bit harder I would go
watch some YouTube videos on it cuz I'm
not a professional on layering vinyl so
I I would definitely watch somebody
that's done it for a long long time if I
can find a link I will leave it in the
video comments below all right guys that
is it for our tutorial for um cutting
vinyl and doing heat press for this week
we will talk to you guys later please
don't forget to give us a thumbs up and
hit that subscribe button bye-bye