[Music]
hello youtube welcome to really smoking
channel today's project capicola I have
to Boston buds or pork shoulders
whatever you will call it with a
boneless we will cut out cover muscles
we will put them in the salt will keep
couple days after that we will put with
the spices and then we will keep couple
months okay let's get started
so I wash them it was two pieces let's
get it cut
[Music]
as you see I'm time to get a form closed
muscle it's a neck muscle for the pig
and then we will be spicing it up
possibly smoking and that will be the
capicola let's trim it more
let's try not to leave any hanging parts
as they will be not too good well it
will be drying it will allow air access
to the inside of the meats
okay one part is done let's start with
another one
[Music]
[Music]
what will be the next step I will need
to weigh them and I will be using 4
percent salt depending on the weight of
the capitalist currently please don't
forget we need to lose about 35 to 40
percent on a weight when I will prepare
all of it I will tell a little bit more
about the process but the idea is this
we put salt salt pushes the water out at
the same time you couldn't reduce some
hot spices if you want to usual recipe
is the patter but you can use pepper
flakes if you like a little bit hot you
can use cayenne you can use Chipotle but
usually I put the death on a second part
when it physically hangs for the drying
process so for now let's wait it let's
add salt and really the first step will
be done you can put them separately in
the ziplock bags usually put together in
a plastic container and I put in a
fridge see you soon
and I'm back so a strange part it is I
will be using engrams because to find 4%
of amount in grams and kilograms is way
easier you just need to use simple
formula then in ounces and pounds so
let's see what we have here and 2
kilograms 388 grams automatically I will
multiply that on calculator still on
calculator though you can go 23 grams 24
grams times 4 80 92 here it is
92 grams of salt that will be 4 percent
of the volume of the meat let's add it
and let's go from there here assault
let's reset
[Music]
here it is now everything what I need to
do is just to mix it well to get evenly
on the surface of the mitt
now again this is 4% it I'm not doing
the cover in salt situation and watching
the quantity of the salt how much I'm
eating it so I will hold probably in
that salt for 3-4 days it really doesn't
matter it cannot be get more saltier
than 4% but water which will form inside
still will take some amount of salt with
it so in the end of result probably it
will be about three and a half percent
of the current weight of the meat but
forget meat will be shrinking just
because it will be drying up so let's
close it let's put in a fridge and let's
see you later here we are again back to
the project so for this past meat was in
the fridge I tried to flip it every
morning evening but there was a small
problem there should have been extension
of me adding pink salt insta-cure aprox
alt whatever you call it and I added
some red crushed pepper for the spices
you know technical difficulties idea
would insecure I do add it to any kind
of dried meats anything what you not
thoroughly cooking should have that it's
it's a good thing please read about it
again it's insecure rock salt
whatever you call it so how it looks
like let's let's take one piece and
let's see
you see it became a little bit firmer it
squeezed some water out so what the next
step I will be putting meats under a
pressure under wait a little bit why to
squeeze more water out of it
it could take 12 to 24 hours it's up to
you
don't do that longer again meat will be
in the fridge so there is no danger but
after that meat actually it's cured so
you can hang it and you can dry it we
will go through that how to put it under
weight I have couple things here just
just regular you can use cutting board
there is no problem as you see I'm not
washing it I'm not doing anything else
I'm just putting the meat on it already
have some shape depends on on you what
you want to do we can put it like that
yeah if it's better on this one yeah so
we have meat what the next step is I'm
taking exactly the same tray or the same
cooking tray and here it is
that's my press sorry hands dirty now
what the next step would be I usually
use as simply as think possible that's
it
if it's not hot enough you can leave it
even in a room temperature nothing will
happen but I will put it in a fridge and
I'll see you probably in 12 hours I
don't think I need anything else
the water will accumulate on the bottom
of the first tray so watch out if you
putting on earth in a fridge that it
would not leak that's it for now see you
soon and here we are it was in spices
for four days salt red pepper after that
I put it under weights for another 24
hours to squeeze the liquids out of
course it is washed pat the drive this
time is bad right because I want as much
as possible
drier surface it is still a little bit
wet to pick up spices so what's the next
procedure we will be rolling all of that
into the spice mix covering with cloth
and putting into net and then we'll be
hanging for another two months the two
have easy usually putting in the net is
two-person procedure but if you don't
have another personal you can get some
kind of a - it's a four inch PVC
connector you can stretch the net on top
of it and as you see need physically
will fit and lastly loosely we'll go
into it so let's get started
[Music]
now spices what we want again I'm using
my convenient tres de pie I just love
them not because of the walks because of
the convenience you can cover the layer
of spices as you see if you cover in one
place a little bit more in one place or
a little bit less you can see that very
easily especially if color is different
that was better let's add some kick
partner
again as some people say just eyeball it
as much as you think you want spice will
not go into the meat so much as it will
be layered chili for the little bit
smoky flavor it will not be getting
inside of the meat it will be outside so
when you will cut you can get that
outside source
our lovely km you will get that outside
source and then it will make that full
effect of a flavor because you still
will be cutting not only from the inside
you will be cutting a little bit of the
outside so even if you will put a lot of
it it still will not a lot will go into
the meat and into your flavouring let's
get done so physically I just wore all
the meat them see pushing it in try to
cover as much as possible all these
sides all these cracks should be covered
too so we can just pick up the spices
and put some salt some other things
again I found the crack
[Music]
the ants definitely
see here it is again
[Music]
I can't even roll it
[Music]
so does the step number one
what we will do next next we will roll
into the cloth one requirement please
use clean cloth
[Applause]
roll it tight
again really it does not matter too much
how tight it will be the net will will
physically keep things together but it's
just easier to handle it
and the last step push it from the
bottom and gently accept passing through
meat you can just shake a couple times
and the stretching by itself
not stretching by itself and here we are
one is packed the next step will be I
just will and with the butcher's twine
and leave it hanging somewhere
[Music]
future capicola number two
[Music]
one more thing to mention before hanging
AI do Wei de
it's 1472 grams it's way easy if you do
that in grams why because then you
multiply that by 0.6 and that's the
amount of grams which you need to have
to have 40% loss on the product so what
I do next
take that label and actually put it on
the string here this way I'm not losing
it just with the packing tape and the
Tongass will be here now this is my goal
not 0 88 880 this is my goal for the
wait for the water loss
this one is 12 82 which again I
calculated before comes out to 770 I
have second tape ready I can do any way
I want to so now you can just take
put it like this and this one will be
770 and table visually hanging when I
think that they've done
I will wait them again and I don't need
to know the initial wait I just need my
to know my goal so really that's it now
it's just the waiting it takes about six
to eight weeks
nothing cannot be speed up so see you
soon so this is a second part of
coca-cola project I'm caught smoking it
as you see smoker is here no heat which
is the cosmic generator pump and
that's where our beautiful things are I
will not be smoking them for too long
couple hours probably will be more than
enough what the smoke will do it will
preserve it a little bit more than a
regular holding just enough in a
basement or some whales generator
generates the smoke smoke penetrates in
this case cloth cloth does not allow no
to grow so it's a simple not tricky
procedure at all but you need to have
cold smoke upon that though we will be
talking a little bit more please watch
other videos you can learn about hot
smoke generator mark me one
it's nice stainless steel unit as you
see that it's attached to the smoker and
just goes
and here we have it if you will look you
will see the peppers again this will be
on a spicy side so watch out quantities
and let's see how it looks cut
[Music]
I would say perfect
you see the fat layers you see the mid
layers and everything should go very
very fair
[Music]
and let's taste it
[Music]
perfect
[Music]
[Music]