[Music]
hey if you're watching this video that
means that you're about to learn how to
downshift now this is gonna be video one
of two videos of teaching you the proper
way of down shifting a truck
transmission in this case a 10 speed
transmission now if you are watching
this video that means you should already
know where the gear patterns are for
this 10 speed transmission and you
should already know how to upshift
properly there should be 3 videos that
you watch before this one so if you
haven't watched those videos yet please
go back watch those videos and make sure
you don't watch this one because
learning out of order ain't ever fun so
the first thing we have to talk about is
why do we downshift the reason why we
have to downshift is to make sure that
we're using the braking effects of the
engine down shifting helps us go slower
and helps us control the vehicle a lot
better now to slow down you can of
course use your brakes but if you use
your brakes way too much that means
you're gonna start wearing out your
brakes and if your speed reduces too
quickly you might have the chance of
stalling the vehicle so we want to avoid
that at all cost down shifting is a
great way to help you control the
vehicle for any kind of situation that
you want now of course in real life if
you were driving and something came on
onto the road there is no need to
downshift all you really have to do is
press on the brake and a clutch and stop
the vehicle no matter what gear you're
in but if you want to learn how to
downshift follow along with me you're
about to learn alright so the first
thing we're going to have to learn is
what is the proper foot pattern okay now
just like I'm shifting there's a
specific pattern that we must use with
our feet and our hands we must do a
similar kind of pattern for down
shifting okay the pattern is clutch gas
clutch and you're gonna follow along
with me and listen up so we're going to
be starting in 10th gear then we're just
gonna be going through the motions the
engine is gonna be off there in this
video ok like I said we're just gonna be
going through the foot patterns only so
if we're in tenth gear and we want to go
down to a lower gear we're gonna have
the clutch into neutral we're gonna give
it gas in neutral off the gas
clutch into 9
off the clutch now remember we still
want to use half clutch full clutches
are never good
and while we're in gear we do not want
to press on the gas because the whole
goal for downshifting again is to slow
down the vehicle so we're going to
clench into neutral gas where our
neutral collection to eight off the off
the clutch let the whole vehicle start
to slow down in eighth collect into
neutral gas and neutral classroom to
seven off the clutch again no gas and
gear because we want the vehicle to slow
down clutch neutral gas clutch gear now
we're in six now that we're in since
we're gonna have to clip the t-bar down
clutch neutral gas clutch five off the
clutch no gas clutch neutral gas click
for clutch neutral gas clutch 3 clutch
neutral gas clutch to question neutral
gas clutch one so now we just so now we
successfully went all the way from the
ten to one now of course the pattern is
clutch clutch gas so I'm gonna do it
again and now this time that you've
watched me I want you to follow along
and your simulator now alright so we're
gonna start off in 10th year again the
t-bar is gonna be up and now let's begin
so it's gonna be clutch neutral gas
clutch 9 clutch neutral gas clutch 8 +
neutral gas clutch 7 clutch neutral gas
clutch 6 t-bar down clutch neutral gas
clutch 5 class neutral gas clutch cooler
clutch neutral gas that's three request
neutral gas clutch 2 clutch neutral gas
clutch 1 now if you notice I'm not
really using any crazy force on this
shifter everything goes right into play
if you just stay nice
and relax so now we're gonna do it
another time
so we're gonna start off intent here so
T bar up punch the 10 clutch gas clutch
clutch gas clutch clutch gas clutch
clutch gas
let's see you bar down clutch gas clutch
clutch gas clutch clutch gas clutch
clutch gas clutch clutch gas clutch and
now we're in one so I will now walk
through you guys through it three
different times I want you guys to keep
practicing because like we talked about
in the other videos repetition is king
so you know exactly what to do with your
feet when it's time to downshift your
ten-speed truck transmission
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you