you have most likely heard of the
amazing health benefits of consuming
bananas and we have made many videos on
the channel discussing these great
benefits but did you know that when
bananas are boiled and the water is
consumed this creates a tea that offers
great levels of nutrition and most
importantly unique health benefits for
our overall health to make this mixture
at home you will need one organic banana
five to six cups of water and a teaspoon
of raw honey bring the water to a boil
and add the bananas to the boiling water
allow the banana to steep for about ten
minutes remove from heat and strain the
water into a cup let cool and then add
the honey
this drink is often consumed at night
before bed now
let's discuss some of the amazing health
benefits of consuming banana tea
regularly first this mixture is
incredibly healthy banana tea offers
many healthy vitamins minerals and other
nutrients that can promote our overall
health specifically it is a good source
of potassium vitamin b12 manganese
magnesium and vitamin C as well it also
contains some dietary fiber as well as
pectin and antioxidant compounds
surprising to some but banana tea is
commonly consumed due to its ability to
naturally promote sleep and remedy
sleeping problems the high levels of
tryptophan dopamine and serotonin found
in the mixture can help to improve sleep
levels regulate sleep and increase
feelings of restfulness also the tea may
provide a calming effect for those who
consume it before bed which can help
with the relaxation and reduce sleeping
ailments drinking banana tea regularly
can also help to promote healthy
digestion this is often attributed to
the high levels of magnesium and
potassium found in the tea these healthy
nutrients help to improve muscle
function and promote the health and
functionality of the digestive tract
banana tea is also a good source of
dietary fiber and pectin these nutrients
work together to promote regular bowel
movements reduce bloating and increase
nutrient uptake from the healthy foods
we eat it can also help to improve heart
health and reduce the risk of developing
cardiovascular disease as mentioned
previously banana tea is an excellent
source of potassium potassium can help
to lower blood pressure reduce the risk
of heart disease and improve circulation
it also acts as a vasodilator which can
improve the overall health of our blood
vessels the tremendous amounts of
antioxidants can also help to reduce
free radicals that can compromise the
cardiovascular system lastly consuming
banana tea regularly can help to boost
the immune system and prevent certain
diseases this is often attributed to the
high levels of vitamin C and vitamin A
along with other antioxidant compounds
the ascorbic acid found in the tea can
help to stimulate white blood cell
production which can naturally boost the
immune system and prevent disease thank
you for watching the video please like
comment and share if you would like to
hear about more healthy foods and food
and beauty tips please subscribe to the
channel have a great and healthy day