I thank you for joining me we are going
to be making salmon patties today I have
already done the salmon patty videos
some years ago this is going to be a
little different because we're going to
be doing it in the airfryer and I'm
going to be using different ingredients
if this is your first time here consider
subscribing I upload videos weekly and
if you're already a subscriber thank you
for watching and with that let's go
ahead and get started when I'm going to
be using today is pink salmon it's
almost a 15 ounce can I went ahead and
already drained all the juices from it
and now I'm just going to go ahead and
remove the skin
skin removal if I'm gonna go ahead and
open this up and you'll see some bones
in here these are totally edible I don't
mind them in here but I'm just gonna go
ahead and remove what I see real quick
I'm just gonna go ahead and take my fork
and break this up have some chopped up
onion and green bell pepper I'm gonna
add to this I really don't have any
measurements I would say this is just
over fourth of a cup of green bell
pepper and probably close to a half a
cup of onion let's go ahead and add our
seasonings this is what I'm gonna be
using I have some Creole seasoning that
I'm gonna add that's about a teaspoon
I'm gonna add about a tablespoon of Old
Bay seasoning and about a tablespoon of
garlic powder I'm gonna add some parsley
flakes okay that was probably good two
tablespoons of parsley flakes I just
about knocked my camera over on the
floor I'm gonna add some fresh black
pepper and begin anything I'm using is
totally optional I'm gonna go ahead and
add some cayenne pepper we go ahead and
just mix this real quick one thing I
fail to mention I did reserve a little
bit of the salmon juice just in case
this seems a little dry I can add a
little bit of the liquid so you might
want to keep that in mind I have 1/4 of
a cup each of flour and cornmeal
I have one slightly beaten egg and three
tablespoons of mayonnaise now I'm gonna
go ahead and mix this all up if it seems
too wet and texture for you just go
ahead and add a little bit more flour
okay I thought maybe I would need to add
a little bit more flour I think I'm
gonna be okay what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna go ahead and make these into
patties you can make them how big or
small you like after I get these made
into patties I'm gonna refrigerate this
for at least 30 minutes that will help
set our salmon patties up so they will
not fall apart when we go to flip them
over so I'm gonna go ahead and finish
this up pop it in the fridge and I will
see you in a flash I'm about ready to
take my salmon patties out of the
refrigerator I'm gonna go ahead and
spray my basket lightly with olive oil
you can use any kind of oil you would
like I want my salmon patties to stick
so that's why I'm starting that with oil
first okay we're gonna go ahead and put
our salmon patties into the basket I'm
just gonna go ahead and put four in here
I want enough room to be able to flip
these without breaking them I'm gonna go
ahead and spray the top of these lightly
also with olive oil just a little bit
okay I already have my timer set I have
it set on 380 degrees and we're going to
start off with eight minutes and then we
will check it and go from there
okay let me tell you what I did real
quick after eight minutes was up I
checked these and I needed to go a
little bit longer so I went two more
minutes on 380 the total cooking time
for side 1 is 10 minutes on 380 so let's
take a peek and see what we got going on
okay that's better I'm gonna go ahead
and flip these over real quick I'm
having no issues of these breaking so
that's good
I highly recommend to refrigerate these
for at least 30 minutes okay I think now
what I'm going to do I'm gonna bump up
the temperature to 400 and some pop the
temperature to 400 and I'm gonna go for
five minutes
so 405 minutes checking in between okay
these have been going for minutes on the
other side on 400 degrees these are
ready to come out so a quick recap on
the first side we did 380 degrees for 10
minutes I flipped them I did not add oil
on the other side and I bumped up the
temperature to 400 degrees for 4 minutes
so I'm gonna go ahead and plate these up
real quick I'm not sure I think I might
have lost my camera connection I cut
this open I took a bite I'll take
another bite so down in the comments if
you want to tell me what you like to put
on your salmon patties if anything
tartar sauce I actually like ketchup on
mine and tartar sauce but I usually go
for the ketchup okay I'll go ahead and
take another bite
very good parsley flakes that's probably
a good
[Music]
[Music]
you