real life such a beautiful thing don't
you think you guys are on this content
though people like this content here
also click on the Bell
come on be a part of the notification we
gotta take a break so you guys don't
know what fun is fun is video bees beef
noodle soup well I could be any animal
soup but beef noodle soup let me show
you how easy it is to make little meats
but the best way don't blink
the first process of making [ __ ] we
gotta clean our meats all to clean our
meat we gotta throw everything in a pot
of boiling water for about 15 to 20
minutes so I got some tripe people here
or acts of it for small racks of it one
oxtail just toss everybody in the pool
you don't have to worry if they can swim
because you don't care right two pieces
of tendon beautiful and last but not
least one beef flank the reason behind
pre boiling army is because we want to
clean out any impurities that's left
onto the beef and we want a clear nice
broth in the end of the process so
boiling time 15 to 20 minutes guys 15
minutes in jump off all the impurities
quitting our beef so you want all that
bits and pieces like this if you wash
the way because we don't want that in
our broth we want some of it in our
broth not all of it all right cut out a
nice and rinsed Oh 12 quarts of clean
water
I'm throw back our beef everybody back
in the pool I don't care if it's wet
back in welcome outside guys this is
where I usually like to cook all my
stews just because if I cook it inside
it's gotta be very hot inside so to this
foot we got 1 tablespoon of salt in the
beginning I'm gonna go in with 2 tbsp of
fish sauce the best sauce ever just in
the beginning guys in the end we're
gonna taste and adjust for our own
liking turn on this side oh yeah so
we're gonna take our onion I'm gonna
char them once got down semi charge into
the pool next chart our ginger what's
our ginger it's nice and charred into
the pool as well next it goes 1/2 a cup
of star nice one clump of rock sugar or
palm sugar 1/3 cup of coriander and once
mystic everybody in the pool nothing to
it now guys let us sit on a medium-low
heat for six hours minimum along it's
it's the taste Europeans are heard
popping you can't have goodies fo
without a garden of herbs on top of your
foot so I got green onion and cilantro
here we're just gotta thinly slice a
point here next I got some sawtooth
thinly sliced as well we got some Thai
basil okay so I'm serious about this
Vietnamese people love a garden of herbs
on their foe you guys don't eat a
gardener herbs on your foot
you're not even foot nice you got a line
[Music]
some Chi Chi Li and muscle at least this
Hyundai or American yeah translate to
American onions
this is Vietnamese essential on
Vietnamese pho so you got your bean
sprout chopped Hyundai or American
onions Thai chili lime Thai basil
culantro or sawtooth green onion and
cilantro next one thing I enjoy having
with my pho guys is pickled onions so if
you guys I'm not trying to pickle onions
before it please do give this recipe a
try simply place it
[Applause]
make sure you guys you don't hold my
speed but if you do tuck your fingers
this is how I learned how to chop fast
so all I do is pretty much take my nails
and just like dig it in to the onions
here you know what I mean I actually
don't know how to explain it but I you
just just dig my hand into this onion
here and I rock against this little fat
skin here so if you guys all have this
low fat skin here
that's just eat more so all I do just
practice just practice doing this make
sure you tuck your fingers alright guys
don't don't leave your fingers out like
this I'm gonna slice your fingers like
nothing so all I do just practice that's
all it is a lot of practice there you go
nice little thin slices of onion stuff
it into my container here three
tablespoons of sugar teaspoon of chili
powder going with a cup of vinegar you
toss this in and nothing to it guys
throw it in the fridge and let this all
soak in for about two to three hours to
get the best tasting results next guys
for our topper meats for a foot we got
bobbing or beef balls and additional I I
wasn't gonna get poor balls but I just
got four balls as well but you guys
don't have to use pork ball release some
of these balls here and just slice them
in half slice them in half those to the
side slice them in half throw two sides
next ball tie or rare beef on top so I
got a I round here which I'm just gonna
take away from this package here so I
always buy my meat whole just because
it's cheaper and you get more
this not even half it's gonna use this
piece of me before I don't know what
should I use it for throw one half to
the side take the other half and trim
off all that fat once you get the fat
all nice and trim we're just gonna slice
down very thin slices of multi or
chopped beef here let's got this all
nice and chopped pack it up
see you later just got set to the fridge
for the time being
Chinese gonna blow two cups of flour
can't have fun without Chinese doing ups
come on guys so one tablespoon of baking
powder because I like my donut a little
sweet I'm gonna go anyway 3 tablespoon
of sugar mix this in i slowly add in 1
cup of cold water almond it before come
on we all know this will make it Chinese
doughnut it's a nice soft dough always
look for a nice soft dough we're making
shine still annette come on now a little
flour on the counter take your roller
roll this out to a nice flat round or
rectangle which got somewhat like a
triangle or a rectangle it doesn't have
to be perfect guys all we're doing now
chopping this down chopping this down
into nice little strips here you know
what I don't take my pizza cutter easier
I got vegetable here heating out a
medium-high heat for about 20 minutes
after 20 minutes did your Chinese donut
into the pool I don't care if you can
swim this guy yeah time 30 seconds 30
seconds in take them out there it is
beautiful Chinese donut three hours into
this cooking process it has reduced
quite a bit look at the two rings so all
I'm gonna do only one time do this all
right we're gonna pour back some water
keep the second ring there only do this
once and we're just gonna cook this for
the remainder to the top six hours in
kind of ploy everything else so onions
know what just pull out everything
starting right now so everything will
have a bring out a big straightener you
guys don't have a big screener just
bring it into whatever you can just
bring it into once you got that nice and
straining I take my beef here and we'll
just gonna cut each bowl I'm gonna cut
up my tendon just a nice good size
pieces
you guys follow each step you guys will
end up with 10 quarts of broth that's
all we're doing now taking our beef and
our ox down I'm putting it back in take
our beef and pork meatball it's time to
season so I've added one tablespoon of
salt already in another tablespoon of
salt or your fish sauce and we're gonna
go one tablespoon at a time
taste and adjust for your liking so I
had you in the beginning already so
that's four five six I will stop at
seven and taste it what's that in that's
quite pasty already I set this up so
grab your biggest bow or your nicest bow
get some raw beef I'll knock up with the
raw beef on the top because I want the
raw beef to kind of cook more at the
bottom next I got hydrated button foot
buoy right here or fresh foot right here
that's already been hydrated I'm just
gonna grab a handful toss them into the
pool just for about ten seconds guys not
so long we take our cooked foot and just
throw into our Bowl here pork meatball
beef meatball oxtail on the side tendon
and tripe on the side
toss him some raw onion Eisley some
broth so just took a bowl
much easier
remember our plater herbes take your
bezel we gotta move fast guys because we
don't want this to overcook you spouts
a little poison poison guy with the H no
watch ah there it is good and this is
the best beef ball foot you guys are
ever make I promise you come through my
Rihanna's doing this no time to waste my
noodles are over cooking and I hate
overcook noodles
I just hate it I just really really
really hate it all right
quick time guys go in with the broth
first he's got it nice I'm pumped for
this oh yeah oh yeah that's beautiful
quick time guys my noodles are
overcooking nice and it's super hot in
this room don't worry my dear I'll pop
for this
the best ball ever don't believe me give
it a try
whoa
hands down best bud I ever made it's so
hot
I think it's plus 30 today yeah plus 30
and I'm sitting in the sunroom mmm
the pickled greens cooked at nice not
pickled green pickled onions it works so
well in this we're at my rare beef my
rare beef let's see my rare beef is
slightly cooked which is awesome guys
nice so tender so soft so many guys may
say Quine you should have just not pre
blast noodles I tried it before
and the noodles were undercooked mmm
this my friend is a bowl of goodness
it's rich it's delicious I think it's
Anthony Bourdain two guys are no active
or native I don't say F D Bourdain's
favorite food and I think Anthony
Bourdain does have a restaurant good now
two guys here des with everything quick
that nice I usually never put my foot on
my spoon but this time I will mm-hmm
this broth here is gold it's gold it's
gold guys Wow all right guys like I said
before
tell your [ __ ] [ __ ] that QT is your new
book shop
it's so hot but still worth it most boys
together they'll wipe my face this right
here guys it's decadent
it's just definite little onion nice
another bite here no bra her dad nice
mm-hmm just amazing just amazing
well legit the best I ever made
[Music]
I know my guys we're my family's from
we're from the central Vietnam we don't
cook that much blood down there just
because my city only cooks mostly our
majority of boom or boom bow head or the
spicy noodle one but for some reason
when I'm down with Vietnam I never had a
really good bowl fought before somebody
in Vietnam has to take me when I'm in
but now somebody needs to leave me the
right way
somebody's up Miss Kitty
a little off step guys
with that just so bonds the best bowl of
love I know I keep saying up but after
there's no Chinese don't got to give you
guys so quick that quick that mmm
ever had beefy fluff before yeah
you guys gotta come try mine then lose
the weigh-in [ __ ] you eat a hot bowl
you sweat rain your ruff you drink the
backup your sweat and cheers going into
this broth then sucked back in most
amazing ass thing ever ever look at the
sweat game guys got sweat under my boob
got sweat under my ping here or my neck
no sweat under my armpit but sweat all
over my face sweat all over my arm
that's when you know it's good but life
such a beautiful thing
don't you think hope you guys enjoy this
one don't forget to subscribe you have
it also don't forget to pick up one your
fool myself beautiful thing check all
right like share this pizza