there's nothing like Hsu it's eccentric
by nature no two are alike unless of
course you get your soup in a can so
today I'm going to show you how to make
a bowl of piping hot broccoli soup for
that I have one potato diced one onion
chopped 1 clove of garlic that I've just
cut into half 2 cups of water salt let's
boil all these ingredients for 10
minutes 10 minutes are up and now into
this let's add 200 grams of broccoli
florets
[Music]
give this a stir and if you feel the
need to add a little more water add some
and let this cook for another four to
five minutes five minutes are up and
let's check on the vegetables if they're
cooked the potatoes are nicely softened
and the broccoli is cooked as well let's
turn off the flame and I'm going to
bring this pot off the flame and let
this cool down for at least 10 to 15
minutes while this is cooling down I'm
going to quickly make the white sauce
for which in the saucepan I'm going to
add 1 cup milk 1 tablespoon of corn
flour 1 teaspoon of butter and now turn
on the flame keep stirring on this
continuously because as the milk
thickens it's going to start sticking to
the saucepan
[Music]
the milk has started to thicken and now
just keep stirring it for another two
minutes turn off the flame and now these
vegetables have slightly cooled down I'm
going to grind them into a smooth fury
with this hand blender grind this into a
smooth fury and make sure there are no
potato pieces left behind and I'm very
carefully I'm gonna mix this broccoli
stop with this white sauce so into the
saucepan let's pour this mix it well and
bring it to a boil I'm also going to
check on the sole since I've added some
earlier
[Music]
I just need a little bit and the soup is
ready to plate I'm gonna pour the soup
into this bowl let's garnish the soup
with a few strands of cheese a few
broccoli florets and I'm also going to
drizzle some garlic infused olive oil
I've just tweeted a little bit of olive
oil and sauteed one clove garlic in it
there is nothing more satisfying than a
bowl of hot soup after a hard day of
work do try this at home
comment below and let me know how it
turned out and also don't forget to
subscribe to Rhodri food see you next
time bye bye