hi Blake again right now I want to show
you how to make a chocolate martini
there's a number of different ways to
make a chocolate martini but very
importantly I pour mine in a martini
glass with this special chocolate swirl
so I've got some chocolate sauce in a
squirter bottle and I'm going to garnish
the inside of the glass with a little
ribbon of chocolate all the way up very
nice okay we'll garnish that with the
cherry at the bottom of the glass and
we'll build our drink into a 16 ounce
mixing glass full of ice as I said
there's a number of different ways to
make these I like mine half-and-half
with vodka and creme de cocoa so it's a
clear cocktail I'll pour them at the
same time and pull them off at the same
time aiming at three ounces we'll give
this a nice shake now we're ready to
serve and this is the perfect chocolate
martini
Cheers