a perfect Pavlova is crunchy on the
outside but it's soft and fluffy on the
inside start by whisking five egg whites
in a scrupulously clean Bowl on low
speed when they become frothy increase
the speed and whisk until soft peaks
form that hold their shape now start
adding 275 grams of caster sugar a
tablespoon at a time so that it
completely dissolves when you reach the
stage where the peeps are firm and
glossy and you can't feel any grains of
sugar add two and a half teaspoons of
corn flour 1 teaspoon of vanilla and one
and a half teaspoons of white vinegar
whisk just enough to mix everything in
tip the meringue out onto a baking sheet
lined with parchment paper and dust with
corn flour shape it into a tall Mound
and then use the back of a spoon to
create a bowl on top bake the Pavlova in
an oven preheated to 150 degrees for 10
minutes and then lower the heat to 110
degrees Celsius and leave to bake for
another hour whatever you do do not open
the oven door while it's baking
otherwise it will collapse
once the hour is up turn the oven off
and leave the pebble over inside with
the door closed until it's completely
cooled at least six hours
to assemble carefully run a sharp knife
under the Pavlova and place it on a
serving dish then top it with 500 mL of
unsweetened double cream whipped and two
panels of rinsed and trimmed
strawberries dusted with a bit of icing
sugar and serve for more recipes and
how-to videos visit ilovecooking.ie