welcome to the rtic Garden today I want
to show you how I use neem oil to take
care of fungus Nets and fungus on my
seed starts this is neem oil this is
what it looks like when it's really
about 75 plus de and this is what NE oil
looks like when it gets down to under
70° if you ever purchase NE oil if it
ends up looking like this just put it in
warm water about 90° water and it will
return to you know the proper form to
make the spray I use a quart bottle I'll
put the link in to show
uh my video that I showed you how to
make it but basically it's a/ quart
water one to two teaspoons of the ne oil
and then enough soap uh in there so that
the soap disperses the oil that floats
on top throughout the water and every
time you go to use it make sure you
shake it you want the oil dispersed
through the spray now about a month ago
I got fungus Nets um I don't know maybe
3 weeks ago but I effectively took care
of them with the neem oil and the soapy
water spray by spraying them every 3 to
4 days
I did it three times over about a 10day
period And it killed off the life cycle
that's why you want to go about 10 days
because you want to kill off any eggs
that may be on the surface or any eggs
that are hatching also the flies that
are you know flying around I wanted to
show you the technique because there is
a way to do it that I found it to be
most effective first these are peas that
I'm planning like I said in another
video I'm doing 20 varieties and for
those I'm just going to soak the top
make sure you spray this away from your
grow lights I've made the mistake in
years past by spraying when they're
under the lights and then the splash
gets up under the lights and it
really um dulls them and it blocks the
lumens and Kelvin numbers from that but
just soak the top down don't go crazy
with it again these
are uh the Pete Moss
uh cells so they're going to absorb the
water when you go to use them on your
plants that have sprouted or germinated
make sure you test spray I've test
sprayed before I can't tell you exactly
you know that this won't damage your
plants it's very unlikely especially if
you use the least amount of soap
possible to disperse the neem oil but
always test spray wait 48 hours if your
plants aren't damaged spray again when
you're doing the plants that are grown
in the plastic cells there is a
Technique One soak down the tops soak
down the soil the under leaves and you
want beads of water to sit on the
plastic that's where the fungus knats
will walk but most most importantly and
this is why I wanted to show you the
video spray the underside they Crawl
Through the tops of your soil they crawl
on the underside where it's dark they
will crawl through it it will get on
them and in a couple of days it should
kill off the fungus Nets and again every
3 days 4 days spray the top spray the
top of the soil and spray underneath of
your cells and that should take care of
your fungus Nets hope you enjoyed the
video hope this is helpful hopefully you
don't get fungus Nets or molds but this
should help deal with any of the
problems or at least knock them back so
that you know they don't take over your
grow closet please check out my blog at
ww. therest garden. blogspot.com and
also check out my YouTube videos thanks