[Music]
hi looking for a perfect Thanksgiving
treat for the kids how about these
turkey cupcakes will gobble them up in
no time I'm Liev Hansen here at the
Betty Crocker kitchens where these
delightful cupcakes were developed along
with thousands of other recipes and I'm
going to show you how easy it is to make
these cupcakes at home okay let's get
started I've baked chocolate cupcakes
and let them cool completely so now
we're ready to frost them I have
chocolate frosting take about one to two
tablespoons of frosting and spread it on
top I'm using an offset spatula it makes
it really easy to frost cakes and
cupcakes but if you don't have one you
can always use a butter knife now that
I've frosted him we can move on to the
next step I've placed some more
chocolate frosting into a resealable
plastic bag and cut a small hole at the
tip I'm gonna use this to pipe the head
squeeze and hold in place until you have
the size you want and then release
pressure and lightly swirl the bag do
that for each one now in the opposite
side of each cupcake I'm also going to
pipe a little line curving with the
cupcake and that's gonna be where the
tail feathers are going to go okay now
let's put on the candy corn we're gonna
get a candy corn beak and candy corn
tail feathers about five or six for each
cupcake so you can place these straight
up and down because they will naturally
start to splay out a little bit and if
they do it a little bit too much you can
always move them back into place now to
add a little bit more texture we're
going to put on some chocolate sprinkles
okay now the last step is to put the
eyes on I'm gonna use some decorating
icing so you're gonna press on the tip
and hold in place until you have the
size eye that you want then release
pressure and gently spiral the tip up
that way you don't have a point see now
let's finish the eyes I'm using brown
decorating gel and just squeezing a dot
in the center of each white eye so there
you go
don't these look great now when you're
ready to serve them you can put little
candy corn feet on - the kids are gonna
love them you can find more great baking
tips and recipes at Betty Crocker calm
I'm Liev Hansen here in the Betty
Crocker kitchens
[Music]