hi guys welcome back to the YouTube
family today we're going to be doing the
chocolate fountain challenge yummy hey
but before we get into this challenge go
ahead and smash that subscribe button
also share this video and our Channel
with your friends we really want to get
to 1 million Subs by the end of the year
and you can help us do that we can do it
we can do this All right we are going to
go ahead and try some very weird foods
in a chocolate fountain so what do you
guys want to start off strawberri
strawberri strawberries are not weird I
guess we're starting with strawberries
all right we'll start with the good
thingss all right are we
ready have you guys ever dipped anything
in a chocolate fountain oh it tastes
good and if so what was it all right
let's do
this all
right I love this I know I can eat this
all day strawberries and chocolate
thumbs up
mhm thumbs up thumbs up why did we do
the best one first we should have save
this till last well we eat some more
strawberries all right
pickle who wants to pick next me Ty go
ahead pickles oh pickles pickles yeah
all right we've all got our pickles
woohoo and we're ready to dip
it uh do you guys think this will be
good or gross gross I honestly don't
know cuz I love pickles but not
attaching to the pickle yeah it's
sliding right off the pi all right let's
eat oh uh-uh oh bad choice is bad it's
not that bad it's just
weird I like the pickle by itself
yeah Li the chocolate off and then eat
the pickles I'm not a fan of chocolate
cover pickles yeah it's different okay
which one are we going to have next guys
Jake what are we doing lemon lemon
okay
lemon pass them around lemon wedges I
love
lemon I don't like eating lemons just
plain this is going to be weird cuz take
a lemon this is going to be really weird
cuz it's going to be sour and sweet sour
sour all right so dip the raw inside of
it in yeah oh my gosh this looks so good
so good what what does that look good to
you yes this looks so good Audrey loves
lemons
[Music]
go go not for me what
I
yes I love it I got
speed too well I will say I like that
better than a
pickle I like this one better than
anyone this is good
I'd
say I think Audrey's got a little bit on
her
face IE it oh you me too for me that's a
thumbs down cuz I don't like sour
actually I like that one thumbs up want
to kiss on your cheek tie Audrey's
obviously a thumbs up Ty what did you
think thumbs up all right Audrey had it
at lemons she's like
yes she did pour lemons for lunch you
know where I going to be spit in the
afternoon and she put lemons in her
in her drink all righty Jordan what are
we trying next let's go with to refresh
our breaths from the lemon some onions
no take it off these are onions so green
onions going to be
so you're really going to eat that whole
thing the white part white green part
yeah the white you get the
roots which part do you eat green
this looks great ready go onions green
onions and chocolate you guys are all
eting the green I'm going to go for the
white the white You Got Roots on it it's
okay all right the whole thing's a root
I'm just going to dip it in this Oh
that's oh oh look at that that's so bad
I'm going to do a double triple dip oh I
need lots
of hopefully nobody here plans on
kissing anybody today cuz it's going
ready I can't this is weird let's get
you guys drink the Green in eat the
white end no oh no thumbs down oh my
breath thumbs down that's so bad so bad
you smell your
breath it's so bad yeah it's like a
spoonful of
chocolate if you eat the white end it's
not as strong I don't think well now
it's coming okay next round next round
not a fan of onions and chocolate a
spoon full of chocolate MI medicine go
down medicine all righty that's thumbs
down for me thumbs down gross thumbs up
Ty likes it I
like digging it out of my teeth
gross CH onion in my teeth on your te I
don't think I would like one on we are
all a mess okay there Go Dad's turn to
pick what are we trying I'm going to try
the jalapeno chips let's do the chips
the sal√© chips these are not normal
these are good chips these are awesome
they're spicy chips they already have
salsa on them
hello get a big chip I got half
one goes down with a spoon of chips and
chocolate actually doesn't look that bad
dip it spicy chip with chocolate spicy
and chocolate always go good together so
they this should be good not Jake he
just tried the dark hot CH chocolate all
right um should I yep
wow it's like eating jalapeno chocolate
oh we eat it then really really weird oh
Cristy jalapeno chocolate thumbs down
really brings out the tortilla flavor
too and not in a good way it's like
veget it's really oily it's better than
the onion not good not good not good not
good thums down a little bit let's just
say I'm not going to be sitting up at
10:00 at night eating chips and
chocolate nope Ty likes it though maybe
just chips or chocolate partial is a
sideways I want all over his shirt he's
growing some vampire F BL okay all right
my turn to pick oh I didn't see the
Twinkies I think we will do let's try
these o what are those ital these are
from Italy and they are some puff pastry
sticks with butter I can already tell
you this is going to be thumbs up Pi
past butter and chocolate yes thank
you those sound
good bad pick have no more pickles
pickles you want more pickles and
chocolate on yeah yeah it's like the top
is like a dut yeah it's like a dried
donut W it's got glazy stuff on it all
right I didn't let's try
those puff pastry PFF p p p so light it
floats on top of the chocolate it's
going to clog the fountain with all the
flakes okay try not to Blink it all up
okay ready you ready set is chocolate
go wow what the
heck that weird I don't know wow little
tasting there's a lot of flavors going
on it's like a party in my
mouth even is this that's really weird
these are very buttery I would say yeah
I would say it's good but I'm not going
to try it again Why without the
chocolate the chocolate actually makes
it better I wantate cuz otherwise it's
like a bland salted pretzel but with the
jar chocolate it's like a cookie it's
not bad I don't mind it I say it's
thumbs up middle chocolate made it
better I agree yeah I think so too it's
not like fabulous but it's definitely
better with the chocolate back a ' 70s
disco party I all right Audrey
strawberry just
kidding well you only have one to pick
Twinkies banana flavor No Bananas
chocolate it's always good please I let
this be good have not had a Twinkie in I
don't know how many years I want for i c
it not me not me not me looking forward
to this cuz I don't like TN this is
going to be back my
childhood growing up my friend always
had twinkies and at lunchtime at school
we'd always share Twinkies Twinkies yeah
a deer all right dip the twin I can't
get mine out
rapper oh this is like just adding more
goodness to this does look good it's
like this choc cover it's like Audrey
getting straight A on a report card and
then finding out you can actually get an
A+ that's what it reminds you
of
ter
yeah pickles I'm going to try it without
I'm going to say I think ban
are probably good the way that they are
I would say no on this one as well I
like it I think it's thumbs down I think
leave the chocolate off the twinkie
leave for the cupcakes uh-uh mm or the
ding-dongs I would like it better if it
wasn't banana flavored maybe that's what
it is weird it's the banana flavor weird
I'm not expecting banana when I eat a
twinky yeah but the twinkie tastes
better without the chocolate on it when
you try the other end it's definitely
the chocolate makes the twinkie worse
yeah because I think it's the banana
flavor
yeah that's a banana that is very power
but you know what I can't let it wait
it's so sweet it is very very sweet very
sweet I be able to take like one bite
okay all right Ty is trying or guessing
next what are we doing chicken the
turkey leg Turkey Leg okay so two people
can try the turkey leg unless yall want
to bite hey Ty take one who else is
going to try one Dad how about you Mom
hey Dad Dad and Ty are trying the turkey
legs oh this dip it from the front side
dip it from the front side that they can
see it look at this you IM the bird that
this came off of that's like as big as
Tyler's Li yeah like what the heck okay
let's see good luck dipping
it dip it on this side that's the time
bite there you go Ready set
go
ew you got chocolate on your face
especially in your beard dad it smells
gross tastes good okay at least do I
have any chocolate on my face like a
little over here maybe even here this is
uh it's all right I'd rather have it
without though I like it okay so thumbs
up or thumbs down for turkey legs and
chocolate I say no no Ty says yes oh my
gosh TI T pretty much straight up
everything is better with
chocolate all right and the last one we
have is the cookie and Jake gets to try
that along with someone else who wants a
cookie you can break them you can try it
cookies with chocolate is always good
chocolate chip Co cookies with chocolate
chocolate chocolate chip is that what
you're making chocolate chocolate ready
and try it wait I need to let M stop
dripping
like it's good it's double chocolate so
if you don't like chocolate you're not
going to like this but it's good very
good anybody else kind of feeling like
they're in a sugar
[Applause]
C you know what we need to do now boun
off the walls Nerf gun Nerf
gun Nerf gun war I think this is a
thumbs up I know now it's working it
works the heck what I say that this is a
thumbs up all right chocolate yummy
chocolate chocolate chip thumbs up okay
so what was the worst the worst was the
onions or yeah the onion chips chips
were pretty gross onion onions chips are
the Twinkies I think the pickle was the
worst oh yeah pickles no I like the
pickle better than the chips and onion
onion was my top worst no don't try that
my top worst was that the best one was
the lemon mine was a strawberry were
gross strawberry strawberry strawberries
is absolutely the best six more
strawberries one more round of
strawberries strawberries strawberries
please I pass it that's I like the
turkey M you like the turkey that's your
favorite Ty will dip turkey in chocolate
where's my he's a strange
child mom said it not me oh my gosh
strawberries the best they so
strawberries and chocolate fountain is
so good all right now that we have made
a huge
mess C to clean
it doran's cleaning it D is in h all
right thank you guys so much for
watching Remember to like subscribe and
share have a great day bye
[Music]