you say summertime I say lobster time at
least once every barbecue season you owe
it to yourself to beat the restaurant
prices and serve lobster to your family
and friends in your own backyard Lobster
Shack here's how to cook two very
different cousins live whole lobster
from the cold Waters Around Maine and
rock lobster tail harvested and then
Frozen from the warm Waters of the
tropics the main lobsters are sweet and
tender in taste and are larger than the
rock lobsters ranging from a pound up to
three four and even 5 lbs and yes they
are
alive traditionally the main lobster is
boiled dropped live into a large pot of
heavily salted water when the water
comes to a boil cut the rubber bands off
the lobster claws boiled rubber bands
can alter the
[Music]
flavor cook the lobster for about 7
minutes for the first pound and 3
minutes for each pound after remove them
from the pot and submerge them in an ice
bath so that they don't overcook and
become
[Music]
tough after your Lobster is cool enough
to handle you can start to take it apart
first twist the tail apart from the body
by holding on the back end with one hand
and twisting the tail off with the other
then Twist Off the
claws there is tender and flaky meat in
the claw open with a nutcracker or knife
to release the meat we often reserve the
claws and make a lobster salad roll for
lunch the next day
[Music]
[Music]
to remove the meat from the tail remove
the
[Music]
legs then with a pair of kitchen shears
cut along the underside until the meat
is released
[Music]
[Music]
the spiny Lobster otherwise known as The
Rock Lobster is found in warmer water
they have a firmer texture and a mild
sweet flavor and the outer shell can be
dark red and orange above with yellowish
abdomen and a colorful fan tail preheat
your grill to medium high heat place
them on the grill for about 4
[Music]
minutes and then turn and cook for about
2 minutes
longer cooking the tail on all sides
will ensure the meat is cooked all the
way
through then stand on its end and cook
for two additional
minutes to release the meat from its
shell cut the tail end off and then with
a pair of kitchen shears cut along the
underside
[Music]
for presentation slice the meat on a
[Music]
bias and fan out on a plate serve with
melted butter
nothing screams summer louder than a
lobster cooked and eaten in the backyard
[Music]