hey guys this day thing with Tiger chef
and today I'm gonna be showing you guys
his f6 brie cheese knife so you're doing
a party you want to have a cheese spread
sometimes you can just leave the wheel
out like this but you wanna you don't
want your guests to be fumbling around
like trying to clean off the knife or
cutting the cheese so that's what the F
Nick made a blade that's really thin
they could cut right through brie and it
doesn't really stick to it because
there's not much surface space over
there and it cuts through it so your
guests you know with one hand they come
in here cut themselves a piece of Brie
and it falls right off first thing I
said when I saw this that one way wow
what a really interesting looking knife
so the whole point of this thin blade is
just so none of the cheese sticks to it
is the genius idea to have two came out
with and it's definitely a must
especially if you're putting out brie
wheels or even if you're cutting it for
yourself so listen you want to get this
knife come see as the tiger chef calm
and stay updated with us by subscribing
to our YouTube channel thanks guys