[Music]
welcome to spice and pants if you like
our channel please hit subscribe and
thank you for watching hi and welcome to
spice in Paris today I'm going to show
you how to make this spicy chili pot
unknown SAT what I have over here is one
kilogram of chicken two tablespoon of
our oyster sauce 2 tbsp of soy sauce
black soy sauce 3 tbsp of tartar sauce
and 2 tbsp of 4002 or Chinese cooking
wine I'm going to put all this together
into here and marinate this
[Music]
stay in well be sure every meters below
touch by de sauces next up you're going
to hit a pan and I'm going to fry some
of the chilies and the other containers
which I'm going to show you in a while
once the pan is heated up put some point
in point O so the two tablespoon of our
[Music]
sesame seed oil and what we're doing is
we're going to fry these references
right have a two teaspoon of this I
searched one peppercorns a size of a
ginger that I slice approximately about
chopped pieces of garlic and six pieces
of the cheating body which I'm going to
tell all together deep services o11
adding here is also dried chili which
i've already hydrated okay approximately
about 20 pieces of them
[Music]
I never take a bigger you know to spice
it up now it's really spicy no I'm all
right oh it's adding 2 tbsp of black
opuntia eruptions powerful mighty one is
[Music]
the finest will be dry this is Ariel
[Music]
[Music]
anyone Caston twist-off celery can drive
my from a fire and record also potential
up and stir them all each day so I
Gandhi's will any some water
approximately about six o'clock
here's our four car as an action walk up
you're going to use this as a baseball
steamboat actually so I'll be body this
more personally about twenty minutes if
you have made chicken stock in advance
this would be great is that one I can
use chicken stock but I did not
so why good any is a good edit with some
kill off because stop
we just want to cover it and let it boil
for personal about 20 to 25 minutes get
30 minutes has passed that's just a lot
of Technology can use do it all you very
nicely so their own a little bit
I'm good any in the possibility about
one tablespoon of our sugar neutralize
the spiciness a little bit I'm going to
add in these to taste before you are
adding any salt or anything like that
also make sure that I mean is slowly
enough for you
very nicely I think and do have a
teaspoon of salt it's not very spicy so
don't worry language control be able to
be done so good add in a little bit more
of soy sauce now we have that so later
I'm going to use this for for steamboat
so in a value that's not not so what it
can do is either prepare chicken soup
beforehand or what you do is just set in
hot water plus a cube of the chicken
stock cube all right let me just ditch
the map I'm going to go to put some
cabbage on the on the other pot so I'm
going to show you actually as a basis of
so I'm just going to pour this in today
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen this is the spicy
chicken pop also known as qat okay these
are some of the ingredients that we want
to go along with it
of course where are these people tonight
so I hope you like a recipe do click
like on our video and do subscribe to
our channel thank you for watching
[Music]