all right good afternoon ladies and
gentlemen this is mr. George with pro
gloss refinishing and I just wanted to
put out a quick video just to help
people get educated a little bit about
bathtub refinishing what it is and what
the differences might be from something
like you know bathtub liners anyway so
we got this steel shot here of a bath
tub and as you can see it had a bathtub
liner in it what you're seeing on the
left hand side is the remainder of the
bathtub liner that I was called in to
remove and fix what was left underneath
that bathtub liner so you have the
bathtub liner on the left and you have
the original bathtub surface on the
right now one of the differences between
refinishing a bath tub which is what I
do and having a bathtub liner put into
the bathtub is that there's no
possibility that you're gonna get water
up under the resurfaced surface with
bathtub liners one of the things that
I've seen in my 22 plus years of doing
refinishing is that the bathtub liners
somehow or another wind up with water
trapped between the liner and the toe
and this makes for a very slushy type of
filling when you step into the tub you
feel the water moving underneath the tub
you can hear the water moving underneath
the tub and for the homeowner it's just
not a pleasant experience to every time
you step into your tub you have this
kind of you know motion going on not to
mention that the substance that's
trapped underneath the bathtub liner
that stays there for years sometimes
it's highly unsanitary you know so if
you were thinking about taking a bath
in this thing definitely would want to
think twice before you did that and you
know probably should think about that as
you step in and even take a shower so as
you can see from this photo that there's
a lot of tar debris and different things
left behind after uninstalling one of
these things so you know it's just
something to think about if you're you
know trying to waitwe your options here
as to whether you're gonna you know do a
liner or whether you want to have
somebody come out to refinish your
bathtub to get it back in you know good
working condition you know this is
something that you might want to take
into consideration after the tub is
cleaned up as you can see in this photo
things are now cleaned up pretty tidy
doesn't look good but it's clean enough
to eat off of and from this point you
know it's a simple process of getting
the tub refinished and that's what I've
done here in this photo so I wanted to
put this video out one to let people in
southeastern Michigan know that our
services are available we are more than
happy to come out and help you get your
tub back in excellent condition and two
I wanted to put this video out to help
educate the general public on you know
the differences between tub liners and
you know having your tub refinished so
you know if you guys have any questions
I am here to help people you know become
educated consumers because I know that
you know there's a lot of people in our
industry who charge you know a
significant amount of money and they're
not necessarily all professionals which
is unfortunate but from one professional
to
any potential client I'm here to help
you guys gain some understanding and I
also look forward to your comments in
the comment section below if you like
this video please like and subscribe and
comment until next time this is mr.
George we're pro collage refinishing bye
for now