[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right I'm just about ready to nail
my fence onto my posts here and clip
them onto the T post that I got two
choices here I can either get the fence
and wrap it around the post and then
nail it in which would be strong it's
good but I got this locking mechanism on
here already and it's really not a big
deal so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to fold about the first or second
Square over and then I'm gonna nail it
on here all right what I'm gonna do is
fold this over like that
[Applause]
and then we'll nail it on to the post
all right now on this end I'm gonna roll
this out past the post a little bit and
then I'm gonna cut it and the other end
I know I'm about I don't know six to
eight inches more than what I need I
just want to make sure I have enough
because after I cut it I'm gonna put my
my sandwich two two by fours together on
it
hook it up to a strap and a winch here
to my tractor and I'm gonna pull the
fence nice and tight when it's tight
then I'm gonna nail it
on this side to the posts alright guys
this is just me my wife here you'd be
nice to have a few guys here but anyways
what I'm gonna plan on doing is lifting
this up and nailing it to this pulse
nice and straight now on the other end
I got a wench I'm gonna pull it tight so
let's try it I lift it up end up here
honey here we go oh yeah yeah yeah I'm
trying to make sure it's nice and
straight yeah I can't get gloves I do
this
why don't you go a little farther down a
little bit farther down and do that okay
right about there
try hold it there well this thing's
pulling on me all right yeah just stay
there and hold it okay all right that
had to do - that oughta do it for now
all right guys did you see what I did
here I just sang which the screen
between two two by fours and put 3/8
bolts five of them I got one here it's
covered up sandwich the screen in
between there there's a fence and
tighten it up put a strap on here I'm
gonna hook up to my tractor and with a
winch and we're gonna pull this fence
tight once it's tight I'm going to nail
it to the posts all right here hooked up
the winch to my tractor with a strap
and then hooked it up to the fence
puller my 2x4 is there and we're gonna
pull this thing tight now this is not
your chain link fence chain link fence
will stretch okay this will not this is
this is a solid wire strands running
from one end to all the way down to the
other end so this will not stretch but
it'll pull it nice and tight and once
it's nice and tight then I'll nail it to
the posts over here all right hon I need
you to lift this side up here yeah
unless you want to ratchet here yeah
lift that up there we go that looks
pretty tight
no I can see if I'm here it's pretty
tight it's pretty good yeah that's good
I don't think we need it any tighter
than that
alright guys I'm ready to put the fence
or connect the fence to the ax T post
here and I have to use these little
clips okay and this is a must-have tool
right here it's it's called a clip
bender and here's the package port right
here I mean I've seen it anywhere
between 15 and 20 bucks right in that
range this little tool right here will
help bend these and and and really
connect them to your T post really good
so let me show you how that works
alright before I start though I went to
Home Depot and they got their fence
clips here t post clips is what they're
called a packet of a 25 and lols has
their t post clips also okay package of
25 same gauge wire they are they are
slightly different
okay the ones at Home Depot are a little
better than the ones that lolz but not
much this pack right here at Home Depot
is two dollars and forty eight cents
one pack 25 this one that loss is fifty
nine cents I think it was 58 or 59 cents
huge difference in price same gauge wire
same amount of clips both do the same
thing just at the one from Home Depot it
has a little bit extra so you can flip
it on the water not show you in a second
here but that doesn't justify the price
okay 248 I think this was and this was
like fifty eight or nine cents the loss
is a place to get them okay
the difference between the two clips the
ones that lols
looks like this okay and the ones at
Home Depot look like this they got this
part here is a little bit different than
the one at Lowell this is actually a
little easier to work with with that
tool but this dis will work just fine
trust me for that price difference for
as many as I need this will work just
fine I only grabbed like four of these
packets because they were pretty
expensive and I decided to just go to
lulz and check them out there and lo and
behold lo and behold huge price
difference okay so if you guys are
putting T paws up and you need some of
these lols
is the place alright so let me show you
how this works and that tool works
alright let me show you the ones at Home
Depot how that works what you would do
let me put it on this one put it around
your t pulse like this okay just like
that you get this tool you stick it in
there like this and you whip it around
nice and tight and this one here you
would stick it in the hole let me show
you and this one you would stick it in
the hole here like that whip it around
that's pretty much it right there want
to tighten this up a little more I could
now I like this one better than the ones
that lolz but these will work just fine
all right now let me show you the ones
that lolz how they work you put it in
dad
essentially what the ones that Lowe's
I'm just using the hole in the tool to
do this same thing same thing but you
save a ton of money okay you just keep
on tightening this thing up that's it
alright guys I appreciate you watching I
just got to finish up here I have
several more sections to do here
this fence but I just wanted to show you
how I put up a fence as far as the
pulling the fence tight you don't need a
tractor you can use your truck or
whatever you have the winch at I used if
you don't have one just pick one up at
Arbor Freight that's the one I got there
it's an 8,000 pound capacity that's more
than enough for this what else and this
cool tool here I'll show you how that
works like I said it's like fifteen or
twenty bucks you can pick them up I
think tractor supply as them I just
picked us up at Amazon I didn't realize
track to supply had them and those wire
clips are those people's clips huge
price difference the ones that Home
Depot are a little better but it doesn't
justify the huge price difference okay
two forty eight versus fifty eight or
nine cents I guess that's about it guys
thanks for watching please like
subscribe and share and I greatly
appreciate it thank you
[Music]
you