today we're going to clear a block sink
Basin bath whatever with a pressure gun
small pressure gun this is very old one
actually is about 15 years old it's
called a Pango um but you get still get
them they're about 20 quid most DIY
shops you can still get them and
basically this pressure gun you pump the
trigger
so fire so you pump it on the trigger
some of them may be a long tube and you
pump it that way and what it does it bus
up air pressure in there to clear your
block waste so I'll just give you a
quick demonstration of it um you'll have
these with it little different size
sockets I've got this one which is dead
right for there I can either go that way
around or sit it in that way over the
hole my sink isn't actually block but
I'm just going to show you for
demonstration purposes so we'll put that
on now one other thing to remember if if
you just blow that waste with this gun
more than likely you're going to get
water come back out the Overflow because
as you push it that it's not going to
hold the pressure and clear the blockage
that's further down the line so in order
to clear your blockage you need to get
the full pressure impact of the gun
firing on the Block so I've got this
made up it's an old plastic nut with
some plumbers mate in it it's a bit
gungy but what I do is I stick that over
the Overflow hole like so that makes a
nice tight air fit now don't pump the
gun more than about four or five goes I
know you get more pressure that way but
if you go too mad you'll blow all the
wayist offu underneath and you're being
right d straights in so don't pump too
high pressure place your gun Over the
Hole you know we're assuming that our
sink is blocked um and then just hold
that with the other hand like that and
fire and that should be it and you'll
see it bubble the waist should blow if
it doesn't go straight away first time
give it two or three goes it will go
gradually take the pressure up if it
won't go if in the end it doesn't go
then the best way to do it is to take
the waste off under the sink and put
this straight down the pipe and fire
again at the maximum pressure you can
get um but basically that's it using a
Pango uh how to clear your waste easily
for about 20 qu you can always use it
again and again on any other jobs
throughout the home friends family blah
blah blah you will get lumbered with all
the clearing block waste jobs once I
know you got one of these uh and that's
about it okay I forget deran 33 for any
more tips just about every and anything
um I'm on there on YouTube thanks a lot
for
watching