hi guys it's lindsy an and this one is
for all of you red velvet lovers out
there today we are making easy red
velvet pancakes these are perfect for
Valentine's Day breakfast and bed
Christmas morning or breakfast for
dessert these light and fluffy
buttermilk pancakes have a hint of cocoa
and that classic red velvet color and we
are topping them with a smooth cream
cheese glaze that really sets these over
the top okay so these pancakes are
really easy to make to I have partnered
with crusties to make these using their
light and fluffy buttermilk pancake mix
so just add one cup of the pancake mix
into a bowl and whisk in 1 tbsp of
unsweetened cocoa powder next we add 2/3
cups of water a tspoon of red food
coloring and a teaspoon of vanilla
extract then we're just going to mix
this all together and don't over mix
your pancake batter we want those nice
light fluffy pancakes so just stir it
together until it's just combined then I
like to transfer my pancake batter into
a little measuring cup with a spout to
make it easier for pouring and we're
just going to let the batter sit for a
few minutes while we heat up our griddle
once your pan is nice and hot hit it
with a little non-stick cooking spray
and we're just going to pour a little
less than 1/4 cup of batter right into
the pan and you'll know they're ready to
flip when you see all the little bubbles
forming at the surface and we're going
to cook these for about 1 minute per
side and go ahead and transfer it to a
plate while you make the rest of your
pancakes until you've used up all your
batter all right now you can totally
serve these with regular old pancake
syrup or if you want to take these to
the next Next Level and keep it in true
red velvet form we've got to make our
cream cheese glaze so we're just going
to add 4 oz of softened cream cheese and
4 tbspoon of softened unsalted butter
half a teaspoon of vanilla extract and
just mix this up until it's nice and
smooth just make sure these are built at
room temperature so you don't get any
lumps in your glaze then in goes 1 cup
of powdered sugar and about 1 to 2
tablespoons of mil or water and we're
just going to keep mixing this until it
all comes together and it's nice and
smooth and creamy all right while our
pancakes are still nice and warm we're
going to go ahead and just drizzle this
right over the top oh look how amazing
this looks seriously what goes better
with red velvet than cream cheese icing
I told you guys these were easy if you
give them a try be sure to tag me in a
picture on social media at Lindsay and
bakes I'd love to see your Recreations
I've also made these for Christmas by
adding a little touch of Warm Spice to
them they're really versatile I hope you
give them a try so there there you have
my easy red velvet pancakes with cream
cheese glaze head on over to Lindsay
and.com for the full written recipe and
tons more that I know you're going to
love and be sure you're subscribed to my
YouTube channel to be the first to see
my all new videos and I'll see you guys
next time bye
[Music]
a
[Music]