kids love to eat nice crunchy chicken
that is bought from the fast food
centers but you know you're always
worried what kind of oil they're using
to fry or when you eat the chicken you
will not enjoy so much because
especially for Indian tongue you want
little bit of masala dhaba Namaste
Salaam walekum Cecilia kal welcome back
to another session with your washer
fatwa rava calm today I am going to show
you how to make a nice crunchy chicken
the way you like to eat in outside fast
food Center but this is going to be even
more better even more tastier even more
you know clean healthier for this I have
got the chicken I have cut into medium
sizes I really don't like big chunks of
entire chicken breast which is
flavorless take this chicken pieces add
a little bit of salt but what I did
before this is more important you got to
know take the chicken pieces take some
water add salt and put these chicken
pieces in it and keep it there for four
hours after that drain it out this is
called brining that Watts makes your
chicken tender and juicy this is a must
for you to have the chicken juicy inside
but you can make it crispy outside that
is what we are going to learn now now we
are going to add some chili powder I am
going to make it really nice spicy and
in this if you want to add any of the
powders like little bit of coriander
powder some garam masala but garam
masala be little careful some cumin seed
powder also you know when you eat out in
the fast food center there is a nice mix
herb smell you can get the mix herbs or
else get some basil and Pisa hops and
just add very little now I am going to
rub this meat with this masalas even the
chicken leg pieces which are slightly
bigger just put some gashes just make
sure that the masala gets into thus if
you want to make it in the evening you
can marinate like this and you can pour
some buttermilk on top to make it even
more tasty this buttermilk will enhance
the taste of your fried chicken and also
make your chicken even more tender some
buttermilk and you can leave it like
this for a few hours and then
make the chicken the chicken pieces are
ready now there are three steps in
making this Fried Chicken you're going
to take the brine chicken roll it in the
flour we will coat it with the egg and
then we are going to put it in a mixture
that is what is going to give your
chicken nice and crunchy texture I'm
going to take all purpose flour in this
I am going to add cornmeal cornmeal is
what makes your chicken nice and good
add breadcrumb some chili flakes and now
here you can use your creativity I am
going to add some peppercorn some salt
you know people add a little bit of
flavoring salt if you want you can add a
little bit in this we're going to add
some mix herb to this is going to make
your chicken fully flavorful from inside
to out now all the three plates are
ready so the next step is take these
chicken pieces onto your plate and then
I am going to show you how to do this
process take these chicken pieces put it
in the flock just make sure any moisture
that is there it is observed with the
flour this is what will give this
chicken a better coating do not be
afraid to just quote it well after this
you know beat some eggs add some water
to it and make it thin you don't want
this egg mixture to be thick now take
these chicken pieces coat it with this
egg moisture so this will what will help
this chicken stick well to this Maine
flour mixture that is cornmeal
all-purpose flour and all the mix
flavorings just the same way you applied
flock this is good enough I have these
chicken pieces ready because sitting
there some of the moisture will again
observe the flour and the chicken will
be coated well I am going to do this
with the rest of the chicken all you
have to do is take these chicken pieces
and fry it in oil these chicken pieces
we are going to fry it till they are
nice and golden look at this chicken
pieces perfectly done now the maize
flour or the cornmeal the Makai cotta
has a great quality that it won't get
colored fast that's how you get the
chicken perfectly cooked at the same
time nice and crispy difference very
easy to make this chicken fry drop it in
the oil and now look at this chicken
pieces nice crunchy perfect the awesome
fried chicken is ready and the aroma is
so good look at this the way the chicken
literally melts in your mouth
dear friends make this at home and enjoy
hmm
and nothing like having a panga d-nice
chicken leg but do not forget whatever
is all about inspiring others to cook so
please post your recipes and cooking
tips at whatever come so others can
benefit from your great cooking now
every bite is heavenly