the first thing that I've done is
created my pattern and you really don't
need to buy a pattern for this if you've
got any knowledge of how to do a
measurement or anything like that it's
really easy to make a pattern for a
pillowcase dress I had already had this
complete pattern made up and I lost this
piece in our move so I made it again
this actually going to be like a bottom
piece for the dress like a
color-coordinated hem piece this I'm not
going to use ribbon I want to make mom
ties because I feel like the ribbon
wouldn't hold up as well and Plus it'd
just be nice to have that color
coordinated and fabric to make the tie
out off you create the dress body and
you you want to leave plenty of room up
here for a folded line a cake to make a
casing to put the tie in now you can see
I've got all three well it's actually
six pieces because you're cutting two of
each I've got the the dress body we've
got the bottom hemline and we've got the
shoulder straps the first thing we're
going to need to do is take this him and
pin it to the dress body and we're going
to sew that on first we want to pin
right sides together you might want to
earn that crease out as you go along
because they caused it a little bow in
your sewing so since we're going to
start over this way is where I'm going
to be sewing I'm going to pin the pins
with the sharp point facing that way so
that I can pull them out as I go along
all right so you say I've got those pan
together we're going to take it over to
the sewing machine and sew it
we've got the pieces hem together what
we need to do is lay this turn this
wrong side out facing you and fold this
both of these pieces of fabric over and
you want to iron them flat
you can see how that lays nice and flat
and pretty want to line up your two
pieces and same deal as before you want
to put the pins in facing the way that
you intend to and the sharp point facing
towards the way you're going to start
sewing so that way you can pull them out
fairly easy
and when you're doing this when you want
the edge of your presser foot to lay
right against the edge of the fabric
because we don't want a great big huge
seam allowance on this and remember
always when you start a stitch or finish
learn you backstitch always because it
will reinforce your fabric
you
to do that finished him the first thing
you're going to do is take these little
corners at the top of the armpit the
bottom of the armpits and you want to
cut it at an angle just a little cut
don't snip the fabric and do the same
thing down at the bottom hem you just
want to take it and just snip that just
a little bit the settings on your
machine if you can see it stiffen turn
it this way
and what you want to do is set it on a
really tight but not small but a tight
zig-zag stitch so you see I'm turning
this down to almost 2:1 about between
one it is starting at the top or under
the armpit of each one you get right on
that edge that hem right there that
can't think of the words when I'm on
camera damn it
anyway you get right to the edge here
and you're going to sew right on there
make a nice clean edge
you see that clean edge that will make
this this outfit or whatever you're
making more durable
it makes it look neater it doesn't shred
or come apart as easy at the edges and
go all around each armpit from you know
from the opening the top to the other
side and just one time with this Titan
zigzag stitch and then we'll go on to
the next step
and the next thing since I'm going to
make a row edge him instead of folding
the hem over is the same thing you want
to go all around this bottom edge with
that tight zigzag and I actually I make
it a little even tighter when I do this
one just so that it looks a little
neater
you
you're going to fold ahem for this son
the casing for the lava for the ties and
the first one you want to say is a smile
you want to iron I'm sorry you want to
earn a small and just a little hem and
then you're going to take it and iron
iron down the big one you want it to be
about an inch I wouldn't want it to be
any more than that and if you have
excess like this that's going to go over
into the that's going to show on the
edge well I think my recommendation
would be to just go ahead and fold an
edge like that so that you don't get a
messy hangover yeah not that kind of
hangover though
and with this step you want to be right
that's pretty close to the edge of this
ham because you want enough room for the
casing I almost forgot to set my machine
to back to straight stitch
so the shoulder straps what we do is
take put one shoulder strap fold it
right sides facing together don't start
at the very top start about half an inch
from the top and I'll show you why in a
minute
all right our next step is going to be
to turn these out and if you want to use
the method that I showed in the purse
handle turning video you can do that but
would this have a no on interfacing in
it's really not that hard to get this
turned you just take a thick wooden
dowel and I say thick because if you use
a thin one and you may tear your fabric
okay now the next step of some the ties
and turn them inside out and right-side
out now have your own ready and these
ends that you got crap sorry oh I'm
trying to get this right I need a
cameraman you take these ends that you
left a little take each end and push it
down in there until you've got it even
you know you can feel this you can see
that it'll eventually do this right it
will lay kind of flat
all right and you just on that
you
so you do that with both of them and
what you'll do is go to the sewing
machine and just sew this end closed you
want to get a safety pin I need a bigger
one but they disappear my son uses them
sometimes to hold his pants up you just
put it in the end of this little the tie
for the dress and you start feeding it
through the casing
and there's two and you know it's going
to have a little bit of gather that you
want it to have that so you can just
gather this up a little bit and there
you go
pillowcase dress these ties are I think
a little short I would this is more of
going to be for like a one year old or a
two year old and so I'm probably going
to go and revise my pattern but it's a
good little pattern it's easy to make
and this is a good project for beginners
so let's see if I can get little Lily to
try it on and I will show you the
finished result okay so there is our
finished pillowcase dress you want to
turn around and model it for me Lily
quit sticking your tongue out
Lily turn around let me see the back