[Music]
[Music]
we are going to look to the major
difference between uh our trial with the
water box in elout and with a complete
new Nursery in the hydroponic system the
height of the nursery is 6 M and you can
see uh that the company is uh yeah Okay
it's 3 hectar it's it's 200 M wide we
are going to look the way they make
[Music]
tomatoes when you have a hopic system
the plant is growing on rock wool rock
wool that can contain water the plants
get very precisely water with the
dripping system a pen with an infus
every infus gives the same amount of
water every dripper can give 2 L an hour
and it's coming out of the tank outside
in this tank there is 300,000 L of water
it's 10 L a square meter so when we have
the hottest day in summer and all the
machines break down we have as uh uh
Assurance we have this tank we can give
the plants water all day and we can
solve the problem with the machines all
the N nutrients are inside so uh what
the plant needs is inside this water
it's a mix from water out of the soil
and drain water what's coming back out
of the greenhouse what is uh um
disinfected there is a a machine running
here a big generator of 2,000 horsepower
and he's making 1.5 megawatt of
electricity
half of the energy was put in uh the
machine uh needs
420 cubic M of gas an hour half of this
heat is waste so that's what we can use
in the greenhouse also the CO2 what's
coming out is used in the greenhouse
this tank contains 800,000 L of water
for the heating system during the day
when we don't need heat in the
greenhouse and we are uh making
electricity with the machine the machine
produce heat and it's stored in this
tank and during the night when we uh
want to have heat the machine is off and
we can take out the heat out of this
tank the temperature is going up to 90°
C in this
tank in this tube CO2 is coming from the
motor inside the greenhouse because we
want to have 500 ppms in inside the air
it's giving you 25% 20 25% more
production the plant is absorbing the
CO2 out of the air and when you put such
an amount of leaves inside the closed
house and you have all the elements like
sun water and temperature you need more
CO2 that's why we put in more CO2 in
this greenhouse the motor is producing
CO2 the boiler system is producing CO2
and CO2 is not going into the air during
the day but it's going into the
greenhouse and the tomatoes grow much
better with the CO2 the black tube is
the feeding water it's coming from the
tank outside so that's the water what
contains all the nutrients inside the
third one is the drain pipe the water
what's coming back what the plant got
too much it's coming back it's collected
inside the tank and it's uh mixed again
with the fresh water and coming back
again and the fourth one is the heating
tube now depending of the of the sun you
need a average temperature between 18
and
22° so you need a heating system to get
this to get this
temperature when you
compare the hydroponic system with the
system with the water box in elide you
have some huge uh differences
because
um when you heat the greenhouse you can
much earlier start with growing the
tomatoes the tomatoes here are put in
the greenhouse at the beginning of
December and they harvest till November
till the beginning of November and they
get up to 60 kilos a square
meter with the hydroponic system with
CO2 with fertilizers with a heating
system with everything on it a huge
Greenhouse very high very light and in
elide with the water box we have an old
Greenhouse from the older days from 30
years ago we have no fertilizer we have
um much less water we have uh no uh no
CO2 we have no heating system so we are
producing on a way they did 30 40 years
ago and we get an amount of tomatoes
between
10 between 8 and 12 kilos a square meter
that's what we get in elide but the
season is much shorter because we start
in April and we end in September when
you compare the amount of water with the
water box and out of the water box and
the hydroponic system you can say that
uh in El out with the no water box out
of the box just in the soil we are using
320 l of water a square meter in the Box
we are using 40 L uh a square meter and
here we are using
700 l a square meter of water that's
what you can compare with each other yes
okay in the hopic system the production
is much more higher but you when you
compare in the box and out of the box
320 L and 40 L yeah it's a big amount so
this is the the end of the season of the
the water box here you can see when you
put them in a plug you have a very very
nice primary root
[Music]
[Music]