but you're walking on me happy big bucks
Angela Barbie's idea show me a dot dot
dot hey guys welcome back to my channel
so today I'm gonna be making sawfish
with cabbage and carrot so I have my
basic ingredients here I have oil for
frying black pepper salt fish green bell
pepper red bell pepper onion garlic
cabbage and the carrot here so first
things first I have some water here
that's about to start boiling I'm just
gonna put the sole fish in it to boil
for about 25-30 minutes because I don't
want it to be completely unsalted but I
still want to get some of the soul out
of it so once that starts boiling I'm
gonna put the starfish in so what I'm
gonna do them right now while the water
is boiling is just cut the cabbage but I
think it's the whole thing so I'm just
going to put a decent piece all probably
gonna steam about this much so I have
some room temperature water here I have
some salt and butter just pour in some
salt in the water and then I'm gonna go
ahead and add the cabbage in this is
just to soak the cabbage to get rid of
like if there's like any worms or
anything like that any kind of like
earth animals earth animal it's not so
funny but if there's like any worms bugs
anything like that in the cabbage then
it would just go ahead and soak right
out something to mix it around a little
bit in the water and then just leave it
in the water while the sawfish is gonna
be boiling so what I started boiling so
now I'm about to take this whole fish
and then just add each piece
into the pot I gots that I'm gonna be
boiling this for like 25 30 minutes just
to get rid of the excess saltiness so
you want to make sure that you get rid
of all the seeds and the white in size
from the peppers before you start
chopping in so right now I'm just
basically making sure that everything is
like clean and then I'm gonna wash
everything and then chop them up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so once I finished like beasts
eaten the peppers and stuff and cutting
out the little white things insides and
this is what everything's looking like
and then I peeled up the carrots like
with a regular knife I have a regular
peeler but it kind of broke so when the
old-fashioned way just peel the carrots
with the knife so now I'm about to watch
everything and chop them up so I have
three cloves of garlic I have one red
pepper here one green bell pepper and
one full onion so this is all I'm gonna
use for the cabbage so it seems
everything is already washed right now
I'm about to just chop everything and
then just add it to this black bowl
right here so I'm gonna start with the
onion
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so once I finish cutting up all the
peppers the onions and the garlic I'm
gonna just kind of make like short
little strokes for the carrot you could
use a great some to UM grant the carrot
but I prefer to just make little small
strokes and just get like a little thin
pieces off this is how I like my carrots
when I made on cabbage and carrots so
just like you know lightly take like
little thin strokes off the carrot and
then yeah I think I said if you want it
like more finely done and then you could
definitely use the grater for it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you can make this as thick or as thin as
you want it just depends like some
additive preference but I prefer like
thinner strips of carrots whenever I
make money what do you love to do Meowth
cook I love listening to music and just
vibe what I cook comment below let me
know what's your favorite thing to do
why cuz you like Obama to music we like
a quiet kitchen kind of chef are you ok
so this is what the carrots look like
once I do shred it this is just one care
that you've seen this is the one carrot
shredded so now my cabbage is fully
soaked and now I've go ahead and just
cut it up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so I thought the pot getting hot
come buck so pour some oil I'm not using
a lot a lot of oil is gonna be steaming
anyway this is still kind of lightly
fried pepper is onion and so on so I'm
gonna allow this to fry for about five
minutes just to get kind of like sulfate
in and then I'm gonna go ahead and add
in the cabbage and the carrot mix that I
have right here and then the last thing
that I'm adding in is gonna be the salt
fish that I'm gonna pinch right here so
this could definitely be by itself like
you can make the you know cabbage and
carrot mix with the peppers and onions
and the garlic and just leave it like
that but then I'm adding in the stuff
each other like just that in a selfish
carmine but if you don't eat salt fish
or if you don't eat quite like need or
seafood or anything like that then you
could definitely just you know make it
like a lot veggie medley and just do the
cabbage and carrot by itself or the
peppers and everything
[Music]
so this has been cooking for about five
minutes and smelling so good and looking
really good soon people also add like
scotch bonnet peppers I don't have any /
- pepper right now so thank you I might
add in any plus my husband he don't like
spice so I would usually just add a
scotch bonnet pepper some mine after but
you will go ahead if you have scratch -
separate add it in with the rest of your
on your veggies so now I'm just adding
in the cabbage and the carrot
[Music]
[Applause]
so you're gonna just want to stir from
the bottom just to combine like the
peppers and stuff all together
so once you start everything he's gonna
turn the stove down because you do not
want this thing to burn you want it to
steam not burn so make sure that your
stove is on low prevent burning so just
stir until everything like I said is all
mixed in together well so fish is all
pinched like I said I boiled it for 30
minutes and then I just take it out of
the pot go to water off and then just
pinch it so now the next step is to just
add the salt fish in once the salt fish
is at an end I'm just going to go ahead
and mix everything all together just
like I was doing before just to combine
everything
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is so simple but so good like I
freaking love it you can go ahead and
have it with rice just like clean wet
race or you can have it with dumplings
bananas yam and other kind of hard foods
that's what we call in germy so we'll
call yam and stuff like that and don't
plant a banana and all that hard food so
you could go ahead and have it with rice
if you want to just do that simply but
if you want to just you know try
something new if you've never tried
dumplings and stuff dumplings and banana
oh my god it tastes so good with this so
once everything is combined nice as you
can see the next thing I'm gonna do is
just go ahead and sprinkle a little bit
of black pepper in just to give it that
nice little kick and especially I'm not
using scotch bonnet pepper the black
pepper is really good so just sprinkle
some all over and then once you sprinkly
it in then you're gonna go ahead and mix
in everything else together again well
you cook is all about just combining all
your flavors make sure that everything
is mixed in good
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so that looks good it smells
good so now I'm just gonna add literally
a tablespoon of water just to cover it
for it to steam down now I'm just mixing
everything over again and then I'm gonna
cover it and allow it to steam for about
fifteen minutes on medium to low heat
okay so now that is covered you see the
little water particles and stuff that's
gonna allow it to steam cuz you want to
cabbage just steam you don't want it to
fry or anything like that so medium to
low heat is perfect put a little bit of
water for it to just steam down at this
point it has been another five minutes
left the steam so I just came to make
sure that it's not sticking or anything
like that and it's kind of give it this
one final mix before I turn it off so
everything is clicking lovely small sole
video so I'm just gonna leave this cut
I'll cover it again and then let it just
steam for the remaining five minutes so
everything is looking good
everything smelling good so now I'm just
gonna leave it as I work on some
dumplings and bananas to have with it
[Music]
[Applause]
my money your tec-9s up
Mila bidipi no mija I got a right guy in
a girl