spring rolls are fun and great to make
at home there but there are a couple of
things to keep in mind when making your
spring roll having the prawns and the
porkloin as the first layer helps to
prevent sharper ingredients like your
bean sprouts from puncturing the rice
paper the key with spring rolls is
getting a little bit of flavors from
each ingredient so you don't need a lot
of quantity which will make it difficult
to roll I always start by folding in the
corners take from the bottom and fold
over you want to make sure that you're
applying just enough pressure If you
roll your spring roll too tight it might
cause the ingredients to puncture the
rice paper but you also want to make
sure that you're rolling your spring
roll tight enough so that when you bite
into the spring roll the ingredients
don't just fall out