Chris we want a curry duck listen I've
already done Curry duck Chris
caribbeanpot.com Vibes and up in the
kitchen as usual today we're doing
roasted duck oven preheating we've got
some nice seasonings to go on that duck
then low and slow you're going to like
this one man change up thing you have to
eat Curry every day roasted duck let we
go first step is to prepare the actual
duck and what I've gone ahead and done
and in the sink here I don't know if you
guys can see it I trimmed off all that
most of the fat and skin and stuff like
that that's just the oven coming up to
temperature 350째 so
350째 is what you're going to have to
preheat it at and then you want to take
some paper towels I've washed it
thoroughly in and out remove the package
of the neck and inard that's in inside
the cavity there remove that you can
make a stock with that that's cool um
rinse it with cold water and all you
want to do now is dry it under here all
I did was I tucked the wings under still
got some water
here but that's what you want to do so
far then I'm using a bamboo skewer here
and you want to pre the skin don't go
down to the meat just try to to get to
and this has a pointed edge here you can
use a fork anything with a point and you
really want to stop
this anywhere there's a bunch of fatty
tissue like all the way over
here that's going to help most of the
fat to render out now let's get to
seasoning the actual
duck you're going to need half of an
orange some thick slices of Ginger some
fresh thyme Chinese five spice powder a
couple
scallion um garlic salt
and staran can't believe I almost forgot
the name of
this I've already seasoned the cavity
here with salt and pepper black pepper
and then we're going to go in with some
of that orange
slices
ginger
scallion I just want to top that all the
way in there and this is going to help
fragrant this bird from inside out
garlic
fresh thyme and I'm just going to keep
working my way stuffing it and you going
to put about two of these um staran in
there as well that's going to help
because it's going to work well with the
Chinese five spice powder that we're
using it's going to help flavor it from
the outside and the spice powder is
going to help it from the from the
inside and it's going to help from the
outside with the Chinese five spice
powder I'm just going to continue
stuffing it with the rest of the
ingredients that I have here
since this duck is going to render out a
lot of fat it is probably best to roast
it on a rock so if you have any sort of
rock that you can elevate it above the
bottom of this container here um this
baking dish it would be perfect I don't
have one so later on I will drain that
fat out to help achieve the same thing
now on the outside we're going to go in
with a good dose of salt as
well black pepper
and it's now time for that Chinese five
spice powder just going to work that in
and then I'm going to massage it with my
hands just like so with my fingers
actually my
hands you really want to give it a good
dose of this it's going to really flavor
it all those nice
spices and basically all you're doing
now is putting that into the oven
350째 on the middle rack
it's been about 45 minutes in the oven
now I just want to quickly show you guys
something why I said it would probably
be best to to do this on a rack if I
were to tip this
down let see this is just ton of duck
fat here so what I usually do I remove
it and I set it aside I keep it for when
I'm roasting potatoes that is delightful
when you're doing roasted potatoes
so there you go friends my oven roasted
duck this was about a 5 lb duck it took
about 2 hours so you average about 22
minutes per pound you want to get the
internal temperature if you have one of
those um thermometers you can go into
the thickest part either in the leg or
or between the legs here or in the the
breast and you want to get about
175째 I took grease out that duck fat
about three times so you want to keep
taking that out chrisy caribbeanpot.com
not a Caribbean recipe so it will be
posted on Chris dear rosa.com if you're
looking for something to print
[Music]
[Music]