for today's fox food segment we have our
friend tracy carlson here from the
melting pot in downtown colorado springs
john had to make his way over here of
course yeah i'm usually done by like 8
15.
you came running so
you actually have some fondue tips for
us to celebrate valentine's day and
national chocolate fondue today which
is today cheers yeah so let's celebrate
this is a big month i assume for you
guys at the melting pot right yeah
coming up actually huge month i mean
we're celebrating about 10 days from the
7th to about the 16th and of course the
weekend is huge
um we have a wonderful meal um four
course and a little nice gift to go home
so we're still feeling nice we're still
filling in the days all right so people
um have heard of fondue but you know
what actually is it what's the history
or you know the definition if you will
well fondue and french means to melt and
basically it was started from the
chocolate part which started from a
swiss guy back in new york city in the
1960s and he kind of is a chef from
switzerland and wanted to bring that
touch in and
he created chocolate fondue and all the
goodies and ever since it's hit
worldwide okay so i know there's cheese
fondue there's chocolate fondue right
you've got some chocolate doesn't matter
is there a certain kind of chocolate
does some melt faster than others or can
you do it wrong because i don't think
you can i honestly think it's just i
think the double boiler is your killer
point right here if you get one of those
fondue pots that are electric it might
burn your chocolate yeah you want to go
too hot like we're a little hot right
now but it's the steam is the better
element okay so if you can find yourself
a double pot you know it's it's a great
way to go with steam okay and then it
melts it nice and evenly
not long i mean you can just get a dif a
bunch of different flavors at the melt
or at any store or the melting pot we
can sell those too and you can take them
home get all the brownies and goodies
and then you can pretty much give
anything anything right all right
give us some advice if we want to try to
do this at home i'm going in yeah you go
in now so
i don't think you're supposed to stick
well you can bring your favorite just
tip it in and then you would go to your
plate etiquette wise and use your other
forms and it's hot so you want to let it
it's hot
so what i recommend for home viewers is
basically to
get a bunch of different chocolates get
all the goodies that you like and and
really let it melt slowly right
um because that already has sugar in it
but on your cheese this is the key
everybody
everybody has cheese fondue at home and
they end up coagulating it what you want
to do is add a little bit of flour or a
little bit of cornstarch and it just
stops the coagulation from happening and
then you can actually enjoy it but
people get so frustrated just come to
the melting pot we'll take care of it
right we'll clean up we'll clean up all
right so what is your favorite i mean
what did you bring i mean you have so
many different things because it is
national chocolate right on two days so
chocolate fondue day two day every year
on the calendar um we have strawberries
which are really popular with chocolate
all the different fruits we also have
cake what is that yeah that was like
that is a pump or a caramel cheesecake
so you can try that these are guff rats
these are little
rolled up things
yeah we got all kinds of goodies and
marshmallows and bananas i was going to
ask if we could try this now but yeah
it's already starting
to
try forgiveness later so do people they
need to make reservations correct
absolutely um for friday saturday and
sunday we are selling tickets that's
right okay selling tickets so we don't
have any notions wow oh yeah wow every
year we do it but then for birthdays and
ideas for celebrations
situation everything if i could everyone
come in for their birthday we're all
good it's great i've been there not in a
while i think i need to
stop by all right you have a website too
right
meltingpot.com and then click on
colorado springs all right there it is
on your screen thank you so much you're
welcome happy fondue day
we lost one here we go i know you can
lose them