a blocked drain like this can be a real
problem especially to the downpour of
rain it could end up flooding your
property it is incredibly easy to fix
this all you need is a set of drain we
are just going to set you back about
twenty or thirty pounds you call
somebody out to unblock the drain line
art you're going to be looking at about
seventy pounds plus parts you can see
that the water in the drain is draining
away really slowly if I fill it up using
the oil pipe you'll see that the water
actually steers a dream to where
extremely slowly you can see that was
just not draining away from the fast
enough this is a really easy fix you
just need a set of drill rods like this
please screw in in a right-handed thread
sort of a normal thread whatever you do
with these never put them down on a
drain and turn them anti-clockwise
because they will unscrew and you'll get
them stuck down the drain to fix this
we're going to need a four inch rubber
plunger which normally comes with the
drain valve kit simply screw that on the
end
like saw and also need to do is use a
screwdriver to lift the cover up we can
then take the plunger and plunge it down
the four inch hole when you do this the
I drop it pressure will actually push
any debris that's down there out of the
way it's always do is push that in there
and give it a few shots sharp verse
whatever you do when it's down there do
not turn it anti-clockwise
you may just need some more Walter Delma
so you can see that that plunger is a
really good fit down that whole nut
creates the hydraulic action but then
forces any debris that's in there down
the drain
you can now see that no matter how much
water I pour in no it always actually
drains away because the drain is now
unblocked
we can I just set the cover and place
that bike reposition