hey everybody today I'm gonna show you
how to make some country style fried
okra and it is real easy first thing you
wanna do is chop your okra a couple of
cups and put it in a bowl of milk and
let it soak for a few minutes okay now
and another Bowl here we're gonna add
one cup of yellow cornmeal half a
teaspoon of salt that's what I use and
1/2 teaspoon of black pepper and then I
had another 1/2 teaspoon of cayenne
pepper which is optional
ok y'all you could add more of it first
and then all you want to do is stir it
up rookie with you fork all right and
then when you get her stirred up real
good we're gonna introduce our okra but
not the milk just the okra that's been
in the milk into the cornmeal mixture
okay now get your fork and just move
them around real good don't break them
up you know don't rough them up too much
but it's real easy to give them get them
completely covered in cornmeal okay and
as you can see he probably could have
got away with three cups there if you
wanted to you know what I mean or maybe
even four if you really stretched it so
you know you can make about as much of
this as you want okay on the cheap quick
and easy all right now we're gonna go to
a little skillet with pretty good hot
grease in it I'm gonna dump the babies
in there just like so oh yeah baby and
then we're gonna get our little slotted
something I use a little metal thing I
probably shouldn't but I do
and stir these babies around okay kind
of shake them up make sure they're not
sticking there you go just like that and
they cook really really fast we're
talking two or three minutes you know
unless you want them really Brown and I
do like mine very crispy as you can see
I'm gonna hang with this a little bit
and just show you how I cook them and
make them really nice and crunchy
all right so you just keep them moving
around just like so I mean you don't
move them all the time you just don't
let them sit in one spot and burns what
I'm saying okay and then there you go
that's just about how crunchy I like
mine right there and just use that same
slotted utensil to get them out and I
move them to a bowl that's got a couple
of paper towels that are folded up in it
just like that and there's not a lot of
grease but it absorbs it real well and
that is canola oil by the way in case I
forgot to tell you and crunchy and
delicious Oh baby
I mean to tell you folks I hope you give
this a try it's really easy really quick
five minutes if you buy it back cut it
up you can do it in four minutes know
what I'm saying
just get your grease hot on top of your
stove
you ever try nothin to it and you can't
salt it more if you want to at the end
but I would test it a little bit you
know with a half teaspoon in the mixture
you know prior to salting it after it's
being cooked okay so y'all folks have a
super super day okay bye