hi guys welcome back to my channel I am
Danny co-founder and head Baker of Vita
bakery Villa bakery is 100% vegan and
gluten-free shop in London and is the
most elation thing ever
we make all kinds of beautiful cakes
cupcakes brownies cookies anything you
can imagine that is delicious so today
I'm going to show you your walls ask
question how do we start our cakes
together how do we make them look so
pretty so professional so even all of
that so if you're new to my channel
please go and check our baking videos I
explain you how to divide the cake
batter in the cake teens how to do it
and it also you can try our recipes
because our recipes don't really grow as
much and they don't have that dome that
some people have when they bake their
cakes so our cakes are pretty naturally
flat so that's a good thing and maybe
it's because they're gluten-free maybe
it's because the recipes we use our
racing agents I don't really know but
it's the way they are and that's why you
like them so much so today I'm going to
show you my personal favorite which is
the marble cake the marble cake is a
beautiful combination of vanilla and
chocolate cake so basically you do one
vanilla mix one chocolate mix and then
you scoop one all the time in the teams
if you want me to show you how to do
that just let me know in the comments
below that you're interested in the
marble cake and I just make a video it's
not complicated I would love to share it
with you so for this recipe what you're
going to need is a beautiful plate so
where you're going to put your ready
cake and then I always use these lazy
susan or rotating table it's just the
easiest thing when you are decorating a
cake you're going to need an ice cream
scoop this is just for you to use
exactly the same amount of frosting in
each layer so that way you also make
sure the layer
even you need a bread knife or serrated
knife and this is just to make the
layers extra even if you have any domes
or any anything you want to remove just
remove with this kind of knife is really
useful and my favorite thing every
little offset spatula you have a little
berry good control and I love using this
size so if you take your cake decorating
path serious I'll recommend getting one
of these or a couple and then I like to
be quite organized if possible so just
have a little ball on the side where you
can strain the excess of your cake or
anything any crumbs or anything like
that it's just helpful so I have a
ready-made
cake this is completely cooled down and
it's ready to be baked to be decorated
and then I have some chocolate frosting
I have some videos that are hard to do
use chocolate frosting and vanilla
frosting so just make sure you check
them out if I know how to do it I'm
gonna leave them here or I just put a
link in the description box or you can
just find them in my channel and today
I'm going to show you how to pour
beautiful ganache on top of the cakes so
how to do those chocolate drips that you
guys absolutely love because I know that
so yeah I also have a little video how
to do ganache so you can go into that as
well first things first
just take your cream and if you are
transporting this cake or you are having
at home doesn't really matter just
always put tiny bit of cream in the
bottom so the first layer is nice and
secure there it holds and then take your
cake this cake has four layers so it's
quite a full cake it can be whatever
that you need at home four five six
three only two whatever you find most
comfortable so you can see this little
shiny part that's the caramelized sugar
that was on top so here's what I'm going
to remove with my knife you know just
this tiny bit you don't really waste
much you know so I make the cake nice
and bright and when you cut it you don't
have any darker patches anywhere so you
just remove that
[Music]
and then we move it everywhere else
just tiny B I'm not really taking much
of the sponge it shows a little bit that
way you make sure is nice and flat and
even which is something I know you
always ask if you're not too comfortable
using a knife I know there are some
tools that they sell that they are
really complicated to me so if you don't
know how to do it so quickly just do a
little by needle and then it will make
you feel and then make sure your arm is
nice and straight and then you're
supporting yourself with the plate so
you don't go like this and then destroy
your cake
so if you are not very experienced with
cake decorating this is really useful
both for scooping butter or even to
measure frosting so you have exactly the
same amount so just poop some frosting
on your cake this is a large ice cream
scoop and then from the center on
drop your cream all the way
[Music]
to the corners or the edge and then also
here you want to make sure your cream is
pretty flat and even so this is what
it's been allowed the cakes to be nice
and flat on top I like padding always
tiny bit more than the scoop you know
just for extra flavor and deliciousness
our ratios to sponge to preemies why I
don't know the ratio but we normally
have this function and just tiny bit of
cream and and we that's how we stack our
cakes together if you like more cream
some people like to have like a lot of
crema almost the same amount of sponging
cream just add some more whatever you
want is your cake so I'm gonna put the
next one
[Music]
and I'm gonna even it out
and obviously these little scrapes
doesn't have to go to waste you can do a
popsicle
you can press them you can then let them
dry a little bit and then sprinkle on
top of the cake you don't have to put
them in the vein if you don't want to
you can eat them as you go or if the
cake is not for you you can try and see
if it's what you wanted so you know what
you're selling or you're offering to
your friends and families something that
you're proud of
right and then we do the same thing
again
so I scoop a little bit more than I
scoop just gonna take it now and then
from the center can you see I'm not
really moving my wrists much I'm just
moving I'm doing this kind of movement
and then I'm helping myself with the
rotating table I'm not going like these
I'm not going like these I'm just with
my arm in the same position I just got
the cream where I want it to be and the
speed of the table is really what's
gonna help me a big deal so that's why I
recommend the table so my arm mostly
stays in the same position and my wrist
doesn't really move issues you know this
kind of motion and then that's over
second layer and disco is the first
[Music]
here you want to make sure they're nice
and straight one on top of the other
your cream also needs to be quite firm
so if you are in a hot weather just put
it in the fridge for a little bit you
don't want a super melt set cream
because that's not going to allow the
cake to be straight
[Music]
I like decorating cakes when they are
let's say a day off a day old that just
means the sponge is less crumbly and you
know it's nice and firm
some people like adding some syrup to
their cakes so you can do like some
sugar water and then place your cakes
with it we don't really use that but if
you are doing the cakes say like three
or four days before you're actually
gonna consume them I recommend having
some kind of curd or jam or something
like that so it's going to keep your
cake moist
there and I'm quite happy with us I just
clean my plate so it's nice and tidy and
then that's it the last one
[Music]
to make sure is what it should be
[Music]
there you go so as you saw ID like one
scoop all the way going up and now I'm
going to do three scoops so I finished
the cake
metal-on-metal dango
right so the way I like doing my clicks
is to have access on the top and then
work the move and then work all the way
around it so some people like putting
lots of cream on the edges and then make
that nice and beautiful but I like it
like from the top all the way down so
it's the same movement if you see I'm
using both of my hands so I'm rotating
here and I'm just guiding the cream so
from the center to the edges I want I
want to create like this effect like
almost for the cream to start falling
but because it's a perfect temperature
is not falling bus is holding then don't
bother about that top yet you just want
to guide it to the edges and then what
you want to do is take the excess and
guide it so it covers the cake and that
is already halfway there so this step
doesn't have to be pretty doesn't have
to be perfect none of that just covering
the cake and you see how I have pretty
much exactly the amount I needed so
that's because I measure the scoops so
once you get to know your cakes you will
know exactly how much cream you need so
you know how much you do all of that
so make sure most of the gaps are
covered so I I make sure the cake is
pretty much covered and what I'm going
to do now is leave my spatula in my arm
in the same position and then with the
help of the speed of the table is why
it's gonna make it neat so just like
this I pressure tiny with what I see is
needed and then that's it I let go so
I'm just gonna do it again just to make
sure the cake is covered and it's pretty
and all that yummy cream gets there
okay and then I spit up with my left or
like with the hand in the table and then
I go it up and then that's it I'm pretty
happy with this and then you can use
your bowl scrape your spatula as best as
you can your offset spatula because
obviously cream on cream stick to each
other so you want this part to be clean
and then just correct this little marks
you see you know Vice cake don't lose
your mind about it just enjoying it it's
gonna be the war in two seconds so just
make the best you can and that's it so
I'm gonna start again from the bottom
trying not to take too much cream off
[Music]
there
I'm pretty happy with it honestly if you
keep going keep going you're gonna keep
scraping off the cream and you're gonna
spend hours and hours and hours trying
to have no marks so if you're not really
familiar with this tool and you don't
really know how much pressure to put in
your arm and all of that I recommend you
using the cake scraper so let me show
you what that is this is your cake
scraper normally I recommend having
obviously the same height as the cake so
that will prevent for having extra marks
but for some reason I've using this baby
for ever and ever and ever is the first
paper I've ever got and I've never
changed even like massive wedding cakes
or anything that I always find myself
using this one so I'm sure you are the
same at home you always have one little
thing is your favorite and this one is
pretty helpful to me even though it's
not the tallest okay you spray forever
so what you going what you want is to
put the pressure on your plate or your
cake board whatever you set your cake is
being percentage put the pressure there
and then remove it with your left smooth
the table and you don't really move this
just with the table and then you're
gonna create a perfect finish hope I'm
being very helpful and spinning pretty
well if not just let me know and I do
another video it is no problem so let's
try that if you can see very closely I
barely have any marks issues to make an
extra finished extra professional extra
being a big three kind of thing so let's
do that
[Music]
can you see how I'm not moving my hand
my right hand I mean the one where I
hope they scraper
right I'm quite happy with this like
honestly cake decorating is like in any
relationship sometimes you have to let
go let the other person be just let your
cake be you do your best and that's all
you can do so as you can see I have
still all these exits around here so
what you're going to do is help yourself
in a little bowl clean your offset
spatula do you want to can you beat
tissue that's fine
whatever you find best and then what
you're going to do is brown the excess
take it and drag it to the center and
clean it and that's where you're gonna
do all the way around drag it clean move
on just when you left off just start
again drag
so
try not to have excess on here
[Music]
just drive it to the middle
to the meter
just put the pressure and drag it you
don't really want to create anything
just this
clean finish
[Music]
and then just something that makes you
happy all those bubbles and crumbs are
absolutely fine don't worry about them I
think I'm pretty happy with what I have
and then I know what the final look is
going to be so for example if I had this
little crack here this little bubble or
whatever I know it's gonna be covered by
the chocolate ganache so I'm not gonna
lose my mind trying to fix it because
then I'm gonna open another one or
another one so just bear in mind what
you want your cake to look so if you are
going to put ganache on top or lots of
cookies or something like that
just don't waste your time making it
perfect if you're gonna cover it anyways
as I said I'm going to use my beautiful
chocolate ganache to decorate this cake
and make those beautiful chocolate trips
so what you need is your ready-made
ganache make sure you check that video
so when your ganache looks like this
no really awesome you know if you put in
the cake it's not gonna be nice and even
when he's falling because the coconut
oil just gets a little bit cold so
either you can prep it and have it in
the fridge and melt it over a saucepan
and a tiny bit of milk or you can just
do it like half an hour before and have
it at room temperature so can you see
the texture is so beautiful so to this
I'm going to add tiny bit tiny bit of
milk and they are gonna see how the
texture changes just tiny bit at the
time so that's one teaspoon and then I'm
gonna give it a good whisk with gently
you have to do it at home because it's a
matter of feeling it but can you see how
much glossy and shiny it is it's very
very different from the previous
structure the previous one was like one
big flop boom and then this one the
ribbons are really really fine and then
it gets incorporated really easily so
again some people like to put this in a
bottle and then guide it and stuff like
that I like to give it a little more
like abstract natural organic look so
what I do is I put it in the center and
then I guide it and then you just Falls
and do whatever he wants to do so that's
why I'm gonna do with you today guys
and that you have to move fast so from
the center move it all the way around so
what you want to create is that those
beautiful drapes
just guide them very gently but just
like the way they're not really for I
think there are the most beautiful
if you see Massacre for something that
doesn't happen OSH just you know for
example let me show you I'm pretty happy
let's say here right so either you can
take tiny bit more or just guide it but
you have I don't want to create any
marks so what you can do is to you know
[Music]
guide it there and that way you can
control there you go
nice beautiful there so this is where
you cake looks like and obviously you
are not going to not use this beautiful
spread of chocolate frosting so why you
can do is to take a little piping bag
and take whatever muscle you have I love
using this French nozzle like open stars
this one is wheels on 32 but they all
have different names depending on their
Brown so whatever you like best
then take your glass and then open
so here you have your piping that your
chocolate frosting make sure you have no
waste all of that needs to be eaten
I have another video of how to decorate
a cake and I do similar kind of piping
around the cake so make sure you check
that one out because it's just my
favorite type of piping so with this
nozzle is already gonna be so pretty
because just make it any shape super
pretty so what you do is you do a little
gloss and then you drag it and that's my
absolute favorite fighting technique so
blow up and drag and you keep going
[Music]
you can do all kinds of designs whatever
makes your heart happiest I love this
one and in my opinion cake is not paid
without some sprinkles so I always love
to sprinkle some sprinkles I also have a
video of our vegan sprinkles we have
food coloring all of that stuff so you
can go and check it out if you have any
doubts or if not just ask me in the
comment section below and I will help
you out so the more the merrier
I love sprinkle yes yes yes
no matter what kind of cake is it I
always think a few here and there so
let's cut this monster and see how
beautiful the layers are how even it is
and how the frosting is working
[Music]
yeah so good oh yeah
this is what I call a layer cake I think
is pure perfection so let me explain you
the layers are all nice and even and
they're all the same and that's where
you always ask so as I said before we
like having just a tiny bit of cream we
don't want excess amount of cream or
like massive amounts to frame in between
the layers if you like a little bit more
cream just feel free to add more when
you are putting the cake together but
this is how our cakes looks like and you
always ask how we make them and
hopefully this video helped you to
understand the process is putting a cake
together so this is it from me then if
you have any questions whatsoever make
sure you ask them in the comment
sections below I'm always checking for
questions you can always go and follow
us on vida bakery
so there we post our cakes new designs
all of those kind of things so if you
try this at home also tag us on Villa
bakery or than even sweeter
so because we just love cake and cake
decorating and we love sharing with you
guys and seeing what you do at home and
that's the whole point of this channel
so I hope you enjoy this and I'll see
you next time bye bye
[Music]