so today we are doing a highly requested
video from you guys cuz on one my videos
when I was cleaning my engine bay I
asked you guys should I make a video on
cleaning the cold air intake and that is
what we are gonna do and in order to do
that we are gonna have to go to auto
zone which we are here right now that's
where I get all my stuff you could go to
any auto parts store like or something
like that but I'm at autozone right now
let's go in let's get the supplies we
need to clean this cold air and take
filter all right boys here it is the
recharger from Kayne and this is exactly
what we need right here
one thing about having a car that you're
building you got a park far away so that
nobody be hitting you with their doors
and scratching your paint look how good
she looks
mmm Sally your booty amazing all right
so I just came out of autozone and I
picked up the Katyn and recharger 4 year
air filter as you saw previously here is
a better look just to tell you guys
everything about this buck when I first
wanted to clean my cold air intake I
thought I had to have a cane and filter
to use the cane and charger but that was
incorrect you can use the cane and
recharger for any type of cold air
intake I have the glt series 3 and this
will work perfectly fine any recharger
will do good as well this was thirteen
dollars and one cent that is what you
need this is the red oil spray as you
can see right here you could get the
black oil the blue oil or the red oil
for the one in autozone they only have
this particular recharger which gives
off the red oil which goes perfectly
because the JLT series three color in
tech that i have came red so Nate how
often do you got to clean this filter
well it really depends in this case my
filter is not too bad I just recharged
it about three weeks ago or four weeks
ago around a month and it is looking
good right now
it really depends on the climate irin in
California it's pretty dry and dusty and
it does get dirty pretty fast but in
other places around the world it really
depends on where you are because the
condition of the weather determines on
how fast your cold air intake filter
will get dirty I recommend
be charging your cold air intake filter
at least four times a year one in the
beginning of every season that is like
my go-to time slot whenever I'm cleaning
my engine bay doing a deep clean on the
exterior and stuff like that it is
wonderful to really go into your car and
do all the maintenance you need to do I
like my car performing the best and
looking the best so usually I do it
every time I do an oil change which is
every 5,000 miles that is doing the
extreme but that's just me you may be
the same way I don't know you don't have
to clean it but cleaning the quarter
intake filter really determines on how
much the engine sucks and it does
determine some horsepower and I want all
the power that I could get so I keep my
filter clean so now that I told you all
of the information that you need to know
about the filter let's go home and clean
it alright guys so we are at home now
all we have to do is take the cold air
filter off of the actual cold air intake
by just unscrewing this and they'll pop
right out
[Music]
so we are going to finish this video
outside because it is better lighting
than in my garage but I have the cold
air intake filter right here as well as
the kit right here so let's go ahead and
finish this one thing that I really do
want to mention is that when you do
clean the filter you want to make sure
you have a good at least four to six
hours when you do clean this because we
do have to let it dry completely in one
of the steps
whenever I clean my filter I usually do
it at nighttime when I know I'm not
going to be driving my car so I can let
the filter dry overnight just to point
that out to you guys when you are
cleaning the filter alright so the first
thing we are gonna do is take the cane
in a power cleaner basically this is
just a degreaser to take the oil off of
the filter you could see the black spots
there and what we are going to do is
spray this entire air filter until it is
coated with a degreaser and we're gonna
let it sit for about 10 to 15 minutes
before we rinse it off with a hose don't
forget to shake it up
and then I am also gonna spray inside of
the quarter and take as well alright so
this is covered in the degreaser let it
do its thing wait about ten minutes or
so and actually we forgot to do the top
so let's go ahead and spray some
degreaser on the top of the cold air
intake all right now we have the full
cold air intake drenched in the
degreaser now let's wait ten minutes to
rinse it off a few moments later alright
so the filter has been soaking for about
ten minutes and now we are going to take
a hose we are gonna do it on the shower
mode we don't want a powerful flow of
water we just want something nice and
gentle to take off the degreaser on the
cold air intake filter and what we are
gonna want to do is only spray from the
inside to out not outside to end because
you're just gonna be drawing dirt back
inside and just takes a light hose you
don't really need a nozzle you could do
this just with the plain hose I have
this to help me out and basically we are
just going to spray inside and take all
of the oil out you could see all of the
oil the red oil trench
all right boys now you could see the
full color change to like eight gray you
could still see the red in it I'm going
to do the degreaser one more time
because it should take out all of the
color on the cold air intake so I'm
going to repeat the steps one more time
so I could get all of the oil out and
we'll see how if it changes color or not
all right and then you have it after the
second time with the degreaser it is
like a grayish you could still see a bit
of red kind of not really I got most of
it out you can see the difference the
before and after so now we are just in
the drying process and this could take a
very long time it is a time-consuming
task to do so you just got to be patient
so I am gonna go and set this out in the
Sun I'm gonna go have some dinner and
hopefully it gets dry later on tonight
so I can Rio it and then put it back on
my car but basically we are almost done
with this full process it's super easy
this is the only long part and yeah so
let's let this baby dry it's looking
pretty good so far
protip right now so if you do not want
to wait and you want to get a dry as
soon as possible sometimes I use my
mom's hair dryer to dry out my air
filter make sure it is on the cold
setting on the cool power on the low
setting as well because you don't want
the heat at high power it could damage
the air filter but just letting you guys
know that you can do that and it will
speed up the process or if you have a
fan just point the fan straight to it
and it will hurry up the process as well
but in this case I'm gonna take my time
I have absolutely nowhere to go I'm
letting it dry out in the Sun and when
it's completely drying I'm just gonna
oil it from there on out so now let's
just wait and go to the next step we are
back and it is the next morning so a
good morning and we have the cold air
intake completely dry as you can see
right here I let it dry for about 12
hours or so and you could just see the
it's completely dry you can still see
the little red in it it's not completely
great but we are going to change that
right now we have the second bottle in
the kit the oil yeah so we have this and
we are just going to spread it on to the
cold air intake to get it nice and oiled
up we're gonna pop it up and we're gonna
shake it and we are going to apply it
evenly between the grooves right here
and we're going to apply it until we get
this nice
even finish upon all the grooves all
around the full intake so let's get
right into it
[Music]
alright guys and there you have it a
nice even apply of the oil and you could
see the full difference look how fresh
and new this cold air intake looks I
love it I usually follow this little
line right here start to finish like all
around and then I just keep on spraying
until I see this little gray line again
that's what usually directs me when I
apply the oil but just make sure that
you have a nice even finish all around I
may apply some here in there because I
do see some missing spots and then we
are also gonna get the top of the cold
air intake filter as well so let me just
finish up really fast alright boys so
this filter is pretty much all the way
and you can see it looks like brand-new
out of the box as though you were to get
a cold air intake now I'm gonna let this
set for about 20 minutes and then I'm
going to install it onto my car and then
we should be good to go all right boys
and here we have a brand new fresh out
of the oven
the recharged cold air intake filter on
the sting again looking beautiful this
will bring the most power out of your
car now that it's fresh and clean and
can suck all the cold air that it
desires that was all that I have for you
today the cold air intake filter clean
was very simple kind of time consuming
but anybody can do it with a clean
engine bay it sure does look beautiful
plus I just waxed Sally and she is
looking good as well it's time for a
photo shoot from her because she is just
looking good all around I hope you
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you slam that like button subscribe for
more and as always have yourself a
wonderful day
[Music]