hello this is Texas style cuisine I'm
chef Johnny and today I'm gonna be
barbecuing up some chicken leg quarters
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'll tell you what before we get these
going I also want to remind you to
subscribe my channel if you like BBQ if
you like grilling seafood pork beef you
name it we try to get it out on the
grill we make sausage we do all kinds of
things so if you enjoy that kind of
stuff go down there and hit that
subscribe button make sure you click the
notification bell but also if you like
technical work from a chef you're still
at the right channel so please subscribe
and let's get to looking and seeing how
we make up our chicken leg quarters you
get start on this chicken which you
Minhaj didn't short by but just a
six-inch boost off chef's knife and what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take this
chicken you can see here's his here's
his tail so what I do is so when I work
my chickens what I really do is I get
rid of the tail and just any extra fat
that's on them so kind of move this
there's his tail I'm gonna cut it off
and if you'll flip it over here usually
there's a tag of skin or a big ball of
fat right there and if there is I'll
take that fat off see that right there
that's what I cut off I go right there
but I've got a dozen leg quarters to get
ready here so let me finish getting
these done and then we'll get back with
you
focus our season these LED quarters up
and what I do is I just take my chicken
rub and I'll put this recipe in the
description for you got it right there
just give them Kody good all the way
around that's kind of what they looked
like but put them down shake it on cut
them nice and well can I tell you what
this is a this is a good blend it is
just paprika pepper salt seasoning salt
garlic chili powder some oregano so not
a whole lot to it but puts a really good
flavor on my chickens so anyways let me
finish getting these seasoned up and
then I'll show you the next step
chickens are all season so all I'm going
to do is I'm going to take them and I'm
gonna put them back in a ziplock bag and
if you uh let these sit for a while I
think it penetrates this flavor and your
chicken legs chicken breast whatever
you're cooking a little better I
actually like to let them sit overnight
if I have time to all season them up the
day before and so I'm sit on in
overnight and then cook them the next
morning
he gives us a little better flavor but
there we go chickens ready
squeeze the air out that's done all
right got my hands washed up so now I
can handle the bag a little bit better
but what we're gonna do is is we're
going to put this bag back into the
refrigerator let it sit for a couple
hours and then I'll get my chickens on
here a little bit been about two hours
our chickens have been marinating in
their seasoning so what we're gonna do
now is get this pin maker open and see
if we can get jingle you see I've got a
tray underneath where my chickens are
gonna go I like to try under the kitchen
juices these chickens cook best up on
this top shelf what I do is I put them
on that top shelf and then I just put
those pans down there to catch any
drippings off of them just so they don't
drip on everything else we're gonna get
these on here
got a dozen of them get them cooking and
they'll go about 90 minutes and then
we'll get them off in but to see how
good our chickens look they are all on
there so let's close it up we're gonna
check these chickens they are looking
pretty check temperature on these
chickens 169 okay we're good take these
chickens off and what I do is I don't
the same way I do my regular chicken I'm
gonna pull them all off and then I'm
going to sauce them we put them back on
just for oh five or ten minutes long
enough to let it set the sauce now let
me get these off and then we'll show you
how we put the sauce off now we're gonna
get this chicken and I'm gonna salt it
up
I always I don't put heavy sauce on
there just a light glaze one of my leg
quarters I always season both sides of
them so I'll take four of these put them
in there just coat them like that then I
take a brush and just pin it out I don't
want to I don't want it big I don't want
a goopy don't want a whole lot if you
want to thin your sauce down even a
little bit put a little butter with it
in it nothing wrong with that at all
either that sides done pick them up turn
them over
[Music]
and they got a darn pretty color on me
anyway we got good smoke on them today
[Applause]
in the mouth
[Music]
[Applause]
now let's show you how I get these back
on the pit we'll put those on there and
then I'll do the other ones and we'll
show you them to you when they're coming
off the pit here we go again we're going
back to this top shelf with them
[Music]
they started to cool down a little bit
we got everything off of it so got our
chickens back on there we're gonna put
them on let the sauce set then we'll get
them back off and they'll be ready for
service chickens have been on there
about 10 minutes so we're gonna get them
off and if you look more they are nice
and shiny they are beautiful beautiful
looking pieces of chicken colors
fantastic on them these are going to
taste great the key to have a nice juicy
chicken is temperature run them up 165
to 170 on these leg quarters and they
are not gonna be dried out on you
where we got a little carryover cooking
so they're gonna get a little hotter
than that even
nice nice pretty pretty chicken we'll
take and cut into a piece and let y'all
see that see how it turned out tonight
let's take this and see if we can cut
this leg in half right there that is a
pretty looking drumstick
that meat is nice and moist it's gonna
taste fantastic
it is try
great great leg let's look at this style
now
pulls right off the bone nice and moist
it is not dried out very very flavorful
try a visa to die thanks for stopping by
Texas style cuisine I should you
appreciate it if you like those leg
quarters we cooked up today go down
there give me a thumbs up I really do
appreciate that
remember to subscribe my channel share
us on your social media to tell your
friends and family about us and we're
gonna see you down the road on the Texas
dog was he sitting by the wagon when Sun
come up this morning bacon eggs and
coffee biscuits and bean cookie strikes
the bell and he rings the world warning
how them balls put food away beats all
I've ever seen