so one of the key ingredients in a pot
pot is your is your stock or broth now
here I've got one chicken carcass that
was left over that's got the neck and
the back and all that good stuff and I
got some pork bones I got about a pound
of pork bones you can do this pretty
much any way you want
there's no set rule and if you want to
make a vegetarian stock for your hot pot
you can do that as well we're going to
cover our bones with water and we're
going to bring them up to a boil and
we're going to blanch these off to get
some of this blood out and so we will
bring it up to a boil
and we're going to cook it for about 30
minutes boiling and then we're going to
dump the water I'll be back to show you
here in a minute all right as you can
see I've gotten a lot of gunk and
everything on here we're going to turn
this off we're going to wash the bones
and we're going to wash the pot out and
then we'll continue making our stock
after that that's kind of a nasty
process so I don't really need to show
you that all right as you can see our
boat I've washed the bones I've washed
the pot I've put everything back in
there and put some water in here I'm
gonna put a big hunk of ginger throw
four cloves of garlic in here
and put a little bit of salt in here not
much just a little bit go ahead you're
going to add a little more water and
then we'll bring it back up to a simmer
and whorls simmer this for about two
three hours all right
we're wildin to about halfway done
cooking our stock I'm gonna and I've
been skimming off little bits of fat and
any foam now a lot of people always ask
me why I blanched the bones and they're
like oh you're throwing away a lot of
flavor well
not really you're throwing away the
bloody gunky nasty stuff this will still
be a very flavorful stock without all
that blood and stuff that comes out that
stuff JIT knows how this stock is clear
without blanching the bones and getting
rid of that gunk you'll never have a
clear clean tasting stock stock made
this way will be very clean tasting now
if you don't want to blanch you could
roast the bones and then they don't mess
up the soup but they do give a different
different flavor so anyway that's why I
always blanch the bones and then wash
the pot out I don't want a nice clean
clear stock all right I got some oil
heating up over there in the wok right
now but let's talk about our ingredients
that we're about to put in there I've
had 10 cloves of garlic I've got 4 green
cardamom clove or pods I've got a
teaspoon of Szechuan peppercorn or
prickly ash I've got half a teaspoon of
fennel seeds I've got a few black
fermented black beans that have been
dried I've got some cinnamon bark I've
got 2 4 star anis I've got a few red
chili pods the type you use and how many
you use is really going to be up to you
I've got some ginger nice big hunk of
ginger I've also got some chili black
bean paste now the this paste and the
black beans are going to be kind of
salty so we have to keep that in mind
but I want about 1 tablespoon of this
and some of the oil that's its input
there we go
see how that's bright red and shiny
anyway it's got black beans and chili
way good stuff I'll weep with you here
in just a second all right I've got
about 3 tablespoons of oil in the wok
it's getting pretty warm we go ahead and
we'll throw my ginger in here
in garlic I'm going to get them flavor
in the oil I'm going to cook these for
about a minute or two alright our ginger
and garlic has been cooking for just
over a minute and we're going to put our
bean chili paste in here put that for
just a little bit till we can until it
kind of starts to smell we can start to
smell it will store everything else in
there
let's turn to that a little nice and red
you smell that now go ahead and throw
anything else in here
oh this smells good I could eat this
right here
now we're going to start to put some
broth in here we're going to strain this
and then when we get to broth in here
we're going to take about half of this
broth because half is going to be spicy
halves non spicy and we're going to put
this in here we'll bring it to a simmer
and we'll simmer this for about 20
minutes all right our hot pots coming up
to temperature we're not quite there yet
but we're getting there
I'm sitting here on a little gas burner
now we've got here I've got some meat
I've got some ribeye this is from
American style Kobe beef I've got some
daikon radish some mushrooms more
mushrooms
lots of green veggies of cilantro and
I'll show you what I'm gonna do with a
couple of those here in a minute but for
now I need to start putting some things
in our broth now I tasted both broth the
spicy one has got plenty of salt the non
spicy one does need some more salt I
kind of figured it would because we
didn't put anything salty in it but the
spicy one because we put all the black
beans it's got plenty of salt in it but
just taste you know because you want it
to taste how you want it to taste for
the non spice one we're going to throw a
little bit more ginger in here we're
going to throw some big hunks of green
onion in both sides here
now we're starting to bubble boom both
bubble on both sides so we're going to
go ahead and we're going to put our
daikon in here we're going to do about
half in each side the daikon takes a
little while to cook so it kind of needs
to go in early same thing with a couple
of our other veggies it's got nice
stalks we're going to go ahead and throw
these in here I love this vet veggie in
here it's got a nice perfume to it as
well
you want to put some of these other
veggies in here first as that helps
flavor the stock that way your meat
tastes better I'm going to go ahead and
throw some of this in here of course
we're going to go ahead and throw some
mushrooms in just take a little while to
cook also go and throw all of our
mushroom in there now the enoki
mushrooms we'll throw them in later as
they cook pretty quick
all right now what I've got here I've
got my my dipping sauce I've got some of
this garlic chili paste you saw me make
that a while back we'll put some
cilantro some green onion then I'm going
to mix this up oh oh that mixed up off
and quick yeah you know I cheated I did
it off camera anyway let's come back
over here and look and see what's going
on here we're going to throw a little
bit of cilantro in here especially on
the spicy side give everything mix here
oh my god stays it smells really really
good in here right now
beef is what for dinner now I like lots
of veggies
when I cook hotpot but I still like to
meet the with it go with it you can use
any meat you can use chicken you can use
lamb you can use any kind of seafood I
mean it's really up to you
so
yeah