[Music]
hi I'm Chef Jeff trombetta from Norwalk
Community College in Norwalk Connecticut
and today I am going to show you food
art made easy so we are going to carve
this tomato into a rose you take the tip
of the Tomato not the core not not where
it's connected to the stem and just cut
straight across that's going to be the
pedestal the rose is going to sit on
that all right so then make your
turn okay now keep it thin if the skin
is too thick the Tomato skin or Rose
will not roll up properly you should
almost see the silver part of the knife
through the skin not too thin because
it'll be delicate it could tear anyway
once you get comfortable get the
full take the full length of the skin
off all the way to you get to the core
end so this is near done because I'm at
the bottom I'm going to take the skin
that I just carved off the tomato and
I'm going to lay the outside of the skin
down on the board and I'm going to roll
it starting from the end that I finished
at what we want to do is start from the
end where I finished and that's going to
be the center of the Rose the Tomato
Rose the the the bud so let's get that
nice and tight and once you get it
started just kind of pivot it off this
thumb just kind of roll
it you know you can pull it taut every
now and then starts to feel a little
loose under your thumb fold that
pedestal
underneath tighten it up there we
go kind of wind it up
and
that is tomato Rose and our next food
art garnish we will take this red onion
and carve it into a mum a flour now for
the onion mum what we're going to do is
we're going to first carve a crown we're
going to separate this into two halves
by a crown so very important and with a
little bit of pressure but don't stab
your self go all the way to the
center okay and then this way it'll come
apart I just want to make sure I get it
so I don't have to go in there again
which I might have to do oh all right
we're going to need that piece so let me
go in and get the rest of it and see
where I didn't get
okay not bad all right so now we have
both halves of the onion not quite half
but that's right this will be a smaller
flower and this will be a larger one and
I will show you how you separate the
layers okay so now let's separate the
layers now this one's already got a
split in it so that separates easily
this one comes apart what we're going to
do is we're going to rebuild this see
I'll start it right now that's
rebuilding it all right there we go see
how that gets built there we go and you
can even just keep the center so that
just widens it you got two different
styles of mum because you had two
different
halves when they're grouped together on
a buffet they look really nice and
lastly we will make scallion brushes out
of the ends of these scallions cut off
the
end cut it about
here go down about an inch from the
base and make your Cuts try to keep them
parallel the
vegetable or the scallion will force the
knife to the side and so not every Cut's
going to be clean and when that sits in
water for just a couple
hours what's going to happen is it's
going to spread out so the scallion
brushes after being in the water for
even just an hour perhaps two will curl
up and look just like this so that
concludes food art garnishing Made Easy
I'm Chef Jeff trombetta from Norwalk
Community College Norwalk Connecticut
and remember it's just good cooking
[Music]