good morning I'm going to show you how
to clean billiard tables as you can see
here there are stains and actually
things that are sticking to the balls
and it looks like it's being dried and
and stuck to the box and after cleaning
this also you want to make it look shiny
so what do we need first we need a
bucket filled with water make sure all
of the balls are submerged to water and
then any detergent I'm using a laundry
detergents any detergents will do so
first step I'm going to fill it up with
water
half full then we're gonna put the balls
inside we are going to remove all those
chop marks see all these green things
here
those are chalk marks you know restore
the beauty of these balls and then pour
this detergent and then we'll check back
with you in 30 minutes after letting it
soak for 15 minutes it's time to remove
the hard stain that cannot be removed
just by soaking it using a scrub and
nothing more just rub it vigorously I'm
now cleaning number 15 the wine that I
showed to you with a green stain and
fiber glued to it all right now you can
see
it's all gone alright see you back in
ten minutes
so the final step is drying the balls
just use two rocks and just dry them and
make it shiny under that number 15 from
beat-up ball the new looking shiny ball
to recap the three steps that we did is
first let this wall soak in a bucket of
water with detergent let it soak for 15
to 20 minutes use the scrub to remove
hard stain lastly use two towels to rub
to try them
so thank you for watching and enjoy
playing bye