okay it is review time again tonight I
want to share with you my measuring cups
and my measuring spoons now these I
purchased off of Amazon about six seven
months ago and they are made from lakhs
in this world and when you purchase
these you actually get the five cups of
measuring measuring cups and the five
measuring spoons together as you can see
they have these fun silicon covered
handles which makes the easy pour
gripping and they are stainless still
which means you can toss them in your
dishwasher and they will not rest one of
the main reasons that I wanted to get
this set was because on the handles of
each of the spoons and the cups the size
is engraved let's see if you can see
that there
the size is engraved on the handles so
you don't have to worry about them
rubbing off like I did when I had a
previous pair of plastic sets so these
are super nice heavy-duty stainless
still great for baking cooking anybody
that's in their kitchen a lot needs a
good set of measuring cups and spoons I
would highly recommend these I've never
had any problem I put them in my
dishwasher several several times and
they come out looking new every single
time they also come on these little
handy rings that can open and you just
take luck when you need them put them
back on and you can see that they
conveniently nest inside one another
I actually hang mine on the inside of
one of my cupboard doors they're all
together and they stay together and are
not strewn about in a drawer getting
lost I don't have to search forever
looking for a certain size so yeah if
you're in the market for some measuring
cups or spoons definitely check these
out if you liked the video go ahead and
hit
subscribe tell your friends and we will
see you next time!