that's a lot
expert here I'm just at a new cut
another customers lawn and we've got a
bit of a challenge on this one we're got
a target ricardio weed that's it's a
weed called ricardio and i'll give you
the full name in the description box
below the video but the the ricardio
weed can only be removed with the
herbicide containing dyke amber so mum
and I just want to show you what
ricardio looks like so that you know
what to do in future let's go and have a
look at this ricardio okay we're just at
the front nature strip of the lawn and
I'll just show you a sample of the
ricardio and I'll just have a look here
we go here some and I'll just point to
it so you can get a real good look at it
see there that's ricardio and I'll give
you the full name of that in the
description box below the video so
that's ricardio weed and you need dark
amber or the any herbicide containing
dark amber in it okay we'll see you next
time kiss bye bye
you