okay what we're doing is we're using
being great to clean the cabinet doors
look at the disgusting of this this
squirt a little bit of the mean green on
there
[Music]
Lord not panic listen
the difference that makes
we're doing all the sizes then we're
going to do the back and we're going to
do the front turn off with the mean
drain and then pack up Breanna and she
wipes it down
he's got Elvis soapy water to get them
green off
she's a finishing cleaning she does the
sides first
then I sit down and then I do each face
at the cabinet door SSS are you going to
put this on youtube
making a oh I plotted town
homicide the head life and then I what
handset the guy that really matters so
she goes that side black mommy I didn't
see one of those things honest
tt-take things so these there other one
the one place you know where the jumper
today I rested up and my husband's
painting with some epoxy paint on the
bonding primer he's doing the cut in
right now this is the actual painting
you can't really see it valve are
bonding primer sealer roll and a little
bit of angles get your paint on there
work it in and then I finished with the
same correction roll you want to leave a
little bit of texture does it much you
get an ultra smooth roller going the
same direction we are going from the
beige color to a white this is with the
bonding primer it already looks 10 times
better
I know my last 36 shows but we are not
that one's not done yet okay my
husband's doing the first coat of paint
now this is the paint that we use itself
our signature hiding paint and primer
[Music]
he's got the first coat going on doing
the cut-in around
[Music]
rolling with a foam with a mean green
which is rubbing with at first and then
rinse with soapy water