and lifestyle changes you know no one
likes lifestyle changes there's so many
different aspects to doing it seems
overwhelming so what we've been doing in
our wellness program is picking one at a
time and this month has been laundry and
dishes so let's talk about that hi I'm
Peter McKee this is minke wellness and
you know like I said there's so many
aspects to our lifestyle that we have to
watch out for and and try to make
changes and try to make things more
natural so we're trying to in this
wellness program we're trying to you
know kind of highlight it one at a time
now of course if you're having problems
if your system is overloaded if your
wellness is is I mean really being you
know symptomatically challenged and then
you might need to clean things up fast
or you might need to go to our list here
you know we have it in this in this
graphical postcard kind of context but
you might go through the list and look
at these lifestyle changes and oh those
are diet lumination the environmental
lifestyle changes category and you might
go through and say oh okay I'm gonna
have to really be more you know big step
it up here and do it a little faster
okay but if if you're going with us and
kind of just on these gradual changes
then this you know today this month
we've been doing laundry and dishes so
now what's what's the big deal is it
that important you know you who cares if
I use the standard dish soap or the
standard laundry soap okay this makes a
big difference so let me explain a
little bit more about why especially in
the the the laundry category okay so now
our skin is our largest organ and we
absorb things through the skin and most
of us are wearing clothes that are up
against our skin but most of our skin in
other words 90% of our skin is covered
you know or somewhere around there and
in in 24/7 you know all the time so
anything on the clothes itself any kind
of chemical especially if it's fat
soluble okay because we have this layer
of fat oil that covers our skin and the
hairs and all of it I have it have a
layer of oil so there's a fat soluble
toxins it just wicks right into the
system and goes into
Vanek system and that is a slow but
daily dose interacting and incoming into
the system and so if those are chemicals
that are dating you know maybe see
here's the problem with with you send
things like these laundry chemicals
first of all let me explain that that
the the FDA approved a bunch of
chemicals for cosmetic use before that
before science showed that many of these
things are absorbed through the skin so
you can understand that if some if a
company is making a lot of money on a
product they've spent all that money
formulating it's a familiar to everyone
everyone knows this product it's gonna
be really really hard for the FDA to
come out and say now wait a minute
that's all we're gonna ban all the these
topical chemicals because we didn't know
at the time that they well that's
extremely expensive and in the United
States we have an extremely unfortunate
extremely powerful connection or
influence between lobbies and what
happens at the government level okay so
lobbies get in there and if you've got a
lot of money and you've got a lot of
influence and so the influence that
comes in from lobbies will hit the FDA
and say you know what let's not let's
not talk much about that and to prove my
point on this I mean I don't have any
specific links but you can go and look
this up that the European Union asked
our FDA and EPA scientists to come and
present their research in Geneva and
based on their research they banned over
200 chemicals that are still commonly
used today in our personal care products
and our cleaning solutions and our
pesticides and all that kind of stuff so
these are things the phthalates for
example that got banned in Europe based
on the research that you and I paid for
for our tax dollars because it was all
done through EPA type of research so
this is the kind of thing that is very
frustrating but nonetheless real and so
this is why we need you cannot rely on
on just having a product on the Shelf
because it's there and because it has a
label on it because it's being marketed
and sold on the Shelf you cannot rely on
that being safe you cannot
so you have to do your own homework and
say okay I'm going to only use things
that are fragrance free perfume and dye
free you know hypoallergenic doesn't
necessarily mean anything I mean it
typically leans in the right direction
but I go for a laundry detergent
that is basically free and clear or you
know some version of that that says no
fragrance is okay because Freight
synthetic believe me unless you're
talking about a young living product
your fragrance in a laundry product is
definitely synthetic there's no chance
that that is a real fragrance okay that
is a synthetic fragrance and you know
I've already talked about synthetic
fragrances I'm really really down on
those they are fat small fat soluble
toxins that go right into the system and
these dyes and fabric softeners and
things like that I think are really
really bad and I think we're gonna find
you know more and more as research is
either done or revealed I think a lot of
this stuff is done but hidden or just
kind of like shoved aside but I think
they're going to show that these fabric
softeners and perfumes and dyes are
actually extremely bad for the system
endocrine disrupters hormone disruptors
lymphatic clot meal blockers all kinds
of problems in the system and so get rid
of your fabric softeners get rid of your
laundry detergents that are nasty and
and you know it and you won't if you're
currently using those you don't know you
don't know because your system is used
to this but once you quit it and you you
quit it for a few three months and then
if you go back like you go to your
friends or your sisters or your mothers
or whatever and you use their towels
that have that old I mean that have that
same detergent that you used to use
you'll be like ooh what is this it
stinks the smell is not a pleasant smell
it's not one of those Oh fresh smells
and then the the coating the feel of it
against your skin it's like there's a
weird greasy coating that comes with
this with this fabric softener so mmm
you don't want it okay
so let's switch gears to dishes
obviously you know in the case of dishes
you're you're actually ingesting you
know your food is touching the dishes
and so
you think that just because it looks
clear that it must be clean no they have
an additive in most dish dishwasher
detergent dishwasher soaps and then and
then even there's additives that make it
and to keep it going week off and and
that kind of thing they're chemicals in
there and so you don't you don't want
any of that stuff you don't want to
ingest any of that those chemicals and
yet they're they're stayed on on the
plates on the dishes that you're using
every single day and then of course
we've got hand wash soap you know dish
soap that you're using hand wash which
is almost always has lemon fresh scent
and again I guarantee that there isn't
synthetic fragrance it is not real
fragrance unless you're using a young
living product and then you can look at
the price of the young living detergents
and the Young Living laundry and of it
and you'd say oh wow that's a much
higher price why because there are real
essential oils in there and those cost a
lot more to produce okay so that's my
spiel about this lifestyle change for
laundry and dishes it's not trivial
because these are things that are that
we're touching our bodies and they're
contacting us every single day and it's
one of those things in our wellness that
we stop the poisons stop poisoning
ourselves is the first part of our
wellness strategy so very important
so stop poisoning ourselves and in the
laundry dishes category it's a very easy
change Young Living has already made it
easy make that switch try the Young
Living detergent use the Young Living
soap and the dish soap and in in in just
see okay do that for a few months and
and then like I said if you go back to
one of those you know laundry a dish
soaps that that or even laundry soap I
mean I hope you don't go back but if you
did you will experience the difference
once you've made the change okay so
anyway so there's our lifestyle change I
encourage you to make this change very
very significant subtle it might not be
immediate but it's it's definitely
significant so please do take that
seriously and make that step for your
wellness okay happy Wellness we'll see
you tomorrow