I'm sorry about the bad lighting but
earlier today it was too sunny and you
couldn't see it this is my hollyhock it
is I guess about I don't know six to
eight feet tall well it's probably it's
taller than that because I'm it's almost
twice my height I'm standing a foot high
to get this view of it and it is growing
in a pot so let me just show you the
rest of it I'm close up and from close
up I can only show you this is my
hollyhock and we're going up and we're
going up and we're going up and then you
can see there is hollyhock there so if
you want to this one's kind of unique
I'm trying to get okay there's a good
shot let me see if we can get nope can't
get a good shot at that one okay maybe
if I go over here this one has different
parts that branch out and flower so you
see that so I don't just get the main
stem there which is already at the very
tippy top but it is branching out from
there so it gives you a lot more flowers
you can see other little stems coming
out from the center of it and it does
sucker and grow more like a bush so it's
got all of those coming up I don't know
if those will flower this year or not
but um that's my hollyhock so if you
want to grow one you need to grow it in
a very large pot that is a repurposed
container to store clothes under the bed
so it's about two by two by one foot
deep