hello folks Scot with Dallas paint
correction and auto detailing here in
Dallas Texas what I have here somebody
asked me yesterday about super clean how
does it do on wheels I don't know I've
never used super clean on wheels or
inside wheel wells but I've got a wheel
that's been on the back of this utility
trailer hasn't been cleaned in years I
want to see if super clean at four to
one four parts water one part cleaner
because super clean recommends when you
have a really hammered wheel or they
just recommend on wheels all together to
use it full strength all I'm gonna do is
spray my super clean at four to one yes
it's in a McGuire's bottle but it's
super clean and at four to one I'm gonna
spray it on this wheel agitate it I'm
not going to use high-pressure water I'm
not going to use a power washer I'm just
gonna use a pump sprayer to rinse it off
I want to see what this sucker can do if
I can keep this dilution ratio at four
to one and use it inside the vehicle and
outside the vehicle it's a it's a game
changer for me it's a winner just in my
world and typically this stuff on this
tire will not wipe off this stuff is
grease and grime that's on there it's
not coming off just by simply wiping it
with my finger my customers tire is
typically never look this way this is a
very rare case extreme case but I'm
interested to see what it will do a
subscriber asked me about it so we'll
try it I'm just gonna spray this on here
directly
I haven't soaked the tire previously
there's no water on the tire although
I'm sitting here and it's about ready to
storm and lightning as I spray this
stuff guys it is melting that dirt that
was on the on the sidewall as I spray it
maybe some of you were going wow that's
way too much product but for me hey I
think I need to be a little aggressive
here and I'm using it for two one we're
super clean it says use at full strength
so I'm going to apply a little bit more
and then I'm gonna simply agitate
again this is a very extreme case my
customers tires would not look this way
my own vehicles tires don't look this
way this tires been sitting on the back
of a utility trailer that I take to the
dump the spare tire I don't think it's
ever been off it in years now one of the
reasons why I'm falling in love with
super-clean is because has I cleaned
this tire I get a lot of people are like
I you throw it super degreaser by
McGuire's under the bus so you're not
going to use it again no I love I love
super degreaser by McGuire's but this
stuff here I'm working so close with it
even at four to one even if I use it at
full strength it doesn't make me gag it
doesn't make me hack the the cleaner
whatever cleaners are in super degreaser
and I'm not trying to beat up super
degreaser I'm not getting rid of it I
want that stuff in my arsenal because I
know how it works
I know what I can use it on it's just
that effective but for me maybe call it
as I get older I'm at I'm in my mid 40s
pushing 50 and I don't want it being
around all these harsh chemicals all the
time I don't want to drink super clean
I'm not ignorant to the fact that this
is probably it's alkaline based it's you
don't want to drink it you probably
don't want to inhale it either but my
god it's far less obnoxious and potent
and super degreaser if I can use it at 4
to 1 to clean a hammer tire like this
then why wouldn't I use this product on
a daily basis why wouldn't I
again it's half the cost of mcguire soup
at the greaser I get it for 995 at
O'Reilly's and if I can dilute it at 4
to 1 and clean a nasty hammered wheel
like this I don't know what else I can
do I guess I got to start using it on a
daily basis it just makes sense in my
world
okay so I've hated that I'm not going to
use a power washer I'm gonna use this
silly little pump sprayer and just rinse
the tire off now for some of you that
are doing waterless washes you don't
have access to water this is a cool
little trick if you just want to clean
your tires and you don't have access to
a hose or a power washer you can get one
of these pump sprayers and just simply
use it to clean off a tire it's not the
most efficient thing it takes a little
bit longer
certainly what a hose would be great but
I'm just gonna simply rinse off that
power clean again it's four to one power
clean recommends using it straight but I
wanted to see if that four to one it
would clean one of the nastiest tires I
have around me right now
and I'm just gonna let that soak a
little bit take a microfiber towel a
towel I don't give a crap about and just
simply wipe off the any residue from the
cleaner any of the water that I sprayed
on there to me
for a nasty tire like this this was a
great way for me to go you know what let
me see if I'm deceiving myself is super
clean really all that great again I
don't work for the company they don't
give a crap about me but what I love
about it is if not obnoxious I'm not
hacking I'm not coughing that's pretty
impressive what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
rinse off my brush so there's no cleaner
on it
there's no nasty junk from what I pulled
off on the tire and I want to go in a
second time just to see if I pull any
more grease and grime I want to see if
the super clean kind of stays white and
foamy that kind of indicates to me that
I've removed all the browning all the
dirt I'll put a little bit on my brush
maybe a little extra cutting power who
cares right now when I go in here that
cleaner is staying absolutely white I
have gotten all the browning off the
tire
the third precinct line that's been on
there for years
again this is a tire that's on the back
of utility trailer it's facing the
highway the truck that's pulling this
trailer is kicking grease and grime up
all over it it's getting stuff from the
highway it's never been off this trailer
in years again my customers tires would
never ever look this way it would be a
very rare and extreme case and also I'm
seeing is that the white though the the
cleaner is staying white even the brush
itself even the foam around the brush is
slightly Brown probably because I didn't
remove all of it from the first time I
cleaned the wheel but to me at four to
one and I can use it on nasty tires like
this I assume in wheel wells at four to
one it's going to be fine
I can use it on final leather I know
super clean probably doesn't recommend
use anything on using it on leather but
I'm not ignorant or not naive to the
fact that modern-day leather is coated
and treated through the leathering
process and it actually is a form of
plastic but with that said you still
want to trust but verify when you use it
around leather just my opinion again I
don't work for super clean so they
probably would have a different opinion
they don't want people calling their
1-800 number freaking out that they
ruined stuff but to me I've just been
detailing cards for too long using
really what some people would call
aggressive cleaners on leather but
unfortunately when leather is dirty you
can't rely on Lex oil to get a clean
you're going to be there for far too
long and most of these alkaline based
cleaners are not going to hurt leather
but again you've just got to verify that
make sure you're not having any color
issues check it on your leather check it
on your vinyl but to me on a nasty tire
that's just been sitting here for years
pull to the dump on a weekly basis
constantly getting all sorts of Road
film on it crap kicked up from the truck
that's pulling it that to me is a
pressive the fact that it did it in one
shot the second time I went around the
cleaner stayed white and foamy that's
impressive
I'm not hacking I'm you know I'm in my
mid forties I got a young daughter who's
six years old
I gotta start worrying about some of the
stuff I'm breathing on a daily basis I'm
cleaning tires almost every day this to
me is a winner one of my subscribers
said hey will it do it at four to one
even though super-clean recommends
full-strength absolutely
I see no issues at four to one why
wouldn't do it it probably would do it
at five to one but for me four to one
gives me 1 gallon gives me five gallons
less than $10 for the gallon it makes
all the sense in the world I hope that
helps you guys out on using super clean
like I did the video yesterday on
leather on wheels I love this product
I'm not getting rid of my super degree
to this time so I wanted because I've
just been using it for so long but this
to me just seems like a a winner and
probably in my opinion one of the best
over-the-counter retail level buy that
Walmart buy at autozone sometimes
professional detail is so like I don't
want to walk out a Walmart with a
cleaner I'm using on a professional
level you don't have to overthink it
guys this stuff is fine works great I
like it I just wanted to show you
without using a power washer without
using a hose with a nozzle on it you can
absolutely clean a dirty nasty wheel at
four to one with super clean I
appreciate it guys thanks to that
subscriber for giving me an idea on this
video I figured I'd do that for you
thank you so much to everyone be kind to
one another love one another until next
time until next time what I guess we'll
see you next time be good guys take care
bye