hi and welcome to another Wiggly world
show So today we're going to make a mini
Beast house that you can make at home
really really easily and all you need is
an old
bottle and some string and a selection
of some natural items such as Twigs um
or you can use um bamboo
canes um or lots of um dry leaves and
pine cones as well so ALS sorts of any
natural so the first thing you're going
to do is you're going to um cut the
bottle so you might need some adult
supervision if you're little for this I
find it easier to squash one side of the
bottle so that you can get the scissors
around it and then just to cut along and
for this we're going to cut all the way
around so that you can hang your bottle
up at the end um you need to make a
couple of holes in your bottle it's best
to have one at the end so again getting
addult sui so just just a very small
slit and then um one towards where the
opening is going to
be then it's the case you can either
thread your string through and make a
knot like a little handle or you can um
put a knot in the end once you threaded
it through the two holes but you need it
to hang horizontal so that all the bits
don't fall out if they get a bit loose
once you have cut your bottle you can
use whichever of the ends that you think
is the nicest that you're going to make
look the nicest um I'm going to choose
this one and you're going to stuff it
full of all the items that you've
collected if you've just got very long
bamboo
canes okay like longer longer than the
size of your bottle then you need to get
an adult to saw them or prune them for
you down to roughly the same lengths so
once you've done that make sure that
each of your lengths have got a little
hole in cuz it just makes more spaces
for those mini beast and then stuff it
full into your
bottle and you can mix and match the
different items so some Twigs um pine
cones leaves and then any gaps stuff the
leaves in there to make sure that um the
gaps are really really and there's our
finished mini Beast Hotel so as you can
see it's crammed full of um different
holes and nooks and crannies for the
animals to hide in and this will be
really good for things like um lace
Wings ladybirds earwigs and lots of mini
Beast actually hibernate over winter so
it's a nice little hole um little home
for them and with the little holes you
might even get things like solitary bees
in them as
well and obviously you can paint it you
can decorate the outside however you
want if you don't want to use a plastic
bottle you can even just bundle up the
Twigs um yourself and tie them together
and hang them up as well thank you for
joining us for another Wiggly world show
and we'll see you again in a couple of
weeks