going alright so we're just going to
show you how to properly put on and take
off a mallet splint so before you take
your splint off you can take a shower or
wash your hand with the splint on and
get all of your supplies set so you get
your hairdryer ready plugged in you get
your tape roll set and you want to go
ahead and peel off a piece of tape then
just recommend rolling one end over and
sticking it down on the table so that
it's it's ready to go so then you can go
ahead and wash your hands click on just
recommend leaving the water on lightly
it's important when you take the splint
off that your tip stays as straight as
possible so once you remove your splint
just try to hold the splint on the top
of your finger so that the finger tip
doesn't Bend and then you just set it
down on the table then you just slide
the splint off while that fingers stays
straight
remember just to get the remaining soap
out of the finger you can hold that tip
into extension rinse it off and then you
can put it back down you can then just
take your splint if it's dirty
convinced that off as well now just take
your towel and draw your hand and then
what I usually do to to dry the hand is
just just dab it on the towel wipe it
off like so
okay and then you can go ahead and draw
your splint as well and then in order to
get everything nice and dry this is
where we have you use your hairdryer you
can turn the hairdryer on dry it's then
you can also make sure that your fingers
nice and dry and well they're dry now
as well while you hold it in two
and then to put your splint back on you
want to keep that finger nice and flat
again so you rest your splint down and
then you just slide it in keeping that
on sometimes you can go inside the
splint to lift with your other finger
until that splint comes all the way on
it's important that the splint comes all
the way up to the to the tip of the
finger like so you also want to keep
your nail trimmed short because
otherwise your nail will keep it from
coming all the way to the top of the
splint so at this point I'm holding it
nice and flat you bring it over to the
tape and you just rest it down on the
tape like so keeping your finger nice
and flat and then you just you can lift
it off the table as you connect the tape
and at that point you just make sure
your finger is nice and flat all the way
up to the top and wrapping it like so
you want to leave the crease of the
finger free and you want your finger to
be in full extension if not even some
hyper extension like so so sometimes you
can be in between sizes on the splint or
if you're swelling comes down your
splint will be loose-fitting as it is
here in my small finger and what ends up
happening as you can see is the tip of
the finger is not held into full
extension okay so we're going to take a
roll of gauze and we're going to cut a
small piece to wrap around our finger
and then a small piece of tape
that you will just put onto the edge of
the gauze and then you go ahead and just
turn that so that the sticky side of the
tape is up so you're going to go ahead
and remove your your splint again
keeping that finger nice and flat and
then lift it up you want to get the tape
just below the nail or just at the nail
and then you can slide your finger on
the edge of a counter so that it stays
nice and straight and you can just wrap
it around
and then you can lift that finger up
pulling it flat and then the same idea
with the splint slide that finger in
like so now there's a nice snug fit to
the to the fingertip and then you're
going to go ahead and put your tape on
and then you can you want to make sure
that it's nice and flat
against your skin like so and now
fingers held into much better extension
and the splint is not not loose