this is just a quick video showing how I
tested for asbestos and some popcorn
sealing that I'm going to be removing
the first step is to just take a couple
samples to mail off to do that I sprayed
it with water and then let it set for a
few minutes to soften the material up
and then I went back with a drywall
knife and scraped some of the popcorn
off of the ceiling and into a Ziploc bag
now as far as actually testing the
material for asbestos the only ways that
I found were to mail off the samples to
a testlab and then they do it for you
the first way that I found is with this
prolab asbestos test kit that you can
pick up at a couple places like Home
Depot or Walmart but basically all this
is is just a bag with some paperwork
that you fill out and then mail it off
and they do the test for you but after
reading some of the reviews online a lot
of people didn't seem happy with this
and if you see in the fine print here it
says it's $40 so it's not really that
cheap either a lot of folks did seem to
recommend this other company called
Western analytical and the way that you
work with this company is pretty similar
to the prab product you just get your
samples fill out some paperwork on their
website and then mail it off and a
couple days later they give you the
results it's all pretty easy they have
this step-by-step guide here you just
follow through this and if I remember
correctly they just have you fill out
this form
here with name address all that stuff
sample location all of that and that was
about it and one other thing to mention
here is that this service is $30 for the
first sample and then $20 for every
additional sample so it is a little bit
cheaper than the prab product so after I
filled out this form and then mailed off
my samples about a week later I got this
email that confirmed that that the
acoustic ceiling spray sample you
submitted for analysis contains no
asbestos so I kind of looked out there
so that's it for this video I just
wanted to do a quick how-to for how to
check popcorn ceiling for asbestos
before you start messing with it hit the
like button if this video was helpful
and thanks for viewing