good morning everyone I am Patiala I'm
the author of upcycle with decoupage
available on Amazon and Barnes & Noble
and I'm going to show you today how we
can decoupage over a clear glass vase
we're going to use napkins and you can
do this with any size vase that you want
and I am using I'm trying to go for an
all-white theme today or at least mostly
white white roses and so for today's
project what we're going to need are
napkins you'll probably only need one
we'll need some decoupage glue a brush
for that iridescent medium its
iridescent pearlescent we'll need a
brush for that triple thick top coat and
a brush for that I'm going to be using
some glitter very very fine glitter
plastic wrap and a very fine mist of
water very fine mist and a couple of
nail files these are designated strictly
for my decoupage project and the first
thing we'll want to do is to split the
napkin it's a three ply this one is a
three-ply napkin most of them are three
ply some of them are too the best way to
do that is to dampen your fingers I
press on it and then you see as you pull
apart it pulls the napkin away from the
backing because we just want this one
sheer front piece once you've separated
your napkin
so that it's just the one fly and I'm
using the whole napkin tear a couple of
sheets of the saran wrap and this should
always be the cheapest stuff you can buy
for this purpose lay it down and overlap
two pieces side-by-side you want to make
it as long as your napkin so if you can
see the top and the base here it's just
about as long as or about a little
longer this Ram wraps a little longer
than the napkin then lay the napkin
facedown you want the print facing down
now some napkins you can't do this with
if you have a napkin that has a print
like this you wouldn't be able to do
this because your Eiffel Towers would be
upside down facing each other it
wouldn't look right some of these floral
napkins though you can do this with this
is one of those it will look just fine
and you lay the napkin face down over
the saran wrap take your decoupage glue
and lightly on one section apply the
glue
and this will only work this particular
process will only work on these solutes
cylindrical glass vases and once you've
got that decoupage glue down we're going
to lay the part that you just decoupage
the edge of it at the edge of your
napkin don't worry if you tore your
napkin a little bit in spots because we
can fix that when we're done so lay the
cylinder down the edge of my glue is
right here the edge of the napkin is
right here I want to lay it down so that
it fits
that's on there okay I'm just going to
roll it a little bit so that the glue
brush sticking you can add a little more
glow if you didn't quite reach the right
area with the napkin so the glue is down
and here's the beauty of the saran wrap
rather than using your finger on the
napkin which will surely tear it you use
your finger on the saran wrap over the
napkin for areas like that see there's a
little spot there but even right here it
was torn it's okay I'm just covering
that up for now and if later we see that
there's a problem we'll fix it but take
a little more decoupage glue add it to
another section of the vase
roll that and I'm reaching under the
saran wrap
press any areas down make sure
everything sticking and we'll follow
this procedure for the next two steps
I'm sorry we'll follow this procedure
here and here and I'll speed that up for
you
now the whole thing is done you'll have
a little overlapping there which is fine
you just want to make sure you have all
of the glass covered and that you're
handling this with the saran wrap so
that your fingers aren't tearing
anything aren't following anything away
going to let this dry
for about fifteen to twenty minutes and
then we'll come right back and do the
next step you don't have to do anything
else right yet just make sure that the
napkin is down everywhere sticking to
the glass okay now the glass vase is dry
or the napkin is dry on the glass vase
and this piece that's overlapping you
can take your spray and you do want to
make sure it's overlapping here so
there's no glass showing but just spritz
a light amount of water over the end
where you overlapped and then you can
see it pulls off quite easily
now on this next step I took the
iridescent medium and I poured a little
bit of it into my decoupage glue and mix
a little bit of it in with that stake a
posh glue that I poured into a plate and
I would say maybe one part of this to
the decoupage glue and that's just to
give it a slight bit of iridescent and
pearl essence whether you use the year
doesn't medium or not we're going to add
decoupage glue and this is mine with the
iridescent in there and you may be able
to see a little bit of it as I'm doing
this so carefully and in one direction
add a coat one coat of decoupage glue
over your cylinder
so let it dry and we'll come right back
and do the next step if you have any
areas like this where you can see the
napkin either pulled away or you didn't
overlap it enough
it's okay during this second coat to
just add tear a little piece of the same
napkin pattern that you're using and put
it right over those pieces so I'm just
adding a little bit of the decoupage
glue right here I'm going to lay a torn
piece of the napkin down little spritz
and I'm going to take a little bit of
the saran wrap so that I'm not touching
it with my fingers and I'm just going to
blot that down so it covers up whatever
we missed before and just be careful as
you're adding this final coat of
decoupage glue that you don't go over
that one section where you just put this
image okay and I'll just continue gently
around the rest of the bays and the last
touches to the vase you can take the
nail file and go all around the top and
the bottom edges file in one direction
and you see how that comes right off
leaves a nice clean edge
and we'll just apply a topcoat and I'm
going with a very glossy top coat that's
actually going to draw this pattern out
a little bit because you can see it
doesn't show up very well so as you add
your topcoat on if you want to apply
glitter I'm going to put a light
smattering of it on there I would
suggest you just do it in sections I
have a piece of wax paper down to catch
the glitter
for now let me just say thank you so
much for subscribing and making comments
you really make my day thank you so much
and I will be back when this is dry and
ready to show you so here is our
completed rose vase I had to move into
another room of the house too much going
on downstairs and got a nice sheer
finish to it this will look nice with a
candle in it and I don't know if you can
see the glitter that well you can see it
as I turn and this is the Halloween vase
that I'll be working on this looks much
better with the dark see if I can get a
dark in here so you can see how this
looks you can see that a little better
we'll be working on this in another week
or so so thanks again guys I hope you
had fun please contact me if you've got
any questions hope you enjoyed this and
I'll see you next week guys thanks a lot
bye bye