hey guys my name is Rachel from the
baking channel kawaii sweet world and
today I made these really cute turkey
Thanksgiving cupcakes for pbteen I am
really excited about these I think that
they're super cute and they're also
great if you're tired of always eating
pumpkin pie for dessert too when also
one other thing if you follow my channel
you'll notice that I got some new decor
today I just got this new sign from
pbteen that I am really excited about I
think it looks so nice against the walls
and I love that it's like customized and
I think it's really cute but yeah let's
go ahead and make some cupcakes now so
let's get started first off let's make
our vanilla cupcakes you're going to
need one stick or 1/2 cup of softened
butter get that nice and creamy then
we're going to add in 1 cup of sugar and
just mix that in until it gets nice and
light and fluffy now we're going to
crack in two room-temperature eggs go
ahead and add them in one at a time and
mix after each addition
once that is nice and smooth we're going
to add in one teaspoon of vanilla
extract and mix that in too now for our
dry ingredients you're going to need one
and a half cups of flour along with 1
and 3/4 teaspoons of baking powder and
then just give this a whisk now it's
time to put it all together you're gonna
add half of your dry ingredients to the
wet ingredients and just mix this up and
it's also nice to use a spatula
now when you make sure you don't over
mix your batter then we're going to add
in a half cup of milk and mix that in
too don't worry if the batter gets kind
of thin because now we're going to add
in the second half of our dry
ingredients and continue mixing until it
gets nice and smooth
now I'm going to use an ice cream scoop
to evenly divide this between 12 cupcake
liners and we're just gonna bake this
off by 350 for about 20 minutes in the
meantime we can work on our frosting
you're gonna need two sticks of softened
butter
and go ahead and get these nice and
creamy then we're going to add in three
cups of powdered sugar I like to add it
in one cup at a time now way you don't
just get a big cloud of powdered sugar
definitely not something you want to
have to clean up so here is the second
cup and the third cup at this point your
frosting is gonna be pretty thick but
don't worry we're gonna send it out with
some milk in a bit but first we're going
to add in a teaspoon of vanilla extract
and mix that in and then I'm going to
add a nice splash of milk about two to
three tablespoons or until you get a
nice light consistency next I'm going to
divide this between three different
bowls one for each color of our turkey
and you're gonna color one Bowl red with
some red gel food coloring now we're
just going to load our frosting into a
piping bag fitted with a small round tip
don't worry if you don't have a piping
bag or piping tip you can just put it in
a ziplock bag and snip the corner repeat
this process with orange frosting and
also yellow frosting at this point our
cupcakes should be ready and lately I've
been looking for like pretty much any
excuse to use this really cute cake
phones down that at Ascot and if you're
interested in it or any of the cute
little trays that I've been using
throughout the video I love all the
products linked in the description box
below to pbteen com anyways once your
cupcakes are out of the oven go ahead
and transfer them to a cooling rack and
let them cool completely and once
they're cooled we can start to decorate
I'm just gonna take the red frosting
first and pipe little dots around the
outside make sure you pipe these pretty
close to the edge that way you'll have
room for all three of your colors next
I'm going to take a little baby spoon
and kind of smush down the points to
give us that feather
like effect we're gonna repeat this with
the orange frosting again a ring of
those little dots and then smashing them
down with a spoon and since the yellow
bit is pretty small we're gonna make it
easier by just piping kind of a star
shape next up you're gonna need some
chocolate candy melts and you can just
get these from a craft store I'm going
to add these on as the face of our
turkey you're also going to need some
yellow heart sprinkles and just use a
little dab of melted chocolate to attach
it on as the nose then I'm taking some
melted black candy melts I'm going to
add on two dots for each eye and this
last step is totally optional but I
think it's a nice touch I'm gonna take
some melted red candy melt and add that
turkey waddle on these side and that's
it all right guys our turkey cupcakes
are finished now and these look adorable
as you can see this also makes a great
Thanksgiving centerpiece and if you have
these out on the table it kind of
reminds everyone to save room for
dessert too but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll see you all
back for some more holiday videos soon
bye guys