[Music]
what's up beautiful people it's clean as
cooking today I'm gonna be showing you
how to make chicken adobo with pineapple
ingredients the things you will need so
first you're going to need to marinate
your chicken and what we need to do is
get our garlic I'm gonna put in about
two tablespoons of garlic about two
tablespoons of soy sauce probably gonna
need a little bit some vinegar some
black pepper is supposed to be
peppercorn but black pepper is all I got
and around three tablespoons of
pineapple juice
or pineapple syrup then now you want to
add your chicken breast well I'm using
chicken breast fat in there
cluck-cluck-cluck
just like you gonna mix it up
now that all this is put together you're
gonna want that to sit for about 30
minutes to an hour or longer or whatever
you want to slay tale now that we finish
letting this sit we're gonna fry this
[Music]
and now once this is all golden-brown
you're gonna want to add your marinade
hope you didn't throw it out now that
it's all boiling and stuff you're gonna
want to add a couple of bay leaves now
you're gonna want to add your pineapple
[Music]
have some good pineapple chicken adobo
with pineapple there you have it so if
you guys like that video hit the like
button and if you want to see more
recipes and more cooking's for me hit
the subscribe button until next time we
just cook
[Music]