get a salon expert here we're back to a
new customers lawn that we started a few
weeks ago run and I just want to show
you the progress of the the kill on the
on the onion weed the onion weed in the
in the couch line and we've also just
started spraying the Buffalo lawn today
so we'll go and have a look a km from in
the front yard of the the customers lawn
here that we started about a month ago
three or four weeks ago and anyway um
behind me is a is the couch lon and in
front of me is Buffalo so I'll just go
and say that's the coots lawn there and
we'll have a look at that in a minute
and I'll just show you if I swing around
behind me is the is the Buffalo the
Buffalo lawn so we'll go and have a look
at the couch and see how the the onion
weed the dyeing onion weed is is
progressing so this is the cooks lon now
I want to go and have a look at the if
you can we can just have a look at see
the the remains of the onion weed
there's clumps of the onion weed I've
just really sprayed today but they're
that onion weed is now pretty much dead
and that was a result of spraying the
the whole lawn with destiny which is a
selective herbicide and is safe to use
on couch Kaikeyi Buffalo but not on
Queensland blue couch so up
yeah but destiny is very good on on
onion weed great great great herbicide
for onion weed control okay so thanks
for that we'll see you next time