right now with with Derrick our birthday
boy sorry you probably are gonna be like
could she just no I like I just enjoy
hanging out with you Derrick and and all
your family so this is just one we have
hollyhocks that are not like your normal
hollyhocks the other thing I want you to
know is that this is our only quantities
of the season so if you like this
they're brand new today no you have not
seen them prior to today but if you like
them I wouldn't wait too long we don't
have a lot of these and when we're
talking literally when I say the only
quantities of the season we've had
things that were brand new one day sold
out that day and that was it you know
and we couldn't get any more in until
the following year so Derrick first of
all I want you to tell me about
hollyhocks and what's kind of the
challenge that you found with hollyhocks
in the past well I mean everyone loves
them I spent the last eight years in
Colorado tons of wild hollyhocks
everywhere about as tall as me I'm six
feet a little skinny little sticks that
kind of fall over when it gets wet
outside the flowers themselves are
quaint but not that awesome it's your
grandmother's traditional hollyhock yeah
and the images you might have noticed
however that the flowers are big and
voluptuous and you can just feel all the
petals because these are all double
pedalled varieties Wow so that the
flowers are much larger in size but the
plants are shorter and not so lanky not
so heavy and gangly basically these are
a dwarf hollyhock only two and a half to
three feet tall that saves you from
having to stake them that saves you from
worrying what's happening if you're
getting a heavy wind or rain storm and
the other thing the beauty about it is
now you can do a lot with hollyhocks
that you couldn't before for example we
have them in pots yeah they can go in
pots now you can also obviously put them
in the ground these are still your super
dependable winter hardy are there now
winter hardy is what I mean to say they
depend on a high Hawk now become winter
hardy ah so traditionally a Holly Hawk
a biannual and what that means is after
two years it's done and these will come
year after year after year after year
with their big double flower I'll just
show you I mean this is the traditional
hollyhock that we know and love and this
is what we call a single petal variety
there's just about four or five petals
in the whole flower but when you compare
that to what we have on set I mean
essentially we're looking at a flower
that's ruffles and ruffles you can't
even begin to count how many flowers are
on the hollyhock yeah it's so thick and
lush and look at the colors that you're
gonna get you're gonna get four pieces
or four pots basically yeah and those
are the colors you okay tons of
different varieties of colors in each
pot have been planted multiple seeds I
said I'd love to see the garden again
because the beauty of the colors is
extraordinary in this collection you can
see first the double petal variety I
mean there are so many petals on each
Polly hawk they look like roses yeah or
carnations sometimes and that's what I
love and the colors themselves are bold
but that's the height that they're going
to get two and a half to three feet tall
they're not that large overbearing wispy
looking's stock that we know as Holly
Hawks anymore these have actually some
strong sturdy stalks yeah almost like
rebar yeah here they are outside the
thing about these these are flower
producers and all the colors are mixed
when you're getting them home so that's
very representative what you're gonna
have this year Wow and every year after
in the garden that's amazing hey by the
way just to remind you the only
quantities of the season and they're
brand new today so you're seeing them
for the very first time if you're at all
interested in this kind of flower first
of all like I said before if you want to
know what is Roberta's all about
Roberta's is about hard-to-find flowers
that are easy to grow and so basically
they take the flowers that people love
and they really look for the best the
best quality and
they is the qualities that address the
challenges from the past like you said
hollyhocks were always like six feet
tall ooh thin lanky the flowers weren't
that you know bold or beautiful or
intense now you've got intense color
bigger flowers not as tall three feet
tall and thicker stocks so that they
don't just tip over I mean they're
really neat now here's something you
were telling me is that these kind of
reseed themselves yeah explain them well
you can see here on this Holly hawk
these are all flowers buds that are
about to be opened after you've enjoyed
these for the whole summer and in early
fall then they dry out and they form
these little seed pods now this is
really fun because if you're especially
if you're putting these out in the
ground what you can do with these seed
pods or Mother Nature will do all by
herself is take all these little seeds
that are inside there's hundreds of
seeds inside this one seed pod and
mother nature just drum here and there
the birds will take some you can open
them up yourself and plant them and
before you know it you have a totally
naturalized Holly Hawk garden Wow we
only planted them once and now you're
getting volunteers every year and you
only bought them once that's the other
thing
you only had to plant them once you only
had to buy them ones yeah and they're
perennials that are kind of come back
over and over again $28 92 cents for a
set of four for plants the other thing
too just wanted to mention that when you
think about you know should I or
shouldn't I this is the taller part of
your garden so if you have shorter
plants but you feel like you need a
background this is a good background is
this is a good background I mean it's
still low though these are dwarfed right
we have other things like the foxtail
lilies not in this short a date lilies
will be a little bit taller yeah so you
could even have another layer behind if
you if you chose but don't be like the
third layer or the second layer good I
don't think if you're and that's really
what the best gardening is layered
gardening you know when you have
multiple levels I just want to remind
everybody the only quantities of the
season and brand-new
Kevin tell me that again 800 are already
gone here's some more pictures look at
it you can feel their awesome dwarfed
stature these are not the 6 foot tall
grandmother's hollyhocks
the flowers there are big huge ruffled
voluptuous because they're double pedal
that is very unique in a rare find
you know Holly hawks themselves are
sturdy goers in the garden but these are
perennial winter hardy varieties now
that is brand new any part of the
country hug practically anywhere in the
country and you can just see this beauty
it's easy these grow in the cracks of
sidewalks but now you can do it in pots
or in the ground anywhere in the country
they like full partial Sun they are
going to bloom summer to fall they
attract butterflies and hummingbirds on
them as well so that's terrific now we
also have day lilies unlike any other
day lilies I've ever seen
I mean seriously and I've been the
Roberta has been here for 20 years I've
been here that whole time and just
unbelievable day live