hey guys I am Lisa from the Pennington
point calm and I wanted to talk to you
about how to delete your thieves laundry
soap and your thieves dishwashing liquid
okay so I've been using both of these
for a really long time and I really
liked them but it was only about nine
months ago that I learned how to dilute
them and I'm so happy because I feel
like I have a little more control over
how much I use and then I'm getting a
better foam and I'm getting more met
more for my money so I wanted to share
it with you guys and I did not make this
up really cute blonde that are aligned
girl made a video about I don't remember
her name I just caught it somewhere and
so she thought of it I got the idea from
her I find it her link I will drop it in
the comments but I can't find it anyway
this is what I've been doing and I also
wanted to just kind of test it for a
while and make sure it works for my
family I have a lot of teenage boys we
have a lot of laundry needs can we live
on a little farm this is my kitchen
after window you see all of our fields
and we get pretty dirty out here so and
we make a lot of dishes with a lot of
kids so this is what I'm doing let's
start with the laundry detergent okay
this is I don't remember the price but
it's kind of pricey might be like 25
forgive me I don't know the exact price
if you're a young living whole-cell
member they're definitely getting a
better price so don't buy it.retail
become a wholesale member you can just
buy you don't have to sell so it's
perfect okay but it's super concentrated
so this is what I do I have an empty
bottle of it here this bottle got empty
this morning which I've cycled before I
refill it I will show you guys what to
do so this is empty so what I'm gonna do
is pour half of this one into here super
easy to keep you on camera here this is
empty now at once it's really thick this
is your little tiny tiny like look at it
in my hand a little bitty Cup which goes
against what comes on your other things
like this great big giant measuring cups
you just need a tiny
it's super concentrated and I like it
full strength but I actually kind of
think I've liked it better what after
being diluted so I loved this tip so you
still don't use much I do not I probably
fill it up to about here unless I have a
huge load which I'll feel it more this
is what the diluted not that concentrate
so I'm gonna pour about half and
honestly I'm just gonna use like you
know the old guessing trick to see I'm
just gonna pour it in super easy
I have not experimented with dividing
this into thirds although I think it
would be something worth trying
definitely need to pour more but you can
see it's a little on the thick side just
from pouring okay I can see there's I
can feel they're starting to even out a
little bit once you look down in there
pop the little bubble once you that's
pretty close y'all okay we're gonna call
that close so now these both have
actually I think I put a little too much
in once you get used to the the more
water down one I actually really like it
better and I use pretty much the same
amount as it recommends in the
concentrates so I it's taking me a long
time to go through one of these okay
here's the next thing I'm gonna do so
now I'm gonna have two bottles of
laundry detergent for the price of one
the first time I did it or something to
have an empty bottle so what I did was
and I put a little X on the bottles that
are concentrated like this is a new
bottle so I have to go put an X on it so
I'll know but you can know just by
looking inside if you forget to put your
X you can tell by looking at it so then
what I do is I add in two caps full of
the theis cleaner just at the tap of the
thief this is my measuring tool so I'm
gonna pour in 1/2 caps of this yikes
sorry I'm not super okay one let's video
oh I'm gonna smell so good seriously
so it just spilt some of my arm okay so
this stuff is super country see how
amber colored it is when you make it in
a bottle I should show you on my bottles
I just put two caps in that and I'll go
back and put two
perhaps in my other one and then all I'm
gonna do from there is I'm going to fill
it up to about here with water I'm
sitting right in front of my sink
go a little slow because it foams up so
put your water in and then you just
shake it and then every time you use it
you want to give it a little bit of a
shake but that's it it smells so good
your laundry gets so clean and it costs
you half of what I wish you could see
inside here this is boring now I don't
know if you can see it's bubbly in there
so I put a little more in there so now I
have my diluted marked these essentially
infuse laundry soap I'm going to give
the first time like a really good shake
after that I just pick it up from the
shelf and just go like that and pour it
like I don't give it like a major shake
but the first time you want to really
shake you know put combined you know
water and that blend the water in the
these cleaner and the soap so that is
how you can see it's all up in the lid
now so pretty that is how I delete my
themes laundry soap and I'm here to tell
you like I actually like it better than
the washing my hands then the the full
strength and I would use like I said I
would use still unless it was a really
big load I would still just use this
much so that stuff is amazing okay if
you have questions about the things
laundry soap let me know but this is a
way to cut the price in half and I know
this is a silly little thing but I think
the bottles are so pretty is sitting on
mine sitting on my shelf I have an open
shelf in my laundry room okay let's talk
about that these dishwashing liquid
plant-based totally plant-based totally
good for you it doesn't have any of the
icky stuff that these like antibacterial
so you don't want that you don't want
that you need the bacteria on your body
so this has no dyes no formaldehyde no
phosphates no perfumes nothing synthetic
so what I did was I emptied out some of
it this is my one that I recently made
so it's full of the diluted soap okay
and
see it's still really thick this is the
undiluted a little bit thicker so what
I've been doing is dividing this into
thirds so I'm going to pour out a little
bit more I have a jar I filled up a jar
like this and I'm going to pour up a
little bit more this was a little easier
of course because you can see in the
bottle we go a little bit more and the
one thing I like about this so this cost
oh gosh I'm going to say $14 which seems
like a lot for a bottle of dishwashing
liquid until you realize it's totally
plant-based I'm going to go to about
there and you're really getting three
for one so it's the same deal um I don't
have any empty bottles because I gave
them to a friend but I would if I had
two empty bottles I would just take my
new bottle and I would make three and I
were just sticking them to the sink and
that would be like several months worth
of dishwashing liquid but as it is I'm
just going to pour it my extra into a
jar and then this is what I'm gonna do
I'm going to add in oh sorry this is
heavy two teaspoons baking soda why
don't have this giant bag of bait center
because that's how much we used in
Exeter our family uses a lot of baking
soda I love cleaning with it I like
adding with it so use baking soda okay
so I'm getting it's not a super exact
like whatever and I'm just going use my
hand is a little funnel and I'm going to
put the baking soda 1/2 into the but the
bottle okay and then again I'm going to
fill it the rest of the way with just
water from my sink you don't have to use
any kind of spring water or anything so
I'm just going to put putting water in
here now and I can see when it gets like
to the top of a label you need a little
bit of shaking room okay so you can see
the difference in the water and the soap
but as soon as I put the lid on and
shake it around I don't have it that it
won't get separated it's I mean this
one's been sitting on my bathroom
counter all morning and you can see it
doesn't separate once you shake it all
together
so I'm going to shake it up because I
really want to incorporate the basis
odor into the whole thing basically soda
gives a little bit of a scrubbing
texture to it which is nice and there
you go I have my super foamy super
deliciously useful and plant-based
affordable liquid laundry dishwashing
soap so it's super citrusy it's very see
smelling and but dividing it by three
when you pay 14 bucks wholesale means I
don't know I can't do the math but I'm
going to say what is that like for $55
for $55 for one bottle and and the other
cool thing about it is like when I
refused to buy this fortune Bob dollar
bottle would sit on my counter and I
would tell my kids to be careful how
much you use you don't use too much of
that and now I'm just like use it like
normal library normal dishwashing liquid
I don't have to worry about overusing
cuz we're not it's not this $40 bottle
sitting there now it's a $5 bottle
sitting there and that is more along the
lines of cheaper than some of the
dishwashing liquid you would get like
the whole season step that don't have
all that if you stuff in it so that's
what we do and I after having used them
for nine months both of these um these
diluting things I tend say I really love
them our dishes are amazingly clean our
laundry is amazingly clean our laundry
smells so good it smells so good y'all
so then throw in a dryer ball which I
can talk about another time and you've
got just amazing laundry with no
chemicals like how about that seriously
good see you later
check out my website at the Pennington
point