hi everyone shinky Tam here and welcome
to another cooking video today I'm going
to be making a classic Pavo these are
all the ingredients I'm going to be
using today I will leave a list Below in
the description now palover is
essentially just a big massive cake made
of mering and then you cover it with
cream and fruit got five egg whites put
those in the
mixer and I'm just going to add a pinch
of salt to
this so that is looking really good so
next you're going to add the sugar and
you use super fine or castor sugar just
see that and we add this really slowly
to the mering I just get a tablespoon
and add it bit by bit and this whole
process should probably take you about
10
minutes so next in I'm going to put the
vanilla Essence that's 1 and 1/2
teaspoon plain white vinegar that's 1
and 1/2
teaspoon and 1 and 1/2 taspo of corn
flour now there is a scientific reason
that put those in I think it's to make
it stabilize the cake better and also to
make it a little bit glossy now
hopefully when I've lick this feeder up
it will stand up in nice
Peaks yes that is looking good so the
next thing you want to do is get a tray
and put some baking paper on it I didn't
cut that very well cuz I'm covering my
old ugly baking tray what you want to do
is pile it in the middle and pile it
fairly High because it will spread out a
bit so basically you just want a big
white blob oh oh my goodness look at it
look at the monster this thing is I'm
just going to shape it just a little bit
not much though it doesn't need it it is
just a white blob oh yes hello so now my
big white blob is going to go into the
oven that's set at10 and it's in there
for an hour and a half so in you go have
fun so it's been an hour and a half and
I'd love to get this out of the oven and
show you but I can't so I'm going to
turn the oven off as weird as this is I
open the oven up just slightly to
gradually let that heat get out of the
oven and I put a wooden spoon in there
and I let it sit there for hours and the
reason you want to do this is because
when you make a mering cake of Pavlova
you want it to have certain
consistencies when you cut into it and
eat it you want it to be crunchy
beautiful mering on the outside of it
and on the inside of it you want it to
be soft and fluffy and the bottom part
should be slightly crispy but a little
bit gooey as well it's very scientific
and very annoying so the trick to a good
paoa is patience so I really do want to
have a look at this but I'm not going to
I am not going to open that oven and
this is what you have to tell yourself
as much as you want to have a sneak peek
at it don't look at it just don't don't
don't look at it don't be tempted so
it's only been 2 hours but I want to get
this decorated and done because I'm
trying to make this video in a day I'm
going to bring this out and decorate it
early ahead of time let's hope it's
turned out yay yeah see 2 hours and it
is just cooled now it's not the
prettiest looking thing in the world it
hasn't worked out perfectly because it
is a little bit cracked but it's rustic
I can assure you though that it will
taste amazing and that's what the
decorating is about it's about covering
up all those little whoopsies we're home
Cooks We're Not Buddy chefs are we this
is double cream or thicken cream I'm
going to whip up 300 M of
that okay that looks good calm yourself
down there you go this is the fruit that
I'm going to decorate my padle over with
I know that some people like even go for
something sweeter they actually like
shave chocolate all over or they put
banana on it and crunchy bars and all
kinds of stuff go wild use your
imagination but mine is more classic
more traditional because I'm such a
traditional girl not
really I'm just going to plunk this onto
a plate and it should lift up pretty
easily if I've done it correctly peel
that paper off yes I mean honestly it's
so light it's ridiculous do you want to
see the bottom of it there you go you
just get the cream and you spoon it on
and squish it out on it like
icing see that hole there gone
gone gone it's kind of like puttying a
wall isn't it and now comes the fun part
you decorated I always like to put
passion fruit on my Pavo and I'm also
going to decorate it with kiwi fruit you
can actually also put it around the
edges too if you want I can't be
bothered today this is what you're
getting strawberries are a must have for
my pav
over oops see stop it get back there
what are you doing and also some
blueberries because I love blueberries
all I have to do now is cut a piece and
taste test
[Music]
it oh wow so that's the inside of the
PEB over there as you can see it's nice
and fluffy now it should just sort of
fall apart and be a bit
[Music]
messy oh M wow it's just like eating a
big white sugary fluffy cloud and I love
Pavo and as you can see the bit in the
middle there is really light and fluffy
and the mering on the outside is super
crispy it's really good if you love
sugary things you're going to absolutely
love pav overa because it doesn't keep
long cuz it's got the fruit on it you're
actually best to eat it as quickly as
possible so that sounds like a good
excuse doesn't it somebody's going to
have too much of this thank you so much
for watching everyone I hope you enjoyed
this video please remember to give this
one the Thumbs Up And subscribe for more
I'll see you next time bye