hey guys it's Greece and today I'm going
to teach you guys how to shorten your
Palm Springs mini backpack from Louis
Vuitton I do have a review about this
bag and I will leave the link right here
for you guys to check it out I do try it
on my body too but more in with the
longer strap so let's get started so
you'll only be needing your long straps
so your long backpack straps and I'll
teach you how to thread it through so
you want to start off with your gold
hooks and just hook it on the back of
your bag same to the other link hook it
to the top back of your bag just like so
so now we're going to feed the whole
structure agonal e so how to get this
little nozzle through the link all you
have to do is heat the tip through then
squeeze the link with using both hands
squeeze each side of the link and then
push the back through and then the link
should go through very easily and then
you just feed it through just like so
and then you do the same to the other
side so you put the tip through and then
you squeeze both sides with your hands
and then push with the email to the
outer and then the knob shall come
through very easily and then just pull
that third
and now you have this bit so you want to
feed this to the outside of where the
gold clasp is and then just lock it into
the first hole so just push the log
through the first hole and then you have
a strap so same to the other side so you
don't want it on the outside of the bag
just like so and then just pop it
through the first hole and now you have
mini backpacks so I'm just going to try
it on for you guys all right so this is
how the backpack looks on my back now so
it just hits my lower back and I prefer
wearing it like this I think it's the
best like comfortable area for me
wearing a backpack I feel like if it
gets too low I feel a bit awkward but
this is what it looks like on the bag
and on the side so I hope you find that
tutorial a bit more helpful so you can
actually adjust this to make a bit
longer by using the shorter strap just
using the clasp at the top and then
attaching this like you regularly attach
the strap together and then you can
choose the adjustment your life for the
strap there so this is my personal way
that I prefer wearing the bag it's
probably not to recommend it because you
can change the shape of the strap but I
want to wear this as a backpack I do a
crossbody every now and then but I do
prefer wearing it as an actual backpack
and having a knots it solo
so it is your personal choice but in the
end if you have to replace your straps
it will be at your own cost of course
but yeah I hope you guys enjoy this
tutorial and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye