[Music]
hey guys today I'm gonna cook some
breakfast sausage in my toaster oven so
let's get toasting have this 12 ounce
package of Johnsonville breakfast
sausage here and I'm gonna see if it
will all fit my 10 inch cast-iron
skillet that's my toaster oven tray
right there and it's really not much
bigger than this cast-iron skillet is so
exhausted usually turns out pretty good
in cast-iron so see if I can squeeze all
these in there perfect I think that
should work
I set the oven to bake and I turned it
all the way up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit
so we'll see how this works
spend about 15 minutes so I want to see
how the bottom of these look
oh yeah the bottom is browning more so
I'm gonna kind of roll them over and
then put them back in then we'll let
them go just a few more minutes it's
been 25 minutes it smells great in here
I rotated the pan so the handles this
way instead of over here and I would say
those look good well it looks like that
worked out pretty good let's give one a
try here
[Music]
[Music]
those are really good sausage always
tastes good cooked in cast-iron and the
taste test dog showed up I'm gonna try
some sausage ad oh that was a nice big
chunk um what do you got a fleet
yourself and Pocky bugging you that
actually worked out really good that was
better than cooking them on the stove I
always burn them on the stove and now I
know I could just cook the whole package
at once then put the leftovers in the
fridge and they're ready to go for a few
days
thanks for watching talk to you guys
next time
[Music]
you