[Music]
nothing gets me more excited than
finding something awesome in the trash
that I can upcycle into something
beautiful and this fireplace is my
latest trash find I found this on this
side of the road um while visiting a
family birthday party and I convinced my
parents to bring it home for me in their
truck my husband not excited about it he
said it was absolute garbage the front
of the bricks had broken off I had to um
use construction adhesive to replace
those and it was filled with holes which
I had to use to fill obviously the
back is rotten the Bottom's rotted out
but I had big plans for this thing so
I'm so happy my parents brought it home
my husband's at the backyard look like
Sanford and Sons but I'm going to prove
him wrong I started by spray painting it
after I patched the bottom with COA and
construction adhesive and then I layered
different C colored spray paint that I
already had cuz I didn't want to spend
money on this project to really um fill
it in and try to make it look like stone
for the back eventually I'm going to
replace this with new sheet metal but in
the meantime it's a dollar store um like
a I don't know patio hanger and a piece
of wood that we already had I used this
ttin Dollar Store thing in the back to
patch the hole and the wood is going to
hold candles and ston so I needed to use
a baking pen in case you know a candle
fell over or something like that I
started spray painting it with black
outdoor um heat resistant spray paint
just to fix it up a little bit and then
this is the final after filled it with a
bag of stones was just $4 and some
Dollar Store candles all in all this
transformation was under
$25 that's what I spent and I'm
absolutely thrilled it looks beautiful
at night all it up with the candles
eventually we're going to put a propane
heater in there but in the meantime this
is working great on a really small
budget so again the before and the after
if you see something with potential on
the side of the road I'm going to
suggest you give it a try you literally
have nothing to lose so much of my patio
here has been put together on a Sho
string budget all of the furniture was
purchased either secondhand um yard sale
a lot of online swaps like we we use
Kajiji it's like Craigslist here or
Facebook sales to find this furniture
that just happened to all sort of go
together I decided you know to go with
one color scheme so it was easy to piece
these mismatch pieces together to make a
really pretty look on a really really
small budget I did purchase the throw
pillows um afterwards but again such a
small cost compared to buying all of
this stuff brand new and I think that
the addition of the outdoor fireplace
from the garbage really just adds to it
and I'm thrilled with my dumpster dive
find speaking of dumpster dive find you
know that this chandelier I did last
year um was fixed up with just some
spray paint and we use it out as an
outdoor
chandelier I love my little gnomes I had
to share them with you guys the dollar
store hear no evil see no evil speak no
evil Dollar Store gnomes are so sweet on
that deck so that's it that is my
backyard on a super small budget and
transforming you know from Trash to
Treasure is probably one of my most
favorite things to do and it always like
you know when somebody says oh I you
know love your outdoor fireplace it gets
me so excited when I can say I found it
in the garbage and I fixed it up for you
know $20 or $25 it's so much cooler than
just buying something at a store so
thank you guys so much keep your eyes
open next garbage day you never know
what kind of trash and treasure you can
find thanks so much and we'll see you
next time
[Music]