how to fix your worn and Faded analine
leather chair and make it look like new
again okay so before we get started
we're just going to explain the type of
Kit you're going to be purchasing you're
going to be purchasing the analine renew
leather die repair kit this is
specifically designed for anline
Leathers that fade out from the Sun they
usually start fading out after about 5 7
10 years they start wearing we explained
that to you already but it's also made
for soft your leathers and it goes on
sort of translucent and it's a one-step
process it actually has a built-in
sealer so you apply the dyes dry them
apply them again apply them again each
coat that you put on is going to look
richer and richer nicer and nicer and
then when you're finished you let it dry
and you're finished you're done so this
is the anline renew leather dieye repair
kit it comes in an 8 oz bottle this is
called a maroon Brown C and it also is
sort of like a Blackberry color it's a
brown with a good amount of red in it
and dark too you would get the 4 oz
bottle of the professional leather
cleaner and sprayer leather cleaning and
dusting cloth applicator sponges rubber
gloves and sandpaper so without further
Ado let's clean this up and let's get
started we'll be back in a
minute okay so we're just going to shake
the bottle well there's a glass bead
inside but you really really want to
shake it up you know you never know when
shipping and all the rest of the stuff
sometimes the colors can separate and
what you would do is you would shake it
well maybe even for 30 seconds or a
minute sometimes in the videos you know
you just see me shaking it like this but
you should actually shake the bottle to
get the most accurate color other thing
is too this is a work area so we don't
care if we wreck the carpet or who knows
what but you may want to put down like a
little tarp down underneath here just in
case you're messy or who knows what you
know put the D it's going to drip on the
floor you don't want that so put
something down okay always have maybe
like a rag with some water handy so this
way if you did get it on your caret you
could just wipe it clean with some water
since these are water-based products you
would use water to wipe it away once you
know if it's still uh if it's still wet
if it's not totally cured so here it is
right here we've masked the wood CU this
is a really nice chair with wood uh
We've shaken it up this is the maroon
Brown SE we're going to apply it to the
sponge and with the analine renews we
always recommend you you put the D on a
little bit more
liberally in other words use a little
bit more product because they go on
translucent okay and again you may think
oh wow that's pretty dark well that's
that's what it was this is the original
color right here see this is just faded
out to that so we're just going to wipe
it in we're going to wipe a nice thin
coat
in and that's the penetrative coat okay
okay if you're getting lots of streaking
you're pressing too hard just use a
really light hand and it's no big deal
or anything like that if this is just
the first uh penetrative coat and it's
going to sink down into all that micro
brace of
wear so it's going to sink down into the
hide okay and then when it dries and it
cures it's actually going to strengthen
those areas where there's wear this is
just topical wear you don't need to
apply a filler on here really uh if you
just apply a few coats of dye that's
going to fill it in if you see that
there's a gouge from a cat scratch or a
nail or something like that you can use
the dyes as sort of like you know if
there's a scratch this way you would
just basically try to reglue them down
with the
diee here you can see that there's a
scratch well if you just go like that
let's say you just had a scratch on this
chair you just sort of wipe it in just
like that and it's finished it's done
you just let that dry and it looks
fantastic you don't need to get all
Technical and you know get all worried
and everything you just basically wipe
it on you dry it so I don't have my
dryer with me but I'm going to get it
I'm just going to dry this area and
we'll be back in a
minute okay so we're back we're going to
dry this area up you can see that when
the dyes go on wet they look a little
bit shiny and then of course when they
dry they look a little bit more matte
because that means they're dry you're
just checking to see if the area is just
dry to the touch and if it's dry to the
touch it's dry enough to apply another
coat you don't really have to wait
overnight you can if you
want see right here the foot panel
underneath again you might think this is
dark but this is the original color of
the chair here just going to sort of
wipe it into the whole thing it's just a
thin
coat and ease up on your hand ease up
on if you don't want that streaking or
anything like that just ease up on
it okay and then put another thin coat
on
here
buy a little bit more product on
there so now what we're going to
do is we're just going to sort of like
dab it on inconsist it's a little bit of
like an artwork you know you want to
sort of look at it from back here see
how you're doing you know apply the dyes
inconsistently try to recreate that
modeled
effect like
that I mean you don't have to be perfect
it's not about
perfection it's about using these
products to make your chair look
fantastic leather isn't perfect
anyways there's all kinds of different
things going on thick areas thin areas
uh differences in panels like some
people you know they have leather
furniture and one panel doesn't match
well that's because that part of the
high took the dieses differently than
the other part and it was up to the
furniture manufacturer to make sure that
all the hides match before making that
couch and with a lot of these anine
renew or or with these analine uh type
Leathers a lot of them take the dyes
inconsistently because there's thick and
thin areas there's belly wrinkles
there's the part along the spine that
all absorb the anline die differently
and that's what gives it its uh its
natural and beautiful appearances
because of its imperfections not a not
about its
Perfections
so generally when you purchase our kits
whatever area you're working on is going
to look like new that's just the only
that's the only thing we we can offer
whatever you do is going to look like
new so if you think you're just going to
do an armrest you can do that armrest
but that armrest is going to look like
new so you're going to want it at least
wipe a thin coat into the rest of the
chair so everything matches everything
looks like new everything will age at
the same rate and everything will be
protected so that's exactly what you're
going to do and that's what you're going
to want to do and that's what everyone
wants anyways so it's not about doing
little repairs you can do little repairs
with our with our uh with our kits all
you need is a really small kit or
something like that for touching up
different
areas but generally when you're dealing
with stuff like that you're going to do
the whole piece of furniture
generally when customers require you
know a die product it's usually anywhere
from 5 to 7 to 10 to 12 years down the
road anyways so even the areas that you
think look really really good they're
faded and oxidized over 10 years and if
you look inside the frame you're going
to see the real color well the dyes that
we
sell these are the real colors these are
unfaded unoxidized colors so that's why
they look exactly like Newan you can see
it here uh you can stop or now I can see
different things from my angle here
you'd actually want to match this up a
little bit to the to the foot rest I
don't know if you can see it in the
video but you're just going to want to
just apply another thin coat you'd want
to dab it on in
consistently just like that see how I'm
creating that model effect you may not
be able to see it on the
camera but you will be able to see it at
home of course it's activated by light
depends on how much light you have in
your
room just like that apply a little bit
more dye to the
sponge okay take your
time you know
sometimes we rush a little bit in the
videos but it's cuz most people don't
want to watch a 20 minute video so we do
what we
can and here of course is the area where
we thought looked really good and it
does look good but it looks even better
when I apply some dye on
it so much richer this is the real color
this is like a it's called a maroon
Brown sea or other other names for it or
like a black Berry
color all of our colors are basically
the most common colors for leather and
then whatever company gets their hands
on it they name it a different color or
a different skew so you just m want to
match your furniture up uh best you can
to the colors that we offer or you can
uh send us a small little Swatch even if
it's like a/ in by/ in piece and mail it
to us we can custom mix that color for
you and send you out uh pretty much an
exact
match and here we
are drawing it
up always recommend using a hair dryer
not a heat gun we just use the heat guns
for the
videos because it's
quicker
[Music]
okay so that's pretty much it as you can
see hands get kind of sweaty under those
gloves but as you can see and
feel this feels like brand new leather
again and it looks beautiful it looks
nice and Rich and of course it's pretty
much the same color that's inside these
tufted areas
is this is even faded out here but if
you look you know right inside there
that's the original color and that's the
original look and of course once we
remove this the chair is going to look
absolutely beautiful we've just redyed
this area here we of course could keep
going on the chair over here and this
chair is actually going to be going in
for our professional service where we
actually refinish the furniture for
customers redeliver them to their homes
but this is something that you can do
with our products in your own home and
get these type of results really
beautiful this is fully uh it won't be
fully dry in cure till overnight but of
course it's dry enough to hold on to and
to touch uh but it's fully protected
built-in sealer does a fantastic job you
can find this and many more products at
leathertouchupdye.com
to order this and many other fine
leather products go to
leathertouchupdye.com