yo yo yo it's Cinderella so what up
today I'm going to show you how to
remove a label or patch from a piece of
clothing so I'm going to use a seam
ripper and if you don't have one of
these you can just use a pair of
scissors so all you want to do is lift
this up and find the thread holding the
patch onto the piece of clothing and
just put your seam ripper in and pull it
until that thread comes loose you're
just pulling up the label putting your
seam ripper into the thread holding it
on
and just ripping that stitch by Stitch
as you go and it looks like this label
was covering up something weird on the
clothing it says NYC Polo really random
and cool I love it so you could leave it
like that or what I'm probably going to
do is cover it up with my own patch
that's how you take a patch off clothing
thank you so much for watching
Cinderella soap and I will see you again
soon peace