hello everyone this is Sarah welcome
back in this video I'll be showing you
guys another build-a-bear workshop kit
this one is called furry fashions and
with this kit you can make a bunny
ballerina
oh look at those tiny little ballerina
shoes I purchased this set at Walmart
they were selling it for $14.99 so let
me show you guys everything that comes
inside the box first is this really cute
bunny Oh doesn't you the sweetest little
face I love those long ears all of these
little tiny build-a-bear animals seem
like the really high quality these are
really easy to put together because when
you're done stuffing her you just pull
down the zipper and then the stuffing
doesn't come out these are so nice they
feel so supersoft here is a little
ballerina dress isn't this just the
sweetest it's made so well I love all
the detail all these outfits are
interchangeable between the little
stuffed animals so like the previous
bears I made this would totally fit them
well the ballerina definitely needs
ballerina shoes these are so nicely
crafted I can't wait to see what she
looks like in them here's a little bow
that she can wear probably in one of her
ears this is the little heart that
you're going to put inside of your bunny
just before you zipper up a package of
Skua she's stuffing a build-a-bear
workshop birth certificate and below are
some cardboard accessories lastly are
some instructions on how to stuff your
rabbit since I already have the
build-a-bear workshop stuffing station
I'm going to use it to stuff my rabbit
but personally I don't necessarily think
you need the stuffing station you could
always stuff the rabbit by hand all
right guys let's get our stuffing
station set up so that we can stuff our
cute little ballerina bunny
the stuffing that they give us feels so
supersoft and you're definitely going to
want to use all of it to stuff the bunny
if you have seen my previous videos on
the build-a-bear stuffing station
I have stuffed quite a few of these and
to be quite honest with you guys some of
these little animals are easier to get
onto the nozzle than others I think
there's just a slight variation on how
they're made I am able to get all of
them on eventually but some are just a
little bit tougher than others
I found it the easiest to stop the
bunnies legs and arms first
yay she's fully stuffed before a zipper
up I'm going to add the little plastic
heart first I'll punch out this
cardboard heart write down a wish let's
see I wish for okay I know I know I'll
just open up the heart put the wish
inside and so that it's safe close it
back up and then it goes right inside of
my bunny now all I have to do is if ER
up and if you guys have a paper clip you
can always attach it to the zipper and
it makes this a lot easier to zip
this little tag is annoying me I'm
totally cutting it off here she is it
says she just so cute I feel like she
needs a name what should I name her and
here she is all dressed up oh isn't she
just so cute oh I just love those little
shoes uh-huh I love how they tie on the
back of her little tulle skirt is so
cute oh I love her
well thank you guys so so much for
watching today if you haven't seen my
other build-a-bear videos I'll put the
links right there on the screen for you
to check them out thank you guys so so
much as always I will see you in the
next video