so here's what I'm I make for you
something in honor of Romans restaurant
to make a little chimichanga for you you
ever had a chimichanga
we'll make me do it so I'm a big fan of
the chimichanga kind of like a burrito
that gets a little bit of the deep-fried
I'm not gonna quite deep-fry it on you
today I'm gonna kind of give it a little
bit of a well a little bit of a pan fry
so I've got a little top round here that
I had my wonderful butcher cut up and
let me get this bad boy down first there
we go all right now we get some onions
and peppers working now the onions of
peppers can get kind of a rough chop to
them okay now get some onions down on
top of that now this is going to go low
and slow in this Dutch oven and what I'm
looking for something is can really
retain heat so I'll kind of put a sear
on it here hit it in with some of these
onions on these peppers and then finish
it off in the oven for about an hour
hour and a half until it gets really
nice and tender okay so these go down
boy how I wish I had somebody up here to
chop this
no no it's not going to be that easy
today I'll point out your friend I like
that now hey she wants to a little bit
of the jalapenos now I love the
jalapenos in California too prerequisite
you have to eat nine of these before you
can go into school no I love I'm telling
you peppers are one of my favorite
things but I think they get
misunderstood they think that they're
super hot and the reality of it is the
smaller the pepper the hotter the pepper
you get some poblanos they're not quite
as as fierce now now the jalapenos go
down I'm putting onion i'm putting the
seeds the ribs the whole enchilada
although it's a chimichanga but you know
what I never okay little rough chop on
some of the garlic I don't want that
garlic to go too small on me if I do I
have a tendency to burn thank you all
together as one there we go now let me
get a little bit of salt down on this
little black pepper fresh ground black
pepper a little bit of cayenne this is
where some nice heats gonna come in part
of the cayenne clubs here with us I
guess thank you nice representation
the Cayenne Club gets a clap me I'm
fighting for it out here okay there we
go a little bit of chili powder going in
and I'm gonna get a little granulated
garlic in too so I got to give this a
little mix a little stir because I know
that I've got some crust building up on
the bottom of this that's great can you
smell the flavor let me get a little
flour into this nice job
now what's this gonna do what's gonna
work with some of the fat at the bottom
of this and make kind of well take a
little bit of a roux so I'm gonna mix
this up now I'm going to hit it with a
little bit of red wine vinegar this is
going to help break it down add some
great flavor deglaze the bottom of the
pan there we go remember we've got the
onions and the jalapenos in there now a
little beef stock to go in okay and just
kind of getting it man not over the top
of it but up about two-thirds of the way
now with that all done the flowers are
in there the seasonings are in there mix
this up pop the lid on it now this would
go in the oven go down for about hour
hour and a half at about 350 I'm gonna
set this bad web but I got another
pretty one hiding downtown I feel like
I'm in some kind of a squatting you know
oh and he listed successfully folks
there we go now I also have some
tortillas there those are gonna come out
a second I'm kind of steaming the
tortillas to make those a little bit
easier to work with you try to take a
dry tortilla and wrap anything around it
well it doesn't doesn't work it breaks
apart it's gonna fall apart in the oil
but let's take a gander at this that's
exactly what I'm looking for
okay now this is almost falling apart
itself you can see how tender that is
you know that's so tender why don't you
taste it tane dynamite and invite you up
on stage but then it gets chaotic okay a
little bit of black beans go downtown
yeah that's what I say okay
and here we go with a little Pinto
kidney white beans whatever you got
available you want to go from dry you
can this is my quick and fast the easy
way to do this now let me get in here a
little bit I think I have a lime that
rolled away on me get a little lime
downtown so I got one of those squeezer
here for the margarita party it's still
here
what are you laughing at you were here
guy you guys were okay there we go put a
lime on that you what I'm gonna do is
just hit a little touch alignment to
that not knowing how much I get from the
zest a little bit more downtown here
some fresh cilantro that's what I'm
talking about you know sometimes when
I'm working with parsley Italian parsley
into a dish I'll actually add a little
fresh cilantro and it's got a real nice
I think it's got a real nice big flavor
to it okay so we'll give that a quick
little little dice we throw that in
there stir it around now I'm gonna take
the heat down here and let this just
hang out for a second put some that
cilantro open up so I've got this down
let me grab my tortillas I've got some
flour tortillas working for this that
oven is hot here we go
okay now you could do the tortillas in a
microwave if you want but I think
letting them kind of steam in their own
juices is great so you reach in here you
grab some of the meat there we go to
cover these back up so my whole steaming
process doesn't go away on us okay over
once over twice bring it together kind
of fold it in there we go
you know what come on back up real quick
get a little cheese in there I know my
own recipe
okay into the back of it grab a
toothpick underneath it with a toothpick
bring it over to the hot oil 350 degrees
and there is the beginning of the
chimichanga fest right there I would be
the champ of the chimichanga challenge
say that five times stop
so check out my chimichangas