hey guys it's Joanne I'm always looking
to give you the best viewer experience
for my recipes so I'm going to be
experimenting with a few different
styles of video in the next few weeks so
please let me know in the comments below
if you have any thoughts or suggestions
today we're going to make super fluffy
garlic knots these are such a treat and
they're so easy to make to get started
measure out one cup of hot water from
the faucet and you want it to ideally be
at 115Â°
so you can activate the yeast and you're
going to pour that into the bowl of a
stand mixer sprinkle over a packet of
Rapid rise yeast add in 1 teaspoon of
sugar and give this mixture a stir let
this mixture sit for about 10 minutes
and when you come back the water should
look really foamy and that means your
yeast is active so you're going to add
in 12 1/2 oz of bread flour that's 2 and
1/2 cups if you're measuring you're also
going to add a tablespoon of olive oil
and 3/4 of teaspoon of sea salt and
you're going to grab the dough hook and
just give it a stir to form a Shaggy
dough it's totally fine if it's not well
mix cuz you just want to get it started
here you're going to put the dough hook
and mixing bowl on the stand mixer and
knad this over medium low speed for 10
[Music]
minutes at this point the dough should
look a lot smoother and more cohesive so
scrape the dough off the dough hook and
set that aside and cover the mixing bowl
with plastic wrap to rise after after
about an hour the dough should be
doubled in size and look really big if
you pull the dough away from the sides
of the bowl it'll look kind of stretchy
and webike and you're going to remove
the dough from the bowl and place it on
a flowered
surface cut the dough in half then you
can cut each half into eight equal
pieces and they don't have to be perfect
so just eyeball
it now take each piece and kind of roll
it and pinch it out into a long rope
that's about about 6 or 7even in in
length and then you're going to tie it
into a
knot repeat this process with the
remaining pieces of dough and then put
your garlic knots on a silicone matte
lined baking sheet and you want to cover
the garlic knots and let them rise for
another 30 minutes so they can puff up a
bit I have lids for my baking sheets
which I absolutely love and I put a link
in the description box if you want to
check it out but you want to cover the
garlic knots with something just so they
don't dry out while the garlic knots are
going through their second Rise you want
to combine a half stick of butter and 2
taspo of garlic powder in a bowl and
microwave that until it's
melted and then you're going to brush
that mixture all over the garlic knots
and pop them into a 425 F oven for about
8 to 10 minutes when they come out they
should be puffy and a little bit golden
brown on the bottom thanks so much for
watching this recipe and spending this
time with me I I hope you enjoyed these
fluffy garlic knots and give them a try
please let me know again if you have any
feedback on this type of video style and
over the next several weeks I'll be
listening to your feedback and bring you
an evolved 15 spatulas bye guys
[Music]