[Music]
hi and welcome to spice it this today
because of this
smaller come annual to give us more
flexiblity not cooking a few of our
viewers has also asked us about
seasoning cuz I have walked a
well-seasoned cuz I knew what can
actually last you for years but I'm
still using actually the sauce for ten
over years already and is still in
perfect condition so I'm going to show
you how to season a cousin walk so they
can really serve you for years to come
before use it is always important to
watch the walk first know what my pet
peeve interesting a good walk is that it
has to be given locked up like this so
if you don't hear too much about all the
way like a dog or something event any is
good right the town car sample mean that
is actually quite heavy bottle I've
chosen a single hand out now you wanna
fix me easier to maneuver and to
actually shake the ingredient or moving
radius around so I'm just going to wash
this with
[Applause]
water an abrasive sponge and some
dish detergent over here just simply
just
inside and on the outside row so just do
this just clean up a little bit right
the reason of doing so is in case the
factory they have some protective oil or
whatever is that's on this wall we can
actually clean this up okay so just
freeze this off after isn't this off we
will go in season the water
sort of this won't be dry and we are
seasoned water heat up the wok
point on what we want to do is for the
heat to open up the pulse of this wok so
that the oil can actually sit pin and
make it nonstick okay the coating is
actually known as patina so this what
we're trying to achieve I'm using
vegetable oil right now
this will get very hot so be very
careful when you do this yourself you
can use medium heat right now I'm using
media tea to to do this at this woman
because I don't want my all to burst
into flame because this will take twenty
minutes or so just
coat them like this move the oil around
I'm gonna do this for at least 15 to 20
minutes to allow the oil to sip in now
you can see smoke rising up from here is
normal so much to worry but be very
careful that's right long it is very
very hot
in his vest okay this is very very more
more good power with this also be very
careful
[Music]
no useful piece of kitchen towel wiping
all around because the tapa I never
managed to cut it with oil
we're just going to do this
either you can see some discoloration is
fine it's totally fine so not to worry
this normal
right these are actually all iron so is
is actually beneficial so actually
helped to bring up the iron in your body
choice is pretty oh okay so truly this
piece of maple now one final step which
I'm going to do now and it's a Malloy
I'm trying this chive inside here
now this what my grandma my mom used to
do Laplace set up for the road which is
according to them this helps to clean up
the walk and also give it a fair
distribution and there's some chemical
reaction that's another type that can
actually have the ten men 1815 I agree
let's move them around so
[Music]
that's what about having a fun idea
steady TechSoup almost everything inside
it for nonstick pan you can do press
while I play with boys coming up with a
top I appear to care that you've got one
scratch that no one's picked pinnacle on
the pan the safest and healthiest and
around
 around until you can see this
siding all around this look it's ready
to use
okay
so we have let this cool down before we
all just wash it up again and deposit is
when you want to start this make sure is
dry okay and always watch the what we've
only be not abrasive part of the sponge
you can add a little bit of detergent if
you want to by every time when you reuse
my suggestion is that when you're
heating up the pan putting a little bit
of hoi sweat around so that the nonstick
will actually happen so basically
seasoning is done on this Walker ready I
hope you can find Google for yourself
and have fun with cooking that's all for
today thank you
[Music]