in this video you're going to learn how
to clean your tires the quickest and
easiest voice and get results from this
to this what are you going to need well
it's very simple some of the things that
you're going to need are once or a brush
like this and if you don't have this
don't worry you can also use your
kitchen pad you're also going to need
one long brush to get behind the tire
just make sure it has soft bristles
otherwise you will scratch your rims
then the next thing that you're going to
need are a wash mitt some microfibers a
bottle of your preferred degreaser in my
case I'm going to use super clean
diluted one part water one part
degreaser and then the next thing that
you're going to need it's a bottle of
your preferred degreaser in my case I am
going to use 303 air express protectant
because it's a water-based resin even
though silicone based resins are way
more shiny than any water-based resin is
not worth for me to dry out the oil so
the target and lead it to blow the tire
itself and then the last thing that
you're going to need it's a water source
it can be you garden hose your pressure
washer or a pond sprayer whatever you
have on hand what's also recommended
well what the recommended tools are not
necessary you can get the same results
with or without and they might help you
to save you time and energy and the tool
that I highly recommend you it's a drill
brush if you have a drill and one of
these brushes it's a super mega perfect
combo step number one dentists in this
step we're gonna clean the outer area of
the tire which is the rubber part we're
gonna simply spray some degreaser over
the area and we're gonna let it sit for
15 seconds this is to allow the
degreaser to penetrate and lift all the
dirt and after 15 seconds go rip with
your tarp wash or kitchen pad and work
the product after you scrub the area
rinse off the turn and go over with your
microfiber to see et tire is clean if
the microfiber is turning black then
this means you have to repeat this
previous process but if the microfiber
remains the same color then immediate
air is clean and you ready for the next
step step number two fresh in this step
we're going to clean the inner area of
the tire which is one of the dirtiest
part do that
all the break dolls stores here simply
spray some degreaser over the area and
cover with you slim brush a fight light
to medium force but never apply a lot of
pressure and no break dose is strongly
adhered to this area but the key here is
to wet the area and go as many times as
needed and once you scruff and remove
all the dirt rinse off the surface and
it will be ready for the next step step
number three 3 meses in this step we're
going to clean the outer area of the
tire which are the rims simply spray
some degreaser over the area and let it
sit for 15 seconds and while you're
waiting for the degreaser to work rinse
off and spray some degreaser on you
microfiber this is to make sure is
totally clean and to about any scratches
after 15 seconds go over the rims and
use your fingers to address every area
of the rim in after you scrub the outer
area of the rims go ahead and clean the
inside of the wheel nut by using a small
brush and once you remove all of the
dirt and repeat this previous process as
necessary you will be ready for the next
step step number four second dish in
this step we're going to dry out every
surface of the tire and this is for a
simple reason you have to make sure you
turn is completely clean and dry
otherwise if you jump to the next step
and the tire is still dirty and wet the
protection is not going to adhere and
the shine is not going to last as it
should be simply you can let the tire
dry by itself or you can go over with
your microfiber in my case I am going to
let the tire dry by itself so I can
clean the rest of the car and once
they're dry go over with your microfiber
to make sure there's no dust residue
once it starts I completely dry and
clean then you're ready for the next
step step number five d'italia dish this
is by far the best tag because here's
the time when you can set yourself apart
from everybody else by using your
imagination I am going to give you two
cheap and easy tricks but after that
it's upon your creativity to make your
tires best iris in the wall if you're
going to simply paint the letters of our
tires with some markers simply apply the
first coat of paint a good technique to
ensure a full coverage is by using the
square mat simply paint the edges of the
letters first to avoid getting paint
into areas that you don't want to end up
for you paint the edges it's not time to
play
the inside of the letters try to paint
in trade directions and not try to go in
circles because you're going to provoke
some paint overruns and you're gonna
make the drying process a lot longer
the key here swap by a light coat that's
it and after 20 minutes go ahead and
apply the second paint coat just like
you did with the first one just don't
applied a lot of pressure because you
may leave the first coat and after
you'll pipe the second coat let it dry
for another 20 minutes
once you've let the second coat dry for
at least 20 minutes it is not time to
apply the last coat remember to be
careful and not to apply a lot of
pressure and once you let the last coat
dry go over it with your dressing and
let it sit for five minutes right after
5 minutes lightly go over with your
microfiber to pick up all the rest and
now that you tarts are completely clean
and brass it is not time to look at the
results
but those of you who are interested to
know what products I've used I'm gonna
leave a link in the description below
and I'm also going to leave a free PDF
with all the things that we just talked
on this video this is for all of my deaf
community or anyone who would like to
learn plasma straight we can also do it
let me know at the comment section below
or my social media for any question that
you guys have or any suggestion into her
improve my videos or anything that
you're interested and you like me to
teach you and if you're gonna clean your
tires and you like to share the resource
with me make sure to take a before and
after picture of your results and share
it with me on Facebook or Instagram I
also want to see if you like this video
make sure to give it a thumbs up and if
you need to know more big human skills
consider subscribing thank you so much
guys see you on the next video
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]