[Music]
young cream Johnny whatever another way
to make cream honey stay tuned and we'll
show you my name is yaara and welcome
TVs are fun hey guys welcome to another
video of our channel if you're new here
and watching one of our videos we invite
you to subscribe to our channel and hit
that Bell icon too and you can also
follow us on all our social media today
we're going to show you another way to
make cream honey but before that let's
talk about honey raw honey will
eventually crystallize it is a natural
process the honey goes through in order
to preserve its state during the time
now how long will it last days weeks
months years no no no no I'm talking
about hundreds even thousands of years
as long as the moisture content in the
honey is not too high the speed on how
fast the honey takes to crystallize all
depends on the type of flower the honey
bees got the nectar from okay let's get
back on track I've like crystallized
honey which as you can see here is hard
and solid cream tony has more of a silky
and smooth texture now why is that it's
because the jagged crystals in this
honey have been dissolved and turned
into oval crystals in the creamed honey
let me show you what I'm trying to tell
you here
you can see here with the naked eye the
difference between the texture of the
crystallized honey and the creamed honey
the traditional way of making creamed
honey is by putting nine portions of
liquid honey and one portion of creamed
honey as a seed but in this case you'll
have to wait at least one week until the
crystals of the liquid honey copies and
reproduces the oval crystals of the seed
however there is a way to make the cream
honey and you won't have to wait a week
until it's ready the only condition is
that you will need crystallized time
okay so enough talking let's make some
cream honey I'm gonna make a big batch
because in our home we eat a lot of
cream honey and also our neighbors will
love a small gift from our beaver the
first thing I'm going to do is to put
small chunks of crystallized honey in my
bowl and the reason why I am putting
only small chunks because then you're
not forcing your whipping machine to
work too hard and you also don't want to
break one of your mother's kitchen toys
you can see that this honey is
completely raw because of all the little
things that you can see on top and the
reason for this is because we
drain our honey and we don't do any more
process to it what this means this honey
will contain bee propolis bee pollen and
even beeswax it can also contain
antibiotics that are good for us I'm
going to add a little bit more and then
we'll go on to the next step so now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to add a
little bit of liquid honey to start it
off why am I doing this because then the
Machine won't have to work as hard and
if you don't have any liquid honey the
easiest thing you can do is just take
chunks of your crystallized honey and
then put them in warm water until they
melt but don't go too hard on it or
don't heat it too much because then
that's going to kill all the good
properties of raw honey or all the
things that I mentioned before good
enough
now you can see here that I started off
with this handle for our whipping and
the reason for this because then we're
only going to use this to break down
those big chunks that I put in here and
we are going to start out with as low as
your machine can go you just want to
start it off really slowly you should
every once in a while stop your machine
and just take a little taste of how your
cream honey is doing you should know
when it's done
as soon as you feel the soft silky
texture and you can't feel any hard
crystals in your mouth okay so now stop
the machine let's bring this close to
the camera you can see how the honey
being turn the more into cream honey
now I stopped it I'm gonna add some more
crystallized
that this honey is not too hard and
solid as the other one that I showed you
earlier in this video and the reason for
this is as I mentioned earlier as well
it's because of the flower source the
bees collected the nectar from this
honey
still crystallized and you can taste it
and notice the jagged crystals within it
but either way this crystallized honey
will be dissolved and turned into smooth
and soft creamed honey
I want to make sure that this honey is
well whipped and all the crystals have
been dissolved properly but I'm also
going to add a little bit more of
crystallized honey let's make sure all
the honey has been whipped including the
ones that are stuck in the wall now
we're going to turn it back on and whip
it for a little bit more
hi I'm going to add a little bit more
crystallized honey for the last time so
now I am going to try it and this is
something you can do to test and see
when the crystals have been fully
dissolved mmm
still needs a little bit more and this
is where our next accessory comes in and
it's also going to help dissolve the
crystals a little bit smaller and it is
this one
get out and put this one in almost done
[Music]
[Music]
all right so now we are going to try
behind
mmm this is exactly what I wanted
smooth and silky cream fun what we're
gonna do now is we're going to take this
accessory off and get all the honey out
of it so it doesn't drip and make a mess
now that we're done you got two options
one you can just leave the honey here
for 24 hours and let all the foam that
will form because of the air that have
been mixed with the creamed honey and
you can just leave it there for 24 hours
and then take it off or you can just
bottle it right away which is exactly
what we're going to do right now so I'm
going to take our jar we also take a
spoon and just scoop that honey if you
decide to bottle it right away you're
gonna notice that by tomorrow or 24
hours you're gonna see foam on top of
the jar this isn't bad not bad at all
all you just need to do is just whip the
cream honey and then it's back to normal
simple as that
I'm gonna put a little bit more because
of the air that will form tomorrow you
can see that I put a little bit more in
the jar knowing that by tomorrow there
will probably be some air bubbles on top
of the honey and now I'm going to put
the lid on and we're done you don't have
to wait to tomorrow you can heat it
right now because this creamed honey is
all ready to be eaten
so 24 hours have passed and this is what
I wanted to show you you can see here
all the air bubbles that have emerged
from the creamed honey and why is that
it's because of the air that was mixed
while we were whipping it now if I were
to make a batch and I was going to sell
it I will probably just leave the honey
in the bowl and wait for all the air
bubbles to come up and then I will
bottle it because I think it will look
more professional but since we're just
going to eat it right away it's totally
fine look at the texture this looks so
good YUM
thanks for watching this video hopefully
you enjoy it and hit a thumbs up if you
did share this video with your friends
and family and also we're excited to
hear from you so leave a comment down
below or even a question that you may
have
and finally subscribe to our channel by
hitting that red button and click on the
bell and YouTube will let you know every
single time we release in your video my
name is yaara and this is these are fun
have fun and see you soon
[Music]