what's up guys Peter Bon Pandy here hey
do you toss and turn when you sleep does
your pillow compress into a wedge that's
propping the back of your head up
uncomfortably maybe you're flipping the
pillow over multiple times at night
because it just gets too hot and muggy
anyway if you have those problems you're
just like me what I would did is I
ordered myself an orthopedic pillow this
is not the only type that there is on
the market there are a lot of them but
this is a really common one and it's a
it's a full size as you can see it fits
uh my my giant pumpkins sized head it's
about the width of a pillow but as you
can see on the profile this is where
things get interesting it has kind of
this dog bone shape but it's but it's
bigger here on the bottom than it is
here on the top and the reason for that
is that this bigger portion goes under
your neck to to give your neck support
and to bring your head up to help your
posture and your comfort on top of that
what might be a little hard to see here
is be below this outer covering this
knit mesh type of covering you can see
the outline of a darker square and that
is a gel insert a thin piece of gel-like
material maybe not unlike shoe inserts
um or the tops that you get on memory
foam mattresses but uh that the the
orthopedic design here comp combined
with this gel insert should do a couple
things one it should give you a nice
comfortable support all night long but
on top of that this cooling gel should
keep it nice and comfortable because you
can't really flip this over and use the
other side so that should keep it keep
it nice and cool and your head uh in a
nice sweatless State now the key to
using this though is with the the big
side right under your neck and what I've
gone ahead and done is uh I tried this
out now and it really does work the cool
thing about it is that a lot of times
you're going to roll over onto your side
one way or the other and you're going to
need even higher support because your
shoulder creates a larger distance
between the bed and your head than uh
your bed and your back so what this does
is that these this larger lower portion
here actually does give you fairly nice
support when you roll over on your side
and I I definitely like it definitely
worth it if you're looking at pillows a
lot of times you're looking at different
materials different uh fillers and a lot
of that stuff just does not matter I've
had really cheap pillows to really
expensive pillows and they all suffer
from the same problem of eventually kind
of deforming and giving yourself a very
uncomfortable laying position but this
one works pretty nicely I'll put a link
to it in the description I picked it up
online pretty cheap and came pretty
quickly but overall a really nice little
pillow Peter Von panda with the
orthopedic pillow out