hey guys welcome back to my channel my
name is Claire Elizabeth but you can
just call me Claire and I'm here to
spread a little bit of happiness and
love through Kate now it's been a pretty
busy couple of weeks in the bakery and I
honestly didn't think I was going to get
chance to film a video but here I am I'm
determined to keep it up every week so
let's get into it
I recently got a question from somebody
through my Instagram about macarons now
I make a lot of macarons and have
certainly shared many tears over them in
my life but I think I've about got them
right now I promise you with practice
you can get them perfect - so this guy
he made a load of macarons but he
actually found that during baking a lot
of the shells cracked now there are many
causes for this but I'm going to tell
you the top reasons as to why this
happens the top cause of cracked shells
is that you base them without allowing
them to dry out first
basically when you've piped out your
macarons you need to leave them on your
kitchen side for around 30 minutes to an
hour which allows them the surface to
sort of dry out a little bit before you
bake them the amount of time that you
leave them out on the side really
depends on the temperature and humidity
of your room so it does take a bit of
practice a second reason as to why this
happens is that your oven was actually
too hot now I'll confine this is why
mine sometimes crack because it's
normally the ones like other side of the
baking sheet or the back where the oven
is probably a bit hotter so basically
you just need to adjust your oven
temperature until you get it just right
now also on this point you might find
that you turn your oven temperature down
and your macarons are still cracking now
what you can do is use a second baking
sheet underneath the one that you've got
them on and this will kind of stop it
getting too hot and stop them puffing up
too much and getting cracked it will
also stop the bottoms get
and overbaked before the actual macaron
is baked the next reason is that your
back that was too wet and this makes
your shells really delicate your butter
may have been too runny if you over
mixed it or maybe you didn't beat your
egg whites for long enough in the first
place you want to make sure that they're
really stiff and glossy before you fold
in your ground almonds and icing sugar
another reason is that you could have
added too much liquid in a form of
flavoring or color so just make sure you
add a small amount or I like to use
paste colors so that stops me adding any
additional liquid to my batter those are
the top causes as to why macaron shell
crack but there really are so many other
factors to take into consideration for
example it can depend on the room
temperature the weather conditions the
humidity the way that air circulates in
the room also this type of oven you're
using and the actual size inside your
oven is important now as I say I have
practiced a lot and I generally used the
same oven so I've kind of got to know it
and I know exactly what temperature to
use and how long to bake them for also
the way that steam escapes is important
I generally bake mine for around eight
minutes and I open the oven door
slightly which kind of lets the steam
out and I bake them for a further two
minutes with the door it's kind of
closed but a bit open to let the steam
out however that's just what works for
me it will be different for everyone so
you just have to keep practicing until
you get it right if you have any further
questions about macarons or
troubleshooting them please do pop them
in the comments below I can do another
video on this there are really so many
reasons as to why they go wrong and it
can be really frustrating so if there's
any way I can help then let me know I
really hope you enjoyed this little
video if you liked it please
thumbs up button and subscribe to my
channel so I can make more content like
this thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you next time guys bye