[Music]
hi I'm Lisa Broner today we're going
green with a green cleaning starter kit
getting yourself set up with all you
need to clean your house safely is easy
we're going to make an all-purpose spray
a glass cleaner and a scouring powder
giy these is important for many reasons
but mostly because the ingredients in
conventional cleaners are far from
trustworthy and the she number of Hazard
statements tell us that something is
wrong instead we can giy some excellent
and safe Alternatives giy means green it
yourself all you need are two quart
spray bottles one Shaker jar Dr Broner's
Castile soap white vinegar water baking
soda and optional essential oils such as
tea tree and citrus for the all-purpose
spray fill a quart spray bottle with
water now I'm using filtered water here
you don't have to it just makes for a
clearer
[Applause]
solution and then I'm going to add 1/4
cup of Dr Broner's Castile soap I'm
using the Citrus today because I feel
like it you can use whichever one you
like they all have the same base soap uh
just different essential oils or you
could use the unscented if you don't
like essential oils now I always put the
soap in after the water so that we don't
get a bunch of bubbles overflowing it's
a little
tidier then after that is an optional
step you can add 20 drops of tea tree
essential oil it gives it a little extra
punch this is now good to go now to
refill this cost about
$150 with the all-purpose spray just
spray and wipe with a damp microfiber
cloth glass cleaner is even simpler all
we're going to do is put in two cups of
water and again I happen to be using
filtered water here because I have an RO
filter but you don't have to so half
water and half vinegar plain old white
vinegar and that is it this will work
just as well as any conventional glass
cleaner and cost less than a dollar to
refill with the glass cleaner spray and
wipe with a dry microfiber cloth
scouring powder is just as simple all it
is is baking soda with a little bit of
an essential oil for fun baking soda is
the same stuff you're using in your
kitchen to bake with so you know it's
safe but you should be buying it by in
bulk with bags or boxes because you go
through a lot of it around your house it
makes a great laundry booster and I'm
putting it in a mason jar here but you
could also just reuse an Old Spice jar a
big one the one that already has the
holes in the lid I'm adding about half a
teaspoon or 20 drops of orange essential
oil because I like it it's my favorite
one uh and it gives it a really nice
fresh scent you could use any essential
oil you wanted peppermint lavender
cinnamon anything you wanted just mix it
up it's not going to make this any less
powdery the baking soda absorbs the
moisture pretty easily and then pop your
lid on I've got a nice pretty Daisy
shaped lid here and it's ready to go to
refill this cost about a
doar the scouring powder works great and
extra grubby spots just spray with the
all-purpose spray and sprinkle on the
scouring powder
give it a
[Music]
scrub and then a
rinse and away it
goes nice and
sparkly now what are you waiting for go
on get started and I'll see you the next
time we go green