hey guys it's Jenny welcome back to
solid gold today is the day that I show
you how I set up my 90g aquarium for a
little while now I've been wanting to
expand into some other types of fish
other than goldfish so I started looking
more closely at some other fish that
have always caught my eye but I always
thought well I'll never have any other
fish other than goldfish anyways so
while they're pretty they're not for me
well now I'm kind of thinking maybe they
are for Me Maybe I like other kinds of
fish too I'm not going to tell you guys
guys yet what fish I'm putting in this
tank I'm actually going to save that for
the very end of this series because I
want to keep you guys guessing and see
if you can figure it out after I had
done enough research to feel like I knew
what I was getting myself into with
getting these fish and I was well
prepared The Next Step was to actually
acquire the aquarium and here's some
footage from that today I'm on my way to
a little fish store called posidon
aquarium in Daytona Beach I've never
been there before so I really don't know
what to expect I just kind of want to
look around and see what their fish
selection is like but the main reason
I'm going is because I want to buy an
aquarium I don't know what their
selection's going to be like or if
they're going to have the size of take
and the dimensions that I'm looking for
but we'll see there's tons of fish
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I just finished up inside posidon
aquarium and you can see behind me there
I got a 90g aquarium it's not drilled
cuz I didn't want to go with a sump for
this setup I have a sump in one of my
goldfish tanks my 75 gallon I just am
not like a huge fan of it it may not be
that it was set up right to begin with
so that might be why I don't like it but
I wanted to try a canister filter so I
got the 90-gallon aquarium a pretty nice
tall stand for it a canister filter and
a fake rock background and a couple
pieces of Driftwood too not everything
fits in my car I've got like a small SUV
so we were able to fit the aquarium and
then the other random stuff but not the
stand I'm coming back out this way
anyways on Tuesday to get my hair done
I'm just going to have to pick up the
stand then so it's kind of a bummer that
I can't set everything up today but
that's fine I can wait what are you
doing o we got two cats
in Sammy he's in your habitat
as far as aquarium stores go you guys I
was actually pretty pleasantly surprised
because usually I
find something to be lacking in many
little aquarium stores that I've been to
but this one was pretty good they were
had a pretty good amount of space pretty
good selection the owner Nick was there
both times helping me and he was super
knowledgeable obviously I'm not new to
fish keeping but I did have some
questions about what he would recommend
as far as a canister filter he helped me
with that no BS just told me what I
needed nothing more you know wasn't
trying to sell me on like the most
expensive things which I appreciate just
a really really cool store I will
definitely be going back there now I
have to go to my hair appointment but I
wish I could just go straight home and
start setting up the tank I'm home now
after my hair appointment and you can
see the 90 gallon aquarium behind me so
exciting I wiped everything down when I
got home because it was a little Dusty
and the glass had some water spots on it
and stuff so everything's wiped down and
clean and ready to start setting up I
had a picture collage here I already
started taking it down you can see
there's a gap there where something used
to be so I'm going to have to take those
things down cuz they're kind of in the
way of the aquarium and then I'm going
to go get something that I can soak the
Driftwood in you're supposed to soak the
Driftwood for a while before you
actually put it in your aquarium because
it's going to rele tannins so it's going
to make the water look really Brown
here's the big 32 G garbage can that I
got from the hardware
store it's currently filling
up and I've got my Driftwood
here I'm just going to soak each one of
these you're supposed to soak the
Driftwood before you put it in your
aquarium so that it has a chance to
release all the
tannins before you put it in your
aquarium cuz nobody really wants Brown
Tan in aquarium water for a display tank
the big piece doesn't even fit all the
way in there it's sticking out so I'll
probably have to soak it for a while and
then flip it upside down and continue
soaking it I should have got the bigger
garbage can thought that would be enough
but it is clearly not
enough here's the stand and tank set up
in my living room I have this light on
it right now but this is not the light
that I'm going to use it's just so I
could test what it would look like with
the light
on and then under here I have my
canister filter not set up yet I got
some new buckets from the hardware store
so I can have dedicated buckets for this
system and I installed a little
light so that I can see the filter and
other things I'm storing under here
pretty easily now at this point I pretty
much had all the main elements that I
needed to get the aquarium set up under
way so in next week's video I'm going to
show you guys filling up the tank
testing the filter and adding the
decorative elements like the substrate
and the background and the Driftwood so
stay tuned for that this tank setup is
going to be in a series of several
videos over the next coming weeks every
Friday there's going to be a new video
update on the setup progress of this
aquarium so definitely stay tuned for
next Friday if you're not subscribed
already you're going to want to
subscribe so you don't miss it if you
are subscribed make sure you hit that
Bell button down below so you get a
notification as soon as the new videos
come out I also wanted to tell you guys
about something new that I started which
is Sol gold membership solell gold
membership is kind of like my own
version of patreon on my website see
websites like patreon actually take a
percentage of everything that you give
to creators so I just decided to cut out
the middleman and make my own kind of
patreon type thing which is called solid
gold membership if you sign up as a
solid gold member you are directly
supporting me and and what I am doing
here with solid gold in addition to that
there's also some perks and benefits
that I wanted to give to you so everyone
that signs up as a member will get the
two pack of solid gold stickers you'll
also get 10% off on anything on my
website also probably the most fun part
I think is there is a secret Solid Gold
members only Facebook group so you get
the chance to interact with me on a more
personal and one-on-one basis and with
the other members too in that group we
share stories with each other about our
fish keeping Journey we share videos and
pictures and we pretty much just have a
good time so if you want to get in on
that go ahead and follow the link in the
description section below that'll bring
you to my website that explains all
about solo gold membership and how you
can sign up as always thank you guys so
much for watching and supporting me by
sharing this video and giving it a
thumbs up I'll see you in next week's
video and until then Stay Gold