[Music]
to get started here I am preheating a
pan and I am going to be adding four
tablespoons of unsalted butter and I'm
just going to melt down the butter now
that my butter is almost melted I'm
going to add one clove of garlic I've
just split it and mashed it right down
the middle and at this point you can do
this method or you can just mince a
clove of garlic and toss it in there but
I just like to flavor the butter and I
don't want to cook overcook this I don't
want the garlic to burn so I'm going to
start removing it and as you can see on
the right side of your screen right
there my butter starting to brown so I
need to work fast I'm gonna lower the
heat I was working with like a medium
heat but I'm gonna lower it because as
you can tell my butter is starting to
brown but it's okay
so now I'm going to add 8 ounces of
cream cheese or you can add marscapone
cheese I will say this I typically use
marscapone cheese I just like to use it
but I do know that cream cheese is a bit
easier on the budget so this is why I
opted to show you the cream cheese
version you can use either or again it's
8 ounces so I've turned on my heat yes
don't worry it looks like a hot mess the
butter is browning and the cream cheese
just looks crazy
keep at it embrace the ugly keep it so
I'm going to take my whisk and I'm just
going to keep breaking up my softened
cream cheese by the way this was at room
temperature for like a full day for
several hours and it is softened but
once it hits the pan you just have to
work at it and eventually once you keep
whisking stirring breaking it down the
butter and the cream cheese are going to
combine and become a creamy consistency
just like this so it took me like 5 mmm
it's on a low heat you don't want to
work with the high heat when you're
melting down the the cheese's or the
milk or anything because you don't want
to scold or burn it so I managed to save
the cream cheese from burning and my
browning butter just remember work with
a low heat pay attention I kind of again
was in a hurry I'm doing too many things
so anyways now I am going to add
half-and-half
room temperature half-and-half by the
way you don't want to add cold
half-and-half because then you'll have a
cream cheese problem so now I'm just
going to continue whisking until
everything again gets creamy and smooth
and that's gonna take a while remember
you're not working with a high heat and
you want to whisk so now that it's
creamy I'm going to add some freshly
grated nutmeg
I don't measure this I just do a couple
swipes it's probably less than an eighth
of a teaspoon now I'm also going to be
adding some freshly cracked black pepper
to this as well the nutmeg if you don't
have it you can exclude that and just
add pepper but I really do like the
flavor that the nutmeg does give to a
cream sauce so if you have it try to use
it so I'm just going to mix everything
together and at this point the sauce is
almost done I'm just going to keep
mixing and whisking just to make sure
that everything is combined well and
it'll allow the the nutmeg and the
pepper to kind of marry into the cream
sauce so I have this again on a low heat
I wanted at a low simmer and now I am
going to be adding some Parmesan cheese
now the amount is sort of up to you you
know with a lot of my recipes I like to
leave room for you guys to make your own
decisions here but I'm going to be
adding around 2.5 to 3 ounces of grated
Parmesan cheese this is a 5 ounce
container I'm using a little over 1/2
maybe 1/2 again if it's 5 ounces that's
2.5 so again it's up to you and after
the cheese melts I'm gonna whisk this in
make sure everything again is combined
it melts down its creamy and smooth but
once I get it to that point you want to
taste it I find that the Parmesan cheese
is salty enough
with everything going on in this pot but
you might want to add a little more
seasoning or flavoring so it is up to
you this is a simple basic sauce and I
want to show you this is the perfect
consistency so now that my sauce is done
I wanted to show you that I have been
boiling some fettuccine noodles this is
a one pound box of fettuccine noodles
I'm just going to cook them for the
instructed amount of time that was on
the box and after these noodles are done
I am going to just drain all of the
water out and add it right into my
creamy alfredo sauce and that's it you
have fettuccine alfredo and sometimes I
like to just mix it all together just
like this add a little bit of parsley
and serve it as a side pasta dish -
roasted chicken and vegetables or with a
salad but today after I get everything
all mixed together I am going to add
shrimp now having said that let's take
time and just look at this beautiful pot
of creamy alfredo sauce and fettuccine
noodles I'm sorry I just you can
fast-forward but I'm I really I just the
sauce is perfect the consistency is
perfect again and this is an easy
version of alfredo sauce it's not
authentic but when you're in a pinch and
you want a creamy sauce I find that this
is really easy and again cream cheese is
easier on the budget grocery wise but if
you can afford it at some marscapone
cheese so now I'm gonna add my shrimp
and this is how I made my shrimp
I took a pound of shrimp I cleaned it
Dee shelled it took out the veins
David rinse patted the shrimp dry and
now all I'm going to do is just season
it and let it marinate for a little bit
so I'm going to add around the tbsp of
olive oil then I'm going to add the
seasonings of my choice you can use salt
and pepper garlic powder onion powder
I'm going to add two cloves of minced
garlic and to that I am going to be
adding a
of seasonings again I'm going to add
some onion powder and I'm just
eyeballing this I'm not really measuring
it's to your taste so I'm gonna add some
onion powder I'm also going to add one
of my favorite go-to seasonings that is
Creole seasoning Tony Sasser ease again
you can use all seasoning Lowery's just
salt and pepper it's up to you again I'm
not measuring this I'm just gonna shake
this right on top of the shrimp and then
I'm going to add some salt free lemon
pepper and then after adding again not
really measuring just doing things to
taste or what seems to be right for me
I'm just going to give everything a good
mix and just let that sit for like 15
minutes and then after I give everything
a good mix and I let it sort of marry
and marinate together I am going to
saute it in a pan and it's just as easy
as that and you don't have to use shrimp
you can dice up some chicken breasts and
season it the exact same way I do it all
the time or again you can serve the
fettuccine as a side pasta and serve it
alongside roasted chicken salmon a nice
juicy steak it's up to you so now in
goes my shrimp into a skillet and I'm
again I'm not even going to cook this
for five minutes this is sort of at a
high heat it's like a medium-high heat
and shrimp at room temperature will cook
fairly quick you just want as you can
see it's starting the tails are starting
to curl and turn pink basically you know
the shrimp is going to be done when it's
all pink and it's not translucent so my
shrimp is done I'm going to remove it
from the heat and set it aside until I
need it
and obviously my pasta is done so I am
going to place it right into my pasta
and give everything a mix and this
dinner took me less than like 25 minutes
to make maybe a little longer because I
was filming but again I'm just going to
mix the shrimp into my pasta and dinner
is served it's so easy it's so delicious
and again this is not an authentic
alfredo sauce but it really is tasty
and when you're in a hurry to get dinner
done and you want a creamy alfredo sauce
that's easy on the budget this is a
pretty good recipe to try but if you do
get the chance to splurge try it with
marscapone cheese it's really good so
now that everything is mixed I am just
going to serve a bowl and let everyone
have dinner and of course a good pasta
dish does go well with some crusty
garlicky butter bread or a side salad
but today it's just a delicious bowl of
fettuccine alfredo with shrimp and my
guys are not complaining I also want to
mention that the ingredients and
measurements are in the description
below this video so I hope you give this
recipe a try I hope you like it and
thanks for watching
[Music]
you