hello so I needed to deal I'm scale my
kettle as you can see that's getting a
bit disgusting in there because some
people in the house don't use the Brita
jug to fill the kettle and I've got some
the really nasty descaling I sit down
there and I was looking at the
instruction labels of it and you're
meant to wear gloves eye protection face
protection body protection all that it
didn't mention respiratory protection
but mask will give me face and eye
protection anyway so for I actually do
it properly as the label says on the
ball and we'll go through this is a
tutorial video I thought some people
might find it quite humorous to have NBC
type Kieran to do scale a kettle that
there you go so you can see nasty line
scaly in there it's not too bad because
I do descaler every few months but
anyway so let's get on with the video so
I'm gonna do first is put all my
protection on fully before going any
further work this so as you can see I've
got all my protective gear on
I've got raincoat on do a proper NBC
suit Israeli m15 gas mask on some old
rag a filter from the 80s that still
seems to work your work well enough I
want in this video and chemical warfare
gloves on so now let's look at the label
on this and this is the interesting part
where it has all the danger symbols so
I'm gonna really struggle to read this
in the camera viewfinder so let me just
read this here wear rubber gloves do not
use on marble or enamel surfaces do not
put bottle down on work surfaces well
after use all I'm already cut down on
work surfaces danger causes severe skin
burns and eye damage wash hands
thoroughly after handling wear
protective gloves protective clothing
eye protection and face protection if in
eyes rinse continuously with water for
several minutes remove contact lenses if
present easy to do continue rinsing
store locked-up
dispose of contents container to an
approved waste disposal site contains
formic acid and additives so there you
go this is the original kill rocket does
work very well
so what we're gonna do now Wow smaller
actually is getting put if I can through
these gloves on there you can never grab
anything properly because your fingers
don't actually go to the end of the
gloves and I can't I was gonna put that
over my eyepiece about right so what I'm
gonna do up of a motion right imagine
what I'm gonna do now is follow the
instructions so for metal or plastic
kettles half filled a kettle with water
and bring to the boil stand kettle in
the sink in case of excess fizzing add
one measure of kill Rock and leave for
five minutes until the fizzing stops
pour away contents three boil kettle
pull away and rinse before reduce wash
up in your switch so you can see there
it's got the measurement so last time I
used it I did roughly one measurement so
I'll do roughly you know one average
cattle mountain air again might not even
need to use all that because my cat was
not too bad so we'll see but anyway let
me prepare this bit then I'll start the
video again so as you can see by far
filled the kettle today and now I'm
boiling it once it's boiled I'll add the
liquid in but we'll do that in the sink
as said because you don't want to spill
acid on your kitchen surfaces right as
you can hopefully hear the cat was
coming to a boil
so that's carefully Mustang there we go
my stealing cattle the class joke in the
background had another type of descaler
and i did the coffee of the machine in a
few minutes ago so don't worry about
that that is the scale it anyway
you know full of snail so let me try and
accurately do one measure drop the
bloody cap right and here we go here's a
nasty vapors coming off bit more now
that should do it
okay so as you can see maybe that's
fizzing away pretty horribly in there
that's why all see this is nasty sort of
stuff from scumbag to use for acid
attacks people stated let me just try
and get the lid on this bottle again
sorry don't wanna leave the bottle of
acid open
so now that Rebbe is bubbling away their
different healthiest is to the camera
but that is literally fuming that water
and then you can actually see the steam
coming off which isn't steam from the
boiling kettle now my cursor like acidic
gas so yeah the same this is quite nasty
stuff now see this is gonna primarily
get the lime scale at the bottom of the
kettle I imagine if he wanted to get low
scale there the top of the kettle you'd
actually have to totally fill the kettle
but they advise you not to do that on
the instructions in case of spillover
that's when you do it in the sink as
well you know in case it bubbles up over
the top when you first pour it in yeah
there are acidic fumes coming off that
so I'm going to do now is I'm gonna
scrap the panel
because obviously I don't want this
building up in the air in this room
so this is the exciting part the video
of us I can take my protective gear off
very soon and all I have to do now
basically is make sure that when it's
finished fizzing away in there
I give you lots and lots of rinses and
reboil to the kettle before any what he
makes a cup of tea of it and why they
might dissolve there inside so there you
go but yeah this is a necessary thing to
hate line scale you don't see line scale
or break a kettle eventually if you
don't deal with it and wine scares just
very unpleasant on a cup of tea or
coffee um now let's dissolve all of that
in my acid I've this mate right that
should be enough time I'll click the
extractor panel now and pull this away
and then do the cleaning process I've
got a glove on my rifle if you look in
that you'll notice that there's
absolutely no limescale that looks like
a brand new cattle at least you can see
the line halfway down well I cannot my
eyes I can't see if you tell the camera
you can see how the lower half where the
acids been in is totally clean out
what's brand-new the upper half isn't
but anyway so let's do a couple of
rinses free
solitude a purpose of this is to get out
any remaining asset because there
probably is some in there also you don't
want to be drinking acid well so I've
done a couple of these reaches that
would be safe for me to take my mask off
all the seeker there's no danger acid
splashing in my face anymore
[Applause]
occupying for the final
[Music]
now once I've done this boil what I'm
going to actually do is only fill it up
for the brittle jug because that will
prevent limescale building up in the
first place but suddenly because I'm not
the only person in the house what some
people decide despite we us having a
Brita juggernaut to use it so anyway
let's put this on the boil
but that will conclude this video all
I'm gonna do now just do a couple of
boils and rinses with it and once those
are done obviously it should be
completely safe to use I'm not aware of
having splashed acid on my gloves
already think I will rinse them off
masks absolutely fine on the coats fine
but hey you know hopefully you found
Civic humorous this is basically what
happens if you actually follow the
instructions all those bottles of these
scalars and do it as they tell you to do
I'm sure most people don't wear any
protection at all but this is actually
the level of protection you're meant to
wear when doing this
you