hey there bike blogger here I'm about to
go for a bike ride a mountain bike ride
this is my GT piece mountain bike I'm
having some disc brake rub here on the
front wheel watch as I spin it obviously
the the rotor here is rubbing against
the brake pads that are inside this
brake caliper so to fix that what I'm
going to do I got a five millimeter hex
wrench or allen key I'm going to loosen
the bolts here on the brake caliper and
then I'm going to squeeze the brake
lever up here the front brake lever and
then I'm going to retighten the bolts
and by doing that the brake pad should
self align let's see if it works or not
loosen the bolts these two bolts that
attach the brake caliper assembly to the
frame
there's this bolt here and there's this
bolt here I loose okay so now the brake
caliper assembly can move around you
know you can move sort of back and forth
along these screws so now what you want
to do is you want to sort of align this
brake caliper assembly with the disc
rotor many of them are self aligning I
think this one is it's just really dirty
the wheel is probably not true so we're
dealing with multiple things here but
let's just take a look at it from this
angle you can sort of see how it's sort
of not I don't know if the camera is
really getting it it's not perfectly
aligned with in between the brake pads
and the disc rotor so there's not a lot
you can do about that but this brake
caliper is moving around I'm going to
make sure it's up against the frame and
the surface areas are touching uniformly
while holding it like that I will
squeeze the brake lever now I can let go
because this won't move because the
brake pads inside here are squeezed
against this disc rotor so they can't
can't go anywhere now I will tighten
these bolts take your time but I don't
have to go really fast if you go really
fast you might you know shake something
loose you don't want to do that let's
try to do it uniformly
and now we will spin the wheel and see
if there's any noise let go of the brake
lever
spin the wheel pretty good thanks for
watching