welcome back to ironic stems and we are
back with another Sims 4 tutorial house
gonna say episode I was close though
yeah so so today I will be teaching you
guys how to make ambrosia okay so in
order for you to do that first of all
website first of all you have to have
you have to have where is it you have to
have level 10 go make go make cooking
and level 10 cooking I think I saw it
somewhere anyway you have to have level
10 bolt your cooking and go my cooking
okay
second thing you need is second thing
you need is a angel fish and I'll show
you where to get that it's I'll show you
where to get that in a minute but the
other thing which you need is is you
need web sorry wrong place wrong place
you need a you need any where is it I
here it is you thought I saw it here you
can't be more down
[Music]
I hear this portion of you you need less
and and you can get those points by by
doing these two trades which I did very
simple this one you just need a whole
bunch of money this one you just need to
place items in your house and you can
easily either cheat you away or do it
the right way up to you but it is one of
the most easiest aspirations out there
so one so so I would like to make two
Ambrosia's there's no cooldown it's
basically just about how much supplies
you have so I'm gonna get one and then
I'm gonna get another one yeah okay and
the last thing which you need is a
lovely and and the most time-consuming
in the hardest one is a death flower if
you would like to to watch if you would
like to learn how to do leezar how to
grow these dead flowers then click maybe
I'll put a card I play I don't know I'm
so putting you to that or you can go
check it up on my channel I did a full
tutorial of how to grow how to grow
these these thingies you know these are
def flowers so so yeah so I'm going to
now show you exactly where to find these
these lovely little F angel fishes so if
you would please follow me over here
then we can get started with this lovely
presentation of how of how to find a of
how to find a angelfish
Oh tell a gym whip see okay now let's
let's go and make the ambrosia yes
finally let's go okay so so now first of
all what you want to do is you want to
you want to first of all you know look
at how beautiful this lovely kitchen is
then you want to go get the ingredients
right from the fridge over here and then
and then you want to go and then you
want to go straight to the stove and
just pop everything into the pan without
chopping everything so you've got nice
nice huge huge chunks and then you want
to and and then you want to just do that
I guess and then you want to just try
and figure out why why and how did all
of those ingredients turn into that so
instantly you're thinking like like is
there a witness house or something
yeah and yeah there's there's that and
you just want to keep on staring at it
and looking at it and then and then you
just go and then you just plate it right
here and then you've got boom what a
lovely glowing ambrosia
okay so why don't we now go take a look
at these amazing what this amazing
ambrosia which we've now made and I also
can guarantee that you can make it
yourself which is pretty pretty awesome
so that's of course that's of course
take a look around you actually want to
go this way I just want to go take a
look this way and for us so we can so we
can just like you know see what we think
so are you gonna go all the way around
all the way around is massive kitchen
and then so we're gonna go here and then
we're going to of course turn around and
then of course boom there is our
ambrosia looking fine and amazing let's
let's take a look at it up close just to
see you order that light is even killing
my eyes I'm sure it's killing your eyes
let me know in the comments if this
light is killing your eyes at the moment
it Tiffany is mine
okay so yeah so now you guys know how to
make the ambrosia anyway thank you very
much guys for watching please hit that
like button smash it in the ponders and
I'll see you next time and have a lovely
day
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]