[Music]
hey guys today I want to make a
chocolate martini something decadent and
indulgent for Valentine's Day what I
have here is some chocolate fudge no hot
fudge topping by Smuckers it's a little
thick so what I did was I put some out
on to a plate and put it in the
microwave um the reason why I got this
is because I don't like high fructose
corn syrup you can use whatever you want
but what I want to do is Rim my glass
with the
chocolate so however you want to do it
to get that chocolate on your glass
before we get
[Music]
started there I'm going to pop this back
in the freezer and we'll get started on
our
cocktail okay got that out of the way so
this chocolate martini you guys is
delicious I have my cocktail shaker full
of ice and oh measuring glass I have my
cocktail shaker full of ice we're going
to start with some Bailey's Irish Cream
we're going to have a uh 1 oz of
Bailey's Irish
Cream and then we're going to add 1 oz
of creamed
cocoa now this is chocolate
and
indulgent and so delicious and whether
you are making a Valentine's dinner and
you're snuggling with your
sweetie or whether you're having a party
and having all your single girls come
over this is going to be a martini that
goes over all right we also want an
ounce of vanilla
vodka so it's very simple it's an ounce
of everything well except for the good D
but we're going to add a little bit more
um then our star the show is our gadiva
chocolate Lor I'm going to say an ounce
and a half since it is a chocolate
martini after
all and
then half an oz 2 an oz pretty much
whatever you want your taste of half and
half now I did you could use heavy cream
for this um or you could just use milk I
went ahead and and went somewhere in the
middle and decided to go with half and
half all right that's it we're going to
put on our lid and give this a good shap
any of my martinis I'm making I want
them to be shaking
[Applause]
vigorously grab that
[Music]
glass Okay so we've got our chilled
glass with our chocolate
rim and our
beautiful chocolate
[Music]
martini like I said either perfect for
an intimate night in or a fun party with
your girlfriends I've got a stick I'm
going to add some raspberries to this
because who doesn't love chocolate and
raspberries
together just going to slide these on
this will be our garnish for our martini
glass
[Music]
and there you are your fabulous
Valentine's
Martini
[Music]
cheers you know what I really do wish
you guys could try
this so since you can't you're going to
have to make one for yourself leave in
the comments below how well it went over
and if it's past Valentine's Day feel
free to make this anytime and you and
your guests won't be disappointed make
sure you check back with me I put out
videos weekly if you like this video
don't hesitate to give me a thumbs up
comment below and let me know what else
you'd like to see and if you haven't
already you may want to subscribe until
next time stay sweet we'll see you
later
[Music]
bye wow that's good
half and half here
[Music]
okay actually put the back in the
microwave for 2 seconds just keep it
going keep it going coming back I'm
coming
back 2 seconds go go go maybe
[Music]
six oh don't see in front of the
microwave oh that's
[Music]
enough all right
[Music]
[Applause]