hey y'all welcome to my channel I'm
coming to you today with my first foodie
Fridays and I thought it would be
awesome to do a staple here in southern
Louisiana and do red beans and rice and
I'm going to not only do red beans and
rice but do it in the crock pot so that
makes it even better right so I want to
go through the ingredients that you'll
need for this crock pot red beans and
rice and then I will show you exactly
how I make it and all the steps and the
final product so for the ingredients you
will need garlic cloves I use three
garlic cloves three to four these are
huge garlic cloves I don't pick tup like
a garlic cloves garlic on steroids
apparently but I'm going to use three of
those I have one whole onion that I'm
going to chop it doesn't have to be fine
because it's going to cook down in the
crock pot I like to use Vidalia or sweet
onions but if you can just find regular
onions that works just the same one bell
pepper chopped as well doesn't have to
be finely cut a pound of red beans or if
you're in the north up down here in the
south we call red beans everywhere else
they're known as kidney beans so you
need a pound of those you need a pound
of smoked sausage I like to use turkey
sausage just because it is a little bit
leaner and healthier and I can't tell
the difference from using regular
sausage in the past so I use turkey
sausage and ours you need a tablespoon
of Tony Sastri's or Creole seasoning if
a tablespoon is too much I like things
spicy and I can't even really tell
there's anything in there with the
tablespoon you might want to tone it
back a little bit you know you can
always add more but you can't ever take
out once you've added in there just
Cajun seasoning of any kind if you don't
have Tony Sastri's you need two bay
leaves and you need a teaspoon of black
y'all so what I did last night
I put the beans in a pot of water to let
them soak and as you can see if you're
looking at them it kind of breaks up the
bean and softens being a little bit to
get it ready to cook throughout the day
so it speeds up the cooking process just
a little bit so they've been sitting in
the water and what you want to do the
next morning is you want to take that
actual water it's been sitting in all
night and use your measuring cup and you
need six to seven cups of water in your
crock pot so I'm going to transfer my
water right
and I'm actually going to do seven this
red beans and rice recipe to you and I'm
spilling it everywhere making a mess and
seven this red beans and rice recipe
guys it is not a thick super thick red
beans and rice recipe but it will
thicken up overnight as you let it sit
so if you like a thicker you might want
to cook it and eat it the next day
because all the flavors and all the
spices will marry and it will be a
little bit thicker the next day but I
like it either day it's fine with me all
right so after you have transferred your
six or seven cups of water into your
crock pot now you're going to drain the
excess water from your beans and then
transfer the beans over into your crock
pot all right so I've drained all the
water from the rest of my beans in the
pot and I transfer the beans back into
the water that I transferred from the
original pot the six or seven cups I put
seven so also what I did last night this
saves me a lot of time in the morning
when I'm going to work is I went ahead
and I chopped up my ingredients I was
telling you about
so in this Tupperware container I have
the one bell pepper chopped the onion
the garlic cloves and the sausage so
that way in the morning all I have to do
is dump all this stuff in the crock pot
and I don't have to worry about chopping
anything or spending time doing all that
so I'm going to take all these
ingredients and I'm going to transfer
them back into the crock pot alright so
that's all in there all the ingredients
done and as you can see guys I was talk
about the onions there are some big
onions they will cook down so don't
worry about that alright so then I have
my two bay leaves that I need to add in
there so add those I'm going to add my
teaspoon of black pepper
teaspoon of black pepper sprinkle it in
there alright I'm adding my Creole
seasoning my Cajun seasoning and again
member if you don't want to use a whole
tablespoon because you think it's too
much you can always cut it back and use
exactly what you want or you can add
more if you like it's super spicy
all right so those are all the
ingredients for the red beans and rice
then you just take a spoon and you just
gently stir and marry all the stuff
together all right so I have all my
stuff now in the crock pot put the lid
on and then I'm going to set it on low
for eight hours so let me get that going
all right so it's done on low for eight
hours and you just leave it alone you
don't do anything to it and you'll come
back in eight hours and your red beans
and rice will be done how easy is that
y'all and let me tell you these red
beans taste so good so when I come back
I'm going to show you what it looks like
with the rice already made and I always
make a sweet golden corn bread to go
with it and I had jalapeno dices to my
cornbread I told y'all I like things
spicy so I will also link the cornbread
recipe down below as well if you want to
try that to make along with your red
beans so I will see you in eight hours
so you can see what the final product
looks like
all right y'all it's been eight hours
and the red beans are done so I wanted
to show you what the final product looks
like all right so this is what the beans
look like after they've been cooking
eight hours I'll stir them around so you
can see but they are like I said they're
not a thick red beans and rice the first
night but if you let them sit in the
refrigerator overnight all the flavors
marry together and it does thicken up
the next day so you feel like a thicker
red bean you'll want to eat it the next
day so those are the red beans there is
my cornbread that I made to go with it
you can see there is some jalapenos in
there because I like it super spicy and
I even managed to make a dessert I made
a cookies and cream blondie Oreos but I
made it with golden Oreos instead of
regular Oreos like I usually do and this
is a super favorite of ours and the
hubby has already been into it before
dinner so I'm going to now plate the red
beans so you can see them alright y'all
so this is the final product plated and
all ready to go just need the cornbread
to go with it and you are all set
alright so that is crock-pot red beans
and rice
if you alike foodie Fridays
you want to see another recipe coming
your way please hit that like button so
I know to continue to make these and you
have not subscribed to my channel please
subscribe so you don't miss any future
foodie Friday's coming your way thank
you all so much for watching and y'all
have a great day
enjoy