I gotta tell you guys ever since
becoming a mom quesadillas have become a
staple in my kitchen they're quick
they're simple and they're really easy
to stuff with lots of delicious
nutritious ingredients I'm Danny speed
and for this quick bite I'm sharing one
of my favorites broccoli and chicken
stuffed quesadillas and here's all
you'll need 2 oz of pre-cooked Chicken
Chopped up half a cup of chopped steamed
broccoli 1/3 of a cup of shredded Parkin
mozzarella cheese one whole grain
tortilla I like Ezekiel 2 tbsp of
non-fat plain Greek yogurt 1 teaspoon of
ground up red chili paste and a little
salt pepper and garlic
powder now the first thing I do is make
the dipping sauce by combining a little
bit of red chili paste with some plain
Greek yogurt the Greek style yogurt has
a nice thick and creamy consistency so
it makes the perfect substitution for
sour cream okay that's done so let's get
started on the quesadilla whenever I'm
making a quesadilla the first thing I do
is toss my ingredients into a hot pan
more often than not I'm just pulling
leftovers right out of the fridge and I
don't want to put cold ingredients into
a hot quesadilla and you just want to
toss that around till all the
ingredients are heated
through the secret to an extra yummy
quesadilla is to season your fillings
before you stuff so I'm just going to
hit this with a little salt
pepper and some garlic
powder okay now we're going to build the
quesadilla so I've got a nice hot dry
pan and into that goes my whole grain
tortilla as long as the pan is good and
hot you won't need any additional oil or
butter to get the tortilla nice and
crispy just give it a minute or so and
once the tortilla starts to heat through
just flip it on over and then we're
going to start building I'm going to
take half of my cheese and layer it down
on one half of the
tortilla then on top of that goes the
chicken and broccoli
mixture now guys you want to resist
temptation of over stuffing the
quesadilla here trust me with this one a
little bit goes a long
way once you've got the chicken and
broccoli down you're going to take the
rest of your cheese and lay that right
over the
top and then we're going to flip the
tortilla over onto itself into a half
moon then I'm just going to place my tea
kettle right on top you could use any
heavy Potter pan that's going to help to
squish everything down the tortilla will
get nice and crunchy and it'll stick
together after about a minute or so
you're just going to flip the tortilla
over you're looking for the crust to be
nice and brown and crispy and crunchy
and that's when you know it's ready to
go you know these quesadillas aren't
just great for a quick week night meal
they're good for entertaining too cuz
you can make a whole bunch of them and
just keep them warm right in the oven
now if time's an issue you can always
take advantage of the salad bar at your
grocery store you'll find tons of
delicious nutritious ingredients that
are already washed and prepped so by the
time you get home for dinner the dirty
work is
done
oh nice and crispy on the outside ooey
gooey on the inside now all we have to
do is cut it up and it's ready to go so
the next time you're looking for a
familyfriendly meal that's super fast
and super easy you got to try these
broccoli and chicken quesadillas I'm
Danny speed and I'll see you next time
with another quick
bite they're quick they're simple and
they're really easy to stuff with lots
of different different def def