hey guys and Merry Christmas uh
if you are not traditional person like
me you may have no family no Christmas
ham no warm family gatherings but you
know we do how we have post mates J
serious ones at my post mates please god
I was kidding I was like I am posing we
know Shane's must make Queen I'm cause
make princess but like yeah we have post
Nate's get delivery services if you
don't oh my gosh I feel so terrible for
you move out of the city you're living
in right now but hopefully you have some
sort of delivery or something or some
sort takeout service anyways I think
Christmas ham and mashed potatoes are
like overrated I feel like that's four
things giving I feel like Christmas
breakfast is where it's at if I have a
family one day God willing I know I've
done a lot of bad things bad but please
please I would like some sort of
happiness my life um I want like
Christmas breakfast because I love
breakfast foods oh my god so much but
we're gonna have a feast because
probably this is the last song of
2017-2018 i am gonna try any better I
know I always say this but like for real
[Music]
okay why am I so happy though
so much skin and there's so many
utensils they literally think three
people are eating with me little do they
know it's just means a little bacon this
bacon is kind of insane this is so crazy
Oh oh my wrong what specific place I
were to make him from how's your
Christmas muscle [ __ ] bacon era they
guys make a fair food I've done rightand
with you
I'm looking at my tree house enough
presents very good I like y'all yeah
Mira what I'm sad I was gonna be your
family cousins aunts uncles a Hawaiian
but I don't I do that not bb8 twice
already bass or ma seed Adam is my
recharger I'm so um you know they don't
have sausage what they left toast
because mmm I'm gonna take you sure you
don't need to know a lot all this up
there but I'd like to scoop up these
because I got over overeasy egg and the
reason I'm like already a second school
posted the toast
so doesn't it prove difficult because
I've nothing to soak it up with oh they
gave me a lot of hostages don't know why
they really thought I was on Atkins diet
today we're gonna make it so hard to eat
it's gonna be even harder to eat with a
spoon
not super ox breakfast food is where my
favorite food ever if you like a bomb I
took pictures myself and I found this
morning I was fighting we love a
breakfast legend medicine me it's really
so hard
okay that was it so my feet mm-hmm I
love eggs and Bakey good on my blog
Channel
all right egg and bacon dictation I'm
not at the same time
mrs. way Clinton oh but then in a way I
just complain about Christmas behind I
have known I don't have like a big
family I don't have like a ton of
friends spent it with but then I know
the grass is always greener on the other
side what I think what the family I do
have it my relatives like not my
immediate family um I wanna see you know
my my dad sigh the family's pretty cool
my mom sides I'll wonder yoga slides
down my throat I guess I'm not all my
family but my mom's a little crazy
and then they're gonna have only know my
dad side all that well not therefore not
my fault dislike weren't brought up
together you know I've been saw them a
lot when I was really little pressing
you back now Ellis cousin on my dad's
side there's like 40 pilots cousin on my
mom hides 42 which is pretty great given
time no that's a big age difference
there were some cousins that were close
to my age even on my mom side that lived
like really close to us like literally
in the same town that would just never
were close to him and just all hi your
parents kinda like bringing up like
you're gonna be close to very best
friends or maybe don't see that BAM my
dad said can we live in Cleveland and we
grew up in Chicago so that was always
you know habits we're not gonna be super
close you were always a little closer
not like them I do wish I was
I was closer and that we like grew up I
would say my Uncle Joe who was out here
in California like channel coach I
refuse to be able to watch it's not he's
talking buddy goes out I didn't do that
got thumbnail tried on that but like we
lived on and off with him out here
I literally just spit that patch right
out so far the Supes embarrassing if you
guys saw that pants oh oh hands won't
eat me when I'm alone I'll to make God
hangover cause there's literally someone
pick a nice to begin stripping this like
I mean and they went it pink easy hey
why all right covered up I didn't think
this trouble egg whites can I do like
easing those are consider like my
healthy meal today as well
pretty good another funny not about him
not a kind of anyone we don't need drama
about truth to you sister how every
youtuber does music in music in just now
I guess that Ivan's great I think
awesome on a fun day but like every
single one does like songs and it's just
it's just crazy how like that kind of
blew up
I guess cuz it does they do get like
views and they're and they're fun I feel
like everybody secretly wants me like a
rock star our pop stardom our rap oh gee
I just had a blow-up everywhere but
there are some good Christmas song this
year he Dylan to me that he reacted to
my custard song up to watch it close
dude Christmas songs Rylan trains me up
um yeah I think Christmas is just great
I just what I just watched Scottie sires
um a lowly Christmas can we look at such
a gap music I'm all are you worried I
think she's like the most like
legitimately talented musician writer
rapper the rate the way he raps it very
difficult you're right there like make
that song thanks meaning
there's no one with you don't have a son
just realizing I just don't recall
coming my way kind of overwhelming me
when I just gonna decide you know what I
might actually save these muffins for
later cuz laundry I'm I'm dead mommy
some love right they they okay we check
oh yeah this is so for a while I don't
know what to get first I feel like I
already mentioned this but I'm
definitely mention it in like paycheck I
definitely mention my vlogs I wish I
were from is like a bakery you have
really good like muffins roses maybe
banana nut
they're bouncing through the net hole
through everything Joe mm yeah
I forgot like everything kylo Ren is so
hot
Mary's no incidents always a good halo
is gorgeous
I've literally and all you dreamed about
in the past
do we have one I'd like as a Star Wars
character and then I also had a dream
last night
what two dreams what I was very explicit
and that's gonna be on my pager it's
also very gross and nasty which I would
never talk about while I'm eating but
after yeah um no but then I had another
dream that I was getting like the after
hoop like higher up you know I don't
know his name but he like invited me to
sat and everything like turned on during
like the scenes
oh my goodness gracious I think it's a
joke one of my friends well and not the
pancakes but I will like funny when my
really good friends got me a shirt my
blog got me holy water from the Jordan
River
where Jesus was baptized around a whole
lot friendships for me have been
difficult this year that is for sure but
[Applause]
just try my best
he's had to the worst in the world is
like when someone makes you believe that
they care about you and then they really
don't when things go sour or south Oh
everyone's and uncle sour thought
there's a show but they don't care about
the with either way I tell you I always
believed people's actions before words I
mean I do believe words but I shouldn't
because that's what gets me her
I don't have anything you sure about
that
gotcha elbows French costume
[Applause]
I wish for more Christmas songs involved
Jesus and so I wrote my Christmas Jesus
Bop I'm looking at - have you seen Mary
and Joseph hanging over baby Jesus I
think what I crack I know he's bacon
people are surprised albumin boobs are
written three people oh my friends it
passes right your boobs look huge
[Music]
haven't kissed I really do
but even you believing me
[Music]
I'm fact my first professional music
video ever
we're having a crew was hit maybe I
think we spent $7,000 in that video just
teeth for music video like what the crew
and stuff
boom am I not being a victim got more
literally a lot of crispy eyes oh that's
me they have to say ship I got a little
bunny that's all I ever was Christmas I
don't want a lot for Christmas there is
just one thing I need I don't care about
the presents underneath the MIT
Christmas tree because I just want you
for my own
make my wish come true baby I love you
hole nice job all right by the way they
gave me only one Sarat for both it's a
very odd and have a little bit of this
French dress anyway I'm full I'm gonna
go back to sleep sleep awake it's
Christmas time ever many of that means I
love her trust - gosh you're just up
food why I think I'm the only person la
like looks like more than anything I
love meeting I thought well you don't
love food don't enjoy eating this eat
because they have too much like too much
oh it's like a partner's problem this
way this might be the last move mom for
a while but I justify epithets a move on
web cam camel every six months you old
same side as the holidays mmm
so Wyndham hmm thank you guys for being
with me mm-hmm
this way 17 like vlog this is officially
over are my second well no I'll be
blogged Christmas Day so go check out
vlogmas I blog every single day during
Christmas and if I didn't post I think I
missed one one day and then I put the
two days together bright I like had I
had a blog every single day so oh free
excitement wow that was my mouth weren't
- apple juice was insane but I love you
guys and I hope you have a Merry
Christmas if you're alone don't feel bad
I've been alone a few Christmases like
completely alone I felt alone many many
Christmases and sometimes I've been
around with people and I still feel
lonely so be happy with yourself love
yourself find that inner peace eat some
food watch some movies watch my videos I
love guys about my hair and in all
sincerity I'm you know like thank you
guys for being here and I I'm coming on
my 11th year of YouTube on January 4th
and it like makes me really emotional
that like the past 7 years I've been
able to like make a living and like
survive off of YouTube which is amazing
and like it honestly makes emotional
because I don't know what else I would
be doing and it's really scary to think
because I'm I've had real jobs regular
jobs and I've been fired for most of
them and I felt like my soul was being
sucked out of me in no way do I expect
you to last forever but I am fortunate
that it has lasted this long and that
you guys to watch and I'm entertaining
and when I do these eating shows in
these videos I know that they're gonna
go out to people who feel similar to me
feel
oceans very deeply and I just hope we
can all help each other and we find some
entertainment and some hope in life
together because it's all about hope and
looking for the future for me
specifically like everything has been
like looking forward to the future
looking forward of the future ups have
me going in the now and that's a kind of
a beautiful thing like I know you should
appreciate being in the now and I do but
it's hope and looking forward to things
in life that has to have me going in
life and you guys are a huge part of
that I have no idea what 2018 is gonna
bring no idea like I hey I'm on this
just this clean slate right now it might
feel like my plates very clean my
palettes clean like I feel like I'm open
to everything in the new year I'm gonna
be there years old next year oh my god
something last Christmas my 20s I'm
having a freakout I can't believe that
oh my god I'm really 30 not sure it's
crazy so I don't know what the future
holds but I love you guys so much like
I'm actually getting emotional about it
because like um I don't have any
stability in my life and the constant
has been YouTube and support on it
um and it's like what I look forward to
like waking up to in the morning I love
checking Twitter and Instagram reading
like just up in positivity it really
does take a lot any negativity that's
online and in real life and I love you
guys and um you know I really hope you
have a Merry Christmas unlike if
anything I just am really grateful and
thankful for my life that you guys have
essentially given to me by supporting me
and watching me and I'm happy I can
entertain you I don't know how I do that
I don't think I'm very funny or very
talented or even like a super pretty but
I mean I mean I do think I'm okay and
everything I don't think I'm mark or
extraordinary any of that so the fact
that people like me like it was crazy to
me okay I guess people just see what I
pretend to be and having said all that
you know in my heart I've always felt
like a rock star a pop star or queen a
princess and like I guess it's true what
they say like if you believe it
everybody else will start believing in
like if you say it enough you'll start
believing it other people
I've always said you know I'm a pop star
rock star I'm as good as Britney Spears
and as good as Marilyn Monroe and a call
of their father and body part I feel
like if you just say it enough you just
start believing it and then other people
start believing it too because I don't
know that's why I'm waiting not that
great but and you know like I said I've
never I said this in a blog you know
I've never been killing it on YouTube
where I'm just like constantly just like
queen of YouTube bow down here yeah I've
always been very mildly consistent not
to not a lot of views not terrible views
but I kind of like that they go a little
family I'm okay I don't want to know
what I thought putting new toys in there
would stop me but I love you guys I
think you're watching a video very Merry
Christmas Happy New Year I'll see you
guys very soon so make me last move
while I'm 18 for 2017 making me girls go
by them I thought last video I'm gonna
see that guys didn't uh come here my
cookies throw away Bish's mmm bye guys