[Music]
you what's going on guys I'm back for my
epic snow adventure it was absolutely
awesome
we went down to Perisher encamped at
Island Bend
[Music]
I attempted some jumps and stuff but
overall had a great time with that being
said it's wicked three back at home and
see my aunts and so yeah taking a look
at some of my carnies I think they are
in need of a new out world anyway you
before we get started I just like to say
that I don't think this is going to be
the longest video and it's by no means a
tutorial either first of all we have
this pretty big coin your fidelity that
I've had for ages my mate John from tank
Society send me this corny which is
really cool
as you can see there's heaps of workers
and brood all over the place
and they're old out world is a mess then
we also have another Fedora phony that
is also in need of an out world this
coin was sent to me from aunts Australia
and originally the colony had 15 queens
but I'm pretty sure now they only have
13 after two had been killed off by the
other Queens which is really quite
gruesome and pretty sad so far I've kept
this colony in this size two aunts
Australia a crude nest they haven't been
exposed to any out worlds of any kind
yet I was meaning to make this colony in
Outworld just before I went to the snow
but I completely ran out of time which
really sucks because once I got home I
discovered that about five of the
workers had died while I was away
I knew if I didn't act quickly the rest
of the colony would eventually follow
so yeah that's what I'll be doing in
this video I'll simply be making some
out words for these two colonies of mine
[Music]
so I reckon we'll start with this
thirteen queen for the lake horny as
they desperately need this update to
their living space I'll be using these
wicked containers from Target I reckon
they'll be great for the first out world
not too big but maybe a tad bit small I
guess we'll have to do though rrd so
basically now I'll just do a rough
outline of how big the circle needs to
be for the tubing but as you can see
that didn't really go to plan but you
can sort of do this step by eye if
you're familiar with the size of cheery
[Music]
and there we have it the first mistake
you can see how easily the knife can cut
more than it needs to
onto the second container and the same
thing happened
all righty so the downside of these
containers is how easily they can crack
and I got really frustrated when the
second one broke with no more containers
to try and cut a hole in a check to the
previous ones to realize with a bit of
work one of them might just work all
righty now that the tubing is sorted
it's time to add some more substrate to
this Outworld I'll just be using this
reptile sand the same stuff I use in
essentially all my builds I recommend
contrast the ants really well compared
to dirt
I then modified the lead of the
container so you would be easier to
clean the Outworld and feed the colony
[Music]
after that I applied the flu onto this
bad boy the way I do this is I tip the
bottle upside down onto a cotton ball
and then apply it in a rotating movement
on the upper lip of the container then
on the bottom of the lid so even if the
ants find a way through the first layer
it would be virtually impossible for
them to scale upside down on a layer of
flan and there we have it now time to
attach it to the nest this process was
fairly simple especially since the
colony is small I just inserted the tube
into the container and boom done
not many ants we're out and about but
this is understandable as there is still
a young colony I fed them a cricket head
and some honey but I don't think many
ants will be out for a while so in the
meantime let's get the Outworld preps
the logical Annie for the logic colony
I'll be using one of the ants Australia
outworlds that was sent to me a couple
of weeks ago I used the same sand as the
other Outworld and kept them both as
simple as possible this is because when
it comes to cleaning a bear Outworld
will be much easier to maintain compared
to one with lots of sticks and rocks
just like the lost out world I applied
some fluent on the edges and on the lid
to prevent any escapees once I did that
the out world was complete all it needed
now was to be attached to the nest so I
quickly inserted the tubing again and
hey presto the out world is complete
[Music]
now that the Outworld is done let's take
a look at the small colony and see if
they've discovered their new out world
yet
alrighty so taking a look at the out
world you can see that so far a queen
and some workers have found the food
within the out world and are already at
it as for the Queen this is some very
odd behavior but I reckon she doesn't
want to be part of the super colony so
she has come out here looking for a new
place inside a colony I'll give it
another week and see how she is doing
and I'll rearrange her housing
accordingly other than that I'd say that
this out world is a success considering
this colony has 13 Queens I don't think
it will be long until I have to provide
them with another out world okay so now
I'll feed the larger fertile a colony a
cricket and some honey it wasn't long
until some workers discovered the
cricket but they weren't interested
instead they went for the honey well
sort of I may or may not have fed them
the day before so the cloning isn't too
hungry at the moment I came back a
little while later and I guess they
changed their mind as they were munching
on the cricket it's just coming out of
winter here in Australia so the colony
has many people yet but hopefully the
Queen produces lots of eggs the season
as the colony isn't growing as
exponentially as it should
[Music]
all righty that pretty much wraps up the
video guys hopefully these two for the
lay colonies like they're new out wolves
tell me what you think in the comments
below guys by the way I'm sorry if this
was a letdown to the usual vid I had
lots of assignments jus last week and I
just got back from the snow but if it
couldn't get any more busy than that my
premiere stopped working the weekend I
was meant to upload this video so that's
why I had to push it back to this
weekend sorry about that folks I'm not
too sure that the video will be about
next weekend it might be catching some
Queens or something else tell me in the
comments what you'd like to see next
weekend I'd love to know what videos you
guys like watching
[Music]
hopefully I don't come across any more
dramas that'll prevent me from uploading
on the weekend but if I do I'll always
give you guys a heads up over on my
instagram the link is in the description
[Music]
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed this
video and as always ant invasion out
[Music]