hey guys it's ej barbecue and i'm here
to show you how to properly use your
griddle pan
now you don't oil your griddle pan oil
your steak and massage it on both sides
if you oil your griddle pan it'll smoke
the oil will burn
most people put salt and pepper on the
steaks before they grill i'm only going
to use salt right before i grill now to
the griddle pan screaming hot
the steak came off the grill now i hit
the steak with the pepper if you do it
too early when you're cooking it will
burn i've let it rest for a couple of
minutes all those juices have gone back
in to the muscle so i can have a nice
juicy steak
sword line was already cut against the
grain so now we're going to cut at an
angle even more so against the grain if
you're unsure of where to cut just ask
your butcher
so there you go oil your meat not your
griddle pan for a smorgasbord of helpful
tips hit the link below