today I'm taking the opportunity to
switch up a house favorite hey guys Keir
here from 50 shades of mama back to
share another recipe with you guys and
today I am super excited to change this
recipe up because I am taking one of my
house favorites which is my beef
enchiladas and I am switching them up to
a chicken version so this recipe was
inspired by my friend amber over at
ankor amber now this is not a collab
video but I did just want to shout her
out so I'll link her channel down below
and I'm gonna put a video in the I cards
for you guys to check out so it was
recently just a one of our mutual
friends birthdays Vanessa over at
lemonade mom were all part of this
girl's group and Anchor amber put
together a montage video as a salute to
Vanessa for her birthday so because
she's lemonade mom and she loves lemons
we all went on a lemon scavenger hunt so
myself
Nicole Burgess Madison Pippins Vanessa's
husband Mark and all four of her
children along with Amber went on a hunt
to find lemon things and left Vanessa a
special birthday message and she put
together the cutest stinking video and I
am just so proud of her and I really
just wanted to shout her out so go and
check out that video let her know that I
sent you over I'm like again I'm super
proud of her and I wanted to shout that
out while we were on the topic of amber
because like I said she is the one who
inspired this recipe so she wanted to
cook one of the recipes out of my
cookbook so if you guys are new and you
didn't know the girls group and I well
just Vanessa Nicole and myself put out a
cookbook if you guys have not checked it
out it is available on Amazon and always
link below and there are 60 fabulous
recipes in there but one of them is my
beef enchiladas so if I had skill I
would use one hand and open the book and
hold it open and show you my enchiladas
but since I do not have that much
coordination I'll pop a picture up right
here of the antral
as picture that's in that cookbook that
is my traditional recipe my recipe for
my beef enchiladas they are a huge hit
in my house and we love them but they
want to make that recipe amber and her
husband and so they prepared the recipe
but they used the green sauce instead of
the red the green sauce just does not
taste good with beef it is not the same
and amber was like oh my gosh our dinner
was a complete fail we bought the wrong
sauce like we tossed it it wasn't even
good and so I was like hmm
you know we can do a version with that
green sauce if that's what you guys
prefer but then it needs to be a chicken
version because the green goes better
with chicken so she was like mmm that
sounds really really good and I was like
all right I'm gonna come up with the
recipe so I pulled together this recipe
and I came up with it so I can share it
with you guys so that she can get the
same inspiration so if they like the
green one they could do the green one
and if you like the red one you can do
the red one because like I said the
recipe is in the cookbook and I believe
I've already done a video on that as
well and if I did I'll make sure to link
it below if you guys want to check out
my beef version but I'm gonna take you
down to the counter show you everything
that you're going to need to make these
green chili creamy a delicious chicken
enchiladas okay guys so here are the
ingredients that you are going to need
to make these creamy and chicken and
shelah 'das so it does call for two
pounds of chicken cutlets I'm pretty
sure that that is what I have except
that I get the family pack so I did my
best to guesstimate what two pounds of
chicken breasts would be you need 1 8
ounce package of a Philadelphia Cream
Cheese you're going to need a wine can
of green chiles I just got the great
value kind I really like the old El Paso
brand for Ancelotti sauce so I got two
of the small cans of green chili sauce I
have 3 cups of shredded and Mexican
blend cheese I believe that's the great
value kind as well and then my mission
flour tortillas I get those ones from
BJ's and I absolutely love the big ones
especially for times like now when it
comes to ancelotti
or my
roll ups when you guys see I make a nice
hearty burrito or an shilada and it
works out where we only need like one
per person and it's a very little waste
so we're gonna start off by boiling our
chicken so we need cooked shredded
chicken so we're just going to boil it
if you have any other cooked chicken you
obviously could use that a rotisserie or
something I want to use this I needed to
take some of the water out because I put
way too much water in but I just boiled
this for like 30 minutes it's definitely
not as tender as it would be if it were
like a crock-pot or again if you like
roasted pulled apart like a roasted
chicken but I tried to shred it with a
fork but again it wasn't like as tender
as it would be if it was in a crock-pot
I did just want to make sure that it was
cooked all the way through so I cut it
and then I decided to use the method
that I learned from mark mark is
Vanessa's husband over at lemonade mom
and he taught her and she taught us and
now I'll use it forever
to use a hand mixer to shred chicken it
is so easy like look what it does it
just makes things so simple so once the
chicken was all shredded I took about
half of that shredded cheese and put it
on the inside I took the full block of
cream cheese placed that in the bowl and
then also dumped in that can of chilies
now I do suggest leaving out that cream
cheese for as long as possible I didn't
leave it out as long as I should have so
it took a little bit longer than normal
to manipulate the cream cheese all the
way through the chicken and get it good
and creamy but the longer you leave your
cream cheese out and the more soft in
room temperature the less time it'll
take to mix all this through but once
you thoroughly mist mixed all those
ingredients you did see me take a taste
and it's absolutely delicious I truly
love these you're going to fold it
inside of that tortilla so I do it like
I'm showing you here I fold the insides
in a little bit I flop it over then I
fold the insides in a little bit again
and then flop it one more time and it'll
stay pretty good and tight and that's
just how I did it for the whole rest of
the
I have been doing it like this I know
sometimes some just like fold it over
one time some will tight roll it more
like a taquito style but again you're
gonna see when these things bake up like
if that's a hefty sized burrito my kids
only eat a quarter and sometimes I have
a hard time even getting through one so
I definitely like a nice hearty style
[Music]
so depending on how much chicken you use
the size of your tortillas will
determine how many that you get inside
of the pan but I was able to get six of
them I did five across and one on the
bottom and then I took the enchilada
sauce and I just poured it all over the
top now it looked like I was only going
to need one can but I'm glad I added the
other one because it really does bake
onto it and give it like a nice sauce at
the bottom to have on top of your an
shilada and then I just took the rest of
that grated cheese and I placed that all
on top and then I stuffed it into the
oven and your chicken is cooked
everything is cooked you just really
just need to get this good and hot and
melty and cooked all the way through so
I only put it in the oven for like 20
minutes at 350 just like I said to get
everything like gooey gooey but look at
that you guys it is just so yummy and so
delicious like it is so different from
the beef kind so if you like beef
enchiladas and not so much like chicken
this might not be your thing because
this is totally different than what a
regular enchilada would taste like but I
really love the mixture of these flavors
like it is so good to me it's so
different when I do my regular
enchiladas I do beef and beans and the
red enchilada sauce and more shredded
cheese it's definitely cheesier where
this is creamier with the cream cheese
the beef ones are definitely a lot more
like hearty like a bean burrito but
these ones are so good with just the
chicken inside I really personally love
it and I love to serve it with cilantro
and with sour cream I am just using
regular white rice here sometimes I do a
Mexican style rice but to me Mexican
style rice just makes me think more
along that taco line which makes me
think that beef style so I felt like my
white rice would be more suited here I
even do a cilantro lime rice which
probably would have been really good
with
but I was running short on time so I
used that microwavable rice that I get
from Trader Joe's that stuff is so good
you guys it's in the microwave it's
almost better than the innovation and I
love that innovation brand but the
Jasmin microwavable rice from Trader
Joe's like Coke a couple holes and they
throw it in the microwave and it comes
out like fluffy just like the Chinese
food please I absolutely love it and
it's a perfect side dish for something
like this so if you guys like this or
you think you would try this recipe make
sure she would give it a big thumbs up
if you guys are new here hit that
subscribe button I post so many
food-related things on this channel for
everybody else guys I will see you guys
in my next video bye
[Music]