hey everyone welcome back to my very
first Halloween tutorial I call this
look modern Medusa this will be an
intermediate to advanced makeup look so
if you'd like to learn just keep
watching
I purchased this blonde dreadlock wig
from Aliexpress calm and they're more of
a tight finger coil but it all worked
out because it still has the look and
it's easy to pin up and all I'm doing is
creating a half up ponytail with the
curls all along the hairline left out
and I'm doing pin curls all over the wig
for the complexion I'm using my makeup
forever flash palette to create the
perfect base I'm mixing together a
little white black and green to create
this statue slash zombie skin tone
now I'm going to contour my face neck
and chest using the black and white
shade to create a deep gray
I'm gonna do some highlighting and also
a little contour around the perimeters
of my face with this gold shimmer powder
by cailin cosmetics to give myself more
of an antique look then I'm going to
deepen my contour with this metallic
bronze shade from the Urban Decay vice 3
palette
next I'm going to lay on another
highlight shade to add more dimension
and this is the shade champagne pop by
Becca cosmetics
I'm rolling a clean spoolie brush into
my base shade to lighten the color of my
brows now I'm going to move on to my
eyes and I'm applying NARS I paint in
the shade snake eyes to my lids and
lower lash line
next I'm going to apply a black pencil
liner to my upper and lower waterline
and also buff out my cream eyeshadow
with a clean brush as a transition shade
I'm applying millennial from the Too
Faced artist palette to my crease with a
fluffy brush
I'm going to apply another Kaelin
cosmetic shimmer powder to my lids and
lower lash line and this is the shade
fern then I'm going to deepen my outer
crease with this matte black eyeshadow
from the Stardust palette you're also
going to apply the shade on half of the
lower lash line and the inner crease for
more depth
and now I'm going to add a little bit
more of that millennial shade to enhance
that area next I'm going to apply the
shade golden nugget to the inner corners
of my eyes for a pop of light oh and I
also decided that I wanted to brighten
up my lid with this dragon shade from
the vice 3 palette before I pop on my
lashes and contacts I need to line the
upper lash line with the black pencil
so I'm going to step off camera to apply
my contacts lashes and mascara and now
you're just seeing me touch up any
smudges before I spray on this Dior air
flash matte touch powder spray to set my
makeup
and now I'm just packing on more of this
Becca highlight so my highlight blinds
you and I'm also adding it down on my
neck and chest area
I wanted to find my brows so I'm going
to layer dragon and then the shade defi
from the vice 3 palette with an angled
brush
lastly I'm going to line my lips and
create an ombre effect using Mac's pro
long wear lip pencil in the shade
bittersweet and I'm going to add a pop
of color in the center of my lips with
the shade dragon from the vice 3 palette
and now for the fun part I'm putting on
my wig and placing these spray-painted
rubber snakes in my dreads all I did was
cut them in half and pin them in and
that completes my modern Medusa look I
really hope you enjoyed this please
comment down below and let me know what
you thought I would also love it if you
would share this video and subscribe to
my channel that tells me you want to see
more of these fun tutorials thanks so
much you guys for watching and I'll see
you next time