you want to before he left is you
cluster whether you there had to be VIN
you what's happenin circus how you guys
doing out there hey we today we are
doing a prank on my family so I got this
in the mail and this is what we're going
to use to prank them with I I'm setting
it up in the way that they think that
Jacob thinks that I'm setting a shooting
target practice range up for him to
shoot his air pellets and so I am doing
that I set that up but in the meantime
Jacob used the restroom before he left
and so I'm going to pretend that
something came back up I'm creating fake
poop if you want to know about that at
the very end of this video I'm going to
show you how I created that fake poop
very realistic going to show you how I
did that so stay tuned all the way to
the end of this video until then I've
got this stuff check this out oh it's in
this alright just in here let's see Oh
drop it
it is a fart spray that is so stinking
potent hat thinking it is seriously
potent that's right it's online it's
fart spray oh my gosh that's foul I
haven't even sprayed that yet mom's
going to think that something broke in
that same bathroom we had an issue in
the wall where we had super gas coming
up anyway so it's already smelled once
in there so she's going to think that
something's broken anyway so I can't
wait
follow this it's gonna be hilarious oh
this is perfect
hey hey
I just let you know I have a shooting
range all set up so if he wants to I
don't know how long you guys are
planning on staying okay the wind is
getting it's getting windy and it's
blowing all the cans down so no problem
so I'm good I'm not what
you think like what do you think
something right I don't smell anything
in this thing events that doesn't mean
we brought meeting here I wanted to show
you your be begins it will help me take
- I I think it's the think it's the ribs
can't leave doesn't smell stinky at all
well it's not like our name does not
meet you want food before we left
did you flush toilet let's go look oh
[Music]
we're back your head oh it's so bad that
here Oh what is that what somebody else
pooped oh yes my girl ass when you doing
you owe me that who did that
thank you Oh what are you gonna clean
that up that's all for I never use that
bathroom so obviously you have a best
girls is big turd in there it's almost
no speech - I just do that just so full
turd how are you doing that oh so close
is that rose no somebody's oh they're
very doing oh shoot your gun
Oh disgusting I did love you come on
oh these are the 12 teenagers clean it
up how do we say this out what we use
what do we use so we're going to go
shoot BB gun and I was excited about
that now this is turned into a debacle
somebody's pooping on the toilet feet
haver just go look at this it's
disgusting I got on the toilet feet no
oh wow that's terrible
that's horrible who did that what are we
gonna do anything that up no look at it
it's got chunks in it
come on you're not clean that up you're
not getting out of this that's not even
my bathroom I don't even go in there I
will figure it out if you come video
camera glitch like this is a joke dig it
man oh so bad look
Hey did you do this
you proved before we left Bravo girl but
you put before you left and you forgot
the flush girl or this where was this
you you always forget to flush so
whether you never had to give in you
know this girl I'm so stinky we'll get
the toilet paper and wipe that off baby
here okay come here
yeah whatever
what if I do this and what if I could
this is it's just a prank dude those
dinky doos its first grade he really
thought he did he's got it okay I'm good
oh my gosh this is so bad now I gotta
find something to spray it all down I'll
get it like nothing
I believe it up what would you say what
do you say
I need it I linked it made it weird
come here what do you want to use it's
an air neutralizer oh now I have now
have to hurry because they're going to
be home in just a second so I'm taking
mine so this is before taking any butter
throw this bad boy in there okay
get quite a bit in there because I'm
going to be spraying that out these
chocolate syrup on top of that
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
still - still to tan okay mix that all
around there a couple so a little bit
else in there just for texture and then
I'll do that looks awesome
that looks awesome right there alright
we're scoop all this into this baggy
scooping it into a baggy just kind of
like a little icing on the cake or they
get here we're going to get that down on
the bottom and then we're going to cut
that bottom piece we're going to squirt
it out there so we're just going to cut
the bottom of the bag off okay I'm going
to show you we're just going to squeeze
this out and leave a little I can get
this done right we're going to squeeze
this out here and we're just going to
leave a little floater in there oh oh
right in the bottom how perfect is that
alright so that's what it looks like
right there I got some down on the bowl
down there oh this is perfect
couldn't it made this any better that
right there is how you set up the fake
poop prank and now for the final product
oh my gosh this is good fix on that all
it stinks really bad oh it stinks really
bad and we're gonna spray the room all
right now we're gonna close the door
turn light off close the door
we're going to let that simmer in there
yeah this ought to be fun I can't wait
till they get home because it's going to
be so hilarious right now not even alive
this is going to be hilarious