hi and thanks for watching this video
I'm Tim and today I'm going to be
showing you how to build a birdhouse for
under five dollars in under five minutes
this projects a lot of fun and it's
really easy to do so follow along enjoy
the video and thanks for watching
start off by gathering together all the
materials and tools that you're going to
need for this project you'll need a
piece of wooden board I'm using spruce
3/4 of an inch thick
five and a half inches wide and at least
four feet long
you'll also need a hammer nails I'm
using one and a half inch framing nails
some kind of marker or pen a tape
measure four screws I'm using one and a
half inch long screws a handsaw or
appropriate way to cut the wood and a
drill with the hole saw and small bit I
recommend you use a hole saw one and a
half inches in diameter anything larger
will attract aggressive bird species
such as sparrows when you're choosing a
board make sure you select one that is
as straight as possible
we're going to start off by marking our
cuts on the wooden board starting on one
side of the board from the bottom mark
five and a half inches along the board
then mark nine inches from that mark
eight inches from that mark six inches
from that mark eight inches from that
mark and six inches from that mark on
the other side of the board starting
from the bottom make a mark that's five
and a half inches from the base of the
board then a mark nine inches from that
mark a mark eight inches from that mark
a mark six inches from that mark six
inches from that mark and eight inches
from that mark here's a diagram showing
what the mark should look like now we're
going to use these marks to line up our
cuts like so I use the back of my hand
saw as a straight edge to line these
marks you should also label the parts so
that you don't get them mixed up once
you've cut them starting from the base
of the board the first piece is the
bottom the second piece is the back the
third piece is the top the fourth piece
is the front and the fifth and sixth
pieces are the sides if you're not
planning on painting this birdhouse
I suggest you write these names in a
pencil so you can erase them later now
using all appropriate safety gear make
all the cuts that we mark
next we're going to trim down the front
board to make it four inches wide
measure two marks four inches from the
side line them up and cut now we're
going to make a hole in the front for
the birds to use to get in and out of
the birdhouse as I said earlier I
suggest you make a hole one and a half
inches in diameter next we're going to
nail all the pieces together starting
with the board mark the bottom start two
nails in one side like so now nail it in
place to one of the side pieces on the
non diagonal part
and then the other side piece now we can
slide in the front board and nail it in
place finally line up and nail the back
board in place you could nail the top in
place also however I recommend you
instead use screws to hold it in place
that way at the end of each nesting
season you can clean out the inside of
the birdhouse by removing the screws I
also suggest you first drill four pilot
holes so that the board doesn't crack
when you put the screws in
once that's done screw it in place the
birdhouse is now complete but there's a
few finishing touches you can put a nail
below the hole for birds to stand on and
you can also put a hook or a screw in
top to attach some thread to hang it
from a tree okay so that's all there is
to it as you can see the construction is
obviously pretty basic but I've never
heard the birds complaint it's a great
project to do with your kids you can of
course paint it afterwards if you want
to or modify the design to make it more
interesting but if you did have any
questions or problems with the the
project drop down in the comments below
I'll do my best to help you out and
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
because I'll have more videos coming out
soon
you