happy Monday guys I am making my pancake
mix um which I keep over here in a jar
for the kids it's instant pancake mix
you guys don't need any milk no eggs no
oil or anything like that so this is
perfect to take with you guys if you go
camping you camp a lot it's also great
as an emergency food because if you lose
power this is something really easy to
make all you need is water so instant
pancake mix I got this recipe um from my
girlfriend Nita and I tweaked it a bit
over the past couple years that I've
been using it just to kind of you know
kind of customize it how we like it so I
changed it just a sliver um but it's
pretty much still the same I love it
it's we live on this I don't buy this
quick anymore I don't buy pancake mix
anymore like Aunt Jemima or even though
specialty pancake mixes I don't do it I
use this it's fantastic so what we're
gonna put in here is here first off
you're going to need a really big bowl
my camera doesn't justify how large this
bowl is but it's pretty large so you're
going to need a big one so get as big of
a bowl as you can if you don't have a
super big bowl you can always half this
recipe I do that sometimes too but we
use it quite a bit especially during the
summer months when the kids are home
because all they have to do is take
equal parts mix with equal parts water
mix it up and make themselves a pancake
in the morning so we're going to start
off with 12 cups of all-purpose flour so
I'm going to get some I'm going to get
12 cups in my bowl and come back so
after you get 12 cups of all-purpose
flour in here we're going to add a cup
uh between a cup and a half or two cups
of sugar I do about a cup and a half of
sugar and then we're going to add two
cups of dried milk powder this is where
the four step dried milk powder comes in
handy I'm using my half cup scoop so
for now I do this on this recipe you
don't really have to be super sight so
you don't have to like level anything
off or anything like that
a little give or take is fine then we're
going to add two tablespoons of baking
soda right two tablespoons
I'm baking soda and five tablespoons of
baking powder three four five all right
and then we're going to need evils of
salt and that is it so what I do is I
take a wire whisk and give this a really
good mixing you want to make sure
everything is really well blended so
take a couple of minutes and really
blend that in and then once you're done
I stored in jars now you could store it
in a bigger jar like that something like
that it's way too big but maybe one
gallon would work you could do the
little I think there's a little half
gallon sizes that I keep my brown sugar
in which I need to make more of today um
it's up to you I store mine in one of
these French lait parfait jars which
I've made videos on so and I think the
link will is down below I try to keep
the links of the things that I get most
asked about down below for you guys so
um that's how I store mine I just put a
funnel in here and I will fill up the
jar and then of course I'm going to have
leftovers so if I have a half-gallon
mason jar like I keep my up
pasta in and I have some beans in up
there I'll put it in a half gallon jar
if you don't have any half gallon jars
you can put them in quart size jars and
just put them in your pantry just label
it up and put it in your pantry um at a
Sunday morning I make about three cups I
use about three cups worth which I'm
just going to go ahead and click in a
bowl right now
and it's it with water now you do about
half part water too I guess
how would you word that equal parts
mixed equal parts water there you go so
if it's three cups of mix it's going to
be about three cups of water now you can
do two and a half cups of water and make
sicker pancakes if you like your
pancakes thinner you can do three and a
half cups of water it's very forgiving
you just tweak it and a you know do
things is is the way you like it I like
to add a teaspoon of homemade vanilla
extract to mine and then I don't give it
a little vanilla flavor so if you're out
camping and you don't mind taking a
little bit of vanilla with you you can
do that but you can add blueberries to
this chocolate chips that's what we do
we make sometimes I make chocolate chip
pancakes for the kids or blueberry
pancakes for the kids but it's super
super easy guys and it makes velvet
pancakes now I'm gonna go and make some
ham pancakes so I have my mix over here
I'm going to bring you over to the stove
I'm going to show you how these cook ups
you can actually see it for yourself I'm
gonna get this in a jar first and once I
do all that I'll take you over the stove
and we'll make some pancakes okay guys
so here we have it so there's three cups
of mix in here I've got two and a half
cups of water
I'm just going to add to it
and then you guys can see how mix this
up here
now of course three cups of water is
fine - I like my pancakes a little bit
on the thicker side you know if they're
a little thicker and fluffier and then
I'm also going to add a teaspoon add a
teaspoon
of my homemade vanilla extract
kind of seen
the consistency there so if you like it
a little thinner and the three cups if
you like a thinner than that at three
and a half but this mix is really really
forgiving and you know if you add too
much water and you want it a little
thicker
you can go ahead and add more mix to it
it's really you know you can play a lot
with it so all right let me get my pit
cake pan out and I will show you guys
how these sucks all right guys so let's
keep this end
okay here
man you find here Matt in the background
he's home from work today actually he's
working from home today because a hose
went out in our minivans
a hose that should be twenty dollars and
maybe fifty dollars in labor to fix
ended up costing $400 because Chrysler
has decided to make one hose into
fifteen hoses so when one goes all 15
after be replaced lovingly known as the
octopus isn't that nice so our car is in
the shop so he has to work from home
today while it gets repaired so that is
why I am making pancakes this morning
all right
so there you go you see they scooped on
very nicely we're just going to let
these uh kind of cook up and I will flip
them over once they get nice and holy
and I'll show you guys how how great
these actually cook up I love this
pancake mix I will never ever buy
pancake mix again especially since it's
so easy to make it at home and I'm sure
all of you guys have all the ingredients
I mean if you if you bake bread you have
all the ingredients so or cookies or
anything like that so all right let's
let these cook up and I'll bring you
back
alright ok so they are ready to flip so
let's put these I'll show you how
beautiful they are
look at that perfect pancakes my
favorite part of the pancake is the kiss
the edge I don't know about you guys but
that's my favorite so light and fluffy
want to show you one plums get it to
focus there we go light and fluffy and
jump it off my spatula there you go
what and they taste perfect so I love
this pancake next I said you can add
anything to it it's very forgivable
perfect if you can't or like I said you
ever lose power so yeah alright guys I'm
going to turn down
my burners with it and get more pancakes
going here
get these kids fed get the morning going
I have papers to wash today I have this
video now to UM six edit for you guys
and get this up and I'm sorry it's
taking me so long to make this I know my
kids have been dwindling on this pancake
mix you know what I do I send it on home
with my two older boys so they they have
it to make themselves pancakes so if you
have kids in college or like me within
their own apartment wake them up some
pancake mix so that they have and I can
they can have mom's cooking on their own
this is heaven they come up here for it
but here's the plate
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you give this a try let me know and
yeah especially if you make a video let
me know so I can come watch alright guys
I will talk to you later let me get this
these made and this video edited and up
to you guys and um I will be seeing you
soon bye guys this is for me me already
gave me some more oh that was meanness
oh that meat only had one here - it's
alright to give an extra one so Mina is
now eating pancakes guys she turns one
in two weeks I can't believe it um but
just a little add-on in the end here
just to give you an idea of how many
three cups will make it makes about a
big it makes a baker's dozen for me you
see my pancakes are good size on a
regular dinner plate
that's the size of one so it makes 13 so
if you need more than 13 you know do
four cups if you don't need as many as
13 make two cups on my kids when they
make a one even when I make pancakes
really quickly for Mason in the morning
I'll just do a half a cup of mix and a
half a cup of water and that's it you
know I don't even add any vanilla for
him so just to give you a reference of
how much roughly three cups makes and
how much I got from that mix that I made
oh he's walking I filled up my these are
three liter jars I filled that up and
then in my pantry I got two quart size
jars widemouth so it makes quite a bit
and then of course I had three cups in
my mixing bowl so um just just to give
you guys an idea of how much it'll make
for you all right guys hope that helps
you like my stinking and what about you
miss Lina
do you like and you can feed yourself
now