hi my name is bill I have a recipe I'd
like to share with you hi my name is
Bill Compton cook we're going to talk
about how to cook wonderful sausage
we're to start off with a sausage here
that we got at window I actually bought
six or ten pounds of the sausage and
we're going to take it as a mild sausage
wanted to take them out and take the
Sascha's out I slipped the casings off
and brought out the meat and working
with sausage you get sticky and wants to
hang on everything so I got this plastic
go to Walmart it's kind of plastic you
put over tables tablecloth that's a
thick plastic and so I would press down
and get the sausage all cooking and so
you can peel them right off and put them
in the frying pan
now the sausage as you can see the
beautiful sausage it is a mild Italian
sausage and it's so lightly seasoned and
it is just great so I took it out of
casing on the sausage and I made patties
on that really thick plastic peels
there's plastic peel right off
going to cook these baby yepp we're
using a pan set that I bought at Costco
it's a great pan set it's a three pan
set for 1995 out the door so get to
Costco and get some of these pans look
at that sausage cooking isn't that
wonderful and a beautiful new frying pan
sausage tastes so good people say it's
not good for you you don't want to eat
it every day all the time but every
night I get a nice sausage patty and
we're going to work with our own
McMuffin we're going to use a Hawaiian
English muffin with some American cheese
and a great sausage patty there we go
they're finally cooking up cook of
course you want to cook sausage all the
way through you don't want to have any
problems pork is renowned for having
trichinosis and problems if you don't
cook it all the way through look at
isn't that lovely the sausage is cooking
really nice yomo yomo yomo look at that
so I'm going to use one patty in my
English McMuffin today and the rest I'm
going to put refrigerator for later
there it is
it is a Hawaiian English muffin with
couple slices of American cheese and
then wonderful sausage patty yellow
yellow yellow sausage wonderful way to
cook until next time I'm Bill Kiefer
captain cook enjoy life
hi my name is Bill Kieffer I am cop to
cook and I approve this message