are you looking for tiki torches for
your next big event I got some let's
talk about it hey y'all what's going on
my name's Lane forer at AKA Lane vids
and this channel is all about building a
stronger family bond with your kids
through science art travel and family
fun so if you're into that might want to
click that subscribe button the other
night Christa the kids and I got these
tiki torches and we put them out into
the yard and we had a family dinner
outside now what's great about these
Chey torches first of all I really like
the look of them cuz they're very simple
looking they have a a long piece of
bamboo this is one of the longest uh
bamboo tiki torches that they have on
Amazon and I like how they split it to
make the place that holds the the bottle
of fluid in there super cool it also
comes with a cap it's the longest ones
on Amazon with a cap so they just simply
tied it to the the bottom here and then
it reaches up and you can cap it off
that way uh none of the fluid spills out
if you want to save it for something
else or I guess it could be used as a
Snuffer too if you want to Snuff out
your tiki torch that way if you don't
use all of the fluid for your big event
another thing about these tiki torches
is that since they're so long it's a lot
easier to just buy them on Amazon so
that you don't have to Lug them around
Home Depot try and shove them into your
car so you can take them back home
instead just have them delivered to you
easily and super fast so just just to
give you guys an idea of how long these
are I am 5' 11 in it comes up to my chin
so that's probably about 5T tall if I
had to guess I I wish I had a tape
measure so I can me hang on let me go
get a tape measure 5' 1 in so another
great feature about these tiki torches
is that they have an angled tip on the
bottom that way it's super easy to just
stab it into the ground I was really
impressed at how easy it was just a put
a little bit of force and get those
things into there once you have them
stabbed into the ground take off your
cap open this up right here I used a
funnel and I stuck a funnel on top and
then I used this tiki torch fuel they
sent us this citronella formula so that
it keeps the mosquitoes away pour that
into there and you're ready to light it
up it's super easy to light they provide
a Tip Sheet as well for lighting so that
you know exactly what you're doing and
because these canisters are so large
this tiki torch lasts for a long time
throughout the whole time of the event
that you're planning I want to let you
know that this is a sponsored video
Nomad Trading Group sent us these tiki
torches to try out so we could have some
fun as a family and they're just super
great definitely would recommend them as
always down in the description below is
the link for these tiki torches if you
guys want some tiki torches for your
next event made for a nice Ambiance
whenever we did our family dinner and
they're just really great because
they're so long they're sturdy made from
bamboo and I just I really like the way
they look they're super cool so save
yourself some hassle of going to the
store trying to fit 5 foot things in
your car and just order them down in the
description below on Amazon I do have
one flaw for these tiki torches the kids
first saw this one right here and that
looks like a palm tree on top of the cap
there and none of the other ones have a
palm tree on the top there so I wish
that they all had some kind of like palm
tree or Lo on it because our kids they
were like I want the one with the palm
tree and they had to just compromise so
and take turns uh having the palm tree
or being next to the palm tree tiki
torch if you guys want more videos from
us make sure to click that subscribe
button also hit the Bell that way you
get notified of our videos thank you
guys for watching that thumbs up is
always appreciated and thanks for being
Shaggy Shank