today we're going to do IKEA hack on the
targa six drawer dresser this IKEA
harvick
dresser retails for $179 solid pine that
can be stained and/or painted and the
one I'm doing here today is super simple
anyone can do it basically is just
refinishing the entire thing with stain
adding new hardware cutting the legs
shorter and adding a carved out piece of
wood to make it more aesthetically
pleasing to the eye
first thing you want to do is add pre
stained wood conditioner
this helps with a more even finished
look on your pine wood especially soft
woods they tend to stain unevenly and if
you don't use this it looks really bad
your stain and your finish which
completely negates the whole reason of
the IKEA hack then I use ramen wax
provincial staining for the entire dress
I did two layers of the provincial and
then I use Valspar glaze and mixed a
little bit of white paint in it and then
I rubbed it on after the stain had dried
and then I immediately wiped off the
glaze as well after you let your stain
and your glaze dry for a day or two you
can start putting your product together
I cut off two inches on all the legs
with a jigsaw you don't need a jigsaw
you can use a handsaw or any saw you
have to do this
[Music]
the tricky part of this whole hack is
getting the tapered legs look and so
what I did was I bought some 1 by 6
board it's fine
for white boards either way you can use
and I cut it down to five and a half by
three and a quarter inch and then I did
a tapered cut as you can see in the
video with the jigsaw then I just
stained the papered legs and then I
glued them on to the side of the current
IKEA right last yeah you just add your
new hardware to the drawer faces to
complete the look thanks for watching
subscribe follow me on Instagram and
remember eat your vegetables