well hey everybody today I'm going to
show you how to make a really cute
circle skirt and it's a reversible
circle skirt um that will be great for
any little girl in your life or young
person if you're making them to sell
this is one of the steps and what your
circle skirt is going to look like and
once again this one I'm being reversible
but let me show you where you need to
start you can use any basic circle skirt
pattern and I'll list for you below
which one I use and you want to now with
this particular pattern that I use this
is supposedly the front and it says cut
one on both what I did was I cut two on
the fold so I had my fabric it's a
really bright vibrant fabric and I
folded it in half so now we have it laid
out and you want to cut on the center
fold um you need to pin it down smooth
there and you just want to pin it down
all the way around so you can go ahead
and cut out your circle or begins making
your purple skirt so just going to pin
this down and if you haven't use
patterns before that's okay with the
circle skirts you can actually just cut
a large circle or use one of a skirt and
just cut from there with the pattern so
pending this down and I like to make
sure you smooth it all out and as you
can see I did not put it on the pole
always start pinning on okay just to
give you a better look
move the camera a bit you want to once
again take your circle skirt pattern and
lay it on the fold and remember it
normally says cut one on the fold but
we're going to cut two because we want
to do a reversible circle skirt and give
it a lot of poop make sure you have a
lot of poufiness to it so you want to
pen starting on that portion it says
Center on the bowl and you're just going
to pin this down and smooth it out as
you go along
just going to set it there for me so I
have to reach around and you may need to
make a skirt like this for yourself you
just got to cut a bigger circle and
you'll see when we put the elastic in
you can do this in basically an
afternoon or less depending on how fancy
you want to make it if you want to add
ruffles and trim but with this type of
circle skirt all you're going to need is
elastic and you're not going to do a
zipper so once I've got pinned down I
want to start cutting and try to stay as
close to the edge of the pattern as
possible although because you're going
to add in there
or a friend it may not necessarily
matter that much and I'm cutting this
out in real time so you see it doesn't
really take that long for you to get it
cut it out so you want to be careful
because this is a surf bowl part you
want it to come out nice and round and
just take your time when you're doing
this it's you've never made a sewing
skirt or something before out of fabric
you'll find it's a lot of fun and you
get a lot of satisfaction out of doing
it so it's that simple sake you got it
all cut out and because we're going to
make this skirt actually reversible you
needed two sections and you'll see when
we unfold that you'll have your two
sections for your one color and then
you'll cut two more for your other
colors so I'm going to show you what
this looks like take the pins out real
quick here and this is how hard this is
really of the project for a first-time
so work and like I said I will put all
the information on how to which pattern
I use so you can find that how to move
far preferably on sale take this off and
set it aside and there you go
this is one section of your circle skirt
go make sure you can see that yeah you
can see that this is your one section
and
we're going to take it then open it up
now if I want to just make a circle
skirt justice color what I would do is
go ahead and Stitch these two seams
together here and then put my elastic in
and that would basically be it but let
me show you what it looks like when you
do it double sided and you may have to
rewind this portion of the tape not a
double sided I meant to say reversible
okay
this was one of those sections that we
just cut if you'll remember that's the
one section and this is your other
section of the skirt okay that might not
make much sense so let me show it to you
again say you've cut out your circles
that'll roll but you're half circle
excellent and what you want to do now is
stitch these two pieces together
go stitch those two together and you're
gonna stitch these together and I'll be
right back let me do that and I'll show
you how I did
okay so yes you've stitched both halves
of circle together and if you're going
to keep this as a single non reversible
skirt that's fine but if you wanted to
your skirt to be reversible
you need to stitch make another one of
these another circle in a different
color and what you're going to do is
stitch those two edges together at the
top OB let me open this up for you okay
say we have our one color right and then
we have our second color because it'll
be a reversible skirt you're going to
lay them together right sides of the
fabric together and you're going to
stitch all the way around on this inside
once you do that you're going to take
your piece of elastic and I've measured
this out for a waistline of
approximately 20 inches but you know
elastic will stretch so now this might
be a big big for a toddler but you need
to measure the waistline of a child or
if you're making them to sell you can
just set up a series of custom of
average sizes and you should be fine now
in order to have the habit gather and
not have to do pleats and deal with
rumpling at this point basically you
want to measure from where you stitch a
down to
little bit more about a quarter of inch
let me see if I can show you this a
little better because you're going to
stitch a pocket for this elastic to go
through so you've got your stitch here
and you just kind of lay your lastik up
next to it and you just want to measure
a little bit more I'm going to say it's
approximately let's see from that stitch
going over about an inch and a half so
if you stitch all the way around about
an inch and a half you'll be able to
slide this elastic through and then
you'll have your elastic waistband so
let me go do that and I'll come back and
show you what it looks like okay
you have your two sides stitch together
and let me show you on the inside you
stitch through two half circle skirts
together and at this point definitely
you want to iron all the way around to
press it down so you have a nice smooth
hem edge up here then depending on which
size elastic preferably no roll elastic
that you're using you want to measure
about sorry about an inch and a half
maybe two inches depending on the length
of your skirt because you want to be
able to stitch all along the outside and
use a really nice pretty bright colored
thread and about inch and a half you
want to make a tube a casing and opening
to slide your elastic through um on one
of the seams which is usually the best
way to do it let me see if I can find my
seam okay I cut a little opening and
once I have it stitched all the way
around this is where we're going to
slide the elastic I'll go all the way
through so you've got your little
opening you're going to stitch all the
way around and then you're going to
slide your elastic all the way through
so let me go stitch that for you and
I'll come back and show you
okay as you can see I've stitched all
the way around the skirt so now we have
a little pocket that we're going to run
the piece of elastic and you just put a
slip a safety pin to attach your safety
pin to the end of your elastic and
you're just going to run it all the way
through the edging of your skirt so and
then just give a little tug and you want
to just make sure your elastic it's
really good to get the no rol elastic
flattens out as you go along and we're
just going to run this all the way
through and be careful you don't pull so
hard because remember this is an attach
so you don't want to slip in in there
you can you could do that and it'll
it'll come out it's not a big deal and
let me do that and I'll be right back
and show you the finished product okay
we're back and as you can see I ran the
elastic all the way through the top part
of the skirt and of course I stitched
the two pieces of elastic together and
now I can just hand-stitched that little
opening or put a flower over it you
won't even tell and cut up you have a
very cute circle skirt and as you can
see once again like I said you stitch
all the way around then make sure you
leave a little opening probably at one
of your seams where they intersect where
they came together and you ran your
piece of elastic through on the inside
and now because you made the waistband a
little bit smaller get those pleats you
get those really cool ruffles and it'll
be all flappy and flowing and as you can
see you it is double sided so just
reversible please
whip it over and it's like making two
skirts in one and this is very easy um
in another video we're going to work on
the ruffle or him but at this point
you're pretty much finished with your
circle skirt and you can decorate it
with a ruffle or him anything that you
want to your heart's content and I hope
everybody enjoyed enjoyed today's video
on how to make a circle skirt enjoy
thanks for watching