[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel in
today's video we show you guys how to
make an easy but get delicious crab
salad so for this I'm using the
imitation crab this is two and a half
pounds but I only plan on using half of
this bag I don't really care for
imitation crab but when it comes to this
recipe this is the best crab meat that I
like to use because the other stock is
just way too expensive for this and I
have half of red bell pepper chopped up
you can use some onions or some yellow
or green bell pepper and this if you
wish and I have some avocado oil mail
that I'll be using or if you want to
make it super healthy you can use some
mashed avocado and skip the avocado nail
and I have some dill weed that I'll be
using if you have fresh deal it's
definitely better but I just don't want
to buy the first stuff just for this
recipe because I don't want it to be
wasted in my fridge and I have some hot
pepper that I'll be using this is
definitely optional if you don't like
too spicy you don't have to use it and I
have one line that I'll be taking some
juice from and of course some pepper I
am skipping the salt in this because the
Kraken tends to be pretty salty and of
course a bowl and some utensil I have a
spatula that I'll be using so please
check the description box where I will
list everything I use in this video for
you guys so let's get cooking guys okay
guys so I went ahead and put half of
that crab salad in my bowl and now all
I'm going to do is just break it up just
take your fork or you can use your hands
if you wish just break it up very nicely
I don't want them to be too chunky but
then I don't want them to be super small
either because I'm going to be eating
this with some crackers
this makes a delicious delicious snack
or just a light meal even just break it
up as much as possible okay so I have to
go in with two forks just to get it to
do what I want it to do
so basically I'm just using the fourths
I'm using one to hold the meat and the
other one to break it up
I still want some chunks in there but
not too chunky this is looking pretty
okay and now you want to go ahead and
add your pepper this is a basic basic
crab salad but I said I don't make this
too often but I do crave it every now
and then and I usually just eat it with
some crackers it's going to fill in and
I'm going to take half of that line and
just squeeze it in there I'm going to
take the whole juice of the half line I
love that acidic that is my more divot
and just mix it all in and I'm going to
take maybe one teaspoon of that deal mix
it all into and I'm going to take a
little bit of hot sauce this is optional
guys if you don't like spicy please
leave this out and I'm going to take
some black pepper just eyeballing it and
mix that in there if you don't like
mayonnaise - you can just add the other
half of the mine and you can eat it just
like this and now I'm going to add
commending the amount of mayonnaise you
use is totally up to you just eyeball
everything guys and just combine it all
together
going to use a little bit more minis
nothing too crazy if you haven't please
come snap with me on snapchat I would
love for you to for you guys to see what
I look like or you guys can see that I
don't just have hand I actually have a
face and please come come follow my
facebook page or go follow my facebook
page and follow me on instagram and you
can find me on pinterest and also on
twitter i will leave all the link for
those down in the description box okay
this is looking pretty good now I have
to take a course it is pretty good the
hassles definitely mix of the difference
for me I like a little kick in my food
like I say see where she can definitely
add more mayonnaise or you can totally
skip the matings
totally your own preference but this is
pretty much it
I will come back and do a little
pleading with you guys okay guys so I
just have some town hospita
I will go ahead and take my seafood just
place it right in the middle and then
I'll place multi
crackers you can use any type of
crackers that you wish I just happen to
have these around and just drop off
right next to it reflector just like
this nothing really exciting and I'll
probably take a little parsley and kind
of put it just to decorate lightly so
this is pretty much eight you guys
please do try this recipe if you are a
seafood lovers you will definitely love
this otherwise this is pretty much it
please don't forget to subscribe to my
channel comment like and please please
do share these videos with your friends
and family and as always thank you guys
so so much for watching my videos and I
love you guys for watching see you on my
next video bye bye
[Music]