[Music]
hello my beautiful Nicolette welcome
back to my channel or hello if you knew
I cannot believe I'm doing this but we
are going to tackle my closet today
which is quite a mess and quite full so
I do a ton of clean the room videos
which I'll link that down below
especially my recent one that I did and
I never really clean out my closet and I
haven't cleaned out my closet and
forever I definitely don't think I'll be
able to finish today so it might be a
little bit choppy so don't Mon lack
because this is a full-time job here
okay also a poor job it's who I want to
give my youtube shout out which goes to
and also my Instagram shout-out which
goes to so thank you guys so much I love
you so so much and if you want to be a
part of that all you have to do is turn
the bell on and comment with the hashtag
post notifications squad and if you want
your Instagram to be shout it out all
you have to do is follow my Instagram
and comment with the hashtag post
notification squad with anything you'd
like and I'm a feature eunuch so as you
guys can tell we are currently in front
of my closet and I am dreading this
because you guys are gonna see it's a
mess in here and I hope there's way too
many clothes but in fact I am definitely
a little hoarder when it comes to
clothes I'm always like wow this might
go back in fashion I may want to wear
this who knows a lot of my clothes I
like to donate and you guys are going to
notice that I'm gonna have a pile for a
donation I'm gonna have a pile for
garbage clothes because if they're just
not good at all I just check them out
and the ones that are pretty decent
quality I will make sure to donate them
[Music]
yes yes yes yeah I don't think all these
clothes are necessary so the first thing
that I like to do is to remove every
single piece of clothing I know it's
gonna take a long process I like to put
them on my bed because I know that I
have to have no clothes to go to sleep
so it's gonna increase the process for
me to make sure I finish it but I like
to just take everything out of my closet
instead of going through it just so I
can see every single piece and handle
every single piece myself and I'm gonna
give you some tips on ways you'd be
asking yourself for every piece but
let's just do that right now
[Music]
so a lot of the clothes down here are
for larger either or they just fall down
not gonna lie so I'm gonna actually
separate a pile for laundry
[Music]
I move my laundry pile there and that is
all we'll get back to those boxes in a
little bit if only we were done but this
is my closet with all the clothes out
and now that is the pile we're gonna
deal with this is the pile we are left
with unfortunately and we're gonna go
through every single piece obviously I'm
not going to show you every single piece
and I'll speed it up in all that stuff
but I have some basic questions that you
should ask yourself I'm going through
your pieces in your wardrobe in
particular I have four questions you
should ask yourself one thing is it in
good condition so are there rips are
there stains is it just look old just
does not look like you can fix it you
got to ask yourself that obviously if
it's not in good condition it gotta go
number two is have you worn it in the
last six to twelve months if you haven't
worn it recently and in those last
month's I definitely recommend donating
it because you're most likely not gonna
wear it three is how well does it fit
you if it doesn't fit you it's either
too loose on you or it's too tight let
it go even if you if it's too tight and
you think well if I lose a couple pounds
I'm gonna just keep this just get rid of
it it's going to just a lot of clothes
are gonna keep building up and then
you're just gonna have a Wardrobe full
of clothes that don't fit you properly
and the fourth question is do you
genuinely love it does it make you feel
good in it does it make you feel
confident make sure you guys ask
yourself all these questions when
determining whether you're gonna keep
the piece of clothing or not and these
are really gonna help you decide on
whether it gots to go or you should keep
it we got our first piece which I'll
give you an example so this is just an
oversized sweater from forever 21
it's those nice and fuzzy ones that feel
like they're blanket and I picked this
up when the trend was this and I haven't
worn it within the past year so I think
that it's time to retire the fuzzy
sweaters definitely when you're picking
out pieces it's better to also pick up
more timeless piece
because the fashion industry's
constantly coming out new trends they're
trying to suck you in so they can keep
getting your money to buying these new
trends so I suggest if you're gonna
purchase things do purchase more things
that you're gonna wear for a longer time
as opposed to this one which I only wore
for like a year or so so I'm gonna put
this in the donation pile which I'm
going to make at the side of me this is
another piece that I haven't worn in a
long time it's just a cropped flannel
from forever 21 and another thing is I
definitely suggest if you have seasonal
pieces to put your seasonal pieces in
another area so if you have another
closet and other dresser outside of your
room I definitely suggest doing that so
it doesn't get overcrowded so this piece
definitely I'm going to donate it that
moment the tag is still on your clothes
gots to go because clearly I am not
wearing it so this little number skirt
has a hole in it so we need to get rid
of this as well Jimmy and first I always
put my dresses back in first and I
always put it at the back of the closet
because obviously I am not about to walk
her out every single day in these
patency dresses these are more for
special occasion so I like to put them
right in the back here next I'd like to
organize my pants so I'm going to
separate my pants color coat it from
dark to light
so these are definitely pants that hub
shrunk in the wash and I haven't been
able to get rid of them because I got
them from Greece and they definitely
shrunk they're more they're not as loose
and like flowy so up I think we have to
part ways unfortunately I think I
decided last minute that I want to have
the pants more on this side I usually
have the pants here but I had this
dresser that the pants just get in the
way so I'm going to actually put my
pants all on the other side where we put
the dress it
[Music]
tip I got for you guys so if you have
two of the same item and they pretty
much are the exact same thing I
definitely recommend getting rid of one
so I'm gonna donate this one and then
keep this gray cardigan I wear long
Cragen's a lot with my outfit so I like
to keep these upstairs in my closet and
I'm just gonna put them behind my pan we
actually got rid of all the clothes on
the bed
this is currently how it looks like I
just have the dresses in the back long
jacket short jackets jeans and pants and
then I just have all my tops from light
black to color now we're gonna move on
to the belts that's just way too many
belts to have and then we'll move on to
the top after and then clean those
storages out as well
hey guys so today is actually date two
after I put all the clothes back up I
kind of took a break and I wanted to
finish it in the next day so it is
currently day two and we are gonna work
on the top with the shoes and then on
the bottom with the little cupboard
things so a lot of my heels on the top
right here are really scuffed and just I
feel like I have to get rid of that I
thought I would also switch out my shoes
for more putting on my boots I wear a
lot of ankle booties and I thought I put
my new ones and just once I haven't
really worn on the top because I just
think those are shoes more I wear I'm
not as into wearing heels as much
anymore so a lot of them I think gotta
go short people problems so I think I'm
gonna keep these up on top here because
these are my new shoes and I love these
red shoes but I'm gonna get rid of a
bunch of the heels
[Music]
now I'm gonna move on to those and we're
gonna organize them
[Music]
okay so I organized the boxes and here
are like hats scarves gloves all that
kind of stuff kind of more like
accessories here are little crossbodies
clutches and wallets over here kind of
more bags that big large bags fiber do
sleepovers stuff like that and then in
here I have a couple more bags including
my backpack which I use a lot when I'm
going to do photo shoots and stuff like
that so I'm just going to push
everything out of the way and these so
that's what it looks like so this is my
donation pile so what I do if I just
take a garbage bag and I put everything
in there
so I completely filled one hole garbage
bag of clothes so I just have my clothes
my purses shoes belt everything in here
to donate and yeah I'm so happy I was
able to get so much stuff out of my
closet so we are completely done it took
two days but I think it was worth it so
I'll show you guys what it looks like
now but I'm so happy because it's just
so much more organized and also it's not
as packed in there it's definitely less
packed I definitely suggest going
through and just cleaning out your
closet getting rid of things you don't
we're getting rid of damage things and
just getting rid of things that don't
fit you properly and you just don't feel
great and I think donating is a small
thing that we can all do and it's the
least that we could do of course
so I'm obsessed I am particularly
obsessed with the shoe section because
you guys know I love shoes but I love
how I color-coordinated it and I really
love how I move the pants over to this
side because it's normally jam-packed on
the other side and I've been really into
pants lately and having different types
so I like to add it on that side as well
because there aren't the boxes on the
ground aren't as high up but that is all
for my video I hope you guys liked it I
usually do clean the room videos so I
thought I would do a whole spring
cleaning at caps of my entire closet and
try to remove as much as I can because
your girl is a hoarder if you guys want
more videos like this and maybe you want
me to go through all my dressers which
are jam-packed and just kind of spring
clean that thumbs up so I know and I
will definitely do so make sure you guys
are following my social media I have
Instagram Twitter snapchat and Facebook
and yeah I hope you guys are having an
amazing day don't forget to click that
subscribe button to you're part of the
family and as well as I do upload
everyone stays Fridays and Sundays for
you guys so I hope you guys are having
an amazing day tonight whatever you're
watching list and I'll catch you guys in
the next one bye
[Music]