please like the video and subscribe our
channel define health Thanks how to get
rid of house centipedes the house
centipede is a fairly common household
test that said it's also pretty heinous
when you've had one crawl up your leg in
the middle of a lecture in a 200-person
auditorium you know that screams often
follow their arrival if you've seen more
than your fair share of them at home
here's some good info here is why you
should leave them alone though they kill
other bugs like other centipedes the
house variety has poisonous venom that
takes out roaches moths Flies and
termites you name the creepy crawly and
this centipede probably off set they
even take care of bed bugs and that's
pretty much all they do aside from
scaring the bejesus out of you they
don't carry disease or nibble on your
wooden siding they don't go after human
food just bugs that said I wouldn't pick
one up with my bare hands you read the
part about poisonous venom right even if
you are bitten it might sting a bit but
you'll be fine but there's no reason you
need to touch them if ones in plain
sight just sweep it into a container and
return it outside or to your basement
and all will be well
prevention number one the best deterrent
is to make the conditions less ideal for
them and getting rid of any means of
entry into the home number two do your
best to get rid of any other household
pests that they feed upon number three
use a dehumidifier number four install a
better bathroom fan for showers number
five seal any cracks or crevices to keep
them from entering the home or laying
eggs while they're in there number six
clear the perimeter around your home of
leaves and other damp debris thanks for
watching please subscribe our channel
define health for more videos
also hit the bell icon and never miss
our updates thanks