[Music]
so welcome to Danny's Jen hope you're
all doing well thank you so much for
joining me again on my channel today I
am coming to show you or I am making
someone that Z so I have my own way of
doing them there's different ways of
doing things so this is the particular
way that I prefer to do it and yes I am
making mohammad' finally I love one
disease maja Marie there's two different
ways things demand I see that they don't
they we don't have Kadam on how we do
our coconut flour on it so but Muhammadu
have those extra ingredients so what I'm
the ingredient some of the ingredients
that amusing are first of all is flour
so here I have wholemeal flour that is
in so he leads
Yatta or utter flour so it's brown flour
grounded and I have some plain
all-purpose flour so yeah that's what
I'll be using you definitely do need
some yeast so I'm using easy Big East
and I'm using will be using coconut
flour that is I love the flavor of that
whenever you make them on disease it's
must smell so good so yeah I got this
and academ on green gram Catamount in an
Asian shop so if you live somewhere
where you can't find them if you have an
Asian shop you'll definitely be able to
find these because it's one of the
staples for Indian cooking and I'm using
some salt as well as you know with
baking you need a tiny bit of salt to
kind of adjust the flavor of sugar and
salt and all that and I'll be using some
sugar as well so I have 3/4 cups of
sugar there and I'll be using a teaspoon
of salt and I have some water I'll be
using two tablespoons of
room-temperature butter 1/2
of milk and here I have lukewarm water
that is 200 ml of water which I'll be
diluting or I'll be mixing my yeast into
that so that it can mix up before I mix
it into the flour and definitely for the
baking you will need some cooking oil so
there I'm using sunflower oil pure
sunflower oil or whichever oil of your
choice you have you can use that so
those are all the ingredients that I
have for now and I'll be using my food
processor sorry food mixer don't mix are
not food mixer nor food processor so the
dough mixer just to mix everything all
together so and it just makes my work
easier and quicker why not
so yeah first of all I'll do as I said
I'm gonna start with the yeast so I'm
gonna take a teaspoon and a half so I'm
using measuring spoons a teaspoon and I
have dried yeast I'm gonna mix that up
again so just give that a nice whisk
quickly with all the other things
measuring my flour so I will be using
three and a half cups of white and brown
flowers they utter flour here so one cup
one hard 1 cup 1/2 one cup and a half of
the utter flour I find it just gives a
nice texture and color rather than just
it being white my daddy so now I'll take
my white flour now check your sugar add
it all in I'm gonna add some salt so I'm
using a half a teaspoon of salt side and
I'll just mix this by hand quickly you
don't need the the Kveta yes
and I'm going to add the cardamom brown
cardamom so immediately my tablespoon of
this so for the coconut flour and use
two quarters of coconut flour 2
tablespoon of butter add them in and I'm
gonna mix it not break it
[Music]
now that everything finished mixing
everything from my mixer we'll just take
it on now and I in this bowl I will just
a little bit of oil and rub it all
around the bowl in there until it's all
elastic and well mixed in and cooperated
so just gonna form a nice Rondo so what
I'll cover the bowl like that and I will
leave it near the radiator
Anya waits warm and just let it right
doubled in size so what I prefer to do
is that I prefer to leave it overnight
see you tomorrow bye bye so I'll come
back this is the next day and as you can
see my the dough has doubled in size
quite a lot so I'll start by June so on
the other side I have my oil already
warming up on a medium heat and that's
how my the dough looks like quite reason
I have some flour here that I'll be
using to dust
I'm gonna set that aside so your rolling
pin I don't know what that is called as
I say it and I'm using a pizza cutter
but what are these to cut my the dough
into different sizes and I have this one
as well for cutting round ones or
whichever size you want so you're pretty
good yeah so
[Music]
[Music]
why China and you've left comments and
lovely comments so it really do
appreciate about that so yeah enjoy your
Monday you want so I'm gonna have this
with some yes a cup of tea
or you can have them for breakfast I'm
having I'm taking this to church with me
you have come friend so what's to be
something make some something Kenya so
someone doesn't someone hungry for
[Music]
pretty light insight just enough sugar
to kick you up and give you a nice
flavor so thank you so much for watching
Keane