again so mrs. B remake the remix of the
famous which'll video that for some
reason had no audio and I have no idea
why my phone is doing some funny things
but so here it is in this container I
have this so this is a bit of a larger
jar it's going to take about six cups of
water
so I have six teaspoons cider vinegar
six tablespoons of maple syrup I'm going
to put in at least a teaspoon and a half
a great ginger so there it is my in-law
just fill that with water this will be
able to pick up so the recipes that I
got were altered for four cups sold like
four teaspoons of cider vinegar four
tablespoons of maple syrup at least a
teaspoon of grated ginger and four cups
of water so I just make a little bigger
and put in this dispenser and put in our
fridge in it lasts such probably four
days so I guess you just put that in the
dryer and you shake it up and then
system switch off so yeah