hello welcome back to 2-minute how to
show you how to tear out the old carpet
they got the indoor/outdoor carpet the
glue down and you know what let's get to
it the first thing you're going to want
to do is cut this carpet into strips
smaller the strips you like the narrower
the strip's the easier it's going to be
to take it out and handle and load up
and everything else do not try to pull
up indoor/outdoor carpet or even
residential interior carpet do not try
to pull it up all in one piece it's
usually too big it's too hard it's too
wide it's too just too difficult to
manhandle so always cut your carpet into
manageable size pieces
the smaller the narrower you cut it the
easier it is to pull up so I'm going to
cut this into about two foot to three
foot width wise let's get to it okay one
pro tip on doing this always have a
sharp blade so have plenty of blades
change them out don't make it harder on
yourself than what it has to be so
anyways I've got this cut now I'm going
to show you how to get it yanked out of
here
as you can see this carpet here came up
really easy a lot of times if it's
really old the glue has gotten old and
kind of disintegrates makes a lot easier
to pull up the carpet sometimes it's
down really really really hard so once
again the harder it is to pull up the
smaller strips you need to cut it that's
going to do it for 2 minute how-to don't
forget to subscribe and we will catch
you on the next video