welcome to cooking with date today we're
gonna make something super delicious
first we're gonna need to get all the
ingredients we need to make a delicious
concoction all you need is sourdough
bread and some American cheese singles
for this recipe you'll also need a
toaster oven okay so once you have you
ingredients your bread and your teeth
still going to open you're wet like so
and we move to slice says these ones
will do just fine and now what you're
going to do is you're going to take your
key singles and you're going to open
them up and set them both down on one
single piece of wet once you have placed
your cheese on your wet you're going to
take the corners of the cheese and fold
them in so that way they do not melt
over the side and make a mess in your
toaster oven like so okay so now you're
going to take your toaster oven turn it
on to bake turn it on to 450 degrees and
turn it on once your toaster ovens nice
and warm you can close your sandwich and
then insert it into the toaster oven
directly onto the grill as you're
waiting for your sandwich to cook there
are a few things you can do you could
meditate in your front yard or
appreciate modern fine art it looks like
our grilled cheese is done what you're
going to do is open your toaster oven
remove the wax and then put it onto your
plate Wow I'm telling you guys this is a
delicious sandwich if you
looking for delicious snack you can have
for lunch or maybe for dinner you could
give it to your kids or you could take
it to work or school I'm telling you
it's easy to make they try to make and
it's easy to make this is a delicious
sandwich then it is delicious don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
goodbye
[Music]
you
[Music]