serious question who doesn't love the
taste of sweet creamy ice cream while
some of us in the Western Hemisphere may
think of a classic scoop of vanilla on a
waffle cone the first instance of ice
cream was thoughts have been traced back
to China around 97 ad join us as we
explore frozen treats from seven
countries around the world come on let's
get started
[Music]
first we're heading to Thailand for item
pod seem familiar it's also known as
rolled ice-cream or stir-fried ice-cream
they pour a liquid mixture on a freezing
stainless steel plate and use knives to
agitate and flatten it until it's firm
just like ice cream toppings like
cookies cereal cakes and candies
sprinkles on top or mixed in but this
doesn't stop texture from being thick
and smooth next on the list is snow
cream or snow ice from Taiwan ice cream
is frozen into these big cylindrical
blocks the machine spins the block while
shaving off the bottom layer creating
beautiful thin fluffy ribbons it's a
lighter more refreshing favourite in the
Philippines Hawaii and other parts of
the US speaking of favorites mochi ice
cream has worked its way in our hearts
straight from Japan it's sort of like a
tiny bonbon full of ice cream except it
doesn't get all melty in your hands when
you wait too long to eat it the outside
is made from sticky rice dough that's
pounded several times before it reaches
the perfect consistency mochi ice cream
was actually first made in the 1980s
except it used rice milk instead of real
ice cream then in the 1990s a company
calls my mo PITA the mochi ice cream we
all know and love mmm mango my favorite
you know mangoes actually a really
traditional flavor for coffee an Indian
style ice cream
kofi is mostly popular in India Myanmar
Bangladesh and the Middle East the word
cofee actually comes from the persian
word meaning covered up condensed milk
is one of the main ingredients in coffee
which makes the texture similar to a
frozen custard it can be served on a
stick on a plate or in a cup
he may have seen those Instagram videos
of ice cream makers tricking customers
by handing them an ice cream cone then
whisking it out of their hands at the
last second this ice cream is called
dawn derma and it's made in Turkey it
uses a natural ingredient called salad
which gives it a uniquely thick and
elastic texture in this sense it's
actually really similar to buuza which
originated 500 years ago in the Levant
region around Syria Lebanon Iraq Israel
and Jordan so most people are familiar
with gelato and love it's super creamy
texture but you actually know about
granita from Sicily granita is made from
scraped ice and actually has a grainy ER
texture compared to most traditional ice
creams and for those of you who wish you
could eat ice cream every day there's
good news
granita is a part of breakfast in Sicily
during the summertime coffee flavored
granita is a popular choice for dipping
brioche into other common flavors
include almond and lemon as we move on
to our final stop on the store I've
gotta warn you this next ice cream maybe
a little hypnotic in Ecuador they call
it el arroz de paella it was first
created before refrigerators even
existed there baila is the name for a
large shallow metal pan or bowl they use
these to make the ice cream but instead
of churning the ingredients they simply
spin the bowl the agitation from the
spinning paired with a vessel of ice
under the bowl solidifies the ice cream
mixture
but it doesn't stop there there's still
so many more unique tics on ice cream
all over the world which one of these
would you book a plane ticket for
[Music]