if you've been watching clean myspace
videos for a while you know that I
really enjoy using rubbing alcohol
around the house for different cleaning
tasks and you might be thinking rubbing
alcohol you usually find this in a
first-aid kit yes that's true but there
are so many great cleaning applications
for it so in this video I'm going to
show you five ways that you can clean
with inexpensive and readily available
rubbing alcohol and just a quick
reminder if you haven't done so already
to subscribe to the clean myspace
channel and give this video a thumbs up
if you like inexpensive cleaning hacks
rubbing alcohol is a few interesting
cleaning properties first of all as many
of you know it's a disinfectant
so it'll kill bacteria usually on
contact you want to just wipe it give it
a couple of minutes to dry and then the
bacteria should be gone now you can also
use this if you need something to dry
quickly and you want to reduce streaking
so people will often mix this into
cleaning recipes to help reduce
streaking the other cool thing about
rubbing alcohol is that it can lift up
grease and dirt where otherwise you
might not be able to do that so rubbing
alcohol is kind of an interesting
product that way the one rule is to keep
it away from an open heat source or a
flame because yuck it's flammable well
there is good bacteria to be had in
homes when cold and flu season rolls
around you don't want that stuff
lingering around the house and that is
when a DIY disinfectant really comes in
handy and you can make one with simple
rubbing alcohol and water so just get
yourself a clean spray bottle and to it
you're going to add one cup of plain
water and one cup of rubbing alcohol now
if you want to up the antibacterial
properties you can - in about 20 to 30
drops of a powerful essential oil like
lavender or tea tree something that has
some antiviral and antibacterial
properties that'll really make it a
powerful cleaner then just spray it on
the affected surface point-of-contact a
toilet a sink whatever it is that needs
a little bit of cleaning up let it sit
for a couple of minutes that's called
dwell time very important for
killing bacteria and then give it a wipe
and move on
you have horizontal or vertical blinds
rubbing alcohol can help you clean them
very quickly now over time they get
dusty and a little bit dirty so here's
the quick fix
just put plain rubbing alcohol in a
spray bottle or a little spritzer and
get yourself an old sport sock flip it
inside out stick your hand in so you
make a little sock puppet then you're
going to flip your blinds over to one
side so they lay flat and give them a
good spray with rubbing alcohol now I
like to work section by section when I
do this so I might spray the first three
and then continue to move my way down
I'm talking about horizontal blinds here
then take that sock wrap it around the
slat and gently pull it to the side the
rubbing alcohol helps loosen up dirt and
dust and it makes light work of cleaning
if you notice that your cell phone is
getting a little bit grimy and yet it
happens to all of us you're putting it
by your ear which produces wax it's on
your face which has oils and if you're
like me on a shooting day you've got
makeup on which also gets all over your
phone so every now and then you really
do need to give it a good cleaning not
only to get that grimy stuff up but also
the bacteria that hangs out on this
thing so mix up equal parts of water and
rubbing alcohol that's just a quick
electronics cleaner slash disinfectant
and spray it onto a flat weave
microfiber cloth and I'll put links to
ours down below then you're just going
to remove the case if you can and give
your phone a good wipe down you can just
do the S pattern from the top to the
bottom flip the phone over and you can
even do this for your phone case it'll
help lift up any dirt or discoloration
as well I mentioned earlier that rubbing
alcohol dries very quickly which means
that it doesn't leave streaks or marks
behind and what is more frustrating than
trying to get your chrome fixtures shiny
and streak free I don't know there are a
few things in the world that are more
frustrating than that so get yourself
some rubbing alcohol and put it on a
soft cloth like an all-purpose
microfiber cloth and start to wipe your
chrome fixtures
now the rubbing alcohol will help remove
any
light water spots but the best part is
that it'll just polish it up beautifully
now the other cool thing is that it will
help disinfect your fixture and that's
always a bonus whenever you're cleaning
something rather than paying an
exorbitant amount of money for glasses
clear you can just make your own
get yourself a little spray bottle and
fill it 3/4 the way full with rubbing
alcohol fill the rest up so about a
quarter of the way with plain water and
to that you're going to add a drop of
dish soap so what I mean when I say a
drop look at your pinky nail divide it
in half and that's about as big as you
want the drop to be now the next thing
you'll do is take the bottle and just
roll it gently in your hands that way
you can disperse everything but you're
not going to create bubbles then spray
your glasses on either side of the lens
with the solution and wipe it off with a
flat microfiber cloth something that
either came in your glasses case or one
of our glass and electronics cleaning
clots if you're into the idea of hand
sanitizer but you're not into the idea
of hand sanitizer with triclosan you
might want to consider making your own
and it is surprisingly easy to do so go
to the drugstore and find yourself pure
aloe vera gel so not the green stuff get
yourself a clean squeeze bottle into it
you're going to add one part rubbing
alcohol two parts of that aloe vera gel
a tablespoon of a nourishing oil like
sweet almond oil or vitamin E oil that
just helps soften things up so you don't
get those crusty hands and then you're
gonna add 15 drops of your favorite
essential oil just to make things smell
nice give it a quick shake and then
you're done this can go in your purse
your car your diaper bag or just about
anywhere that you would normally keep
your hand sanitizer hand sanitizer is a
bit of a debated topic some people think
it's great and other people think it's
terrible some people think it's fine to
use some people think it's kind of gross
so I'd love to know in the comments down
below what's your take on hand sanitizer
do
use it and do you like it or do you
avoid it as much as you can obviously
hen hygiene is important it can come in
handy from time to time for me I will
use it if I am in an absolute pinch but
my preference is to always use soap and
water but it really I'd love to know
what you guys think down below here are
a couple of other videos I think you're
going to love it if you want to learn
more about our cloths or cleaning in
general you can visit cleanmyspace.com
there's a button down there that lets me
know you care so click it if you liked
this video and click this button right
here to subscribe and begin your journey
to a cleaner life thanks so much for
watching and we'll see you next time