ruining life such a beautiful thing
don't you think if you guys are joining
this content don't forget to subscribe
here like this content click on the bell
be a part of the notification another
snowy day and I got those sniffles going
on better way to celebrate this snow and
sniffle by making a chicken pot pie my
twist and take on chicken pot pie
pretty much authentic chicken pot pie it
really let me show you how I make it and
I start off with this guys 1 tablespoon
of butter in to this butter I got 1
tablespoon of garlic to this 1/2 cup
onion 2 chopped carrots 1 chopped celery
once I got this nice and sauteed I got 8
chicken droppings here that has been
skinned and debone a half a teaspoon of
salt pepper see this guy's a quarter
teaspoon of poultry seasoning once I got
this cook I'm just gonna transfer this
out into a bowl here and we'll start on
my white sauce cream sauce so I got 3
tablespoon of butter in 3 tablespoon of
flour once we got this flour nice and
cooked I got 2 cups of heavy whipping
cream 2 cups of chicken stock low sodium
nothing to this I'm just gonna whisk
this on a medium heat until it's
thickened up once it starts sticking it
up I'm gonna turn off the heat throw in
the rest of this leftover cheese here
which I had I think so does that lobster
mac and cheese episode so 2 cups of this
Italian cheese blend and make sure if
the Heat's off guys before you mix that
in since I got that nice and mixed in
I'm gonna take my chicken and vegetable
mixture and we're just gonna add it back
in followed by 1 cup of peas nothing to
it mix that all in guys so once we mix
this all in we're gonna taste and adjust
for seasoning just tap it guys mmm I
suppose needs a little more salt pepper
always season at the end guys I've just
taste do you don't like it don't worry
about it being too runny as it cools
down it will thicken it up guys trust as
we wait for that to cool let's make our
pastry dough just like our apple pie
dough cups of flour quarter teaspoon of
salt we're gonna shred in 1 cup of
butter
[Music]
and nothing to it half a cup of ice cold
water so all we're looking for guys is a
nice soft dough for a pastry dough okay
always look for a nice soft dough when
you're making pastry dough once you get
this dough nice and smooth like this
guys we're just gonna throw it in the
fridge for 20 minutes or it's just the
rest let's put this together guys so
Dole has been resting for 20 minutes are
we gonna do is flatten this watch
closely guys we're just gonna cry chop
down this half here so cry chop it
always comes out perfect guys we're
gonna take 1/2 just gonna roll it out
fit our pie pack nice and rolled out I'm
gonna take this just go to our plate all
that air skate I take our roller again
I'm gonna roll off the excess dough you
don't need that extra carbs in this you
know what I'm saying
take your pie filling or your pot pie
feeling
fill it up take your table place it on
top suppose that so I just want to press
it in the top just try to make it nice
and sealed
once I got that nice and sealed take
your roller roll off the excess
you don't need to match cars
I pinch this again just to make it super
sealed so nothing comes out once you got
that nice finish together just gonna
find the middle last but not least eight
wash on top we're just gonna bake this
for about 20 to 25 minutes or until
golden brown 375 days if I minutes up I
kind of goofed the guys I kind of burned
the center there but I think it's still
all good so I'm just gonna wait for this
to cool down for 30 minutes before
cutting into it 30 minutes up take your
nice pie crust cutter I'll just cut into
it let's cut it you know it's cut this
way come on
don't worry guys if it's still liquidy
or creamy it will harden up when it
cools down completely there it is guys
my take on chicken pot pie I can't wait
any longer your eyes
this is digging to this so this is my
chicken pot pie I should let this cool
down a little more bud
nice gonna have it fresh Oh
open your mouth take the first bite of
this quick time nice it may not look
aesthetic right so bombs press amazing
buttery delicious you guys see how much
butter I put in this that's what makes
it good guys this beautiful flaky crust
I know not a lot of let me say that's
not a lot of you guys know what may go
down in a chicken potpie
mmm but there's a lot of fat in it a lot
of fat goodness mmm
I recommend you guys let this cool for
an hour before you guys okay
just because it's still a little runny
but when it does cool down it thickens
up like a nice white sauce gravy hmm I
have a nice hot pocket in the oven right
now from the leftover dough mmm I was a
little worried because I didn't think
that the bottom press would have crust
up nicely
Lachi one thing I told myself I'll never
do ever just put potatoes in the chicken
potpie
mmm chicken pot pie to go guys take the
first bite of this good time
nice home mmm
just dough at the first beginning bite I
should have made a hundred of these
don't move this would have been easier
to eat
Wow guys look at that pocket full of
goodness
mmm I should have just made it like this
this hot pocket would have been a better
bet than the pile so much goodness in
this pocket here I have to save this
guy's
it was beautiful there we got say to no
use at all 45 minutes up guys I just
want to show you guys the sauce in the
middle of the sticking up when cool down
so guys don't message me and say that
the sauce is too runny just give it time
guys because it will thicken up I
promise
hey who didn't life such a beautiful
thing don't you think hope you guys
enjoy this one don't forget to subscribe
if you haven't also don't forget to pick
up on your food life's a beautiful thing
shirts like share this