hello and welcome to my home kitchen
today I'm here with a very easy and
quick recipe which is called the
ultimate wedge Mayo sandwich it is very
quick very easy very handy and it needs
very few ingredients so it is a quick
appetizer for anyone mostly for kids
it is a best lunchbox item for them so
let's get started so here are the items
which we need for this recipe first of
all we need four slices of bread you can
even use brown bread but I have taken
today white bread slices and next I have
grated a carrot grated cucumber finely
chopped capsicum you can use red pepper
also and two tablespoons of garlic
vegetable mayonnaise some salt for its
seasoning and some black pepper also
alright so in this mixing bowl here I am
going to add grated carrots
then grated cucumber and finely chopped
green capsicum you can also add red
pepper and here goes 2 tablespoons of my
Atlas wedge mayonnaise which is garlic
flavored
next I'm going to season it with some
salt and some black pepper
that's it so then give it a good mix
with the help of this spatula I'm going
to mix everything so here are some
important things which I want to tell
you that in vegetables you can add any
kind of vegetable of your choice and you
can skip any kind of vegetable which you
don't want to add and second thing in if
you don't have garlic flavored Atlas
madness then go ahead and add powdered
garlic and plain mayonnaise that will
also work very good and third thing is
there is not a very hard and fast rule
for making any veg sandwich you can make
it as per your wish here are my bread
slices so now I'm going to remove its
edges it is purely up to you if you
don't want to remove then just keep it
as it is so now my filling is ready
bread slices are ready let's move to the
next step take a bread slice apply your
filling on this take generous amount of
your filling and put it on your bread
slice it's already looking very yummy as
you can see once you have applied your
filling then put another slice of bread
on this and move it aside let's prepare
other sandwich also in the same way I'm
going to apply my filling on it then I
will put my another slice of bread on it
now both my sandwiches are ready and I
am about to serve it but before that
let's give it a perfect sandwich look by
cutting it into a diagonal shape with
the help of a sharp knife cut it in
between like this so friends our
ultimate wedge Maori sandwiches are
ready in no time and I'm about to serve
it as you can see it is looking super
delicious and here I have this rest of
the filling we are going to serve it as
a dip and some ketchup so friends do try
this recipe once I am sure your kids as
well as adults of your home will love
this recipe and as always for more
videos and recipes keep watching hobby
lobby thanks bye bye take care