[Music]
and
under the
bows
B I'll hold
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome back to the homestead everyone
as you can see uh we just did our
trenching and now we're out here and we
are installing the go gopher wire now
what we've got behind us is 19 gauge
galvanized half in uh gopher wire um or
actually it's mesh uh metal n uh metal
mesh they use for uh cage bottoms for
like rabbits and things like that small
small animals anyhow um this we did this
because the normal gopher wire is fine
for Gophers however if you have Gophers
moles and vs most especially those all
of them you need to keep out of your
garden vs especially
because Vols are herbivores and they are
the ones who are going to eat your
vegetable roots and kill your plants so
uh the uh the Gophers and the uh the
moles they do more destruction than
anything and I believe they're both
insect devores um the Vols are much much
much smaller so the vs are uh just a
little bit bigger than a regular field
mouse and those are the ones you're
going to need to keep out so half an
inch is appropriate for them and what
we're
doing is to keep all of them out this
method is going to pretty much guarantee
pretty much I'm not going to say 100%
cuz nothing's 100% but it is going to
keep these buggers out and we're going
to show you how to do this specifically
as you saw we're digging our trench and
you want a twt deep trench around uh
whatever you're going to uh need to keep
these creatures out right so our case
our garden so 2 fet deep now in our case
we've got um about 18 in of uh top soil
Sandy
LOM whatever mix and below that is hard
pan clay you've seen me try to dig that
garbage out in some of my other videos a
East Texas red clay it's hard as a rock
it's nasty I couldn't find super
reliable information on whether all
three of those creatures will go
below uh the hard pan I don't think they
will and every gopher Mound and Little V
and mole hill that I've seen uh it only
they only kick out the top soil and the
the Sandy Loom so just to be safe we're
down 2 ft um and in some cases actually
we're down 18 in cuz the uh I I messed
up the trencher a little bit but that
should be sufficient and I'm going to
show you another step to do with the
wire to keep these guys completely out
of your garden all right let's show
you all right so here we go we are going
to take the the bottom portion of our
wire and we are going to bend it up to a
90Â° angle here probably two two to three
Ines
depending and we're going to do that the
entire length so let me show you why
when a
mole travels towards your garden he's
going to hit mole vo or gopher he's
going to hit uh your cage he'll go up
but he won't go above the
soil more than a couple of inches maybe
2 in so we're going to have this
sticking up uh an entire foot above so
there's no way he can go up and over it
he will travel down to try to get
underneath it so as soon as he travels
down he's going to hit this other piece
of mesh and he's going to
turn and it's going to deflect him or
put him in the direction away from your
garden and even you know if he doesn't
even make it here he'll he'll turn
around and and go the other direction
but if he hits here he's going to go the
other direction below that down in this
area is our hard pan clay he's not going
that far and uh like I said uh most of
those creatures will not go below 2 feet
so place this down in the bottom of your
trench 2 ft below the ground
[Music]
as you can see it wasn't too hard uh to
get it in the trench sometimes it's a
little unruly so all we're going to do
now is back fill but here at the corner
I wanted to show you you know just
took a I clipped out the bottom where it
bends around and you can see where
that that wire is let me see if I can
get the camera down in here a little bit
better and some
light you can see where the the wire is
bent out
now here where it
joins itself together we're simply uh
going
to weave and tie them together with a
thin piece of uh wire here so that none
of our furry little underground
friends can come in
behind
the uh the two pieces here and in
between them and get
inside and uh so we're going to just
weave this wire through all of our
holes here all the way down to the
bottom and that's pretty much much it so
that should keep
99.99999% of the uh those guys out of
your
garden and if one happens to get in by
some strange
circumstance uh then it's easy really
easy to trap him or poison him um and
catch him in time before they really do
some serious destruction
to your plants your G so I'm going to
show you here too right here uh so we
got our
gate and as you can see here's an
example I've got this wire uh joining
these two pieces together and what we're
going to do is we're going to we're
going to clip the
corners and then fold that down in front
of where our Gate's going to swing in
and out here and I'll do a gate video
too but we're going to do that and then
we're going to create a uh a wood
threshold
that goes across and at the bottom of
the gate we're going to have wire that
comes in and kind of clicks into that
threshold and you'll see what I'm
talking about on the next video but
obviously we're going to we're going to
clip those out and fold it down cuz I'm
not going to step over it every time
that'd be kind of silly but
anyhow thank you for watching everyone I
hope this was informative let me know if
you have any questions in the comment
section below subscribe to our Channel
give us a thumbs up and share it that
helps us out a lot share it on social
media pin it on Pinterest uh we do have
a Pinterest page and all of our videos
are on a country living experience uh on
Pinterest every single video we've done
and some other things other articles
we've written so on and so forth uh also
go visit us at uh country living
experience.com we've got our tool store
there our great articles are are there
and some other goodies as well thank you
everyone have a great day we'll see you
on the next
video got
it all right good
[Music]
[Music]
each f