[Music]
hi guys it's Sabrina so I am NOT in my
usually usual filming spot as you guys
can see I'm actually in my kitchen today
because we're gonna be making some fun
stuff I'm just gonna be making some much
a lot day so not exactly a cooking video
but I'm excited to be trying out this
much a lot Tam partnered with a company
and they gave me a free sample to try so
I am really excited and you guys know I
am absolutely obsessed with green tea
especially matcha green tea and matcha
green tea boba especially in even the
ice cream so I am so excited to try out
their matcha products and let you guys
know how they taste first time on camera
I'm also wearing blue contact lenses I
don't know if you guys noticed that my
face looks a little different or if my
eyes look different but I'm obsessed
with these new contact lenses I can't
stop wearing their I think they look
really pretty really natural and it's
like my dream I color it would be tough
blue eyes with brown hair so probably
gonna be wearing these a lot you guys
saw a review back in a couple of videos
where I had like lighter blue contact
lenses and they were kind of scary on me
cuz I am so like darker skinned and
darker haired but I think these ones
just look really nice and natural so
that's why I'm gonna be wearing them a
lot more maybe even in public guys so if
you guys are interested in these contact
lenses I can actually give you guys more
information down below but for this
video we're gonna be trying out some
matcha so let me get to show you guys
the products that I got so this isn't
much a lot a little package that I got
sample this is what it looks like it's
an organic matcha green tea and it's
actually made in Japan is that this much
of Lin will enhance focus increase
energy and boost your metabolism so that
sounds good to me they also gave me this
they threw this in I didn't actually get
order this it's a cute little much a
typical brush I've seen these before out
of matcha house and I've actually used
it before I don't know if I was using it
right when I went there but I'm gonna
try it out today I'm
really excited about this it's really
cute and then they also gave me another
little sample but vanilla matcha with
organic ceremonial matcha I even have a
different flavor to try them really
excited about that and this one also has
a specific way you can try to make it so
I'm going to try a little bit of each
and let you guys know how I like it
and then they gave me a little card with
more information about what matcha is
why it's really good for you it's good
for detox health and energy as you guys
know and also some more instructions on
how to make it and how to make it taste
delicious and how do you even use this
little whisk guys so that's helpful so I
will be making it with you guys on
camera today so let's get started so
first and foremost I'm going to add
about a cup of water
bring me boiling it just a little bit
more I'm actually gonna be doing it the
hot method or not the cool method today
and it says pre boiling so we don't want
it to be boiling but when it's be like
right before it happens and I'm gonna be
doing it the ceremonial way so this
little card has exactly how to do it
we're using this guy so I'm excited
about that okay so I have it basically
all set up I'm just gonna now open up
the matcha it says to put about a
tablespoon or two of matcha into your
bowl so I'm gonna start off with a
tablespoon it smells it smells amazing
okay alright so the water is pre boiling
you're gonna sit here
a little bit of water probably about
that much and then this is to whisk it
in an M or W motion until I get until it
gets foamy it looks like here I'm trying
it with you guys first time on camera
and I ended up whisking a little faster
and form actually form when I put some
some muscle in it just so good oh my
gosh this is amazing guys 100% best
macho ever had Wow I wonder if it's it
from the whiskey I don't know but that
tastes so good it's like perfect
sweetness it's not too sweet it is the
matcha latte so it kind of has
everything you need in it already which
is super cool it's delicious and I don't
know it just tastes like really
high-class grantee like super good
definitely recommend it guys
that's probably one of the best drinks
I've ever had I think if I make it cold
it'd be even better cuz if you like a
delicious like cold latte on a warm
summer day that'd be amazing but really
really liked it I love that taste I'm
gonna try the vanilla now real quick do
the same thing make it and then let you
guys know how it tastes also so I'm
gonna do this next so I'm now trying
this vanilla one and it smells so good
while I was making it it's not like
vanilla it also has the matcha green tea
mixed in with it and I just made it so
I'm gonna see what it tastes like
this one's even better didn't know that
was possible guys so good I really love
this I hope you guys have another video
fun cooking with me not really and you
definitely try out as much your products
are really good I'll leave you guys a
link in the comments below I'm really
excited I got to sample them I'm such a
big macho fan and that made my day guys
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
guys soon