hi guys today on Divas skin cook we are
making frozen Reese's pie great
summertime dessert for all those
cookouts you got coming up so let's get
started okay we're going to start by
making a fabulous Oreo pie crust so
we're going to place our Oreos into a
food processor and then we're going to
process this until it resembles fine
crumbs you want it nice and crumbly we
don't want any big chunks in there now
pour that into a bowl we're going to add
in a little bit of well a lot of melted
butter I like to this is a lot more
melted butter than I would normally use
for my pie crust but when I'm doing like
a frozen type of pie I like for my pie
crust they have a different texture to
it I'm kind of a know about that and now
I'm just going to spray my little pie
plate with some cooking spray and then
we're going to place the crumb mixture
into my pie plate and just press it
until it's nice and uniformed it's a lot
easier to work with when it's like
doughy as opposed to like crumbly so
yeah I like it like that so go ahead and
press it into place and get it perfect
and even then we're going to freeze it
for about 30 minutes just to kind of set
the crust a little bit and while that is
setting we're going to make the filling
for this pie and don't forget you guys
you can find this recipe on my blog D
cook.com with a ton of other recipes so
go check it out all right into a bowl
goes our softened cream cheese then
we're going to add in a little bit of
sweetened condensed milk the stuff that
I love so much then we're going to um
beat this until it's really fluffy and
creamy like that and if you have any
questions or comments leave them below I
try to answer them I answer a lot of
them anyway if you like this video let
me know by like it okay perfect now
we're going to add in some powdered
sugar to sweeten up a little bit more
cuz I like sweet and we're going to add
in some peanut butter this pie is
nauy if you're on a diet I am so sorry
honey cuz woo this pie is bringing it so
go ahead and mix it up until everything
is combined and then we're going to fold
in some Cool Whip oh I told y'all I told
you jeez fold in some Cool Whip okay
just like that and next we're going to
add in some chopped up
Reese's this is optional but I like to
add it in there you know okay go ahead
and fold that in there like that and
then we're going to pour this mixture
into our frozen pie crust okay just dump
it right on in it's so good I can stop
eating it and I'm just going to spread
it out with our offset spatula I love
those offset spatulas you should get one
if you don't have one then we're going
to cover this up and freeze it for about
two to three hours just to kind of set
the top a little bit okay all right this
pie is semi set so now it is ready for
our chopped up toppings the Reese's
yummy go ahead and open up some Reese's
and chop them up into little bits now if
you don't like reces you can use any
kind of candy this is really like a
frozen Candy Bar pie so use what you
like if you're not feeling the reces
okay but we like Reese's so we always
use Reese's okay go ahead and cover the
top up with Reese's and because I am
already fat I'm going to add on some um
melted chocolate oh my gosh melted
chocolate chips y'all it was so dog good
just perfect so go ah and add that
chocolate on there let it set and then
you want to cover this pie very tightly
and freeze it overnight okay and please
cover it tightly because I cannot stand
a frozen pie that tastes like the
freezer ew so we're going to pretend
this pie is frozen go ahead and cut into
it's obviously not frozen because I had
to go out of town okay I couldn't um
wait overnight to record this video so
go ahead and plate it up this pie never
Cuts neat for me whether it's frozen or
not so if you make this pie and you get
it to cut very neat I want to see a
picture cuz I don't believe you I want
to see it
but that is pretty much it I hope you
guys enjoyed this video bye