there is Beauty in being alone even if
you're not an introvert spending time
with yourself is something non-
introverts tend to forget to do but
there are huge perks while you may enjoy
every second your surrounded by people
it's important to sit back and relax
every once in a while with some me time
here are nine reasons why number one
there's nothing like knowing exactly who
you are we sometimes struggle to find
words when we are asked about ourselves
does your mind ever go blank when
someone asks what your hobbies are take
a moment to reflect upon yourself and
your interests connect with yourself so
you can better connect with others
through spending time
alone two you become more independent
relying on others when you're feeling
down doesn't usually work people might
be unavailable or unable to help you
when you need it when you take the time
to be by yourself you learn to be
emotionally self-sufficient it will take
the burden of worry off your shoulders
to be able to set your mind to something
and count on yourself to get it done
this is especially true when dealing
with your problems because of number
three nobody else knows you better than
you do no one but yourself has been
through everything you have nor do they
always know what's going on in your head
like you do thus it might be difficult
for them to completely understand how
something affects you take some time
alone to comprehend your feelings you'll
gain a deeper understanding of others
too number four you don't have to be
afraid to be you there's nothing quite
like not caring what anyone else thinks
and just being yourself it's tough to do
that when you're surrounded by people
though the only place you can truly
achieve that is when no one's around
relieve the stress from Everyday Life by
enjoying your time however makes you
happiest allow yourself to be vulnerable
when you're on your own number five
sexual exploration not Everyone likes to
talk about this not to mention partake
in it but a very important part of
self-discovery is getting to know every
inch of yourself in and out how can you
expect a future partner to know what
feels good for you when you don't know
your own body it's important to be
comfortable exploring every bit of
yourself before letting anyone else do
it number six strengthen your
appreciation for the little things this
may sound cliche but it's very true
whether it's stopping to Marvel at the
beauty of the world around you while a
soft wind breezes through your hair
turning on relaxing music and enjoying
it with every fiber of your being or
just going on a walk and treating
yourself to ice cream the little things
will ultimately bring you the most Joy
cherish these times with yourself they
matter number seven free your mind from
negativity life is coming for all all of
us take a moment of your day to sit back
and relax reflect on the things you're
thankful for and forget about the things
that are getting you down you'll have
the time to work them out and you have
to give yourself time to work them out
as well but just for a moment breathe
sit back and laugh a little number eight
allow yourself to recognize your
weaknesses we're all imperfect beings
part of what makes this imperfection so
great is how much room for improvement
we have when we analyze our flaws we
give ourselves the opportunity to work
on how to better ourselves as human
beings if you give yourself enough time
you can do anything and lastly number
nine you get to do what you want being
with friends is great this video isn't
trying to disprove that we are saying
that you should value your time alone
use it as an opportunity to just be at
times you may want to do something by
yourself take on a new hobby or indulge
in an obscure thing you're into whatever
you want to do do it as long as you get
to do it for yourself what are some
reasons you value your alone time