for this recipe you're going to need 100
Ms of water 250 g of granulated sugar
half a teaspoon of cream of TARTA and
some red food coloring now this should
make enough for about 20
lollies to make this the equipment
you're going to need
is so the first stage of this recipe is
to put our
sugar cream of TARTA and water into a
sauce
SP we now want to put it onto a high
heat until all the sugar has dissolved
now the cream of tataa is an interfering
agent that will stop sugar crystals
forming and hopefully leave us with a
nice clear glossy lollipop at the end so
now our Sugar's all dissolved we're
going to turn up the temperature and get
it boiling pop in our sugar thermometer
and stop stirring it so we've now been
boiling our sugar mixture for about 5
minutes and it's reached hard ball on
our sugar thermometer that's about
128Â° I'm going to take a teaspoon of it
out and show you how it reacts to cold
water so when we put this into cold
water it's starting to form something
that's quite
firm but it still doesn't doesn't crack
in the way that we know that lollipop
should it's still quite soft and pliable
but definitely doesn't just disappear
into the water okay so it's now reached
uh the temperature that we're looking
for and I'm going to demonstrate that by
taking a spoonful and just dropping it
into this cold
water okay so we're just going to pop
that straight into cold water and what
we're looking for is for it to set hard
and basically crack and it's setting in
the water and when we take it
out it should crack so I'm going to take
some of this out it's set nice and firm
you can see there and if you try and
break it you'll find that it just breaks
down into lots of little pieces so we're
just going to put in a tiny bit of the
food coloring at first because otherwise
it might go red straight
away we're going to allow that to cool
just a little
bit now to make our heart-shaped
lollipops we obviously going to need
some heart-shaped molds you can find
these available online now before we put
in our sugar syrup we need to make sure
that we grease each individual mold to
stop it from sticking to the plastic
when we pour it in so here's our mixture
you can see it's thicker than when we
first took it off the heat because we've
just allowed it to cool a little bit
before placing it into our molds so we
take a big dollop and we're just going
to ease it into the shape of our
heart then we're going to take one of
our lollipop sticks and put it into the
place just take another stick now these
are purpose made lollipop sticks okay so
you just need to leave those to set now
uh you can e them at room temperature or
pop them in the fridge to cool them down
a little bit quicker you should be able
to keep them for 2 to 3 weeks but make
sure when you store them that you don't
put them next to each other cuz they
will stick together just place them
between sheets of Grease proof paper in
an airtight
container and that's how to make
heart-shaped lollipops