what's up everyone in this video we're
gonna talk about why it might be a good
idea for you to start skipping breakfast
let's get into it
I know this might sound a little crazy
because we've always been told that
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day and in a sense it's true the
first meal of the day that you eat can
set you up for a day a fat-burning or a
day of carbohydrate dependency before we
get into why skipping breakfast might be
a good idea let's take a look at why
we've been told that skipping breakfast
is unhealthy there are multiple studies
that link skipping breakfast the higher
body weight and a bigger waist size and
on the other hand there are multiple
studies that indicate that eating
breakfast will lead to lower body weight
higher calcium intake and higher fiber
intake with that being said you're
probably wondering why I think that
skipping breakfast might be a good idea
and first we have to look at the
objective and credibility of those
studies you have to think where are
these studies getting funded from a lot
of researchers are getting funded by
specific industry to get some data or a
specific result rather than getting the
full story a good example of this would
be by a cereal company like Quaker they
spend a lot of money pitting out
research and studies that indicate that
eating breakfast is good and that eating
their cereal has benefits and while
those benefits are true in that you can
see benefits from eating their cereal it
doesn't give you the full story which
includes some of the downsides next you
have to look at the specific studies and
see how they're done did they have
control groups in account for every
single factor possible for example with
those studies that I just mentioned
there could be an unhealthy user bias as
with skipping breakfast is considered
unhealthy people that skip breakfast are
probably unhealthy in other aspects of
life they could be eating more working
out less smoking more cigarettes and
drinking more alcohol now let's look at
some of the benefits of skipping
breakfast overnight you're in a fasted
State and when you wake up if you don't
eat anything you're gonna be in a fasted
state as well this means that you're
gonna be burning fat Brad Pilon who's a
top expert behind the science of fasting
states that your metabolic rate is gonna
increase one fasting having a higher
metabolic rate will make you feel better
you burn more calories help you recover
from stress and injuries and help you
perform better in the gym fasting
increases your longevity and reduces
your chance of getting diseases but if
we breakfast in the morning it's gonna
break your fast and set you up for a
carb dependent day let's run through a
day when your carb dependent you're
gonna eat your first meal which is gonna
be carb heavy and in three or four hours
you're gonna have a rush of insulin to
push out that glucose out of your
bloodstream but that rise in insulin is
gonna stop you or prevent you from using
your body fat as energy meaning that the
fats gonna be manifest physically and
you'll notice that this also means
you're gonna eat more calories
throughout the day and that's because
your blood sugar levels are just gonna
go up and then down and you need to eat
when your blood sugar levels are down if
you decided you want to try skipping
breakfast there are a few things I want
to talk about first
first and foremost never skip breakfast
if you're actually hungry because your
body's gonna take glucose from lean
muscle mass to keep you going next it
might be a good idea to transition out
of eating breakfast slowly so if you
normally eat breakfast around 7:00 a.m.
maybe push it to 7:30 one day then 8:00
and 9:00 until it's about noon and
you're ready for lunch starting to skip
breakfast when you've been accustomed to
eating breakfast is a little bit tricky
it's kind of a mind game for me what
happened was I would wake up and I'd
feel hungry but I would kind of power
through and I noticed that when I got
distracted
that hunger went away and what does that
mean that means I wasn't actually hungry
but since I'm so accustomed to eating
breakfast I'm just used to it my body's
used to eating it in the morning and it
will trick you trying to get you to
breakfast if you want to get into more
detail of what could break your fast
make sure to check out my other video
about how to do intermittent fasting
where I dive into detail about that
skipping breakfast has a ton of benefits
and that's mainly because you're in a
fasted state but the problem is a lot of
people don't know how to fast correctly
so what I've done is I created my exact
meal plan which shows when I eat what I
drink during my fasted state and when my
fasted say it is you can download that
in the description below and I'll email
to you I know this is a controversial
subject because we've always been told
that opposite of this so I'd love to
hear your opinion about it leave a
comment and I'll get back to it and if
you like this video give it a like and
subscribe please