hi I'm Ches way in this video I
demonstrate the feasibility of an
American ginseng print with three prongs
from his rise on-road produced in Canada
please refer to my YouTube video Auto
crochon sempron in dose they zero for
the same procedures that I did for this
video the commercial available fresh
ginseng roots usually men raisins on the
top of their primary roots
ginseng plant actually develop from the
rhizome but not his primary root I
bought my second package of ginseng
roots and the Green Knight roots in two
containers my roots in container a and
the four roots in container be among
those nitros only one of them in
container P developed successfully to us
reduce all three prongs in ginseng
language each prong is composed of
poetry compound leaves and as l45
leaflets this this three prongs ginseng
plant has 15 lipless in total i water i
water this ginseng plant once a week to
keep the soil moist condition but not
texas up to almost three months at 55
fahrenheit this ginseng friend also
began to develop a flowerpot crustal