hello Richard Velasquez here with
Southeast mobile pressure cleaning uh
today I wanted to show you how we clean
how to clean a driveway and there's
several methods which you could use to
clean this driveway uh I have several
tools here in front of me pressure
washing
tools first one I have here is a is a
rinse tip nozzle it get a fan spray uh
you can usually get this in a 15 or 25°
pattern or even 40° pattern depending on
if you use a white green or yellow
nozzle I would use the green or white
nozzle as those nozzles are not as
aggressive on the
concrete this would be one option uh
using this option though it's going to
take a lot longer versus these other
tools and it's also likely going to
leave Stripes as you will not be able to
keep as a consistent even pressure
washing pattern from the surface that
you're working on that you're cleaning
the next tool I have
here it's called a turbo nozzle or a
rotary nozzle and what this does is this
puts a fan spray out in approximately 12
in
circle this is a lot faster and more
efficient than using the fan spray so
here's another method of cleaning
concrete this tool is better used in the
hands of an experience someone with some
pressure washer experence experience as
this turbo nozzle quite powerful and can
cause some damage this is only a tool
that I use on concrete and driveways the
next tool I have here is a Surface
Cleaner and this is basically like a
lawn mower for cleaning concrete I'm
able to control the area this big at an
even consistent pattern and I'm going to
produce higher quality results and I
will be able to complete this job at a
faster rate versus these other tool
tools and I'll show you guys a little
demonstration of what each looks like
after getting clean the first tool I'm
going to show you a demonstration on is
the fan
spray the next tool I'm going to use to
clean the concrete is the rotary nozzle
now the next tool I'm going to use is
this Surface Cleaner this is my favorite
tool and this the fastest of the three
in order to get the concrete clean
so there you can see exactly how long it
took me to briefly exactly how long it
took me to clean the concrete now here
is a look at all three
cleanings you can see the difference in
between each
one the one on the right was completed
using the fan
the spot in the
middle it's cleaned using the rotary
nozzle and the clean spot on the left
hand side here is used by a Surface
Cleaner as you can see the results from
using a Surface
Cleaner using a rotary
nozzle and using a fan spray take a look
at the differ between the uniformity
between this fan spray and the Surface
Cleaner this just goes to show you the
difference in between the tools as
professional tools you'll get higher
quality results