[Music]
hi this is Chef Maro today I'm going to
show you how to make fried okra the
healthy way this is a great way to fry
your okra because you're not even frying
it at all you're going to be doing it in
the oven so it's a lot healthier for you
to get started you'll want to heat the
oven to
350° then you'll want to get a non-stick
baking sheet ready to go next I want to
slice up my okra to do this I'm going to
get whole okra I'm going to cut off both
ends and then I'm going to slice it into
about half inch
slices now I have about one cup of
sliced okra then in a shallow dish I
want to crack one
egg and then I'm going to mix it up
until it's beaten
now that my egg is beaten I am going to
get my flour cornmeal mixture ready to
bread the okra in another shallow dish
I'm going to add 1/2 cup of yellow corn
meal this is the fine cornmeal and then
a half a cup of allpurpose
flour then I'm going to add about a
tablespoon of my favorite spice blend
you can use just some salt and pepper
you can could use some dried herbs today
I'm using a Cajun
mix I'm just blending everything
together with my
fingers now I am ready to coat my okra
so first I'm going to dip my okra in the
egg
mixture you want to get it in there
enough so that all the pieces of okra
have a chance to get
coated then I'm going to move the okra
into the flour cornmeal mixture I'm just
going to use my hands to get everything
coated nice and
evenly then I'm going to just shake off
some of the excess flour cornmeal
mixture and put it on my baking
sheet now that my okra is on the baking
sheet I'm just going to give it a light
spray you could use a canned aerosol
baking spray today I'm just going to be
using some olive oil that I have in one
of those handy spritzer bottles
this is what's going to help give the
okra a nice crunchy and fried flavor and
texture without the added fat or
calories now it's ready to go in my 350°
oven for about 40 to 45 minutes until a
golden
brown this is Chef Maro showing you how
to make fried okra the healthy way enjoy
[Music]