good morning you here with hillbilly
Jilly's garden recipe scanning a little
bit everything today I'm going to teach
you how to make the perfect sunny-side
up egg they are one of my favorites and
so I'm going to show you how I do it
I always crack my eggs in a bowl number
one if they're fresh eggs you want to
make sure that they're safe and if
they've not been fertilized and
something's growing and also if they
better product you know that they're not
going to fry up like you want next I get
my skillet really good and hot I put
some butter in there you have I'm going
to use fry it up with
so my butter is melting I'm gonna let
this melt down a little bit and if you
want to know how to make homemade butter
go back and look at my homemade butter
video quite delicious and see if you do
it it last you a long time and very
fresh I'm going to go ahead and put my
two eggs in here with a little cook
I've got it all about medium and we'll
turn it down just a bit now some people
will do they're over easy eggs our
friends I don't like mine flip although
they are tasty but if I want sunny-side
up
I want the risotto so much in a minute
I've got my oven preheated to 325
degrees and I'll show you what we're
going to do next you can see they're
starting to cook up quite nicely here
and I'm fixing the tectum off of the
burner and I'm going to them in my 325
degree oven my eggs have been in a 325
degree preheated oven for about four and
a half minutes all in all I've made me a
good breakfast with two real honey setup
over easy eggs with two pieces of toast
in less than six minutes thanks for
watching if you like our Channel please
subscribe take care and God bless
you