okay now we're going to go ahead and do
the one-to-one soil pH test that could
be done in the classroom or in the field
as what you see here we've already went
through step three where I tightly
capped the vial and and shook it 25
times now what we need to do is decant
our mixture into the lid and we want to
go about 1/8 inch a soil water mixture
in the bottom of my lid okay if you want
you could have some hard surface here
but just want to show you that you can
do this virtually anywhere now we have
our soil pH paper that you received in
your soil bucket and we need to make
sure I get my hand firm on the ground
and probably about a 45 degree angle I'm
going to try to break the tension free
of this sometimes it's like jello so
it's difficult and what we're doing is
having the water is moving up the strip
and you see a slight change in color
you're going to do this for about a
minute the bottom part of the strip will
be discolored from the soil water
mixture so we won't be able to read that
the very upper part that's changing
color will not have gotten as much water
so when we measure this we'll measure
just a little ways up from the
discolored soil colored area
so after about a minute if we put and it
quits changing colors we're going to go
ahead and pull that out you can tear it
off
and then we simply take the strip we're
going to compare it to the color in this
case I want to go directly above the
soil color and you see it's basically a
yellow color then on up further it turns
back to orange but the reason we want to
go lower on the paper is that's the area
that had enough water contact to to make
the change in color so we're right at a
7 to maybe just slightly lower than that
so probably about a 6 5 pH and again
what you would do is record this in your
table in your educator guide and go
ahead and look at the various tables and
see what impacts it has on nutrient
uptake crop productivity all the other
things that you'd want to interpret with
this test