hi everyone welcome to Amy learns to
cook on the show today we're going to
make orzo pasta with mushrooms and peas
now I absolutely love orzo it's a little
rice shaped pasta that's absolutely
fantastic so join me as we make orzo
pasta with mushroom and peas
[Music]
you
so let's do a little prep and first off
we're going to cut up some garlic I'm
using my very cool brand new dowel
strong phantom knife and we're just
going to we need to need to mince this
so we have three cloves of garlic you
can put as much as little as you want
we're sort of garlic heads around this
house so garlic is a must next up we're
going to cut up our mushrooms and I've
just washed these always wash my
mushrooms because mushrooms are dirty I
don't think it adds that much additional
water you can cut them like this or you
can cut them in half like this however
you like them but I'm also going to die
some onion it's nice and cool I love
knives
[Music]
this is kind of like a small to medium
onion okay so I have our saute pan over
medium heat you could use a soft pan you
don't necessarily have to use a saute
pan I have some olive oil blue we're
going to put our onions in
[Music]
we're going to put our mushrooms in
you're just going to saute these till
they're softened a little bit
[Music]
I smell absolutely fantastic so we're
going to put some garlic in I'm just
putting this sort of in at this stage as
I don't want it to burn we're just going
to saute it out for one minute so I have
one cup of orzo pasta or though it looks
like rice it's not rice but it looks
like it and let me tell you from my
Italian Wedding soup
orzo blows up I have made the mistake so
many times of putting a whole bunch of
orzo in a soup and it just sucks all the
liquid up so you have to be very careful
on the amount that you put in because
you can make a hot mess for yourself
so we're just going to saute this a
little bit until it gets a little nutty
so I have 3 cups of low-sodium chicken
broth I make this out of better than
bullion I really like the flavor of it
and it's easier to call it home and a
whole bunch of a whole bunch of cans or
for the paper part
so we're just going to bring the heat up
on this we're going to let it bring it
to a light boil we're going to back it
off a little bit towards just a small
rolling boil until the orzo sucks up all
that liquid and becomes al dente okay so
the pasta has taken up a lot of that
liquid we're going to go ahead and put
our frozen peas in here and I just have
like a cup of frozen peas frozen peas
cook really fast you don't have to put
them in for any like long length of time
they will just cook from the residual
heat that looks absolutely fantastic by
the way
I'm going to put in a couple tablespoons
of butter and we're going to let that
melt I had turned the heat down so we're
just going to season it a little bit I'm
going to use this Fox point from pansies
it is great for a lot of different
things it has salt shallots chives
garlic onion and green peppercorns you
can use whatever kind of seasoning you
like or I don't even know it's even that
delicious and a lot I'm going to put
some fresh cracked black pepper
this one was this a little fine
[Music]
same thing with a little salt don't want
to over solve it because we have a lot
of chickens off
[Music]
so I'm going to put some parmesan in
here I have some shredded parmesan I'm
allergic to cheese so I'm going to take
my portion out and then I'm going to put
the parmesan in Erichs portion a little
funny because just because I'm gonna
learn it to cheese but you can
definitely just go ahead and put as much
parmesan you can use fontina whatever
kind of cheese you like we'll just give
it a little bit more creaminess but this
looks clearly creamy with the bottom
Wow
it looks delicious it looks absolutely
so let's plate it up
okay so let's get us a nice Wow
it's beautiful it's an absolutely
beautiful dish you will wow anybody
serving this dish to them so let's serve
up a little for Eric Wow absolutely
beautiful and for Eric we're going to
give him a little parmesan on the top
stuff let's take a taste okay let's try
this this is comfort food comfort food
all the way we've got some mushrooms you
got the peas we got the orzo the Fox
Point just knocks it out of the park hmm
you don't even you to cheese whoops is
creamy it is delicious and you could do
without it what this would be great
paired with is a you know a pan-seared
piece of chicken or even grilled
and you have a full meal I can tell you
this is fantastic
you're absolutely going to love it try
it so easy to make sort of a different
way to use orzo and it is absolutely
fantastic if you liked this video please
subscribe below and give me a comment
and alike visit my website at Amy
Lawrence to cook calm
I'm also on Pinterest and Twitter at Amy
learns to cook dot dot dot dot dot dot
dot hmm JC you know it's really good
[Music]