so the start of my horizontal fence let
me use postmasters I think they'll hold
up they're gonna be what I need for this
design these are all eight foot two feet
will go on the ground six Eagle stick up
this is the fence that I'm replacing the
old fence probably about 30 to 40 years
old I bought this Claire that's bent
from Home Depot hopefully give me some
good protection for a few years
yes I'm choosing to stain it before I
put it up just that way I can get
everything I get on edges get all the
nooks and the crannies I get all the
concrete today from home
they're gracious enough to help me load
my truck
all right now ready Phil defense here's
the head engineer these turns off this
is the hanging jihadi turns off
so it looks like boards are all dried
today I will start stage two of the
fence building and actually start
putting the fence up two by six I'm
gonna go get this pole that's gonna
serve as my post extension clapped it on
there scoot it alright so I got the
first panel up
[Music]
all right so I am putting the finishing
touches on the fence I got these uh one
by fours and then I cut them in half
just gonna be cheaper that way some flat
chops and now I'm just finishing the
tops and for here hide these poles just
put a picket on this side and the same
rails that I cut earlier for that for
the finishing touches place right here
I'll place it right here and then screw
it on there okay like a little box hide
it
[Music]
they came out pretty good originally was
quoted $6,000 for 140 square feet by a
company and I was able to do it for
under $3,000