[Music]
we usually get them from the public they
uh either have seen the dough hit by a
car or they've um seen a fawn out in the
wild we we have to take uh the Public's
word that the dough is confirmed dead
because the dough will leave that Fawn
for upwards to 10 hours
and she might be 50 ft off away from you
watching you pick up her Fawn and bring
it
out
that so then we have to get them and get
them all on a
nipple all of it is Jacky a little bit
for the bowl oh yeah that's good that's
good and they suck it down pretty
quick eventually they'll get the hang
that this is always here for them and
they'll just come up and eat whenever
they want but for now they sometime they
feel like they can't be on here unless I
put their faces on
it come on you got to figure it out
kiddo some get it better than others and
we give them grass hay and alala for
them to
graze all buddy was that number four
yeah that's number four he's hiding back
here he's dainty we have a person who uh
lives up on the Norths side outside
park that has
uh about 500 ACR combined with uh three
neighbors that uh none of them are
hunters and they get to be turned around
on his property he's got Running Springs
their spots will almost be gone the the
little spots that you see on the side of
them that's to help the camouflage them
in the wild but when they're here you
know they don't really need their spots
but they'll have to be eating on their
own and they will be a little bit more
wild than this so we could have to watch
them from afar and they will kind of
dance around like you see fawns in the
wild
do did you want to look inside