hey guys it's Heather from tell of a
plan I'm here today making a spring
cleaning sheet for my classic happy
planner so this is a notebook that I
made using some heavy player products
and I am just going to slip so you fall
grid paper so I'm just going to flip to
some grid paper and pull some out and
I'm going to use this paper to create a
spring cleaning with a spring cleaning
and a page to pop into my classic heavy
planner to help me really get a hold of
cleaning the top because I feel like I'm
getting rose behind on cleaning so I'm
going to be using these are stickers
from the cleaners on geniuses my planner
junkie binder which if you want to get
your own stickers from the cleaner
junkie I have a discount code and then
we'll get you 20% off your order of $10
or more so I'll put that in the
description below so I'm just going to
be using different um stickers from her
pack I'm looking for I obviously don't
have here we go okay so this pack right
here is a clean it up sheet of stickers
which is so cute and it's really going
to help me to make my cleaning chart so
I'm going to go ahead and pull this page
out because I know I want to use it and
then I'm going to flip over here to my
header section and I think these
scalloped labels are really cute as well
so I'm going to use these to help me
create a spring cleaning chart so I'm
going to use this yes I'm going to use
this gold washi tape just to kind of
make a header
this washi tape up all over the long
time ago so I don't know exactly where I
got it but I really like it because it's
like gold foil washi okay so I'm going
to write my header up here and then down
here is where I'm going to make my
spring cleaning sheet so I'm thinking
that I want to make a section for each
day so maybe Monday let's count one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
okay Tuesday what I'm counting is the
boxes so that I can make it kind of even
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
[Music]
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten head of it one two three four
five six seven eight nine oh I put it
one - hi - phylla Chris hello one two
three four one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten so this can be
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
and then maybe I can split it and just
do weekend over here um that's what I'm
going to do sometimes I need this box
that I have on hand to help me draw a
straight line
I've heard enough put it over here it's
just a weakened or I might leave it like
that gonna all right then I have all
these fun colors pins that I got from
Amazon and they're right on fine liner
pins 0.4 millimeters these are amazing
they remind me a lot of the man be fence
but they come in a lot of fun colors so
I'll put a link to these in the
description below but I'm going to use
this pin is to write the days of the
week on these little labels so Monday
today I'll see how these are writing
what I love I love how these pins right
but I also love this sticker paper that
the planners any even I love the way it
makes my pins look on the stickers but
may sound weird but it's like I don't
know I don't think know how to describe
it but the paper the summer uses is
amazing
okay so I'm hoping that this cleaning
chart is going to help me keep my house
a little cleaner without because right
now it's like I was just I'm really bad
about doing a little bit every day so
that's my goal I want to do a little bit
every day so that I'm not just super
overwhelmed because I don't do that nail
and then when it's time to clean it's
like so much cleaning that I'm just
miserable so I'm just going to use one
of these little cleaning in this little
backing disappears decoration and then
up here on the knee I'm actually there
is a fun color
I love this one it's like a mint color
almost I love these new pins and you get
like 48 of them and for only like 10
dollars and 97 cents right now so if you
haven't check these out I'll put the
link in the description and you need to
get them they're seriously amazing ok so
then I have any stickers I say daily
chore so I wonder I think I'm going to
put one of these
here like a label
now I put do one time a week okay
so then I kind of need another line now
I'm just going to write in that color
select Monday's orange so I'm going to
grab an orange pen and write an orange
on my bed if it's going to be so cute
okay so on Monday my twittle
we go for the day my god ooh - so the
first one can be a clean kitchen clean
the kitchen especially after the crazy
weekend if I can do that every Monday
and then my other one can be put away
[Music]
laundry because I haven't really thought
about doing the laundry on Sundays but
I'm really bad at putting like pulling
it and putting it away
okay so then on Tuesday let's put clean
[Music]
downstairs
bathroom and then maybe dust
yeah
okay then those Wednesday really hard to
read with yellow but I'm going to try it
anyway sorry I think I just shut the
camera really bad I'm apologize for that
yes that yellow is pretty much
impossible to read
Wednesday let's do clean how you can't
read that at all so another one of the
yellows I don't think I might worry this
one in there nope that one's even worse
what about this poses and I just have to
do the yellow and black which is kind of
a bummer but so I'm going to go back
over this
upstairs
uh-huh and I'm going to use the LS ugly
snake
clean alle work all right
and then on Thursdays I should probably
run the robot mop subscribe to that one
at this Thursday but definitely I can do
it once a week and that would at least
come a little bit so run robot mop and
stingers
and then let's put maybe transit of what
are some other things that I need to do
take out trash
especially like in our bedroom really
bad about leaving like empty water
bottles lying around but our trash makes
Friday so ok and then on Friday I'm
going to put clean office - lord knows I
need to start plating that Martha's
crazy in here clean office clean man
cave
Matthew has a man cave that who knows
what's on he cleaned it
so I said office you can put the man
cave and then maybe one more because
it's Friday if they have the kitchen
bathrooms bedrooms maybe um organize all
dirty laundry
I love these pins have I mentioned how
much I love these bends because I love
these fins I don't know if I could tell
how often they write but then write
really awesome
okay so then on the weekend this can be
done on any day
those little isn't doing so clean out
kitchen or clean up fridge laundry
and then I'm white
colored
and lower oh yes you have to do your
little row separate you want to keep it
nice quail fridge laundry
let's put clean kitchen because earlier
I just put dust
mop upstairs run robot mop upstairs if
y'all have a robot mock you need to get
one of those two they in have changed my
life but I give it one for Christmas
it's amazing I'll put the link to it in
the description too because trust me
y'all want a robot mop it's seriously
like amazing okay so I don't know off
the top of my head what other chores
I should add to this list even though I
know I should add them so I'm just going
to drop some boxes and then I can fill
it in later but also he'll through that
many chores on the weekend okay so now
I'm going to take some of these and just
stick them like like here I'm going to
add this here and I'm going to put em
clean all bassam's because even that
large that it wants to sweep our back up
honestly probably clean twice
it was a fun I really like this yellow
one I'm going to put it here that's cute
here talking about the robot mops I'm
going to grab this purple vacuum I'm
going to put it here and then I'm just
going to take some other cute little
stickers
in here and then I'm going to write cute
little quote like a clean towel
happy hi there that's cute
and now I can just pop this into my
classic planner my whole planner can
refer to it on a daily basis and
hopefully this will help me keep my
house a little bit cleaner so I won't
bore y'all with well I guess homeless
done now but I'm just using Turner I'm
doing I'm using this ten to fold the
down strengths to kind of make it like
fake calligraphy is that was not clearly
but okay so again I use these two
sticker pages from the planners I keep
clean it up and scallop labels I will
put a coupon code in the description in
case you want to grab your own planner
junkie stickers and here I'll also put a
link to these awesome pins and I hope
that you liked what you saw if you did
then hit that like button and if you
want to see more hit that subscribe
button and have you planning guys
you