so these are the ingredients for the
brilliant butter pudding and I have four
slices eye cream the in and cut it into
half lengthways and this is how it looks
like so I added a bit of butter
you can always spread some any kind of a
jam that you like but I always use a jam
for a glaze then it gives that nice
extra texture to the bread and butter
coding then 600 milliliters warm milk
adding more milk use a little relief for
you it cooks quickly and 5 eggs about 50
grams 200 grams Sultana or raisins and 1
tablespoon sugar separately and 100
grams sugar for the pudding so let's
start it and a bit of vanilla or nutmeg
or cinnamon first into a ball at the egg
and whisk the egg so add a drop of any
lack of the egg and some cinnamon or
nutmeg after mix well and look for that
add the sugar whisk again at the mill
whisk again if you like you can add a
little bit of our cream half half half
milk and half with increase after
printer this will turn on top of the
bread and pour the prepared mixture if
you like you can strain this if you are
not sure about the edges and leave the
bread to soak about half an hour after
this goes to the oven 170 180 about 1
hour make sure that you put this in a
water bath a tray with water and leave
it in it then it cooks nice
so the bed end by decoding is ready and
I took it from the oven and left to
settle a bit I put the sugar on top but
I actually forgot to those chain so
first take the size fall from the tree
and then what they live the way you like
to plant a couple and it is really easy
and a knife
this vessel can cry for her visit and
not only that you can clip it and leave
it in the fridge the day before so this
is how it looks like so to get the
recipe visit culinary corner dotnet
thank you for watching