hey folks it's Philly boy Jay and today
I'm going to be showing you guys how to
make crab solad and I make crab solid
with imitation crab
meat this is the last minute video this
really wasn't planned I'm about to make
some crab salad so I said you know since
I'm about to whip together some crab
solad might as well do a video on it and
show you guys how I make my crab solad
which is the best crab silent in the
whole wide world but yeah we're going to
be using imitation crab meat and this is
a
pound of imitation crab meat okay so
make sure you get
that okay guys so now we're going to
talk about the condiments that I like to
use in my crab salad and I want to make
a few things clear as it pertains to the
condiments okay you do not need to use
both helmond and Miracle wh most people
prefer to use hel a lot of people don't
like Miracle Whip because it's a little
on the sweet side so you can use one or
the other other people do like Miracle
Whip I know my family like it because
they like their solid to have just a
little sweetness to it it don't make the
solid sweet it just balances out the
flavors and give it a little touch of
sweetness but some people do not like
any amount of Sweetness in their food or
salads so if you don't want it to be a a
little sweet you can just use the Mayo
and not use the Miracle Whip okay so you
can use one or the other or you can use
both like I like to use I like a
combination of mayo and Miracle Whip and
most of my
solids also the yellow
mustard is optional you don't have to
use the yellow mustard I like to have
balance in my food no matter what I'm
making I like it to be balanced I don't
like it to be too Tangy or too sweet I
like balanced food that is why my food
is the best food in the whole wide world
and why so many people always
complimenting my food no matter what it
is is because I understand the science
to cooking I understand what it takes to
make food great and that is balance
balance is something that we need in
life period without balance I don't know
what to say y'all I don't know what to
say so for me I like to use just a hint
of yellow mustard because it has a
little bit of vinegar in it but if
you don't like mustard you don't have to
add it to your crab salad it's something
that not a lot of people add to crab
salad anyway so make sure you have these
condiments we're going to be using salt
you don't really need to use salt
because there's a little salt in the Old
Bay but just to make sure that it's well
seasoned I like to add a little bit of
salt you're going to need some black
pepper add a nice amount of that now
with the parsley flakes I'm just using
parsley flakes because I don't have any
fresh parsley but I recommend that you
use some fresh parsley fresh is always
the best fresh is always the best so if
you have some fresh parsley laying
around the house chop it up into really
really small pieces and add that instead
of parsley
flakes and the secret and special
ingredient is the old B the old B I add
old B to
anything that Seafood okay like seafood
solids especially Old Bay is what does
the trick in it takes the recipe to
another level without this one seasoning
here o I would not even make
this I really won't I just won't make
it now that's about the vegetables most
people only use celery but I like to use
a combination of celery onions and a
green bell pepper and I only use a small
amount of green bell peppers and onions
I do use a nice amount of celery but I
don't use a lot of grain peppers and
onions all right you just want to add
that to give it a little extra kick a
little extra you guys know I do
everything different you know I'm unique
or you see put green but peppers onions
and celery and seafood crab salad well
some people might maybe I'm not as
unique as I think I am but we're going
to be using a very very small amount of
vegetables and I like to dice my
vegetables into really really really
really really small pieces especially
when making crab solad so make sure you
visit my website phillyjaycooking.com
and there you'll find the full recipe
all the detailed instructions and the
exact measurements on how much
seasonings vegetables and condiments to
use okay so I'm going to dice my
vegetables up and I'll get back with you
guys and show you how it's supposed to
look okay guys so that's the way you
want your vegetables look you want them
diced into really small pieces
I chopped my celery up kind of chunky
but my onions and green peppers are
really really
small now what we're going to do is
we're going to chop up our crack meat
we're going to add this to a mixing bowl
and we're going to chop up our crack
meat
chop it up the long way it smells
amazing by the way oh
goly like that okay so I'm going get
done chopping it up and I'll get back
with you guys once I'm done
okay guys so we're going to begin adding
our crab meat
okay guys so now we're going to stir the
meat and the vegetables together then
we're going to get ready to add our
seasonings and our
condiments
okay okay so like I said o b already has
salt in it so we going to add add just a
small amount of
salt very small
amount we're going to add our black
pepper
okay we're going to add our Old Bay
seasoning and last but not least our
parsley
going to stir the seasonings
in just like
that now we're going to get ready to add
our condiments now like I said if if you
want to follow my recipe to a t you can
add the mustard but if you're a little
skeptical about adding it just add a
very very small amount I'm already
adding a small amount I'm only adding
about I don't know a half a
teaspoon so here's my Miracle Whip and
my Mayo I'm just going to start together
and then I'm going to add
[Music]
it there you go
and we're going to fold this
in hold this in really
well and this is pretty much it guys
after this you're going to place it in
the refrigerator to
chill but make sure you stir in really
well make sure all of
the ingredients are well
Incorporated look at that
ah okay guys so here's our crab salad as
you can see it stiffened up a bit
because it's
chilled so we're about to get to serve
this like I said you can eat it like
this you can put it on bread and eat it
as a sandwich
or you
can eat it as a spread on
crackers it's really really good try it
out
hope you guys enjoy
peace e