how to make crock-pot black eye peas
with smoked turkey wings my way
are you ready you know what time it is
stop playing come on let's go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
please feel free to substitute any of
the above listed ingredients with your
favorite seasonings using a colander or
bowl add your smoked turkey wings then
rinse several times with cold water
[Music]
now add your cleaned smoked turkey wings
to the bottom of your crock pot add your
water chicken or turkey broth your
choice add enough to cover the smoked
turkey wings put your top on put your
crock pot setting on high for 2 hours
[Music]
using a bowl or colander pour in your
black-eyed peas carefully inspect your
black-eyed peas for rocks dirt or bad
looking peas once found throw them away
now wash of black-eyed peas in cold or
cool water several times add your
cleaned black-eyed peas to a bowl cover
with hot tap water and soak for one hour
this quick pre-soaking method is to help
cut down on your cooking time if you
should skip this step
don't worry your black-eyed peas will
still turn out great
[Music]
now add your cleaned soaked and drained
Black Eyed Peas
the Rotel diced tomatoes and chilies
the meat tenderizer and baking soda and
stir well now add your onion and garlic
powder cumin thyme and oregano smoked
paprika minced garlic black pepper brown
sugar slap your mama cajun seasoning
McCormick seasoning mix and mix well
[Music]
add your bay leaf cover your crock pot
wood foil and its top and cook for two
hours on a high setting now add your
pick sweet seasoning blend which is
peppers onions and celery and stir well
into your black-eyed peas and smoked
turkey cover with foil and the top and
cook for another two to three hours
[Music]
after five hours I removed the smoked
turkey wings shredded the meat and
returned to meet back into the crock-pot
[Music]
serve the crock-pot black-eyed peas and
smoked turkey wings my way on top of
some steamed white rice fill your bowl
or plate with the soft black-eyed peas
and don't forget the creamy and seasoned
gravy garnish with some green onions and
parsley or live on the wild side and add
some chopped turkey bacon as well this
recipe is a seasoning when when and is
definitely worth the wait you have to
give this recipe a try
[Music]
this is deshaun to be thank you guys so
much for watching
you are so greatly appreciated check out
Mock the infinite music producer contact
him through his Gmail and SoundCloud and
you know what I'm about to say you know
what time it is
stop playing until next time bye guys
[Music]