hey everyone today I'm going to show you
how to get your porcelain sink clean
from scuff marks and stains without the
use of a p Stone first you're going to
rinse your sink with some water to get
it nice and wet and then we're going to
use something called barkeeper friend
which is a cleanser and polish that you
can get at your local Walmart or any
store just sprinkle it on your
sink generously and then use a regular
dish sponge that has a scrubby side that
seems to work the best at removing all
the stains that are on your sink all you
have to do is
scrub and you will see the stains and
the scuff marks disappear before your
very
[Music]
eyes then just rinse your sink like you
normally would
[Music]
here is the finished results you'll see
that your sink is gleaming it's
beautiful it's shiny and there's no more
marks or
stains please give this video a thumbs
up if you found it useful thank you so
much for watching