[Music]
how to make a birdhouse out of wood
creating something with your hands is
always a fulfilling enjoyable and
productive endeavor especially if done
with someone close to you whether it is
a garden a painting a cake or even
repairing a car a common activity brings
people closer and strengthens
relationships and memories
this is truer when you teach a young
person to make something working on a
mutually enjoyable project will present
precious opportunities to build memories
as well as something tangible something
you both can be proud of if you are
looking for just about any project to do
with someone then how about teaching him
or her how to make a birdhouse out of
wood birdhouses come in all shapes and
sizes in many forms and colors made of
various kinds and combinations of
materials but not all birdhouses are
created equal one the first thing you
need to know about how to make a
birdhouse out of wood or any other
material has nothing to do with the
birdhouse itself you must find out about
the birds that are native to your
locality and the kinds of birdhouses
they like some birds no matter how
beautiful and well made your birdhouse
is will never be enticed by something
alien to them don't take it personally
but don't let your efforts go to waste
either from the first be sure that the
birdhouse you build will actually be
attractive for the species you want to
draw to what we consider beautiful may
not be so to others art is a matter of
taste human aesthetics is irrelevant to
birds consider first their needs and
then plan your birdhouse around those
needs take note of the things that are
important to the bird how far from the
ground they prefer to nest the kinds of
predators they avoid the things they
like to feed on 3 once you've determined
the birds you want to be using your
birdhouse and the things they need then
you can start building with some
rudimentary carpentry skills you can
easily put together a decent birdhouse
the easier your birdhouse is to make the
more likely you will encourage a
youngster to try
is hand at it for find a cardboard box
that is about the same dimension as the
birdhouse you want to build draw a
circle where you want the feeding hole
to be and mark the spot where the dowel
for the bird to perch on is supposed to
go at the back side of the box mark two
inches down from the top then on both
sides of the box draw diagonal lines
from the top of the front to the two
inch line at the back this will form the
slope of the roof mark T on the tops of
all four sides four cut the box apart
set aside the four sides that form the
body of the box discard the top and
bottom parts of the box six use the
cutout parts as a pattern to cut your
wood to size except for the top and
bottom there should be four parts to the
body you also need a dowel for the perch
transfer all pattern markings to the
wood parts seven note that the bag
should be 2 inches shorter from the
front part in each of the two sides
should be cut on the diagonal at one end
pre-drill the hole according to the
pattern and attach the dowel with the
spot you marked as well 8 making sure
that the front part is right-side up
into all four bottoms are aligned nail
the body of the birdhouse together 9
take the body and stand it on a piece of
wood trace around the bottom and cut the
wood out 10 stand the birdhouse on the
top opening so that all ledges are flat
on another piece of wood the frame
should be standing at an angle not
perpendicular because of the sloped
sides trace around the edges of the top
opening mark 3 to 5 inches outside the
box you traced depending on the size of
the overhang you want the birdhouse to
have cut out this larger box 11 nail the
bottom to the structure to form the
floor of the birdhouse in the roof to
the top 12 again depending on the bird
you want your birdhouse to attract you
may opt to paint your handiwork if you
do make sure you hang it on its
designated spot only after the paint has
dried completely in the house is safe to
use now that your birdhouse is done hang
it on the spot you have chosen for
allow some time for the birdhouse to
blend into the surroundings and for the
natural course of nature to remove
traces of your smell in touch from it
before birds will consider it safe to
explore