hi guys the public sites are doing this
fine thursday ok so this morning and I
haven't eaten breakfast yet and I really
so to draw a conclusion I feel like
making cupcakes because I'm hungry and I
don't know what to make cupcakes so I
came up with the best idea ever and that
is to make cupcakes without a recipe
because I am a pro chef through she also
sick don't try to mix as professional as
I possibly can so just follow these
simple steps you will get food poisoning
a mixing bowl and you don't have one you
can just use a hat utensil just mixing I
guess you know what I actually found
chocolate muffins in my comfort so let's
just end this video here and I can just
eat them right by there's no that's fine
I might do some for something is that ok
so what we gonna do we're going to peel
a [ __ ] [ __ ] take the Apple and
then shred it do you think about it you
can just like gather all that up again
and then just make a new apple out of it
same thing right now the daughter apples
we want to do something more to it to
make it a bit more tasty I say we have
cinnamon yes cinnamon its life a lot of
cinnamon is really good because cinnamon
is fantastic so yes we should mix it
smells amazing ok let's make it a bit
unhealthy I'm liking sticky we're going
to add some syrup you could add honey
but it won't make it a sticky ah smells
like dreams do something of this router
just made a mess I actually can't tell
the difference at the moment going to
look like this professional I know I
might have added a bit too much
might happen to be extra health and
we're getting dad's on peanut butter
because peanut butter is really [ __ ]
good I would say this is about enough
and then once again mix it all together
too much Oh like that right guys guys
guys you had this that's the sound of
disappointment you know what guys
directional to fix flash hop muffin for
this experiment good elven they're going
to how it taste it it's actually not
that bad we need cocoa powder would i
call this he'll face definitely not and
when it looks like this you put it in
the oven and then you leave it there for
I don't know
okay my hopes up smells just like
licorice it ruined and I have no [ __ ]
idea how that happened and this is this
final assault they're warm you're
looking at spongy guys you remember the
songs disappointment well its back oh my
god oh sure it really smells like food
poisoning you know what it's actually
kind of good if you want to make this
mess then there's for my recipe I was
really bothered with measurements but if
you want me to make more of it just like
this then comment down below and I'll
see what I can do and that's it for
today guys give me a big coming down
below if he knows video and I'm going to
see you later my pastry alligator haha
there's no soon as magic