welcome to Days Knicks recipes and DIY
crafts hi everyone
today I'm going to show you how to
upcycle an old broken Welsh dresser it
cost me 70 pounds to buy from a
secondhand shop
here's the Welsh dress I'm upcycling
today it didn't have top drawers and
cupboards on there but it has got bottom
ones which I've taken out here and I'm
going to start taking all the hinges off
and the knobs off ready to take the unit
outside and start sounding I brought the
unit outside ready for sanding I've
taken all the knobs off the drawers and
all the hinges off the door grunts there
and all the hinges off the side here as
well so it's all ready for sanding and
painting I'm going to be using the bosch
it's like a little mouse sander is great
it has interchangeable little sanding
discs here we go as the drawer fronts
again all the knobs off I beep I will be
sanding all of these down basically to
bare wood because the varnish here is
very very brittle it's just all gone
very very brittle and it just all needs
remaining so I remove all that and when
I paint I won't need a primer because
I'll be taking you straight down to it
toward on the top here it's got a nice
good thick shell for the top this will
be going straight down to bare wood and
I will be keeping that plain and waxing
that now when sanding always go and
follow the grain when you sand there we
go I'll be using
probably as this is so brittle the
varnish I'll be probably using an 80
grit
I think the 40 grit will be too too hard
to be honest so our try the 81st and
then go onto the 120 and for the top
that's for all the all the drawer fronts
and all these sides that painted for the
top after I finished with a 120 I'll go
on to I've got one here a 180
I should have somewhere I'll have some
180 somewhere there we go
now also wear gloves a mask as well
because of the dust and also I
protectors I am outside so the dust I've
got good ventilation everywhere so there
we go I'm going to start sounding all of
these pieces down and I'll come back to
you when I finish okay everything's
being sanded now all the cupboard fronts
and the cupboard
I have sanded three times I had to use a
40 grit in the end to start with because
the wood was quite bad and really dinked
and I just had to sort of take quite a
layer off then I went on to the 80 now
I'm on the 120 so when I finished that
and then you've got a little bit left to
do I will start painting but let you
have taken all of the varnish off
completely it's down to bare wood so I'm
going to start painting next I'll come
back to you when I've done a paint layer
ok the paint amazing today is a cupboard
paint I'm using a small roller and a
brush a combination of both so this will
help getting the edges and this will do
on the main body of it and of course
believing the top natural I like using
small rollers as well because they fit
directly into
the team which I think great so I'm
going to paint this
do all the cupboard fronts as well
I'm engineer the insides as well and
this is how it's looking after one coat
I do need to just take off those little
magnet pieces there to finish off the
edges there we go that's how it's
looking
[Music]
use the road is a nice even finish
I will be doing two coats of this as
well there's only love bits no paint
make sure you get those off it does make
a difference a difference difference to
the finish
now I also do and the cupboard doors I'm
now using a combination of my brush for
all of the edges and a foam roller for
the rest and I will also go over with a
foam roller and it gives a nice smooth
finish to the cupboard fronts just show
you an easy way I found of painting the
cupboard fronts
I'm now painting the cupboard fronts I'm
just going to show you the way I do it
which I find is really quite easy I
first use my brush and do the inward
bits here because you need the brush to
get into all the edges first
it's a bit like when you're painting a
larger door when they have these shapes
to them
so make sure you get right into the
edges and don't leave too much paint in
these I do suggest that them you should
go by
then I use the roller and do the main
part of it if you get any bits or any
hairs or anything that you see get those
off as you go along I've also got it
balanced on a box which I find quite
handy because I can just carry the box
to one side for it to dry I've got the
others on the box it's just drying just
go over those edges that you did with
the brush so they look a bit more even
same we will be doing two coats on this
as well here we go and then we do the
outside bit
[Music]
do that then I'll go down the sides just
this area free for a minute because I
wrote it's where I'll hold it besides
and that's how I paint my cupboards I
find that the easiest quickest way then
I can just set that aside to dry and
move on to the next item
everything's still drying from the
second coat and the unit here which now
I am doing is a top so I am literally
waxing what I'm using is this and I'm
just watching the tops I'm literally
just rubbing this back and forth all
into the grain
this is probably the third time I've
done this and I'll just keep going with
it and then buffing it up yes you now
I've put the top back onto the base so
you have to sound it separately I just
didn't have the room I've done exactly
the same as the base I've sanded it all
down and then painted two coats of the
cupboard paint I used a foam roller in
the end and a brush there we go and now
I'm going to put all the handles back on
to the drawers I'm using a 5 millimeter
wood drill to drill the handles back on
I'm using a two different sizes I've got
the large drawers and then the little
right cupboard drawers so these ones I
got off Amazon and they were measured as
35 millimeter white porcelain handles
that's what I've got the small ones the
larger ones I can't actually remember
where I got them from maybe being Q but
they must be a larger size in the 35
millimeter all of those handles done
little section there and now I'm going
to do the bottom cupboards I have lots
of fixtures and fittings to go back on
so I'll be putting these on these are
for the shelves these might images and
then all over little bits and bobs just
to go back in place where the hinges are
and everything else
everything's screwed back in place now
all the handles on and doors on and
drawers in and I'm really really pleased
of how it's come out I'm going to put
six little baskets in the top section
for storage and there you go it's all
done I'm really really pleased with it I
got other pieces of furniture with the
same handles and using the same paint so
it's all matching I've put baskets in
the top part they did used to have
cupboard fronts on there and it has left
behind the hinges I bought it without
the cupboard fronts on so they were
missing so that's why I've put baskets
in there instead so if so when you want
to do the same and leave the cupboard
fronts off you do need to fill the
hinges
I'm using this wood filler in natural I
should have perhaps done this before I
painted so I just sounded a bit of paint
off it and put this on and then I'll
repaint over the area so you won't tell
that there's been hinges on there at all
just to finish that off and smooth it
out I'm also filling the little holes on
the side there where the hinge was using
my child
a few coats on then Sunday over I hope
you've enjoyed my upcycling project if
so give me a thumbs up and subscribe for
more DIYs