hey guys welcome to B's basics I want to
show you a easy way to get your cookies
to be soft or to keep them soft all
you'll need to do is take a piece of
bread and put your cookies in a
Tupperware container and just put your
piece of bread in there with the cookies
just like that nothing special and you
just seal it up and within a few hours
it'll be soft and it'll keep them soft
if the bread gets too hard it soaks up
all the moisture so if the bread gets
too hard then just take it out and put a
new piece of bread in there and it'll
keep your cookie soft we put these in
last night and I just want to show you
how soft they are so they've been
sitting in there overnight and see how
soft that is so it's very very soft and
moist and so I hope that is the tip
helps you and I hope you have a great
day