all right so here we have a hot tub pad
and I have built for a customer this is
what you do now this does a couple
things keeps the hot tub off the ground
rotting the bottom out and this thing
will not Bend I take two by fours screw
them together see that screwed together
that way they don't twist run three
mains down the middle
checkerboard it in and then to level it
you just shim it up I've had to shim it
on this side a little bit and that's it
this way you won't crack your tub if you
put it on patio blocks or even concrete
paths can crack overtime then your tub
is not sitting level and they will Bend
and they will stress crack I find the
simplest way cheapest way it happens to
dip on one side you just Jack it back up
shim it again and away you go
Thanks