hey guys it's a teton welcome back to my
channel today we're making one of my
favorite after-school snacks my buddies
they're known as muddy buddies puppy
chow however you call it it is just
delicious
so to start over here on my stove top I
have a pan with a little bit of water in
it the key to melting chocolate is you
want a little bit of water on a very low
flame with another Bowl on top to create
a double boiler then over here I have
some chocolate chips then we're gonna
add in straight into here and along with
that we're going to add in a little bit
of margarine or butter
now I'm gonna slowly mix this as it
melts and we want to be nice and smooth
and fully melted
all right this is getting nice and
luscious I mean look at that
who doesn't love chocolate I need a
chocolate is just the best now to this
I'm gonna add in a little bit of vanilla
extract for some more flavor into there
and we're gonna go in with a little bit
of peanut butter this is what gives the
muddy bunnies a lot of great flavor now
at the end the peanut butter because
peanut butter and chocolate is just one
of the all-time best combinations and
we're gonna mix this up peanut butter is
going to melt into the chocolate this is
looking great it is fully combined and
we're gonna add this in straight to our
cereal get that all in there mix this up
you want to make sure that your coat all
of the cereal I really want to coat
every last piece of cereal alright that
looks good we have every piece of cereal
coated and would go in there with some
powdered sugar now the trick is you want
to first add a nice amount mix that up
and then we're going to add a second
amount so you mix it up and this is
going to kind of coat the outside of the
cereal one fell but we'll just eat it
all right that's gonna coat the outside
then we're gonna go in there with even
more powdered sugar I mean can you ever
have too much powdered sugar I don't
think you can
after this step you want to pop them
into the freezer for about 15 minutes to
a half an hour you can even do it
overnight that's gonna solidify the
chocolate and personally I like them
better when they're like freezing cold
but you can also eat them right away
which one didn't do now let's get some
here mmm that is seriously an amazing
bite you have the crunchy cereal the
chocolate and peanut butter the inside
coated in the powdered sugar it is one
amazing after-school snack I'll be
eating this every day with my brother
yoni he's gonna be so excited to hear
that I made this if you want to make
this at home you can get the recipe in
the description box below also if you
haven't already be sure to give this
video a like and hit that subscribe
button for tons of more awesome cooking
videos all right I'm gonna go finish
these money buddies