hey cookaholics chef kendra here we are
making blackened fish this is
traditionally a Louisiana dish and it's
usually cooked in a cast-iron skillet
but we're just using a nonstick skillet
today so let's get in the kitchen and
make it happen we're going to start off
by making the blackening spice ready sea
salt to this bowl then with a bit of
sugar and some garlic powder now we have
black pepper cayenne pepper onion powder
cumin and paprika that we're going to
toss in here then we're going to give
this a robust whisk just like so we have
our fish our blackening seasoning and
our oil ready now we're going to season
the fish and then we're going to get our
pan under medium heat and add our oil
now we're just going to spread the oil
out evenly hey guys the link to this
recipe is in the About section below so
is the link to free updates so check
that out so you don't miss a pan
okay we're going to get this way in a
pan and I was in a bit of a rush so I'll
season the other side in the pan now
we're just going to cook both sides
where the fish is done and you're good
to go we're going to remove it to a
cooling rack and that's all there is to
it
share my videos and if you haven't
already subscribed I do appreciate it
and thanks for watching chef Kendra is
out peace