[Music]
you
and my detailing classes I teach
cleaning the wheel and tires before
doing the rest of the body panels and
the reason why is when you've got a
wheel retire this this dirty it's going
to take you five to ten minutes to
properly clean the wheel and the tire
and rinse it and if you clean all four
tires we're talking over a half hour so
if you start at the top and wash your
car and it's all wet while you're doing
the wheels and tires there water could
be drying causing water spots while
you're still doing the wheels and tires
if you drive the car when you come back
and rinse the wheels and tires you get
the body panels wet again so now you got
to dry the car again that means
repeating steps wasting time I like to
take the work smarter and set a harder
approach start with the wheels and tires
first then move to the top of the car
and work your way down now when it comes
to cleaning wheels and tires you have
two things building up on the outside of
your wheels and tires you have brake
dust as you can see here but you also
have oily Road film and the road film
comes from all the cars that drip
transmission fluid motor oil brake fluid
power steering fluid down the middle of
the highway and then when it rains it
mixes with the rain water and start up
on your car lands on the paint lands on
the wheels and tires
now that mixes with the brake dust now
you've got an oily brake dust mixture on
the wheels and on the tires so you've
got a lot going on down here as far as
dirt goes so what I like to show first
is cleaning the rims and the reason why
is because we're going to spray a wheel
cleaner in here agitate it in rinse and
then when we go to the tire while we're
scrubbing the tire there's going to be
cleaners and brake dusts that are going
to be wanting to drip down via gravity
and they're going to pool to these lower
areas and you'll have a second chance to
rinse them so it just makes sense to
start with the wheels then go to the
tires so to do this I'm going to start
out using the uber wheel cleaner now
this is a unique product because it's
got an ingredient here that's going to
seek out metal particles and dissolve
them and you can tell it's working
because when it finds any metallic
particle is going to dissolve it in turn
red we call this the bleeding effect
looks pretty cool but more importantly
it gets your wheels really clean so
let's just start with that
[Music]
now while that's working it's important
to have a couple of different brushes
for getting in and really getting your
rims clean this is a boars hair will
Willie's brush and this is a wheel face
brush and I like this because the
bristles aren't too stiff and they're
not too soft so it works really good
especially if you've got really
expensive wheels with a delicate finish
this is the speed master wheel brush and
what's nice about this is you can flex
this and bend it so you can shape it too
getting behind the spokes and get into
intricate areas it's also available in a
junior size for even tighter areas so
the first thing I want to do is just go
ahead and take my will face brush you
can see this bleeding effect you can see
that the brake dust is being dissolved
off the rim that's just going to make
this a lot easier to clean
[Music]
[Music]
these wills look like they're fairly
neglected and they are in dire need of a
really good cleaning this room is clear
coated there's some areas I can tell
right now that a person might have to go
in and actually do some hand polishing
just like you polish car paint because
these have a clear coat finish much like
your car has okay so that's the will
face brush let me put a little more
cleaner on there and I'll get in there
behind the spokes okay here's the speed
master wheel brush and here's how this
works
you can also use this to get the barrels
of the wheel to
[Music]
this is a really good way to keep your
lip rims looking clean to go the rest of
the car there we go
after you got that thing will scrub then
you want to go ahead and you want to
just go ahead and blast that off okay
much better now let's tackle the tires
later I'm going to show you how to use a
tire coating the benefit to a tire
coating is is it turns the tire black
and it dries to the touch
in fact it won't sling off and if you
ever touch it with say your clothes or a
wash mitt it won't transfer any black to
it because it just it actually becomes a
functional part of the tire and it's one
of my favorite products but the key to
using a tire coating starts with getting
the tires completely clean and a lot of
times your tires will get a brown stain
on them that's called browning or
blooming and what that is is when rubber
manufacturers make a tire they put it
ingredient in there called anti O's
inant and what anti O's in it does is
when you're when you're driving down the
road at speed it works this way it
migrates out of the tire and it keeps
the tire flexible and keeps her from
cracking and dry rotting and but the
problem is is when it meets ozone in the
air it turns brown and we don't like
that Brown looks you got to scrub that
off now this is a tire face brush this
is good for getting in getting over the
entire face of the wheel of the sidewall
and then I've got a low profile brush
for getting in here and getting these
white letters nice and bright again
and a general rule of thumb is you want
to take and you want to scrub this until
no more Brown comes off and that way
you'll know they're clean enough to
actually put the coating on because the
coating needs a very clean surface to
bond to and this is the low profile tire
brush and this works really good for any
kind of white lettering also getting
into the saiping the grooves on the side
of the tire tire sidewall there
[Music]
okay after you taking ya agitate that
then go ahead and blast it and while
I've been cleaning the tire of course a
lot of the residues the cleaning agents
have been through gravity pooling down
here this is my second chance to rinse
the wheels again
[Music]
[Music]
then when you're happy with how clean
your wheels and tires are you can go
ahead and dry it using a microfiber
towel or if you've got the Maki's 37
turbo car dryer comes in real handy for
grinding tire
[Music]
[Music]
and then simply repeat that to the other
four wheels and tires and after you're
done with the wheels and tires that's
when you'd start washing the body the
vehicle starting at the top working your
way down
[Music]