hi there I have created this video as an
option for some of you who may have
experienced the same problems I have I
live in the country and my water source
is a well of thermal water which is very
high in mineral content over the years
there's been buildup in my shower on the
blue tiles that I have so the blue
obviously shows up the minerals the salt
and the minerals I've tried everything
that I know of and done searches on
YouTube for ways to clean this residue
and have had no positive results
I've tried CLR I've tried the
combinations of lemon vinegar baking
soda
scrubbing rubbing letting it sit I got
to the point where I was actually
thinking of having all the tile removed
and replaced and yesterday I just
decided as I was throwing away a razor
blade to replace it with a new one I
thought well let me try this and
strangely enough it works perfectly but
it's very labor-intensive so if someone
has a better solution that they think
will work and I'm telling you I've tried
everything that I know of then please
leave me al
a message below so I'll take you into
the shower and show you exactly the
process that I use as I said it's labor
intensive but after all these years it's
the first method I found that will
successfully take care of the problem
thanks for watching so here as you can
see is an area that I started cleaning
and this is what the whole inside of the
shower stall looks like and I'll be
showing you that from further offing
that here's the razor blade I hold it
about a 20 degree angle carefully I'm
sure you could put tape on one hand and
I'll just show you that it's just a
matter of taking your time and you have
to be careful you don't scratch it as
you could scratch you can see some of
this coming off already now as I said
this is labor-intensive but not as
labor-intensive as replacing the entire
tile
I also have a face guard because there's
a lot of fine white mineral dust
floating around so you can see here just
taking your time going over all the
areas and as I said earlier I've tried
everything on this but this is really
heavy buildup and no amount of CL art or
other than other liquids has been able
to take this off so this is going to
take me some time I'm going to show you
right now all the inside of the shower
stall so you can see but you're seeing
the difference here between the two I've
done one area there as you can see and
right next to it an area where I haven't
that's inside of the shower so razor
blade around 20 degree angle
scraping protecting your face and then
wiping off all the dust
good luck