[Music]
hi folks it's evil here from Thundermist
Lure Company and as you know if I'm not
out on the water fishing you might find
me cooking the catch and today folks I'm
going to do exactly that I'd like to
share with you a recipe and show you how
easy it is to blacken fish and
blackening fish folks is absolutely
delicious even for those of you who
don't like fish I guarantee you you'll
like black and fish let's take a look at
how it's done
so for starter folks the first thing you
need is a cast iron pan very simple and
as you can see here I have a cast iron
pan and it's sitting on my side burner
here getting nice and hot it's been on
that burner for about 15 minutes now and
what you do is you take that cast iron
pan Which is bone dry no oil in it or
anything and just put it on the heat and
let it get good and hot it can't be too
hot 10 15 20 minutes not a problem once
it's good and hot you're ready to go and
that's where at now folks and I'll show
you how simple this recipe is so all we
have here folks I've got some melted
butter that I melted just moments ago
and I have some bass fillets here and
quite simply all you do is take your
bass
fillets and dip them in the melted
butter both
sides coat it in the
butter so once they're dipped in butter
folks all you do is take your favorite
cajun spice and sprinkle a little Cajun
spice on the more Cajun you put on on
the hotter it's going to be the less you
put on the less heat you're going to get
so put as much on depending on how you
like to taste your fish now if you don't
like it spicy uh instead of a um cajun
spice use a paprika and just sprinkle
some paprika on there works just as
well so what we do now folks we just
simply take these fillets that are
coated in that cajun
spice and drop them in the pan just like
so
and if you see all the smoke coming up
there that's why you want to do this
Outdoors you don't want to attempt to do
this in the house because you'll also
get all Smoky and as you can see folks
we got a lot of smoke happening here so
chances are better to do this out
Outdoors than you are indoors or you'll
set off smoke alarms now this cast iron
pan is so hot it's actually lifting
those fillets up off of the off the
surface so there's no worries about
sticking and besides with that butter on
there you've got no risk at all for
sticking you can see here all the color
starting to change it's starting to get
uh a different white here on the outside
but that's smoking up real nicely these
fillets are of average thickness maybe
about a/ an inch so all you do is leave
it for about 1 to 2 minutes on each side
you flip them once and they're done they
come out nice and blackened the color is
beautiful and the taste is just
phenomenal okay so we just finished
flipping those folks it's been about 2
minutes we're going to give it another
two minutes on this side and they'll be
absolutely perfect you can see how
they're blackening there and they're
starting to cook up very very nicely
it's been about another 2
minutes take these guys
off just like
that there we go
folks blackened sea
bass absolutely delicious blackened a
little bit of lemon squeeze a little
lemon on there folks and it'll be
absolutely
delicious so all you need folks is a
little bit of butter cast iron frying
pan some cajun spice or paprika if you
don't like spicy foods a little bit of
lemon and you're good to go so until
next time folks as always good luck good
fishing and Bon of
[Music]
petitte one last thing folks don't
forget to subscribe to our videos by
clicking on the button most likely found
right over here as we have a lot more
fish catching action coming your way and
if you haven't yet be sure to check out
our website at Thundermist fishing
tips.com as we have a lot more articles
there and fish catching advice for you
so until next time good luck and good
fishing
[Music]