hi I'm sue and I'm in West Jordan Utah
and we're going to talk today about
getting stains out of jeans often you
crawl around on the jeans and you get a
grass stain and one of the easiest way
you can lay them down and take some
water and just kind of blot it blot it
up with some clear water and then take
some rubbing alcohol in some water mix
it about Oh three to one because you
don't want too much of the rubbing
alcohol and spread that all over the
stain and then let it sit and soak in
for maybe about an hour and then go
ahead and launder it as usual one thing
after you could do after that is that
that doesn't work you can also try using
just a a pretreatment stain removal
spray it really good and let it soak for
an additional hour and at last resort
I'd probably try some hydrogen peroxide
because it'd be better than you know not
being able to wear the clothing without
the stain