everybody welcome back here we have the
Portland pressure washer from Harbor
Freight initially went in to get the
other one the blue one but they said
they're discontinuing it not going to
carry it anymore
so opted for this there is a 25% off
coupon so it's pretty cheap over the
blue one can't remember the name of it
I'll add it in the deal but it's 100
more psi and it have this one has a 20
foot cable whereas the other one I think
is 12 or 13 feet or something like that
so we've got those going for it it does
have the soap dispenser as well the
other one does a couple things on the
top adjustable spray nozzle variable
spray pattern on board storage for the
cord the 20-foot cable there's some more
pictures for you stickers over the soap
dispenser here's some more of the specs
if you're interested the power cord is
35 feet long 1.3 panels per minute we'll
open it up and see how she comes in the
box just got this today looks like a
little tip cleaner some sort and the
manual will kiss that later see how
everything is packaged in there there's
your little soap dispenser how that
works you see me through oh there you go
it's a half twist aux-in that's awesome
there's a plastic part start throwing
pieces here's the 20 foot cable and see
the ends that are on that
put the nozzle spray Gandhi looks like
the lock or equal walk it on like a pill
so you lock in the line that looks like
in there like it's adjustable I see when
you turn this outside you have closes
down cool the top handle
and down in here there's a few screws
got this mainly use around the house
pressure wash on sidewalks to our cars
stuff like that I got four-wheelers
close those off going to be building an
engine soon I'll hold the grease off of
that off have a protector on it cap
actually wet or something come in there
on the back here's your hose inlet set
cool wheels on us so yeah we'll get it
put together and we'll be right back
okay well there's the basics for that
here is some of the manual excuse the
phone so kinda hook stuff in that kind
of stuff warnings
tips on cleaning wood and other things
care and maintenance storage
troubleshooting
okay for you
all right so this I'm doing wrong now
goes in this way in terms okay now we
got the same deal half twist pull out
same gig here push it in and turn okay
got that then your hose in here let's
simply go on to the side
- that's done
and this one will just push into there
and lock in like that now we just need
some water and power we'll be back
okay add the water but you're going to
want to shoot pull the scissors make
sure you got solid water coming out here
you don't want any air bubbles in there
to cavitate the pump make that go bad
power interesting
[Music]
let's play it a little bit figure it out
I'll be back
alright so this nozzle is either one or
the other it locks in there for that
that wide spray or that way for the hard
beam so we'll lock it into the wide
spray show you how that works
cover here on my travel trailer is
pretty dirty so see it gets the green up
got a hold pretty close
[Music]
will work great
this is no soap or anything right
Oh
Oh
cool and see one side done one side not
now we'll turn it the other way now
we're going to turn it for the big
stream and show you how
all right good for small spots but not
so much for doing big areas so I'm going
to turn it back to the flat one alright
I got the rest of the front of the
tongue of the trailer cleaned off work
great for that so far pretty happy so I
have this board laying down for a while
I hope you guys can see it right this
section right here is the natural what
it is the section from this line here
this way is what I used on the low
pressure fan and then over here you can
see the squirrel ease and other stuff
from where's the mark for you guys here
right around here this way I just use
the high pressure beam whatever you want
to call it a pintle spray you can see it
can hold it closed you can really dig in
so I haven't found a whole lot of uses
for that pencil spray other than
probably if you're farther back you can
get a little more range on it but
anyways yeah there it is super happy
with it so far time will tell like
comment subscribe and everybody in
closing pretty happy with it works
pretty well
probably my complaint is going to be no
this doesn't log say have a wing or
something I might figure out a way to
maybe make it lock halfway because there
needs to be something in between the
pencil beam and the wide low-pressure
beam and then the little soap dispenser
just sticks right in there and twist and
stace so that's great
alright smash like button
you