[Music]
hey guys what's up today I have a really
simple but delicious recipe it is way
better this so if you want to see that
recipe stick around don't forget to hit
like and subscribe and well let's get
right to it
you're going to need chicken cilantro
and onion two to three cheer Serrano's 5
to 6 tomatillos and one chili poblano
and don't forget the star harmony
the first step is to cook your chicken
you can use any part of the chicken that
you want you can even throw in a whole
chicken I'm gonna add an onion in here a
garlic and I'm going to add some salt so
I'm going to let that cook completely as
long as it takes to cook your chicken I
think I'm going to leave mine between 45
minutes to an hour until the chicken is
pretty much done okay so while the
chicken cooks you're going to need about
1 to 5 to 6 thumb up to use cheetah's
and i know i'm going to add two because
i want a little kick in mind you're
going to take one garlic clove you're
going to use about quarter of an onion
[Music]
I do not want the seeds in there so I'm
going to go ahead and take that out and
the stem
[Music]
pretty much ready and I'm going to go
ahead and just add the sauce
[Music]
now I'm going to let that cook for
another 15-20 minutes and while I
prepare the corn this is a six ounce can
of hominy I'm going to use about half of
this can and blend it alright as you can
see this has come to a boil and it's
been cooking together for about 15
minutes and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go ahead and add the rest of my
hominy in here just be careful not to
splash yourself because it burns this
trick my abuela showed me to make the
broth a little thicker that you don't
want your broth to be really runny well
actually it's personal preference so
this is when I add the pureed corn or
hominy I'm going to add a little more
salt because I know it's going to need
it after adding the chena sauce once it
boils again together then check for
seasoning if you feel like it needs more
salt then go ahead and add that on there
this is a really simple and easy recipe
it doesn't require a lot of ingredients
just the way we like to actually make
our recipes both the Willa and myself
really enjoy using very little
ingredients
[Music]
you
[Music]
so the lighting is a little weird
nevertheless the plate looks amazing
don't forget if you want to add some you
know cabbage you can just personal
preference of course after all my
garnishes I need a thought see ya ooh
nicely roll look at that and of course
some lemon I can already imagine mmm
yeah
perfection guys hope you try this recipe
out if you like this don't forget to hit
like and subscribe and we'll see you
guys next time bye