good afternoon to all my coffee drinkers
and tumblr users as the title of the
video suggests we are going over my top
five tips for tumblr use and care
includes your double walled
stainless-steel bottles whether it's
from arctic or an Ozark or even a Yeti
version and also if we get into the
tumblers as well whether it's a Yeti or
an off-brand one that you pick up on
Amazon or even an Arctic or even a giant
those are trails which I'll put next to
the Yeti there so yeah for best methods
for keeping these clean and functioning
properly let's dive into it okay so my
first recommendation when it comes to
washing out either your your bottles
your tumblers always wash with a sponge
brush or a sponge itself just for
aesthetic purposes to keep the outside
looking good and then if you're into
inside of your cup is a nice well coated
stainless steel you don't want to wear
that down and stain the inside don't use
a green pad so always stay away from
green pads and on the outside stay away
from the green pad sponge brushes now
for interior use like on my Getty here
for example pop this one apart on my
Yeti for example you can't tell - well
because of some of the lighting at the
moment but this one has stained on the
inside towards the bottom I think a big
part of that is due to the older yetis
here they're coating on the inside was
not as good so I actually have coffee
stain inch on this so I don't mind using
a sponge brush or a green pad sponge
brush on the inside no problem with this
one but with most of my other cups yeah
I don't even bother about doing so so
always always always hand wash
whether you want a hand wash with cold
or hot water and then place on your
drying rack or even a towel upside down
to let them dry out completely a lot of
these newer bottles and possibly even
the tumblers are saying they are
dishwasher safe on the top rack don't do
it if you want to keep your tumbler from
the seal inside and stuff getting
through pass these seals
I wouldn't recommend doing it I prefer
just hand washing sure it takes a little
more time but it will preserve the
longevity and the life of your tumbler
whether you spend eight dollars or
whether you spend thirty or almost forty
bucks if you want it to last forever
take good care of it do things the right
way the first time
tip number three when you're making your
coffee in the morning while your coffee
is being brewed whether you're putting
it in a tumbler or into a thermos or
something else
make sure you pre-heat your tumbler I
found that it actually does work a lot
of people have recommended if you're
using a feminist to pre warm it up not
put it in the microwave but actually
putting in hot tap water just to let
that soak through and start to heat the
internals of your tumbler footsore less
and that actually works and I say do the
same method when it comes to keeping
things cold going ahead and cool it down
with cold water do not put these in the
refrigerator but go ahead and cool it
down to cold water and that will help
your longevity of your beverage stay
hotter or colder longer tip number four
never refrigerate your tumblers or even
freeze them because that can lead to
your I your drinks icing over and
becoming blocks and I hope people are
smart enough but just edited in there
just in case
don't ever microwave these suckers even
if it is a coated outside but a
stainless steel inside don't do it and
my final tip for your tumblers is find
yourself good handles to carry these on
with making it easier for you to hold
these when your hands are cool or also
find yourself a good sliding lid or a
lid that goes up and over as you can see
both these are my sliders I do have my
full seal lid that flips over and locks
it down in place but my wife took that
one on her cup today so I can't show
that off so having a lid that can help
you keep from splashing either its
splash proof or splash resistant or even
the spill proof such as the locking one
that I've showed in previous videos that
can help greatly from keeping you from
having a mess in your car or at your
desk so at the end of this video
hopefully that helps for people that are
getting in
to these that might just think you can
do what you would with a regular cup if
you guys have any comments or questions
please leave them in the comment section
down below