[Music]
hi guys so today I want to show you how
you can make these yummy delicious vegan
pancakes so today I actually tried
something new and I made chocolate ones
you can change up the recipe however you
like but basically in the ones that I'm
showing you in this video you only need
three ingredients there're super yummy
super delicious healthy and the perfect
breakfast for a lazy new vegan like
me I hope you like this video I hope you
try out the pancakes and if you do take
a picture love to see your Recreations
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
to always be up to date and let's go and
jump right into the video I hope you
like it and I'm going to enjoy these
pancakes now cuz I'm freaking hungry
[Music]
starting off with our first ingredient
the oats we just pour half a cup of
oats and I'm using this bowl you should
definitely use a high Bowl if you're
using a blend blender stick like that
like me I like to work with a blender
stick but it's just a little messy if
you use a bowl like that so I'd
recommend you using a high Bowl um yeah
and just gramming the oats with the
blender stick into a kind of oat flour
texture I don't know
[Music]
yeah well it should look like this and
then we can move on with our next
ingredient ingent which is the milk I'm
using vanilla almond milk it's my
favorite I'm sorry vanilla s milk but I
love almond milk as well you can use of
course whatever vegan milk you like we
just pour that into the bowl and mix it
all up mix it all
[Music]
together so now we're working with our
magical ingredient which is a banana we
just put the whole banana in there and
we blend it all together it's important
that you use a ripe banana you can tell
when a banana is ripe when it has those
brown dots all over no they're not bad
they're ripe and it's important to use a
ripe banana because green bananas and
bananas that are not ripe are going to
give you a tummy egg so listen to me
those bananas are perfect they're ripe
and yeah as I said steer it all up and
we're actually done these were our our
three ingredients you can add specials
I'm adding some cinnamon to my dough I
love cinnamon you can add brown sugar as
I show you here some cacao of course
make sure it's vegan coconut flakes
peanut butter whatever you have there
whatever you like blend it all together
and our pancake better is done next make
sure you heat up your pan and you can
use some coconut oil like I do or you
just use a non-stick pan which works
totally fine and actually a a little
healthier and now we come to the actual
cooking part I'm just trying to make my
pancakes look equal I'm making miniature
pancakes this time three um circles yeah
and when you see those bubbles on your
pancakes it means they're ready to flip
and I'm not really good at flipping
pancakes honestly as you can see
now don't judge me I'm just the beginner
well
[Music]
yeah here I'm showing you once again how
I make my pancakes and honestly it's a
little hard in the beginning but once
you get the hang of it it's pretty easy
and yeah it's actually kind of fun if
you put some music on and and you
Snapchat in between by the way follow me
on Snapchat I Snapchat every single day
and lots of times I even Snapchat my
food so we should totally do that and
yeah this is how the pancakes came out I
got like six to eight miniature pancakes
out of this batter and it really makes
you full this is how they look I love
them and they taste amazing and yeah you
can add whatever you like I love to add
a banana and some syrup I love to add
maple syrup which is vegan of course and
I also love to add some coconut flakes
on top but you can add whatever you want
from the toppings be creative put
berries make a berry serbet kind of
thing like do whatever you love make a
chocolate sauce or whatever like you can
really be creative and make some super
yummy delicious breakfast here and yeah
I hope you try these pancakes out and
let me know how you like
[Music]
him so I hope you guys like this video
if you did give it a big big thumbs up
and if you want to see more recipes that
are vegan and healthy or maybe what I
eat in a day food diary kind of thing
let me down in the comments below yeah I
hope you guys have a great day don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it and also follow me on my
social media where I also post mostly on
Snapchat what I eat and yeah
[Music]