all right so we're gonna modify this
deck where it has a little pull out so
when we head the tub in here the talks I
can be on that side we're gonna modify
it back here so the tough could push
back that way some more okay so what
we're gonna do here is we're gonna cut
this out right here and what he's doing
is he's made a mark here where we're
gonna split this we're gonna go four
boards but first he's doing the other
side he's gonna make a mark cut two
boards that he's gonna go ahead and put
up under here on the bottom side so he
can cut it once he cuts it it'll still
stay there and then he can do all of his
other cuts so these two boards were not
going to cut because they're so close to
the edge we're just gonna pull the
screws out cut these two so he's sawing
into the header board before he nails
this up here because if you don't this
the the board that he's nailing to hold
it all up will be in the way so they
went ahead and saw this Center you see
it's just sitting there so it cut these
two those two is leaving these screws
we'll pull out
the same thing over here we're not going
to cut this one we'll have to get these
nails out so what he did here was the
joists that are holding it the other way
when it's in between the two boards and
cut them off
it's like that and so it's going to make
them a part that will come apart here
he's going to cut the bottom so it's
cutting two by six off and the two by
six will go back there across the back
and that he'll go ahead and put it in
that way when he cuts this thing loose
it'll stay in place all right this board
in in-between the cut so it'll be half
way so it'll hold the back of it he can
finish cutting the boards in two and
then it'll just sit there going anywhere
so we couldn't get the screws out of the
I ran down there
pull the board's up to get it out
focus okay so now he's gonna pull it out
in there yeah yeah it needs to be there
it is lace Jim so you can see now that
what we got is is here here there cut
cut cut cut cut the front and just make
sure it's all hooked back together give
you a little knee brace there and we'll
nail a four by four under that to give
it some extra strength and that's how
you do it
roughly brace here brace here brace
there it is ready for the tub we got it
right there with fixing to slide it in
here all right so we got the tub in and
we're getting ready to put the trapdoor
back in I'll show you a finished product
right now finished product