hey this is an Evinrude iske we're here
with season 12 filming some amazing
awesome recipes to teach you how to cook
anything you want and share some of
these things on the disc and grill and
today we're actually showing out an
all-time favorite some treat each other
once so I hope you enjoy this don't go
away
so check it out and love it
so here by popular request here we've
shown this before we're going to show
another Gotham recipe we got the party
going on behind us everybody's asking
for some chicharones home what street
I'll run is I'm going to show you right
now so here all we're going to do is
we're going to break this thing out with
some some pork fat basically and the
pork fat can be cut and prepared by the
butcher however you want some people
like a 90/10 or 80/20 depend on the fat
here and some people have a cut up a
little bit more it's all preference
these are pretty big size here we want
to have word you have plenty of fat on
the meat because you actually cook that
in there now I do things a little bit
different than a lot of people eat each
other one I actually have someone pick
all which is fat already cooking in the
disc and it's super super hot so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to actually
add a little bit of salt to my to my
Manteca and I'm going to add some pepper
and then as I get everything going with
my My Children which is the pork fat I'm
going to actually add some green chili
rub and then towards the end we're gonna
actually use some evaporated milk so
this this is going to take a little bit
of time what I like to do and you'll see
this is we're going to start on super
high heat we're going to crisp the
outside and then we're going to slow it
down a little bit so showing that real
quick and I'm gonna add a little bit of
time we'll come back as it goes there
you are where's my beer there you're
supposed to give me a go sekiz what
we're making so stupid ask me for teach
other one all day long okay
it is it is so adding about that's a lot
a lot of teacher so what I'm going to do
again it gets tip it over you hear that
season sizzling this is super super high
heat we're going to let it sit there and
get cooked up for about five or six
minutes we're stirred up once we get the
other side nice and Chris we're going to
turn it down and then then let the
inside cook so we let that go up a
little bit come back
oh yeah so here I've got the Cheetah Run
it's been cooking for about I don't know
probably close to fifteen minutes here
this we got some good all good stew
check it out yeah everybody come over
here look come here
check out Nevins got these things done
what's been 20 sheets everyone so
Stewart stew is asking here how do we do
it so I'm going on full high heat for
about I'm at about 15 minutes so far
what I actually did was I started come
on think I've got it nice and hot then I
put that each other on in here and now
before I actually turn it down because I
want the outside nice and crispy uh-huh
so one of my tricks I have here while
it's still hot I'm gonna actually use
some evaporated milk and I'm going to
pour this right in your watching what's
the river
towards the end but then I'm going to
turn the temperature down that's going
to help keep this nice and crispy
alright the other thing that I'm going
to do is I'm going to add a some kind of
green chili lbq use red chili rubs or
other stuff too but this is going to
help it keep it crispy so you're asking
earlier about you know how we're going
to do it or whatever there's kind of my
chicken it keeps it crispy
it makes the cheeto go nice and crispy
so now that I got this in here I want to
cook that real high and then I'm going
to turn it down and I'm going to let it
finish so what this going to do is it
should give me a nice crisp eat each
other on the outside and a soft chewy
Center not to you know chewy we're gonna
have to work at it whatever almost
melt-in-your-mouth type of deal so this
is the New Mexican candy that we were
talking about so here now see I turned
it down see how fast it cool down after
a lead that evaporated milk and I turn
the disc and burn it down right away so
now I'm gonna add some green chili rub I
wish I had more love this yeah yeah get
over here come here let me show you what
Evan just did come here this is my giant
friend Aaron cheated on us so he I'm
taking each other on earth he was giving
you an hour ago but he said I'm not
leaving till I try these so take this
the green chili rub I'm going to have
plenty of that in there turn it down
I'm gonna cook for probably another five
or six minutes and then five or six
minutes or for a bottle tease one beer
so here Cheech on one on the diskant
we're gonna probably mix this up with a
little bit of red chili and some
tortillas whatever but so here we are
this was probably about 25 minutes I
told you 20 earlier somewhat liar you're
still two hours in yeah so I got that
cheeto runs in there again I put up with
a green chili rub you did mm-hmm
listen how we're going to try this here
got the chicharr√≥n in the disc it mmm
nice and crispy on the outside soft on
the inside
cooking outdoors has never been better
just
you