this is a quick video on how I solved a
problem with my Admiral top load washing
machine we've had this machine for about
five years and it's been pretty reliable
but one day the cycle wouldn't complete
and whenever we open the lid it was just
a bunch of clothes floating around in a
pool of water I messed around with it
for a while but no matter what I did I
couldn't get the water to drain out so I
eventually just had to pump it all out
with a wet/dry vac I'm gonna skip to the
fun part here I already disconnected the
drain line the power cord and the cold
and hot supply lines
I also wheeled it out somewhere where I
can work on it since there's no way to
access the internals of this machine
without taking the panel off the back
there's nine screws that you have to
remove to get the back panel off I use
my drill for this but if all you have is
a Phillips head screwdriver that will
also work the drain hose kind of clips
on in the metal here so you just have to
poke it through to free up the plate and
with the back of the machine opened up
you can see where the pump is down here
since the water wasn't draining that's
where I decided to start the pump is
held on by three screws here here and
here I use the socket set to remove
those three screws and then the pump
comes loose from the drum it was pretty
obvious from the beginning that
something didn't look right but just in
case this was a filter or something
weird I decided to go ahead and take the
whole pump off the last thing holding
the pump to the washer was the power
cord there's a little plastic shroud
that you have to remove to unplug the
cord to do that I just kind of prayed
these clips up and then it snaps loose
and then the power cord just pops right
out and sure enough something wasn't
right the mushy little black piece of
fabric turned out to be one of my wife's
socks that had gone missing and I
haven't ruled out the possibility that
this was an attempt on my wife's part to
assassinate this machine maybe she
thought I would just want to buy a new
one and it would be a waste of my time
to try to fix this one and to that I say
that's impossible because my time is
worthless with the sock removed I just
confirmed that the impeller was able to
spin freely and reconnected the power
cord for the pump and then put the three
screws that hold the pump to the drum
back in place I wanted to test it out
before wheeling it back inside so I set
up a little makeshift laundry room in my
patio here I used to trashcan for the
drain water
and connected my hose to the cold supply
line connected the drain line and
finally the power and then I set it up
for a test run with a small load sighs
in cold water and an empty drum with no
clothes inside I also put some paper up
underneath of the pump to give me a
heads up if there was any water leaking
out I went ahead and took a break and
let it run for a while and when I came
back it was just finishing the final
spin cycle you can see here that it was
kachunk kachunk along and pumping the
water up with no problem so I'm pretty
sure I got it fixed and after it was
totally finished she gave me the cycle
complete light on the front as well as a
dry drum and a dry piece of paper
showing there were no leaks so that's
pretty much all there is to it at this
point I went ahead and retired my back
porch redneck makeshift laundry room and
put all the screws back in place to hold
the back panel on after putting it back
together and getting it set up in the
laundry room we've ran about three loads
of laundry through it so far we've had
no problems so it looks like the sock
was the root cause of all of this
hopefully this is helpful if somebody
else out there has one of these admiral
washers and encounters the same problem
hit the like button if this video is
helpful and thanks for watching