[Music]
hey what's up everybody I'm Jia Li and
today I'm gonna be showing you how to
make my delicious homemade coconut cake
from scratch this recipe calls for about
15 individual servings of coconut cake
and it is absolutely delicious so
without further ado let's get started
shall we okay this is our what you're
gonna need to make your coconut cake and
we're gonna get started with our
ingredients you will need some swans
down cake flour now if you don't have
that you can use all-purpose flour if
you like you will also need some sugar
baking powder salt 2 pounds of unsalted
butter at room temperature 7 large eggs
at room temperature
whole milk at room temperature 8 ounces
of sour cream at room temperature you
will also need some vanilla extract now
this is optional if you like you can use
some butter extract and I'm an extract
you also need some confectioner sugar 14
ounces of sweetened coconut and some
cream it's harder to bake your coconut
cake you need some Baker's Joy non-stick
baking spray and along with that you're
going to need two 9-inch round baking
pans for the rest of your tools you will
need a piping bag with the tip cut off
now I normally use this as part of for
my cake okay and along with that you're
going to need a cake setter
and there we have it okay here I have my
flour sifter in a large bowl at two and
a half cups of cake flour now if you
don't have this you can use all-purpose
flour if you like you also will add two
teaspoons of baking powder and 1/4
teaspoon of salt sift all the
ingredients into a large bowl
[Music]
give this a quick stir okay in the state
mixer with the paddle attachment add two
sticks of unsalted butter at room
temperature and to that we're going to
add two cups of sugar start the mixer on
a moving low speed just to get that
butter and sugar incorporated
then you're going to turn your mixer up
to the highest setting and you're going
to mix it for
now at some point during those four
minutes you're gonna stop your mixer and
scrape down the sides of your bowl and
you're going to continue mixing area
[Music]
scrape down the sides of your bowl now
we're going to add three eggs in one at
a time start your mixer on eight
medium-low speed and add the eggs in
scrape down the sides of your mixing
bowl in a separate bowl add 2/3 cup of
whole milk at room temperature 2/3 cup
of sour cream at room temperature 2
teaspoons of vanilla extract optional 2
teaspoons of butter extract and 1/4
teaspoon of almond extract whisk all
your ingredients together now we're
going to alternate our milk and sour
cream mixture with our cake flour
mixture add 1 cup of your cake flour
mixture and 1/2 a cup of your milk sour
cream mixture mix on a medium speed
until combined
add one cup of your cake flour mixture
and a half a cup of your milk and sour
cream mixture mix on a medium speed
until combined
add a half a cup of your cake flour
mixture and 1/3 cup of your milk and
sour cream mixture mix on a medium speed
until combined
and our white cake batter is now ready
spray two of your 9-inch round baking
pans with non-stick baking spray treat
your oven to 325 degrees add your
prepared white cake batter into your
prepared 9-inch round baking pans and do
this as evenly as possible using a back
of a spoon spread the cake batter around
each pan as evenly as possible to make
the batter more even shake your pans
slightly also give them a tap on the
table as well now they are ready to be
baked place into a preheated 325 degree
oven bake for 35 minutes
remove your white cake out of the oven
after baking on 325 degrees for 35
minutes toothpick inserted into each
layer cake should come out clean let the
cake cool completely medium high
to make the simple syrup add a half a
cup of water and a half a cup of sugar
give this a quick stir let this come to
a simmer first then let it simmer for
four minutes or until the mixture
resembles a syrupy texture spend about
four minutes now and our mixture
resembles a syrupy light texture turn
your fire off now let's add some
flavoring add a half a teaspoon of
vanilla extract now this next ingredient
is optional you can add a half a
teaspoon of coconut extract add 1/4
teaspoon of almond extract there all
your ingredients together let the syrup
cool completely now we're going to use
this syrup to brush onto our cake layers
later now let's begin the process of
making our frosting
first separate four egg whites from four
egg yolks you're going to place the egg
whites into one bowl and you're going to
take the egg yolk and place it into a
separate bowl now here we have our egg
whites and here is our egg yolks now you
can take this and make my delicious
homemade vanilla ice cream or butter
pecan ice cream or you can take this and
make a vanilla custard to make my banana
pudding
here we have two cups of water into a
small pot let this come to a simmer our
water is at a simmer now add a small
metal bowl on top of the pot make sure
it fits and you're also going to need a
rubber spatula and a thermometer as
we're going to make a meringue add your
four egg whites and one cup of sugar
take your spatula and stir all your
ingredients together you're going to
continue to stir this for two minutes or
until the temperature of the egg whites
reaches 120 degrees it's been about two
minutes now we're going to insert our
thermometer and it is a little bit past
120 degrees but that's okay turn your
fire off remove the metal bowl off at
the top of the pot and place it onto a
damp dish towel give this a quick stir
add one teaspoon of cream of tartar two
teaspoons of vanilla extract optional
one teaspoon of butter extract this next
ingredient is also optional 1/2 a
teaspoon of coconut extract if you like
and 1/4 teaspoon of almond extract stir
all the ingredients together
let this cool completely in a stand
mixer with the whisk attachment add your
egg white mixture make sure your egg
white mixture has cooled completely
before you proceed to make your meringue
mix on high speed for 4 minutes or until
the meringue reaches stiff peak
and after four minutes our meringue has
reached stiff peaks and this is exactly
what you're looking for here now before
we begin to make the buttercream here we
have a stick of butter it is slightly
soft and at room temperature but it's
still firm and this is exactly what you
want okay in a stand mixer with the
paddle attachment add one stick of
unsalted butter at room temperature and
one cup of confectioner's sugar mix on a
medium speed until combined
scrape down the sides of your mixing
bowl add one stick of unsalted butter at
room temperature and one cup of
confectioner's sugar mix all ingredients
on a medium speed until combined
scrape down the sides of your bowl add
one stick of unsalted butter at room
temperature and one cup of
confectioner's sugar mix on a medium
speed until combined
[Music]
scrape down the sides of a mixing bowl
add one stick of unsalted butter at room
temperature and one cup of
confectioner's sugar mix all ingredients
on a am speed until combined
scrape down the sides of your mixing
bowl now we're going to turn our mixer
up to the highest setting and we're
going to mix this on high speed or until
the frosting thicken
and our frosting is now done now as you
can see that frosting is nice and thick
this is exactly what we're looking for
okay now if you have a issue with your
frosting of being a little too runny
that can be fixed very simple you can
either add another stick of unsalted
butter at room temperature or you can
take this and place this into your
freezer but 15 minutes after 15 minutes
remove this from your freezer return it
to your mixer and mix for 4 minutes
until it thickens now here we have our
cake layer we're going to take a knife
and we're just going to cut along the
top of the cake layer now we're removing
the dome this is going to make the cake
level okay now we're going to remove the
dome off at the top of the cake and
place that into a separate Bowl now you
can take that and make cake pops or
whatever you want to do okay now we're
going to take a fork and we're going to
poke holes onto the top of each cake
layer here we have our simple syrup with
a pastry brush you're going to brush the
simple syrup on top of each cake layer
and this will help keep each cake layer
moist in a large bowl we're going to add
three cups of our Swiss buttercream and
one cup of our sweetened coconut give
this a quick stir
and we're going to use this to fill our
cake okay this is going to be our cake
filling now we're going to take this
filling and place it into our disposable
piping bag and make sure that tip of the
piping bag is cut off and we're going to
pipe the buttercream frosting onto the
bottom layer of cake
just add it all on there now we're going
to take a spatula and we're just going
to spread that around as evenly as
possible add the second layer of cake on
top we're going to add a small amount of
our Swiss buttercream frosting onto the
top and onto the sides of our cake and
this is what you call a crumb coat this
will prevent the crumbs from getting
onto the final coat of your cake now
you're going to take this and place this
into your freezer or refrigerator for
about 30 minutes add four and a half
cups of your Swiss buttercream frosting
on top of your cake using a spatula
spread the frosting around the top of
your cake as evenly as possible now in
the cake frosting reaches the sides it
will freefall which you will use to
frost the sides of the cake once done
take your spatula and just smoothing out
the top and the sides of your cake as
evenly as possible now we're going to
take the entire 14 ounce bag of flake
coconut first we're going to sprinkle
coconut on the top portion of the cake
now you're going to take a handful of
the coconut and place it on to the sides
of your cake and do this as evenly as
possible
now for the final step you're gonna take
your hands make sure to clean and press
down onto the top and sides of your cake
now note the frosting should not stick
to your hands or anything and our cake
is done here is the final presentation
and there you have it homemade coconut
cake made from scratch if you like my
channel hit the subscribe button hit the
bell button if you want to be notified
of my videos you can also check out this
recipe along with all of my other
recipes as well as contact me or donate
to the channel visit w-w-w andrew's calm
you can also like follow or contact me
on facebook and on instagram under name
charlie the code andrews stay tuned as
charlie's taste test is coming up next
now it's time the charlie's taste this
not coconut cake
[Music]
man the cake is so moist
has a nice coconut flavor I mean it is
absolutely delicious
hmm that icing just brings out all the
flavors I mean it is so good I'm telling
y'all to try the recipe and that's it I
hope you all enjoyed the video so until
next time take care and I hope you all
have a blessed day
peace
[Music]
[Music]