okay so I'm gonna try and do this with
one hand here now I've told this to a
few people that I've run across in the
stores and whatnot and they think I
should film it and post it so you can
see I've got some gopher issues right
there and there's another one over there
I cleared out most of the top of the
mounds and there's some more over there
that way once I'm done I can see if
there's any new holes so I'm using this
bait AM throw home and go for bait no
I've tried to sulfur I've tried the
traps I've tried all kinds of things and
he'll work I've tried the noisemakers at
stake city put in the ground those don't
work for the dam so what you need to do
is all of these holes or the mounds that
you see are the tunnels where they're
pushing out when they're doing
housekeeping so they're kind of a little
side tunnel and that's where they throw
all the crap they don't want in their
tunnel so you don't want to do anything
there because that's not gonna help
they're not gonna go back there again
once they once you see the mound they'll
never go back so what you do is you go
now this is just a long screwdriver I'm
gonna use to poke around but you go six
to eight inches away from the mound and
six to eight inches down and you're
either going to feel a bunch of
resistance or you're gonna sink so if we
start poking like this there's all
resistance weight to my hand see it's
all resistance it's kind of hard to push
it down now watch here watch
see how it's things like that that's a
tunnel right there and that's where
they're gonna be running back and forth
so that's where you need to be so what
I'm gonna do I usually use a piece of
rebar but I can't find it so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna use this metal
stake thing that go over here I'm gonna
try and think I can push it down into
the hole there we go so it's something
like that okay now when you pull it out
you want to pull it out so that you it
doesn't cave in you want to pull it kind
of gently and what you don't want to do
with this bait is cover the bait up down
in the hole because they won't find it
so now we have this hole you just made
right here sorry right there it's our
hole okay I'm gonna take a regular well
and put that in the hole now I have dogs
so I want to be careful not to spill
anything so that you know if it hurts
the dog so I'm gonna take some of this
stuff these pellets I'm gonna sprinkle
in just a few like that then you know
make sure I don't drop any that the dogs
are gonna eat or anything so now when I
pull this out you see the hole now
molten Gophers don't like air coming
into their tunnels from you know random
places so they'll come and fix this
and you don't want them do that so I'm
gonna take some of this other dirt here
from the mound I don't make a little
patty little my patty not too
I'm not too dry see I'm gonna make a
little Mud Pie the reason we're doing
this is because if we just plainly cover
the hole with dirt it's gonna fall down
and cover up the bait what you don't
want to do so you take this mud patty
here and you put it and plug the hole
just like that tell you that it's
plugging the hole so they won't come
back and fix it so that's it
hopefully that helps let me know if it
works for you