this is CLS all1 and today we're going
to be replacing some steps I got some
steps here they're in really bad shape
they are severely sloped towards the
house causing a negative drainage
towards the foundation uh unfortunately
we can't repair these the concrete that
itself is not in that bad of shape but
if I was to try to jack it up the
concrete would just break and crumble so
we're just going to start over and and
build a new set of steps so we're going
to start with getting this wood
extension off the top here and then
we're going to the Jackhammer the
concrete so here are some views of the
existing set of steps uh that red line
represents level and that's how bad it
is there some more angles of
it so there's just no repairing this we
just got to get it out of there and
eventually this is what we're going to
have in place of it we're going to put a
wood porch in there a freestanding porch
that we can adjust if needed in the
future because we have a lot of
settlement issues
here all right so we're going to be
using a jackhammer this is a 90lb
jackhammer and I got a big air
compressor also that we're using that I
had to
rent and we're going to be tearing that
up so we're going to take this wood off
first we just glued on there make sure
you have some safety glasses and some
air protection and some still toad boots
especially with the
Jackhammer so we're going to start and
just take off little chunks at a time
it's a lot of work there's no easy way
around this this is just hard
work got to get this all cleaned up all
right now we got it cleaned up so now
we're setting Our Deck blocks I got four
concrete deck blocks here with a hole in
the center that's designed to hold a 4x4
post the deck blocks don't need to be
level with each other but they do need
to be level on the ground otherwise
they'll slide so we got them nice and
level underneath of them I've made some
measurements where my post should be
probably within a couple inches so we
might have to adjust them back and forth
but we can do the fine tuning after we
build our
base so let's get started and get the
base built so I'm going to be using a
2x2 material for the base so the base is
going to be built with a 2x10
pre-stained true red tone wood and it's
going to measure 47 1/2 by
472 I'll be using a 3-in torque head bit
screw T25 to construct the base there's
a closer look at it there so we're going
to get this
built so we're basically just building a
square and then we're going to put a
support in the very middle
also so we got this all built now we're
going to get our base in perfect
position and then we're going to adjust
our blocks so the blocks in the back are
going to have to be set a little ways
from the corner because of the
foundation but in the front we're going
to put them right at the
corner so notice both of these are lined
perfect with the corner so now it's time
to put a post in so I'm just going to
shimmy the base up little by little
until it's in perfect
position another way of doing it would
just be to keep blocking it up little by
little but I'm just going to use the PO
and just move it little by little until
until it's in perfect position once it's
in roughly in position we're going to
use a level and get it perfect we're
going to level the base out and then
we're going to level the post one by one
until everything's
perfect so we're real close here just a
little bit more
leveling once it's nice and level we're
going to go ahead and use some lag bolts
so we're going to use a 4in lag bolt by
3/8 and we're going to prej those holes
before we put those lag bolts in so
we're going to get lag bolts on all
those post and on that middle piece of
wood and that's really going to give it
some nice support now we're going to go
ahead and chop off one of these posts
because this is where the stairs are
going to be so we don't need a post
there now we're going to start putting
our floor on so we're going to have to
mark the first board there we're going
have to mark for where the post are
going to be we're going to have to notch
it out there so I got it marked right
there where the notches are going to be
and now we're going to have to cut those
so we can cut part of this with just the
the miter saw
here but then we're going to have to do
the rest with a chisel so here's what we
can cut with the miner saw there now
we're going to have to use a
hammer and a
chisel and I'm also going to use a
multi-tool and that's going to allow me
to make a nice clean cut to start with
so there's no jaged cut but this is not
necessary this just makes for a cleaner
cut so that chisel will break right
through that no problem so now we got to
notched out for those posts perfectly
there now we can go ahead and screw this
one into place we're going to put two
two screws on each end and two in the
middle there now it's time for the
second board I'm going to use some shims
to get some perfect spacing so we're
going to put one shim on each end there
and we can do that for every board we
put on we'll use those shims to get
perfect
spacing so I did a/2 in overlap with the
boards here to give it a nice finished
look now we're to the opposite side
we're going to have to notch out for
this post so you just need to make your
necessary measurements get that notched
out and we do it the same way we did
that first board to get
notched all right so we got the almost
the whole top here done we got a little
bit left over but we're going to wait to
do that till we do the stairs here's a
look at the stairs I'm using so there's
some pre-made stairs I got from Home
Depot we're going to put one in the
middle and one on each end but before we
do that we're going to put have to put
some papers at the bottom because we
don't want the stairs to come in direct
contact with the dirt we want them
resting on conrete so I'm going to put
some papers down there where they need
to be at the right height and have them
nice and level once those a level we can
start attaching our stairs so I'm going
to be teling in the top of the steps
here so I'll be driving a two screws at
a pretty good angle to secure it there's
a better look at what I've done there so
we're going to be doing that for all
three of them there'll be one in the
middle and one on each end so we're
going to go ahead and get all three of
them in place here get them all toen
nailed
down once we're all in position we're
going to make some measurements and we
want to make sure it's the same exact
width at the bottom and the top
so nothing's crooked there then we can
start measuring and get our steps in
place so at the top we're going to have
to notch one more piece to get around
that
post this one I'm going have to cut
approximately about a/ inch out to make
it fit after we get that in place we're
going to have to actually rip a board um
I want an inch and a half overhang for
each piece so I'm going to have to cut a
2in piece to fill this Gap uh the rest
of the steps work out perfectly with two
2X six no ripping is needed but for this
particular one I'm going to have to rip
a 2x4 so here's a trick I'm going to use
I'm just going to secure a 2x4 to the
steps here with a 2-in overhang then I'm
just going to cut that with a circular
saw if you have a table saw the job
would be much
easier so we got this ripped and now
we're going to add that to the top to
fill that
Gap so the rest steps will go real easy
it's just going to be two 2x sixes for
each step so we got the was all in place
and secured now we're going to be adding
a post to the bottom so this part's a
little tricky to make this nice and
sturdy we're going to have to attach
this at multiple Parts on the
stairs so to start with I'm going to
Mark the second 2x6 on the steps I'm
going to Mark the bottom of it where it
meets the side
support so we're going to mark it from
underneath
there then we're going to go ahead and
take that step off I only had a couple
screws in it cuz I knew I was going to
do
this and now we're going to put the post
where that Mark
was and we're going to notch out for the
post so you see I have a notch here for
where the post is going to
be then also on the top I'm going to
have to notch out part of that also
because we're going to attach the post
up here on this step
[Music]
also and that 4x4 is going to fit
perfect between both of these so we're
going to get those both back in place
now get them screwed
down and then that 4x4 should fit right
in there perfectly so here's a better
look at it
now so I've secured it on the side
support
here and now we're going to add a 4x4
block underneath here to support the top
of it better so it's going to give it
two secure points so we're going to get
that 4x4 block screwed in
there and then here's a look at where
that 4x4 block is so we got directly
behind it
there and now we're going to
toenail the 4x4 poster to that support
block and we're going to do that on both
sides then we're going to put a couple
screws on the top through this step
also now we're going to go ahead and cut
the rest of our
Poe so you're going to have to make a
mark all the way around we're going to
be using a sawel to cut it so I'm going
to be cutting them about 30 8 and 1/2 in
cuz I want them to end up 40 in when I'm
done so we're going to do the same thing
for all the posts on the top here on the
bottom post we're going to use a level
to get the true angle there we're going
to match the stairs there with the level
and make a mark on both
posts and then from the front of the
post there from The Mark we made we're
going to measure up and that happens to
be about 27 1/2 and we're going to
measure from the same place on the front
post up 27 1/2 in and that'll give us
our Mark for where we need to make our
Angle now we're going to hold the level
on the top of the post up above and then
make an angle Mark there so now we have
an angle that's going to match the
staircase there and we're going to mark
that all the way around so we can follow
that with the sawsa pretty good and make
a nice
cut so we get that cutting in place and
now we match an angle pretty good so now
it's time to start building our top
railing so we're going to measure where
it is to the inside the 4x4 post here
and that's where we're going to make our
45
so it has to be a 392 we're going to
make a mark there and we're going to use
a square to make our 45
line so we're lined up there and we're
going to go ahead and Mark it so my
miter saw can't quite cut through a 2x6
at a 45° angle it won't cut wide enough
so the trick I do is I go ahead and cut
One Direction I flip it and then I turn
the miter saw the opposite way so I can
continue cutting through the 45 so we're
not going to screw this in place yet
what I'm going to do is I'm going to use
the remainder of the 8ft piece I used
there's going to be a 45 on the opposite
half and I'm going to use that to make
sure that these angles line up perfect
before I screw it in place so here's the
remaining piece of the piece I just cut
so that's what we're going to use to get
this in perfect position and get exactly
where we want then we'll go ahead and
screw it in place so we'll do four
screws on that post and then we're going
to do a couple screws on the other
end now we can go ahead and attach the
other piece so that piece happens to be
long enough it fits on that side but
we're going to leave about a 3-in
overhang on this end so I'm going to go
ahead and Mark
that now I'm going to cut that at a 20°
angle and then I'm going to cut the very
tip of it off straight so it kind of
rounds off the end there and gives a
little bit of uh shape to it instead of
just a square end there's kind of a
closer look at it there just gives it
more of a finished look than just
chopping it off
straight so there's how it looks from
the side
there so we got that top ra position
now now it's time to put on that front
piece so I'm going to actually going to
attach this from underneath so what I've
done is I've used a rough cut piece of
2x6 and I'm going to trace this exactly
where the angle needs to be by holding
it on the side there and then I'm going
to cut that so this is a really sharp
angle so I actually had to hold this and
cut it manually with the miter saw there
then the opposite end you need to
determine where your link this and get
that cut and rounded like we did the top
piece so I got about a 6in
overhang and then that angle meets the
top there so we're going to put some
screws down here and then we're going to
put some screws up here in an angle just
like this so we're going to put two
screws up here to secure this now it's
time to put in our side supports so
traditionally you want to put them in
between the post but because these posts
aren't concreted I'm going to put it on
the outside to make it even stronger so
we're going to get our first piece of
place there and cut a 45 at the end now
for the next piece we need to figure out
what the angle is going to be here so
here's a trick you can hold two straight
end pieces right at the very corner and
then trace a line that's going to give
us an angle that puts us at 34° so
that's actually wrong we need to divide
that by two and that'll put us at 17 and
that will be the correct angle we need
for this so we got the 17° on that end
and the 45 on this end where it meets
the other one on the bottom piece you're
going to make a straight cut on that
side even with the post now on this end
of 45 so that's where the bottom ends so
now on the top we're going to do a 17°
on one end then in the opposite end
we're going to go and Trace where it
needs to be cut and then get that
mounted in place now we're going to do
the bottom railing here we're going to
match the angle of stairs and then make
a mark on both ends where it meets the
post and then get that mounted also now
it's time for uprights we're going to go
Ahad and mount these every 5 in to give
it a nice clean look there with no big
spaces so giv it 5 in spaces is going to
leave about a 3 and 1/2 in gap between
every one because these are an inch and
a half thick so here's a look at the top
railing here now it's time for the steer
railing so being that the stair railing
is at an angle it'll be easier to use a
level so Mark the the top every 5 in and
then use a level to make the the mark on
the
bottom so here's a look at everything
finished now so this project took me a
couple days complete uh the biggest part
of the job was actually cleaning up the
the old concrete there jackhammering it
and get rid of it that was a pretty big
job uh if it wer for that probably could
have been down in a
day but it turned out pretty good thanks
for watching this is CLS all1 please
like And subscribe