there's more to your KitchenAid stand
mixer than meets the eye KitchenAid
makes different attachments that fit
right onto the front power hub of every
stand mixer model turning this machine
into a true kitchen Center this is
Kitchen Aid's meat grinder attachment
you can use it to make such things as
homemade sausage burgers or even
meatloaf when you make your own food you
know exactly what goes inside no
preservatives and no mystery ingredients
today I'm going to be making the meat
for my baked whole wheat spaghetti with
turkey sausage meatballs you'll find
that recipe on C bc.com and to make the
meat I'm going to be using the large
coar grater now your grinder will come
with two grading attachments the larger
one is always used for meat the smaller
one you'll find best for hard cheeses
and
breadcrumbs when using this attachment
the food has to be cut into small strips
or pieces so it doesn't clog the machine
turn the mixer on to speed four and then
use The Pusher to guide the pieces down
into the grinder being careful not to
force the meat too quickly to get the
best texture from the meat you're
grinding make sure that the meat is very
very cold or even partially frozen now
if you're working with a meat that is
particularly fatty like bacon or chicken
with the skin on that should go through
the grinder only once if you're using
beef that should go through the machine
twice for my recipe today I'm using
turkey breast but imagine what you could
be making here add bacon and cheese into
the meat that you're grinding and you'll
come up with an awesome Burger grind up
nuts and pickles to add to your salad
but always remember you never have to
add any water or liquid and if you're
going to be putting putting in some
spice be sure and add that after you
grind the meat once you're finished
using this attachment cleanup is going
to be a breeze that's because every
moving part except for the metal pieces
can go into your dishwasher to find this
attachment and a whole lot more search
kitchen a on qvc.com to find any of my
recipes simply search David's recipes