up this is ingenious persons okay I'm
going to show you how to make a one
hitter out of a zebra pen or um any
metal pen would work but I prefer zebra
I like zebra um I know it's stainless
steel for a fact so it's not going to be
bad for you or anything um it's not
going to harm your lungs CU you're
smoking out of metal because it's
stainless steel stainless steel is okay
so basically what you're going to do is
uh get a zebra pen I'll show you what
this looks like just a metal pen get it
at the store pretty
cheap um I don't know if you can see
that there but zebra gel doesn't really
matter if it's gel normal whatever so
simple enough all you do is unscrew this
end part here oh one more thing is um
this is nice because for people who want
to hide it or don't want it to be found
you can put it back together really
simple to put back together um I'll show
you how to put it back together in case
you want to do that but okay so unscrew
the end part and you're going to need
this for for it so put this aside um
keep it next you um unscrew the next
part black part
unscrews and you're going to save this
part as well um then pull out the pen
snaps out simple um pull out the black
part so this there's the silver part is
attached this end snap part The Click
part and pull out the click part and
you're going to need this so put this
other piece aside and all you do is is
turn the pen cap around so the small
hole is going in take it in and if
you're going to be making this permanent
you're going to push down as hard as you
can so that it snaps it in there but I'm
going to be showing you how to put it
back together in case you need to so
basically you do that then take the end
with the white and it should oop I'm
sorry I put that in the wrong end um the
end that doesn't have the pen cap in it
take the part with the white ring and
put it in the opposite end so it should
just squeeze in there and that's going
to be your basic one hitter um looks
nice pretty sharp so it's not
embarrassed using it or anything it
actually looks pretty sick
so um to use it for people who don't
know how to use it um use it like any
other one hitter but people who don't
know what that is or don't know how to
use it you just put the bud on the table
so if my finger was the bud pretend
that's the bud take the end with the pen
cap in it that you unscrewed and push it
down onto it and just push it straight
down through it and it should cut it off
and pack it into it then you just suck
on it while you're lighting it and
that's it
um if you want to put it back together
it's pretty easy to hide how it is but
maybe you want to bring it to school
don't want to get caught with it and
want to make it fast so um basically you
do the same thing to use it and then
when you go to put it back together pull
out the black part pull out the pen the
end um the uh pen cap you have to bite
it out because it's in there
okay so you get that out then you're
going to take the clicky part put the
silver back onto the clicky
part
okay put the pen into the hole you'll be
able to see where it is but kind of look
inside there's a hole and you got to
match it up with that push it in as far
as it'll go so that it clicks should be
able to click at this point but um the
white part the white ring goes onto it
so towards the metal part and then that
screws in screw it on there and then the
pen cap screws
on and it's reassembled now you can
bring it to school they're not going to
be able to tell that it was ever used
for smoking unless it smells you know
easy to hide and uh if you need a pen
for school you got your pen so all right
so that's about it um