good evening everybody I'm Shane cha
here with another health supplement tip
for the day so today I want to talk
about Stevia all natural sweetener
Stevia is a plant green leafy plant and
it makes a great sweetener it's very
very sweet you don't need very much of
it and it's a great alternative to like
Splenda sucros sugar in general all
those things are horrible for you we all
know they're horrible but everybody
tends to use them and they don't even
think twice and just throw it and
everything I get a lot of people that
come to the heal food store and you know
they're like do you have any uh natural
sweeteners you have any natural
sweeteners basically Stevia which you
can buy anywhere you know I'll take them
to the H food section where we have all
our Stevia you know you can get little
tabs like these over on my counter I
have drops that are flavored you can get
powdered packets I'm sure you've seen
all this stuff you can find it at the
grocery store and uh you know I show
them and oh jeez you'd think I was
showing them crack cocaine
because they jump back and the first
thing they go is oh my God not Stevia no
no I can't have Stevia that leaves such
an awful
aftertaste oh if I have oh I'm tasting
it all day and then another person will
come in and oh I can't have Stevia I get
weak I pass out
then I have an allergic reaction if I
have
Stevia okay these are people that
ongoing or having diet soda aspartame
and throwing sugar in the drink we all
know they're horrible for you but you
give you just mentioned natural
sweetener the first thing everybody does
is they Google side effects what's the
side effects oh my God I heard this one
person one time they got they got a
brain tumor like they just
people go off the rails when it comes to
anything natural I'm here to basically
tell you that Stevia does have health
benefits I mean it's been shown to uh
like lower blood pressure it can help in
lowering uh blood sugar and may help in
diabetes and that type of thing zero
calorie sweetener doesn't affect your
blood sugar very safe very effective um
so it's extremely helpful for you and
sure you may be watching this video and
you may have turned it off already cuz
you're all pissy with me now but you may
be saying no I'm one of those people
sure you may be one of those people some
people eat a lemon and they have an
allergic reaction to it anybody can have
some reaction to anything it doesn't
mean that stay away from Stevia
everybody cuz it's as harmful as
shellfish I mean there's a whole bunch
of people that are having allergic
reactions to Shell fish I barely know
anybody I know one person one person
that drinks diet pop every day and they
had Stevia once and they told me they
almost passed out I don't even know
where that came from I find it so
ridiculous you don't need very much
Stevia just a drop a tablet a quarter of
a packet very very little it's nice and
it's sweet and it's delicious you put it
in your coffee your tea your oatmeal
your protein shake
anything you need sweetened anything you
would put sugar Splenda and oatmeal
anything like that just add a little bit
of stevia it will sweeten it right up
makes it delicious you're not going to
die from it so I'm basically here to
tell you to stop overreacting about
natural sweeteners other ones you're
going to find I've seen online you know
harmful side effects to goave nectar
harmful side effects to Xylitol which if
you have too much XY all it goes right
through you it gives you total diarrhea
it's really gross but you have to eat a
large amount I mean don't worry it's a i
anything you're going to have a whole
bunch of sugar you're going to get side
effects if you're going to have a whole
bunch of anything it will give you side
effects but with moderate use and you
don't need very much of these natural
sweeteners you will be fine okay that's
been my health supplement tip for the
day if you're looking for an alternative
to sugar or art icial
sweeteners don't worry quit saying it's
such a bad
aftertaste
care you're killing yourself with
everything else my goodness deal with
the taste it's just something new you're
going to have to deal with it doesn't
mean it's going to taste great you don't
have to sweeten everything you have
okay it's basically here to tell you
that Stevia is great for you just use a
tiny bit you don't need a whole bunch
cuz it sweetens everything I'm Shane cha
saying stay healthy stay motivated give
this video a thumbs up or if you think
I'm a total jerk cuz I'm laughing at
people that that are terrified of stevia
give it a thumbs down I don't care leave
leave mean comments I have Stevia all
the time perfectly fine little bit jaded
but I'm a little bit
fine subscribe to the channel I will see
you guys in the next video talk to you
later bye