celebrate the end of summer with one of
The Season's biggest produce Stars
watermelon it's a popular main stay of
any cookout but when you add some
Libations to the mix it's not just a
crowd pleaser it's a real party starter
yep that's right we're spiking a
watermelon I am very excited about this
all you really need as well is just a
watermelon a beautiful watermelon um
your favorite vodka or actually we've
got a couple suggestions I like this
cucumber vodka sweet tea vodka would be
great Cit infused vodka or another
Spirit rum would be fantastic tequila um
and that's all you really need a couple
of days and then we have some garnish
right oh yeah and mint if optional if
you want to garnish your watermelon if
you want to get a little Fancy with your
boozed up watermelon all right what's
the first step so we really just took a
watermelon washed the outside of it and
we cut a plug a couple of inches wide as
you can see here I'm going to just going
to pry it out pop that bad boy out and
hang on to the plug this is important
again yes it is important you'll need it
later but just cut it a couple of inches
wide and a couple of inches deep so that
you'll have room to funnel your alcohol
right into the water you need to get
into the meat of the watermelon really
drill exactly you need to get into the
red part okay let's just tip that see a
little bit there you go and we're just
going to take a little funnel here and
we're going to add a little bit of vodka
at a time so how much you got in there
so this is about half a cup and you're
just going to add it really slowly and
um this is this this watermelon doesn't
binge drink no it doesn't unlike unlike
maybe some people in college exactly it
does not so you have to be patient with
it and just know that you will need to
fill it up every 4 to 6 hours as it
absorbs the Vodka okay so you can get it
split Al blood alcohol content exactly
um and I just take Saran Wrap and cover
up this watermelon stick it back in the
fridge let it do its thing and check up
on it in a couple of hours now you
learned some tips
as you going through this trial by melon
in order to booze it up and what are
some stuff that people should pay
attention to one very important thing
give yourself several days in advance um
you need to get the party started early
because this watermelon needs some time
to absorb the fact that it is now a
drunk watermelon so that's one uh two is
we could not locate one for this segment
but try and find a seeded watermelon as
opposed to a seedless one because the
air pockets in the seeds or the around
the seeds actually
help absorb the alcohol right those are
just extra little pockets you can fill
with Libations and third you want to
just sort of skewer the watermelon with
ir it exactly and that helps as well so
do that anything to help it form that
habit got to get it drunk after a couple
of days you want to when it's done
absorbing all the alcohol you want to
stick the plug back in just like that
okay how cute it is and you can slice it
up and serve it just like a normal
watermelon so literally the meat of it
the FL the watermelon will have absorbed
the alcohol so these things are I mean
they're going to be pretty strong but
they don't taste that strong yeah you
can taste a little bit of those but it
definitely tastes like Delicious Fruit
at the same time so beware right it's a
little bit dangerous I am so excited to
take a bite of
this what do you think oh that is
delicious and dangerous like you said
obviously you want to keep this away
from the Kids Table this this is adult
make sure they have their separate
watermelon this is an adult treat but I
mean really you're going to be the most
popular person at the party if you show
up with a spiked watermelon exactly
Suzanna thank you so much for showing us
the ways absolutely my pleasure