cannelloni and welcome to aroma of
Zanzibar today I'm gonna show you how to
make this delicious delicious delicious
it's a kind of red but it doesn't taste
like bread it's got a very very
distinctive taste of its own
my daddy okay for mandazi we're gonna
need some all-purpose flour coconut milk
now these come in different varieties of
brands you don't have to use this
particular brand and if you have access
to the fresh coconut where you can
squeeze it that's perfectly fine you can
use regular milk
or you could use something like this and
then follow the instructions of how much
you need for a cup okay and I got some
cardamom here this is a ground cardamom
and the whole cardamom looks like this
okay and I have some sugar and some oil
this is about two one and a half
tablespoons and I have some instant to
goes on I'm going to tell you a little
more about magnetics ok this sound
I like to start there's so many ways of
mixing the mandazi some people like to
put everything you know dump it all at
one time or you can have your yeast
separately to blonde and I like to do it
this way
half of my coconut milk still this I'm
gonna let it stand for a few minutes so
that it it blooms okay okay my yeast is
kind of blood now this step is not
really necessary like I say you can just
dump everything in one ball and here I
have I have what I've done is I have
mixed my I have mixed the sugar and the
cardamom powder and of course with the
flour together the reason why I like to
do this way you know when you I don't
have happens to me I'm not sure if it
happens to everybody
sometimes not all the time though when I
[Music]
when I dump everything together you know
with the yeast not being not being soft
to bloom I get a little little bits of
yeast over the top you know it looks
like little pimples and I don't like
that okay so I'm going to start this
I'm going to
and the oil
[Music]
I don't want to do it more here because
you know the more you need you're going
to develop gluten which we don't want to
do it we're not looking for anything
chewy here this is not a pizza or a
bread okay this is a very delicate bread
we want it to be very soft like cotton
okay
so this is actually all right you see
the moment it starts coming out from the
separate self from the ball you see how
clean see when you take it out it's like
that so this is perfectly ready I got my
door ready here and we don't offer may
need to do this for a few seconds
actually it's not necessary because this
is perfectly done okay and you can do
this any size you want
I 506 yeah I do need some big on some
small just or the sake of it okay how
you warm it
yeah I like mama does is small because
the way you get many because my children
really really love these and yeah more
about and does is they're eaten they're
consumed brother
I believe they must have originated from
from the coastal inlets and zebra where
I come from Mombasa pimba you know cuz
you know we use a lot of coconut a lot
of spices and you're going to see that
most of my recipes have a lot of spices
but we don't do it very hot anyway so
Mendes is eating everywhere in East
Africa and I believe even in Somali they
do my Ghazi but this has a little Kenya
they call it my hungry and tell we have
it for breakfast like I say you can have
it for lunch at a side dish or dinner or
snack if I was growing up you know going
to school there even after I went back
after so many years the trend was still
the same you know every morning you see
a lady outside her doorstep with a fresh
mentality and wings to eat my daddy at
home and we used to eat you know we used
to buy them I mean it's funny that you
eat the same thing at home yet
your you also buy the same thing and
also I want to tell you our I this is my
method of doing it okay and I did add a
little oil like you can see I ended up
using only one tablespoon of oil simply
because I think it makes it very moist
but I cut down the order because
the coconut milk has a lot of fat
okay so that was some exit most so when
I use the ordinary milk I use two
tablespoons of oil but when I use
coconut milk I cut down and what and
honestly you wouldn't see how moist fair
until the next thing which I prefer okay
so I'm going to lay them here okay and
you want to put a lot of flour here
because you don't want them to stick to
okay because what happens is when they
stick when you take them out they're
going to lose their shape
yeah thing about the oil and the moist
moisture okay I prefer to eat them the
next day and when you add oil this is to
my observation there's no fast and hard
rule I find them very moist even the
next day they are like freshly just made
and but you know it doesn't happen most
of the time because most of the time
when I do my man disease they finish the
same night but this is morning time I'm
doing these in the temperature here is
about 36 degrees Fahrenheit it's very
cold so they're going to take time to
rise so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to put them in the oven but I'm
not going to turn the oven the oven is
going to be off and I'm going to keep
the light on now the light will radiate
that heat to get my man disease - right
like I said I just want to show you so
they are in there the oven is off okay
we are not baking them all right okay
now my man disease are ready to be fried
they have risen up and they look
absolutely beautiful
okay you want your oil to be hot but not
extremely hot and I think mine is it's
okay it's not as hot as I wanted it to
be but it shouldn't be a problem and
while the kids are ready everybody's
ready waiting for I mean they up and
waiting for my daddy and so what I
normally like to do here like you can
see I like to drizzle the hot oil on top
of the mandazi I should I don't know why
but you know I've been seeing my
grandmother doing that my mother doing
that everybody they do the mandazi they
do it that way so I guess it's just a
habit until I find out why we do certain
things that we do okay but I think this
one here has not risen as much but it
should be shouldn't be a problem you see
now this one is just perfectly you know
it's time to turn it to flip it over
because if you let it rise more it's
going to bust and then you're going to
have a lot of grease in your man Daisy
and this is this one here is a perfect
one and this one has not has decided not
to cooperate but it's okay so these
don't really take much time to fry
and some people like them very dark some
people like them lighter I mean I like
them a little bit light with with some
color but I like them to the all uniform
uniformly you know the color to be all
the same and yeah like this is this is
exactly how I like lemon does it to be
to look like okay I hope you enjoy
watching this and try and please come
back with a feedback it's always nice to
know what you like and what you don't
like and where you find it difficult you
know can always help you okay now this
is how I like mine as you can see it's
perfect okay no grease okay because once
they start busting you're gonna have a
lot of grease in them and then they
don't taste it's nice okay so I'll
finish all of them and then I'll get
back to you and show you my nice plate
of my lousy
okay so here's my mandazi they look
absolutely nice and they are supposed to
look hollow like this inside they're
nice and soft in a few roll you know
this is where you have your human
disease rolled out thin but if you roll
them a little bit thicker yeah this is
bit thicker so you have a little more
meat inside well thank you very much and
do visit us again