hello welcome to the video today I'm
gonna show you how to create exhaust fan
traitors
first of all take out the filters serial
filter they are completely blocked with
oil and they they cannot except solve
any more smoke and oil see the filters
filter filters are out now how to wash
the filters I'll be washing in a
traditional way in soapy water using a
vinegar are using a baking soda no I'm
going to show you today very easiest and
effective way to wash the filters what
is the effective way we can watch this
filter in dishwasher to I show the
program and I'll show you the procedure
open the dishwasher
just drop the treatments inside the de
torture make sure your oily side should
be opposite to the checks
one down two of them you drop it this
way this is another back side this is
the front side should be like this where
you were checked will hit very well
dishwashing jet will hit properly
drop one Powerball finish Powerball it's
not that dishwashing come dispensers
dope they spent dispenser container if
you have any other dish washing powder
you can load it it will be a much better
option and make sure you are not loading
any other it rinses in a dishwasher
while you are washing filters because
the filter of the oil which came out
from the filter will stick with your
containers which will make which will be
very hard to remove once washing program
is finished okay which program to choose
third not we have steamers dishwasher at
this moment we are using we are going to
use highest temperature 65 75 degree if
you have higher than this also you can
use it okay make sure you are not going
to use less lower temperature if you are
using lower temperature the filter will
not be clean set 65 75 start it close
the door
wait for program to finish okay now
average the dishwasher the program is
going to be finished in one minute
but anyway I will open the door and show
you how the filter start open it see the
filter they are like a new completely
they are clean
there is no oil inside see the filters
okay by this way you can increase the
life of filter as well as you can save a
lot of water and you would be outer away
from dealing with your hats as well as
if the filters are clean from the first
attempt it's fine if the filters are not
being just repeat its because you are
clean your filters are completely
chilled so repeat the cleaning process
if your filters are not
and try to try to clean the filters
every 15 days once and yeah I'll end up
the video here if you have any comments
just comment below I will try to reply
you and please subscribe to my channel
to see some more videos thank you