hello everybody welcome back happy
Thursday it's a shame we're making some
turkey brushstroke cupcakes so I know I
can go for like oversaturating you guys
with the brush truck technique which is
where you get candy melts and you like
brush them onto a sheet depression paper
and they look like feathers or
brushstrokes it works for birds because
I've made a Flamingo cake and I have
made a Hedwig cake using the brush start
technique and I think it's so cool and I
thought that it'd be really fun twist
because I haven't seen this technique
used for like turkey cupcakes before and
they're actually filled with caramilk
chocolates so that when you bite inside
the inside is like nice and caramel key
so let's get started okay so first to
bake the cupcakes you want to beat the
butter and sugar with an electric mixer
until it's light and fluffy at the
vanilla extract and eggs one at a time
beating with each addition and a
separate bowl combine the flour baking
soda salt and cocoa powder add this to
the butter mixture in two additions
alternating with the buttermilk pour the
batter into a muffin pan lined with
cupcake liners take a chocolate caramel
into the center of each cupcake they get
450 degrees Fahrenheit for 20 minutes
and then cool them completely to make
the buttercream beat the butter with an
electric mixer until pale and fluffy at
the vanilla extract and combine another
confectioners sugar one cup at a time
beating with each addition add the cocoa
powder and beat until it's well combined
that on the milk and mix well and this
is like the richest most delicious dark
chocolate buttercream ever so if you
love dark chocolate you need to try this
and to make the feathers you want to
place all of red orange and yellow candy
melts onto a baking sheet lined with
parchment paper brush downwards with a
clean paintbrush or a popsicle stick to
create brushstrokes you want to make the
red brushstrokes the largest the orange
brushstrokes like medium sized and the
yellow brushstrokes the smallest or then
you want to place these in the freezer
until they're set for about 10 minutes
center assemble your cupcakes you wanna
spread a generous amount of buttercream
on top of each cupcake and kind of like
create a mound so that the buttercream
is thick enough to stick the feathers
inside ice pick the candy melt feathers
so that the red ones are at the back and
the yellows are at the front
we need some of the remaining brown
frosting to pipe the turkeys head and
neck then you want to get some white
frosting I just like purchased some
frosting in the grocery store when I'd
add that red and yellow and pop it into
some piping bags to put it with small
round piping tips then pipe the eyes
with some white frosting pupils with
some more of the brown buttercream then
use a yellow frosting to create the beak
and the red frosting to create the
little like red wobbly part what is this
call if you guys wanted comment down
below and you aren't done so thank you
so much for watching I hope that you
like this recipe I have some more
Thanksgiving recipes coming next week
and they're really really cool what are
they I'll tell you now a pumpkin pie for
dogs and we have some oh and some
pumpkin spice cupcake so if you're
looking for those kind of recipes stay
tuned till next week and yes I will see
you guys later bye