hey guys welcome back to my channel so
you might have seen that I did a little
bit of surgery on this bag to remove the
little wrist strap that comes with it
and now I'm going to do just a little
bit more alteration of this bag and
strap to make it perfect for me
especially I'm going to try to turn this
long punch crossbody strap into a
doubled up shoulder strap so I'm gonna
want it to be basically I want it to
look like this and so what I need to do
is I need to move one of these clips
over to this side and then I need to
attach this end of the chain to this
clip
you
yeah I'm just gonna try to start doing
that so what I've tried to do this for a
bit right now and so what I've learned
is that I need a nice hard surface to
protect my countertops because I'm going
to be really digging in there with my
pliers so I'm gonna do this on this
little I don't know tool kit that I got
from Walgreens and yeah I'm just gonna
basically stick my pliers in here and
pull the pliers apart so that the little
part of the little chain see if I can
get some light on that yeah do you see
that little hole right there I'm trying
to basically um break apart the link of
the chain at that little join alright so
I'm gonna just dig in and hopefully have
some footage to speed up and show you
how
success
I'm going to put that aside here and try
to work on the middle of it more or
actually let me just attach this side to
this clip so I just need to open this
one up
get a little bit of progress on this one
but it's taking a little longer let go
got this guy open so now and we're just
going to attach it to this clip and
close it back up
great so we have one end done so now
what I need to do is I need to attach
this clip to the other end of this chain
strap so the first thing I'm going to do
is make sure everything is nice and
symmetric so it looks like I have
exactly an even number of links on
either side all right so I was checking
whether there was an even number of
links on either side of the chain
because I don't want one side to be
longer than the other and it does look
like there is an even number so if I
just hold this here yeah yep
so what I need to do is just open these
two links down here and attach them to
the clip so this one was harder than the
other but you can see I've made some
progress maybe I can flip this out now I
still need to do a little bit more work
okay so I have the one link done on the
bottom of the strap so you know what
we've made progress on so far is
attaching two ends to this clip so now
we need to attach two nca clip down here
and I was worried that I didn't have an
even number of links on either side but
you can see so I took this link off and
I have one here so you can tell that I
have an even number so we're good to go
so I just need to open this one and then
reattach this clip so I realized it
might be hard for you guys to see what
I'm doing so I'm gonna try to change the
camera angle to make it a little easier
so all I'm doing is I'm sticking the
nose of my pliers in one of these links
and pulling apart as hard as I can and I
am struggling these are very well made
links so you definitely need
she put a little oomph into it to get
some opening yeah so this one hasn't
budged at all you can see it's still
perfectly closed let's dig back in got
this guy open that was tough
okay so I'm gonna attach the please go
in I don't know I'm going to attach the
hook into that open link and just close
it up
okay so you got one done now I just let
you get that extra link that we had
taken off and the other end of the chain
strap so I'm gonna leave that through
here and then just attach it to this
link this clip and close this sucker up
now obviously I would not be doing this
on a you know more expensive strap this
drop is $10 at the Curt outlet that's
why I feel comfortable doing this now
final product cool so I went from having
a shoulder sorry a crossbody strap that
was one chain long to switching this to
a double strap that's going to be the
perfect shoulder strap the last thing I
want to check is just to make sure
because I reattached these links to the
clips I want to make sure that the chain
is not twisted because of the way I did
that and that looks fine and this one
might be a little bit messed up I don't
know if you can see that this one is a
little bit twisted
okay guys so I fixed the chain strap off
camera because it was just a lot of
undoing a link and redoing a link and
fixing the making sure the chain wasn't
twisted but now you see I have a perfect
little shoulder bag with a double chain
strap that I can now wear it to my
fiance's holiday party so yeah thanks
guys for watching let me know in the
comments below if you have any questions
or if any steps were unclear and yeah
thanks this