hey there everyone this is Sarah welcome
back in my last Chick video I showed you
guys my brand new baby chicks and this
is the first time that I've ever had
baby chicks and I'm so excited but now
they're already 12 days old and they're
growing up so quickly oh it's so sad
they all seem to be very happy and
they're all healthy they're all eating
and drinking a lot which means that
they're also pooping a lot they're
pooping so much that I have to change
out their little brooder four times a
day and honestly it's getting a little
bit obnoxious so I'm in the process of
building them a much larger brooder so I
finally have picked out some names for
all the chicks so let's get started and
I'll show you chick number one this one
is a light Brahma and I've decided to
name her
Charlotte you can see that Charlotte
does have some adult feathers coming in
on her wings but they're pretty short
she tries to fly but she just doesn't
get very
[Music]
far next up is Chick number two who is a
buff orpington and I've decided to name
her
Goldie Goldie is just a little
firecracker she is constantly running
all over the place and she also tries to
fly her wings are a little bit larger so
she is able to get pretty
far you can see that she's getting a
little tail feather there a so cute
Goldie is the first chick to have her
comb start developing you can kind of
see it it's right between her eyes if
she would stop moving I guess she just
doesn't like posing for the camera
[Music]
chick number three is my black silky and
boy she has a little attitude I decided
to name her
pepper she's still pretty tiny but she
is a bantom breed which means that
she'll be about half the size of a
regular
chicken you could kind of see that she
is starting to get a few tail
feathers and it's kind of hard to see
because she is black but she does have
the most amazing head shape I can't wait
to see what she's going to look like
when she's an
[Music]
adult moving on to Chick number four
this is my dark Cornish and I did have
her name before I decided to name her
Cleo after Cleopatra
Cleo has grown probably the most out of
all the chicks so far her feet just look
ginormous
now she's also starting to get quite a
few feathers in in fact she is able to
fly right out of the Bruder which is
definitely a problem every time I go to
clean the Bruder hopefully you guys can
see her wings right there she's getting
quite a lot of feathers and they're so
pretty
[Music]
on to Chick number five this is my white
silky I decided to name her Lola she is
just such a sweet little chicken and
she's definitely my tiniest little
chicken she hasn't grown very much
sizewise but you can see a lot more of
her silky Fe starting to come in if you
guys saw my last Chick video you'll know
that Lola was ill and it seems like she
has made a full
recovery she was also pretty antisocial
the last time I talked to you guys but
now she is definitely starting to blend
more in with the rest of the
[Music]
chicks hey here is my very last chick
this is Chick number six and this is my
white crusted black polish I decided to
name her
doy she had a very unfortunate incident
earlier today where another bird pooped
on the top of her head when she turns
her head to the right you guys can kind
of see it I had to take her to the
bathroom and kind of wash it off she
didn't like that very much and I think I
got most of it off but now her feathers
look a little bit messed up hopefully
they'll be okay in just a few days and
they'll be back to normal little doy has
grown a lot more feathers and she can
also fly out of the
[Music]
Bruder let me see if I can show you guys
how well some of these guys can fly now
okay here's Little Cleo and she loves to
do this I'm probably going to have to
clip her wings when she gets older so
she won't fly
away oh there's a good look at her wings
they look so
pretty oh she's growing so
fast fortunately when she does escape
her little br R she doesn't go very far
yet she's still pretty scared of the
outside
world I don't think she's going to fly
to my other hand I think that was just a
onetime
event here let me put you back down
Little
Cleo whoops bombs
away well thank you guys so much I hope
you like this little chick update the
next update I'm going to do will
probably be in a couple more days where
I'm going to show you guys their brand
new br
I'm building it out of wood and I even
have some reclaimed wood that I'm going
to work into the design if you haven't
seen my first video of these adorable
little chicks where they're a little bit
younger I'll put the link right above
thank you guys so much for watching
today and as always I'll see you in the
next video