so now he's going to wash my hands Oh
specifics for for handling food you will
need 85 grams of porridge oats 100 grams
of plain flour 100 grams of caster sugar
100 grams of butter plus extra for
greasing the tray wooden table spoon of
golden syrup and 1 teaspoon of
bicarbonate of soda you will also need a
tray some weighing scales a knife a
wooden spoon and two balls don't forget
the oven first preheat the oven to 180
degrees Celsius first put the oats flour
and sugar into a bowl now gently mix
them just to combine all the ingredients
next part is optional so you put your
butter and golden syrup in a pan and
melt them or you can put them straight
in a bowl and mix them in if your butt
is soft enough if you melt the butter
and gone through in the pan make a hole
in the middle of your dry ingredients
bowl and pour it in and mix well so I'm
just going to pour this into the middle
this is my butter and golden syrup
mixture or you could have just mixed it
in if you didn't have a pan so now I'm
just gently stirring and mixing it in so
that it will combine evenly once you've
been finished mixing it it should look
like this it should be combined and
quite compact now add one tablespoon of
bicarbonate of soda with some boiling
water to your me
yeah I'm steering it in this little cup
first so the tech and show you now
mixing the bicarbonate of soda mixed now
get your extra butter and your baking
tray and just smother it the butter onto
it so that in the cookies do not stick
like now get the tablespoon and the life
that you used earlier and take out of
your mixture tablespoons and place them
onto your buttered drag once you put as
many as you can fit on a tray on it and
put them in the oven
either use a towel or an oven glove and
as that should protect your hands from
the heat now set a timer for eight
minutes and then you should check them
to see if they're ready they take eight
to ten minutes it may vary depending on
your oven now my cookies have just come
out of the oven so if sometimes they did
Joan together if you don't put enough
mixture on but if you have get a knife
make sure the trees not too warm but try
to do it when the cookies are still
really soft and cut lines in between to
make squares don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe below