all right everyone welcome back to
Cody's lab so today I'm going to show
you my new method of making honey sugar
you'll remember in my making gunpowder
from urine video part two that I used a
food dehydrator to dry the honey out
before crushing it up into a sugar this
time I'm actually going to be cooking
the honey so unfortunately this is not
going to be raw honey sugar but this
method is far faster you would most
likely use the honey sugar for baking
anyway so it's not going to be really
that big of a deal of course you can
burn it so I have to keep track of the
temperature really closely with this
candy thermometer here I'm shooting for
a temperature of 300Â° and I do
caramelize it a little bit before I
reach that but as you can see I got it
pretty well that is of course the hard
crack temperature at which when the
sugar cools it'll become brittle which
is exactly what you want once cooled
down to room temperature I end up with
something that looks exactly like candy
glass this is actually pretty cool let's
go ahead and push on it and see what
happens yep it breaks so to turn it into
sugar I'm going to use this blender here
and a bit of cornstarch to act as an
anti- cake agent not going to use very
much just enough to keep it from
sticking together when it gets moisture
from the air many recipes I've seen just
use like a small amount of honey and a
lot of corn starch I don't really like
that because it's basically cornstarch
so it's been sweetened this mixture
however contains a lot more honey and
very little corn starch it is pretty
clumpy still still I mean you can break
it up with your hands but if you want to
make it less clumpy you can add a little
bit more corn starch and that will keep
it from sticking together if it's like a
really humid day you might have to use
more just use your best judgment that's
why I usually don't give you exact
recipes so anyway I've sifted it out
with a colander there that way I'm not
breaking my teeth on large
chunks but now I have honey sugar it is
still very hydroscopic so it's a good
idea to keep it inside of a sealed
container
time for a taste test so here we go and
you know it it tastes pretty good tastes
like sugar kind of like a mixture of
brown sugar and toffee probably because
I burnt it a little bit but that could
have easily been avoided you may have
noticed I've been narrating most of this
video as is because my good friend
Arthur has given me his Blue Yeti
microphone hopefully that'll improve the
sound quality of my videos one more
thing I'd like to mention is that I will
be attending the Clark honey Harvest
Festival in Grantsville on October 9th
and 10th here is their ad for more
information I will be intending as a
vendor I have about eight gallons of
honey I need to get sold uh several
pounds of beeswax a few other things
that I might bring along and for anyone
who mentions my YouTube channel I'll do
something special I hope you all enjoyed
and I'll see you next time
[Music]