hi in this video I will show you how to
remove paint
stains um in this particular incident I
wore some
sweatpants uh to paint some doors and I
got white paint somehow dripped on my
pants and I also got some paint as
you'll see later in the video on some uh
red
curtains and
basically to remove the paint stains
even though they're old I mean old
because I washed my sweatpants at least
like at least 10 15 times you know with
the stain on there and it never came off
and one day it just popped into my head
let me try some gasoline because I heard
you could use it to you know remove
stains and basically you got to douse
the stain and lots of
gasoline and you just rub like what I
used a white T-shirt and I just kept
rubbing the stain and eventually it
comes out so I mean I'm GNA speed up the
videos right here kind of just to show
you the before and after but basically
all I did was dous the paint stains with
gasoline and rubbed
vigorously with a white Hanes t-shirt
that was also DED in
gasoline and for obvious reasons you
want to do this in a well ventilated
room because it can give you a headache
but the fumes can definitely give you a
headache so you know take the
precautions um necessary when you know
when working with gasoline fumes and you
should have pretty good results and you
know if you're worried
about um you know ruining whatever piece
of clothing or cloth that you got the
staying
on then maybe you want to test in a
little inconspicuous are
with the gasoline first otherwise I mean
I I actually didn't test the pants were
actually ruined already I already had
the stain on on the back of the pants
and uh so I just pretty much tried this
as a last resort and it worked pretty
well so I hope you enjoyed this video
and if you're interested in
do-it-yourself videos and all sorts of
tips on cars computers home stuff
whatever go ahead and subscribe to my
channel youtube/ to addition