hi friends welcome back to Sanjeev
Kapoor Khazana mr. Shailaja and my
recipe today is an easy fuss free
dessert I'm going to show you how to
make an apple crumble the apples are so
easily available and it is a fruit
that's available through the whole year
it's easy to put together
especially when you pressed for time and
you want to make something up really
easy so let's take a look at some of the
ingredients that we are going to use for
the apple crumble apples all purpose
flour oats butter powdered cinnamon
brown sugar white sugar vanilla essence
okay so I'm going to use three of these
apples now typically you would probably
want to use cooking apples because they
tend to retain the form when you stew
them or when you cook them however
regular eating apples work just as well
so what we are going to do now is I just
want to slice the Apple here some
recipes call for even using if you find
tinned apples you could use those as
well but however nothing like using good
fresh apples and these are just so
easily available through the year so
what you want to do is just remove the
skin and make sure you remove any seeds
from the center and I'm just going to
cut these up roughly into
small squares and make sure you don't
cut them too small because what's going
to happen is they cook really fast and
then they tend to become really extra
soft so you do want the Apple to have a
slight bite to it as well
so we have our chopped and diced apples
so what we do want to do now is steal
these apples a little bit so what you
want to do is soften them so I'm got a
pan that's heating here I'm just going
to go right ahead and add the apples to
the pan and we're just going to sprinkle
a little bit of the white sugar and
cinnamon powder as well and I'm just
going to cover this with a little bit of
water not too much and we just let this
simmer now for a little while so while
we've got the apples chewing I'm going
to show you how we can go ahead and make
the outer crust for our crumble so I've
got all-purpose flour and I've got some
rolled oats the oats actually lend a
wonderful crunch to the crumble and for
the crumble I'm using some brown sugar
so you just want to mix this up well
and now I'm going to add the butter to
it
and what will help is if you want to use
a fork to gently mix in the butter the
consistency you're actually looking at
is you want it to resemble that of
crumbs so it's got to be a crumbly
texture I'm just going right ahead and
using my hands that works best actually
so I'm just going to mix this up and the
apples are still stewing so we will just
get this crumble ready and you can add
in some of the vanilla in here as well
and I'm just going to add a dash more of
the cinnamon powder to this I do have
some already in the apples but just a
little bit more for flavor into the
crumble so this is looking good and it
has a nice even texture so we will just
keep this aside okay so the apples have
now been stewing for about eight or nine
minutes and if you can see they seem
cooked and tender yet they've retained
the form so I wouldn't really cook them
any further otherwise this is going to
get mushy so I'm going to go right ahead
and turn our heat off and there is still
a bit of liquid in this so I'm just
going to go ahead and drain this off
okay and now of course we come to the
best part of it how do we layer the
crumble so I've got the apples which I'm
just going to place them at the base of
our baking dish here and these will cook
further when we put them into the oven
as well so if you feel that they're not
too tender don't worry too much about
them because they will cook further once
when we bake them and I'm going to go
right ahead and put this all over what
you are looking for is a nice thick
layer of the crumbs because it will give
it a wonderful texture once this apple
crumble is ready okay this looks fairly
well and you could just even this out
little bit and press it down and that
seems nice and ready so I have my oven
which I have preheated to about 180
Celsius and I'm going to put this right
in and this would bake for at least say
about 30 minutes and we'll show you how
it looks when it comes out of the oven
this just came out of the oven a
wonderful and delicious apple crumble
and it's looking beautifully brown from
on top and it's smelling great with all
that cinnamon that just went into it if
I were you I would serve this warm apple
crumble with a nice dollop of ice cream
and that's just going to be about the
most perfect dessert you can have today
I do hope you're going to try this out
and thanks for watching
do subscribe to our channel on YouTube
if you like our videos stay connected
happy cooking