hello all this the 12th of April 2016
and it's down here from Essex United
Kingdom so few people have asked me
about some fruit that they can grow in
some pots now what I have in front of me
here is a gooseberry now this is variety
in and Mackay green okay which
unsurprisingly has green fruit on it now
Latin name for gooseberry is rebus uber
crisper for those who are interested and
you can see that this is doing very well
within this sort of medium sized pot so
well in fact you can see these little
flowers on there and these all being
well should be gooseberries so I reckon
there's probably going to be a good 20
or 30 gooseberries on this plant here
despite the fact it's relatively small
see with my hand there just how small
this plant actually is now I bought this
last year from one of these budget
places savers or pound stretcher or
something like that and you can see like
from here upwards to here this was all
last year's growth so it really has put
out some good growth now of course if a
plant is in a pot then you need to get
all the nutrients and the grow medium in
the soil very much how it should be so
what I've got here is a mixture of good
quality compost which you can either get
yourself from your own compost bins or
you can purchase it some well rotted
horse manure mixed in some fish blood
and bone and a little bit of calcified
seaweed and I think I also put a little
bit of coffee ground into this and as
you could see it's a rewarded me by
putting out some very strong growth now
of course you need to make sure that you
water them at regular intervals when
they are in pots because they dry out
very quickly particularly in the summer
so there are reasons why people would
want to grow
fruiting Bush's one reason would be
maybe that they don't have a big enough
garden to put plants into they may have
a small courtyard garden or something
like that they may wish to experiment by
putting plants in pots of course if you
rent your property and you think you
might be moving in a short time you
might wish to put them in pot so you can
take the plants with you and of course
some people are too unwell to be able to
reach down to the ground and of course
something like this you could put on a
platform on a bench and you could tend
your own plants and harvest your own
fruit now with regards to varieties in a
Macky green it's quite a famous variety
but um this does have spines you need to
take care there and there are varieties
I mean the one that comes to mind is
called careless unsurprisingly called
careless because it states you can be
careless when picking them because
there's nothing to get your finger on
like these little spikes so there might
be one you wish to try careless if you
want one without spines so here in
Mackay green and we've got another here
in Mackay green here now this is a Hin
and Mackay red not quite as advanced as
the green but that must be because this
part of the garden is probably little
bit more shaded and we've got another in
and Mackay so here in Mackay red here
and in mackey read here i bought two of
each on the same day from near the
budget place and these Hanamaki reds are
in the same grow medium as i described
earlier so got some gooseberries here
these are in the ground not sure what
varieties these are but every year these
fruit very heavily they've been cut back
hard in the winter period because
gooseberries can get a bit carried away
with themselves this was one that was
layered and this is another one here now
these haven't put out any flowers yet
probably because a little bit behind the
ones in the pots due to the fact that so
this part of the garden does not get as
much Sun as where the potted
gooseberries are okay so with regards to
what pot to put your potted Goods Breeze
in now this is a thirty liter pot okay
you can purchase these on or basically
anywhere Amazon eBay I believe probably
eBay I would so be a good place to get
these just put in thirty litre pots and
you can see what you get got handles as
well so you can carry them and of course
a gooseberry plant will sit happily in
one of these for a few years you will
eventually have to change the compost of
course but T it will be able to put its
roots down and if you want to help it a
little bit more with regards to drainage
you can put some stones in the bottom
and that sort of thing a bit of clay and
you can even put it put the pot on some
bricks to further assist with drainage
okay I hope that's been helpful and if
there's any questions on growing
gooseberries in pots please let me know
all the best and take care