well it's traditionally a 25 pound
turkey is gonna be about a third of it's
gonna be foam you know so 25 pound
turkeys maybe only 16 pounds 17 pounds
of meat and this is all me my name's Ian
hall and I'm one of the managers at the
meat market and we're making turducken
sirs year and it's a combination of a
boned out turkey a boned out duck and a
bone dot chicken and with stuffing in
between a lot of people I think
originally did it for the novelty of it
and then down the road I mean it's it's
a good product
you know it's an acquired taste like a
lot of things but you know with all the
bones and all that out it makes eating
duck and chicken and things like that a
lot easier because it's all meat it's
like cutting up a loaf of bread I mean
you just lay the duck in there kind of
the same way that the turkey is put the
seasoning in there layer and the
stuffing mix lay the products on top of
each other and then we'll my let's tie
it all together this is the turkey this
would be the duck layer and now we're
gonna go with the chicken layer you
could do it on your own but like I said
you know you got to be pretty handy with
a knife you know you're gonna one
probably either loose a finger or you're
gonna gonna just not be happy with you
know we've got a big facility here we've
got a lot of guys that know what they're
doing so it's more of a manufacturing
process here
this depart we're doing it at home comes
becomes much more difficult about 25 26
pounds but it's all me there's no bones
in it so you get a lot of food and we
made a couple like five years ago and
people started calling and it's
gradually grown and grown and grown now
we're making about 2025 during the
holiday season large parties yeah and
they don't want to do the legwork
because it's pretty labor-intensive you
got to kind of know what you're doing if
not you'll just butcher it you won't be
happy with the results
they'll probably pick them up Wednesday
cook them early Thursday morning please
stop taking them the week fryer just so
that we can make sure we have plenty cuz
we like I said we use fresh Birds so we
have to order them and get them all in
fresh and so we stopped taking orders on
Friday for this coming Wednesday so we
have about like I said 20 Birds so we
got to do there's always that one or two
or five people that say hey I forgot to
order at your dot gun or buddy there's
guest went home and they gotta have one
so we always make five or six extra just
like that there's your turducken
hundred dollars at its finest I think
like I said it's a novelty of it
everybody wants to do a traditional
turkey and especially people they're
putting on big parties it looks really
nice you know it's like doing a crown
pork roast at Christmas it's an
attractive thing that's very unusual but
it's not so unusual that you're gonna
have problems with people evening