Jambo fellow dreamers in today's video I
have gotten requested to share with you
my pest repellent that I spray
throughout my house it's super easy I'm
using a Dollar Tree spray bottle you
guys can make this at home for like
literally Pennies on the dollar so
excited to share this with you it's
non-toxic safe to be around pets and
kids and it deodorizes your house at the
same time I mentioned this in
yesterday's video and I want to mention
it today to because I don't want you
guys to miss out my sister's friends
Morgan and Mike newbower are doing a
live free webinar on Thursday which is
tomorrow at 700 p.m. central Time which
is 8:00 p.m. Eastern 5:00 p.m. Pacific
and they're going to be talking about
how they got
$175,000 worth of debt paid off in 12
months without making any additional
extra income how is this possible I will
link the webinar Link in the description
bar below sign up it's completely free
you've got nothing to lose and we can
all learn from them I super excited and
I hope you guys are too okay let's make
some bug repellent so all you're going
to do is take a big spray bottle fill it
up with distilled water and then you're
going to add essential oils the most
important essential oil is peppermint
essential oil you need 20 drops of
peppermint you can stop there if you
want or you can add 15 drops of lavender
and 15 drops of cinnamon as well which
is what I'm doing and it helps to tone
down the peppermint scent a little bit
plus it covers flying insects as well so
this should repel ants mice moles
spiders flies mosquitoes all sorts Shake
It Up and spray it around your door Fram
spray it around windows air vents it'll
scent your home and it'll keep the pests
out as well I've used it all spring and
it's worked really nicely for
me thank you guys so so much for hanging
out with me today if you haven't already
and you'd like to hit that button down
below subscribe so you never miss a
daily Dreamland video kiss someone you
love today and I will see you all
tomorrow
ciao