hey everyone in today's video we're
gonna learn how to make blue from
Jurassic world so I've got some Ranchos
modeling paste and we're just gonna make
a rough shape of the head sort of
similar to a fat teardrop shape it needs
to be bigger at one side than the other
and we're going to use our thumbs just
to push in some rough eye-sockets
it doesn't have to be too neat because
we are going to add on to this later on
I've got one of my little boys toys and
I'm just using that for a rough guide
and I've also got a picture on my phone
that I keep looking to so once you've
got the rough shared with the eye
sockets in there just smooth over any
areas and making sure that you really
push those eye sockets back to create
sort of like a brow and then we're just
going to use the scribe a needle and
we're just gonna put the mouth in now
the mouth is quite low to the bottom of
the jar and you will need to keep
touching this up as we're working on the
face so just do a rough line and then we
kind of want the bottom jar to just come
in slightly from the the top of the head
so just pushing that in place with our
fingers again like I said you will need
to keep going over that area so I'm just
gonna go with a bowling tool into the
eye sockets and we're just gonna push
back and up it's really important that
you do allow the head to dry at least
overnight before you start working on
the other details because we're going to
be blending in fondant into it and we
don't want it to push out a ship so I'm
actually applying some nostrils here I
do go over these later on in the video
just because when I was putting him when
I was putting it together it didn't look
like it was far enough out I've just got
a piping nozzle here usually usually
used for like royal icing and I'm just
gonna go over the entire head just
making little indentations you don't
to be too neat with this it is just
gonna be rough markings so once you've
gone ahead and covered the full head
well they're just going to make some
little indentations on the top lip and
on the bottom lip now these are just
really light touches with the scribe a
needle you won't see them too much at
the minute but once the dust saw run
later itself brings in it adds to the
markings that are on the face so just
taking care to pull the lip down
slightly and we're just going to pinch
it together a little bit because we kind
of want it to curl around slightly just
making sure that you don't push into the
eye sockets too much so you can see I've
just made it really thin and then I'm
pushing it back up and then just
redefining the lines across the mouth if
you need to now I've allowed this to dry
overnight and then now what we're going
to do is we're going to go on and add
the additional features so the first
feature that we're going to add is we're
going to have add the bottom of the jar
so I've just got one of my modeling
tools and I'm just smoothing in that
area now whenever you're adding pieces
on like this be sure that the piece
you're adding on is a rough size and
shape as to what you actually need and
then that way when you are placing it on
the lines that are made from the join in
kind of can be made to look quite
natural so I've sped this up quite a bit
because it did take a while just to sort
of blend in that line and then you will
just have to redraw in the little bit of
the mouth to try and get this ship just
using one piece of modeling paste
without adding any extra in it would
take quite a while again just making
sure that the bottom jaw comes in
slightly from the top jaw and then just
smoothing over the lines re going over
the mouth if need be
remember to put in those little lines
that we did before so once you're happy
with the shape of the bottom jaw we're
gonna go on and just make those same
markings that we made before so just
using the piping nozzle and making sure
that you kind of join it onto the the
drawings that you've made if you put
some of the piping nozzle onto there as
well that'll hide some of the joint if
you've still got a visible join so just
making sure that you blend in underneath
the chin as well because part of that
will be visible and then we're just
gonna work on the eye so just a small
flat ball again don't worry about this
because we're gonna go in and amend that
so I'm just putting in a little bit of
water and I'm pushing the lips up just
to make sure that they touch and then
we're gonna paint the eye so I've got
some sugar flour honey gold and I'm
gonna color the full eye in this color
and then once I've got quite a nice
shade of that you don't want it too
light and you don't want it too dark but
then I've actually got some khaki green
and we're just gonna go around the edge
of the eye and then we're gonna pull
that color in so pen the color around
the edge of the eye dry off your brush
and clean it and then pull that color in
from the outside to the middle now if
you look at these dinosaur eyes they
have a line that goes through the middle
that makes it lighter
so once we've pulled this color in we're
then going to clean the brush again and
we're going to take that line out in the
middle so just if you've got it too dark
or there's too much on there just add a
little bit of water to you brush and
you'll be able to pull that off just
have a little bit of tissue nearby so
you can just wipe your brush on the
tissue so you can see I've just got a
clean brush and I'm just pulling that
line up and down
and then pulling the color away from
where I've just cleaned and we're gonna
clean color this in black but the black
is not going to take up the whole of
this color that we've taken off because
we want there to be sort of like a light
ring around where the black is again it
doesn't matter too much if you've put
too much color on you can't just rego
over it and if you like me you'll be
heavy-handed so you will need to rego
over the area at the bottom of the chin
just with your nozzle so this is what it
looks like from the back and we need to
build that side up at the other side
once you've done that and painted the
other eye this side should be dry so
again we're just going to create that
line needs to be thin at the top and
thin at the bottom and sort of bulging
out on the sides and I had quite a few
pictures of blue and on one of the eyes
he kind of has a dip that goes in so I
just pushed that dip pin it all black
that line and then just take a brush and
just dip that in slightly so she also
had some darker areas in the eye of just
like little kind of lines so I took some
of the chestnut color and I just pin it
those on slightly so just little soft
like wavy lines just really added to the
detail and made the eye look a little
bit more realistic and reptile-like so
once you've done this side you can go
ahead and pin the other side and then
we're just gonna go and fill around the
eye so we're going to do the lower lid
the upper lid and then some extra
detailing on the head so if you roll in
a sausage shape this comes to a point on
one side and then just wet underneath
the eye a little bit and you're just
gonna push that into place now again it
doesn't have to be - nique so we're
gonna go in and blend all that area in
so I've just got my van at all there's a
wider kind of Dresden tool on one side
and we're just gonna use that and then
the other small address stand tall just
to blend in that line underneath you
want there to still be a lip to show
that obviously that he's got she's got
the bit underneath the eye but you want
the actual join to be blended in and not
visible and once we've done that we're
gonna go ahead and do exactly the same
but we're just going to do it for the
top of the eye so again just a little
bit of water this one might be a little
bit tricky because remember at the
beginning we pulled out the top just for
the top of the eye it can be a little
bit tricky just to get in there so using
the smaller end of your Dresden tool if
need be and you just pushing in and pull
in and smooth in that area over be
careful not to make the eyes become too
close do you want them to be quite open
if they do come down a little bit when
you're pushing to try and get in and
blend in that line you can just lift the
area up around the eye just to make it a
little bit bigger so we're gonna create
that bit at the top that I was talking
about before so again a really similar
shape this time it needs to be thicker
and the end needs to get a bit fatter
and we're just gonna put a little bit of
water where we need it to stick now be
really careful not to get too much water
everywhere because when it comes to
Dustin that dust is going to cling to
that area and it's not going to look as
natural it's going to look a bit
different from everything else once
you've got the rough shear we're going
to blend in the bottom again just hide
in that line and we're going to do the
same for the other side so once you're
happy with the blend and the shape of
the eye I'm going to use our scribe
needle and just create a little slit and
some really thin lines and notice from
some of the pictures of blue that she
had sort of like a scar in one of her
eyes
and we're just gonna draw some sort of
really soft markings around the eyes to
sort of recreate creases in the eyelids
and again just going over with that
piping nozzle just to create the same
lines so now we're going to smooth in
the inner side so you want to be
pressing down and pulling towards the
middle of the head so you can see there
I'm pressing down and pull in and then
just smoothing it off with my finger and
re going over it with that tip next
we're going to go on and just add some
whites in the eye so I've got some of
this sugar flour white powder you just
mix it with a little bit of water and
just going to draw on some tiny little
reflectors of lie in the eye doesn't
need to be too big this is what you
should have so far so this is the bit I
mentioned at the beginning of the video
that I ended up covering over cuz I felt
the nerves needed to just come down and
be in a different bit of a shape so same
processes before we're just gonna push
that on with the modeling tools and push
back to blend in that line now if it is
easier for you you can use a tiny little
bit of water just to going up around the
edges but it has to be just a tiny
little bit of water so that the fondant
you're pulling over is dry alternatively
if you get some cling film put in some
of your modelling paste and then just
tie it up just twist the end and then
just rub that over it heats up and it
blends in the line and it saves you from
putting water on there and then we're
just gonna use a scrubber needle just
two little lines in for the nose next
we're gonna work on the body so we're
gonna take our modelling paste again
roll a ball and then roll that into a
cone and just flatten off the bottom
there
and just check for the size of the head
now we want to bend it if you look at
the body we're gonna bend it just get in
our our off share pin so there's the
bend and then we're just gonna check
that for size against the body now you
can see there that I've cut it out the
wrong angle and the head is looking down
so when you cut in this time you want to
cut an alternative angle and that's
going to give the head a look like it's
coming up now this is gonna be sat
inside an egg hopefully for my son's
fifth birthday so I kind of wanted him
to be peeking up out of the head so I've
pushed my excess down and trimmed it off
and then we're gonna go ahead and create
I'm not sure what you would really call
this bit but he's kind of got like a
lumpy bit on the back of his head
so sausage here keeping it a point in
the middle and pulling down the sides
again it doesn't have to be - nique so
we're gonna blend that in check that it
goes over the neck at the back you may
need to trim it off if you've made it a
little bit too big like I did kind of
wants to come to quite a point at the
top and we're just gonna stick that on
with a little bit of water
so once you've trimmed it to side to
size any happy with the position we're
going to secure the head with two
cocktail sticks so the cocktail sticks
are just dipped in water and then dipped
in the body you want one at the front
one at the top and just a little bit of
water and then we're just going to
attach the head now this is actually
going to be quite sturdy by the time
that we've added the additional fondant
around the neck so taking our modeling
tool we're going to blend in that
neckline because we don't want that to
be visible and then we're going to add
on that bit at the back
so just pushing it into place there's a
little bit of water on there so it
should stick quite well and we're just
gonna blend in that area around the
joins now with your modeling tool should
be fine if you're struggling with your
modeling tool you can use the cling film
method that I showed you
once it's done we're going to mark in
some lines first sort of like the
creases in the neck so just being
careful to go down one side and then
trying to match those up with the other
I'm just going through the top so you
can see I'm just starting to pull down
and into the neck groove as I get lower
and then going over with some lighter
lines at the top and then again going
over with your tip now you could stipple
that with a paintbrush if you wanted to
I just felt that this gave a better kind
of look for the kind of texture that
were going for so we're going to cover
the body in all of the tip and a few
lines across the stomach pinching it
together a little bit she kind of not
wanted to come to a point but you kind
of want to you know if for it to come
together a little bit and then we're
going to make a little bit for the neck
so sausage and trim flatten it at one
side and then trimming off the excess
and this is all about just kind of
pushing it into shapes I've made like a
boomerang shape and I'm just trimming
off any excess and we're just gonna
stick that so it joins on from the
underneath the chin into self at the
middle of the neck same method as before
tiny a little bit of water to attach and
just pulling it out a little bit because
it needs to be quite thin in the middle
so tiny little bit of water to attach
and then we're just going to blending
those lines the same way that we've done
before so just pulling out and away from
the middle
using the cling film if you need it to
join in better and pulling it up towards
the middle of the chin so again just
marking in some areas that we've move
touched and sort of blended out a little
bit and we're just gonna add in some
extra bits underneath the chin this is
just gonna hide that joy in a little bit
and just make it look a bit more natural
and we're gonna do this for both sides
of the neck you want it to look as
natural as possible so we don't want to
see any joins we don't want to see any
creases we don't want to see any dips
we're using that area just to fill out
that neck bit and again to the other
side using exactly the same method
pulling out and aware once you've got
all these areas blended in we're going
to cut some really tiny little dots and
we're gonna flat roll these into circles
and flatten them and then we're just
gonna stick them at the top of the head
just for a little bit of texture now
we've got some flat circles that will
stick in clusters sort of where the join
is at the top and then down throughout
the neck we kind of want to make some
tiny triangles and they're gonna stick
on in sections and down that middle part
of the of the head so just place these
wherever and make sure you're pushing
them on properly and you can see there
that I'm just putting on the little
triangles and blending in that area I
think I put about four maybe five of
these on the neck just blending it in
you blending it in because when it comes
to dusting you don't want to knock them
off and just really go over the area
with the nozzle so when it came to
Dustin I've sped this up quite a bit
because the Dustin did take me for quite
a while to do but I've got cream I've
got brown I've got yellow cream Brown
and then I've got a Cornish cream and
white so these areas you're just gonna
pull together some of the colors
want it to be too dark so just a tiny
little bit of the brown if you need it
and we're just gonna do the center of
the chest around the lips and then some
highlights is in the areas at the top of
the eyes do my best advice I hate the
stink so I always get it wrong do not be
too heavy with it we're gonna add a
layer to this after we finished to give
it that shine and the shine can change
the color quite dramatically if it's too
heavy so you can see I'm just applying
the light colors just to those areas and
now I've got some eucalyptus I've got Y
and I've got black and I'm just pinning
over like Justin over basically like the
rest of the head taking care to apply
dark areas to the folds or around the
eye sockets are a little bit in the
mouth it's just all about trying to get
that turn so would how it would
naturally look so try not to be too
heavy-handed you will dust over your
eyes a little bit but we're just going
to add a little bit of confectioner's
glaze that will get rid of that anywhere
be careful that when you're coming
around the mouth and you're coming to
the point of the nose and even when
you're going around the stomach area
that you're not dusting this dark color
over those areas because it will cover
it and then it's really hard to get it
back once you've done that so you can
see I've got a smaller brush and I'm
just concentrating on there in between
the lips and around the eye area just to
make it a little bit darker I've also
added in a little bit of brown and I'm
just basically pulling all the colors
together and just mixing them together
to get a similar kind of shared as to
what the dinosaur was so once you've
dusted we're gonna go in and paint the
blue line that she has I've just got
some royal blue in the sugar flare and
I've got a picture of blue up and I'm
just copying a rough outline of what
she actually has on so I always start
off to do a rough line outline first and
then we're just going to go in and cover
those areas up so on one side of her
face the blue line comes around the top
of the eye and then it goes down the
body on the other side of the face it
comes it's off so that's just a little
bit lower down below the eye and goes
down the side of her body so I'm just
literally adding a little bit of water
and just blending it in just coloring in
the outline that I've made I would
advise leaving this to dry and I'm just
such an impatient worker that I couldn't
wait for it to dry before I did anything
else I ended up getting blue all over my
hands so you'll notice that I've just
done kind of like a rough outline and
for the main body and then I'm gonna go
back in and add little markers to make
it so it's not so much of a straight
line and little dots trying to copy the
picture as best as I can and then we're
just gonna do the same for the other
side but a game remember acid it doesn't
start up around our eye so you can see
I've started below sort of like to the
side of a Ryan little bit and again just
drawing out a rough outline add in a
little bit of water and then just color
in that section in so next we need to go
for the white so again just the sugar
flower powder I've got with a little bit
of water I find this better than the
actual white pin and we're just going to
pin around the blue that we've drawn on
its again it doesn't have to be too neat
doesn't have to be straight because it's
not that way in the film
again if you'd elect the blue dry you
can see some of my areas have gone a bit
of a light blue where the white and the
blue of mixed but I think adds to the
effect really and then once you've done
one side we'll go ahead and do the other
again the same method as before just
pinning around now for my dusted pieces
usually something like this he kind of
she kind of has a bit of a wet look to
her
confectioner's glares I don't like the
spray always ruins everything so I just
used Trek's
there's a little bit of Trek's on your
table and just applying it to those
areas not the painted ones just the
dusted ones and just working your way
around I'm sorry about the angle but I
couldn't pick it up because it gets
everywhere
but once you've finished you should have
something like this I hope you enjoyed
today's tutorial guys if you did please
click the like button down below and
leave a comment if you'd like to see any
more of my tutorials please click the
links on the screen now thank you