here I have some fun
top of it you look closely you can see
that there's
stitch all the way around this is what
we call raw edge applique or it also can
be known as a fusible web applicable
adhesive to the back of the fabric and
then we are knit onto this fabric and
then we go around and stitch all the way
around it to do two different things one
to give it a little decorative edge like
you see right there with a small zigzag
stitch and also just to make sure that
it's permanently adhered to the fabric
even though the fusible web is pretty
reliable we want to make sure that the
edges don't lift up in order to complete
this ticking we need some paperback
fusible web I buy it on the bolt at
jo-ann fabrics when it's on sale this is
what it comes in comes in a bolt like
this you can buy it by the yard you
don't have to buy the entire bolt like I
did but you can see here the brand is
pellon this is the one that I recommend
what I find to be the best and then this
is actually called wonder under and then
different brand names and different
stores will have it under different
names
just look for something that has it paid
for back it's almost like a parchment
paper feeling on the back of it and now
the other side you feel like a really
thin adhesive that is going to melt and
that's what sticks the fabric after you
hit it with a hot iron
so this raw edge or fusible applique
technique is really simple here are the
few things that you're going to need I
have a pair of scissors something to
write with the two pieces of fabric the
one that's going to be the bottom and
then the one that you want to make the
applique of this one's actually going to
go on top of that one
then I have the piece of the paperback
feasible width that we talked about
earlier and then I have a small iron
here let's get started
so the first thing you need to do is
come up with your design or trace
something that you already have you
might have a heart image or a circle
whatever it may be or you can just write
on the actual paperback feasible web
yourself make sure that you're writing
on the actual paper side like the
parchment paper feeling side is the
other side remember I said has the
adhesive if you want to write on the
paper side now the one thing you need to
keep in mind is that whatever you trace
or draw on here is going to be fused
onto your fabric in the reverse that the
mirror image of it so if I were to cut
out the letter e and block letter I'll
give you an example like this if I do
this like this on my paperback fusible
web what's going to have one this gets
fused down is that its actual
going to display this way and that's not
what I want so in order for me to get
the correct side of the letter e I'd
have to write it on here backwards ok
that's simple enough now what I'm
actually going to do here and when
you're starting off as a beginner you
want to use images that don't doesn't
matter whether it's the right or the
wrong side so I'm just going to draw a
circle for you
roughly trying to do this with one hand
okay like that this is going to be my
applique piece I've drawn my circle on
the paper backside now the next thing I
need to do is cut it out of here you can
see I've cut it out and I don't cut
exactly on the line just yet I just want
to give it a little bit of a space so I
make sure that I'm getting my entire
image now the next thing you need to do
is grab the fabric that you want your
applique to be which is this one we set
so I want to put a big circle of this
fabric on this fabric okay so here's my
applicator and what you're going to do
with this remember it's feasible so
you're going to adhere it to the wrong
side of the fabric okay so I'm turning
my fabric over and then with the tray
side and the paper side facing you
you're going to put it on the fabric and
then fuse it in place this actual
fusible web requires that I hit it with
a hot dry iron so you want to make sure
that you read the manufacturer's
instructions okay but some require steam
some don't this one just requires a hot
iron and don't worry the irons not on
I'm not rectified cutting mat I've used
my circle down onto my fabric as you can
see it's completely fused into place and
now I'm going to take my little pair of
scissors and I'm going to cut it out now
on the traced line so here's my circle
that's been cut out the next thing you
have to do is now you remove the paper
back what I like to do is just take the
edge of it like this and roll it back
until it kind of separates just like
that and peel it back all the way now
what I'm left with is basically an
iron-on image here I have the pretty
side of my fabric which is correct and
on the back I have that feasible weft
now you just place your applique piece
wherever it is on the piece of fabric
that you want it you put it right there
and then you hit it again
with the hot dry iron
here you see my piece has been fused you
see it doesn't come apart and then even
though the feasible web is pretty
permanent there if it's going to be on a
piece of clothing that you're going to
be washing and drying a lot you want to
go ahead like I showed you earlier like
you see here on this heart and just go
with a really small zigzag stitch all
the way around if you have any other
decorative stitches on your machine feel
free to use them here that would really
not add a nice decorative edge and if
you don't maybe you just have a straight
stitch machine
you can still go ahead and straight
stitch along the edge what you will get
is after a lot of washing and drawing
it'll fray a little bit on the edges but
that's a different look if you want to
add a little bit more texture to your
applique piece and that's it we're all
done that's all there is to doing the
fusible web and the raw edge applique