burn your expectations in the fire el
fuego de vida anyway
[Music]
boom how we cook our lunch
[Music]
great day of farmers work done and
there's a church-like community center
across the street I guess that does
events sporadically and there's a dude
from California who is giving free
chiropractic work to the people in the
community here the church community
members as like a mission trip like a
Christian giving back trip you know on
this channel you hear me all the time
criticize the how ridiculous I think it
is to believe in ideologies that are
written in a book and just take that for
truth when there's no scientific
evidence for it and I critique religion
and other ways but here's an invest ants
where religion is a great thing where
people are gonna donate their time and
travel to a foreign country of people
who don't have enough money to get
services like chiropractic work and come
and offer their time for a weekend that
is amazing and if religion inspires you
to do that I'm a big fan so again when I
criticize something it's not a
black-and-white situation when I see
something wrong I'll criticize it and
then if there's another side of the
story that I have to also report on
based on the things that I see in the
world I shall report on it and this is a
great thing so I'm gonna go get some
chiropractic they said that we could
come on over to the guys came over so
sweet
Oh
do it yeah give us an introduction tell
us what you're all about why why you
came here to call Annette to come and
help and serve the people hey hey guys
doing things dr. Bruce and Bruce
McMorris butts in for dr. Bruce got to :
ed I work with a lot of churches and the
missionary groups and just so you know I
applied to care and helped out with
different kinds of Christian outreaches
and the mayor organizations here but
came out today and we've been treating
in different areas so now it's not your
time so uh how many times have you been
to Mexico doing this Wow
over how many years incredible so have
you built some relationships with people
down here that are like true friends
yeah people are just so giving here
right no it's my experience too and is
this your passion is a part of a bigger
organization like is your passion to
give chiropractic care like to people in
need and they need it like where I'm
working and living right now you know
with tree know someone who's a local
here and lives here the kind of work he
has to do because of the resources that
we're dealing with I mean it is labor
that is not good for the body just
constant walking back and forth bending
over picking things up that's what a lot
of the work down here is her people and
I bet they had no idea after probably a
few sessions with you that their body
could feel that good you know all right
so what do you think we're gonna do
today what do I need as a full-time
bicyclist and someone who's been working
on this farm my body is probably pretty
jacked up yeah so so I'm looking forward
to this we're gonna tune you we're gonna
see if we can help you add to what
you're doing
so incredible what you're doing where
you're talking about psycho Mike Josh's
I actually just met a dude who was just
on the road who's on a bike tour as well
he's been on some really epic trips -
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Treena found me a large cup because I
needed it to drink my smoothies it's an
ampm cup designed for sodas we're
drinking banana orange mango smoothies
I'm going to turn this into
oh well you know what this means
yep we decided to leave the farm down to
a big argument today you gotta go we're
heading south just kidding had to throw
in some drama in the vlog to make things
exciting we're just headed to the
grocery store and the market and I have
to go get money out of the ATM so we're
headed on a trip into town who buy by
the look of that buy those closed eyes
are you ready to run about 6 miles in
total there I'm back or 7 Maggie I hope
you're ready let's go
[Music]
went on like 87 grow too old to ride a
bike I'll get a motorcycle then maybe my
patreon would be big enough by then
survival
nice ride
[Music]
which I will cut they Louise
[Music]
 I love riding my bike today while
we were working this morning Torino and
I I stopped a cyclist that was heading
north I saw him on the road and we ended
up talking for about 30 minutes
his name is Eric I'll link his stuff
below and he has ridden he was
40-something years old he's ridden India
England to Singapore like through Iran
and stuff like that I said that was his
favorite country he's like through his
Iran and he's done India he's done and
now he's going up to San Francisco he
started in down in Brazil and his
bicycle was an aluminum frame and I
you not instead of having a metal chain
like you would think every bicycle has
he had a plastic or rubber belt like a
tractor you see on the side of the road
you know moving sand or something you
know those like belts that acts as a
wheel or that acts as a chain his was
like a chain but made of rubber and you
never have to grease it and is gearing
instead of having a derailleur and
having a cassette the gearing is inside
of the hub so inside of this thing
that's what his gearing is so you
essentially camp if you break your
gearing you're screwed because you can't
fix it it's inside the metal hub but you
never have to clean your chain your
chain can't break and you don't have to
clean your gears and it probably never
skips because it's all that internal hub
so I just learned so many so this guy
was a legend he's ridden most of the
world and I got to talk to him for like
30 minutes so cool he says he hasn't
seen many cyclists he said I'm just
looking he's like dude you have so much
to look forward to it's remote it's
beautiful and Baja as you go south he
said I'll hit a few days in the center
of Baja where I probably won't be able
to buy anything Alaska style for a few
days
Stoke
for that oh good vibes he was so cool
and then I saw a bunch of motorcyclists
today in town there's so many
motorcyclists who do this trip to not
only cyclists all in all great vibes
headed back home to chill make dinner
and I'm a blessed spirit that lives on
this world and I'm so grateful to be
alive and I love my life go out an
adventure if life feels stale I promise
it's not the best embodiment of life for
you life for me feels so amazing and
open and vast and so many opportunities
and it's just me it's not like I have
too much that I'm working with it's just
me but I put myself in the right
situations and I don't fear and my life
is beautiful so if you don't feel that
freedom you gotta change something got a
change in attitude or maybe change the
people you surround yourself work with a
job that you have if it's not serving
you because the world can be full of
magic and you can even make money on it
too because I'm doing it so you can do
it I promise just keep on trucking
[Music]
just got back from the grocery store and
it's been many years my friends yes
puntos de Sousa pros say they seamless
East is una semana see tenemos una
semana de Partie una vida typical place
you know they may get cooked in a Pina
today's una piña fresca because
completamente in a mango in Reds cuatro
mangos et need those into the SU car if
the race cuchara does the devil would
doesn't matter of fact Ishimoto lo que
que que de la de dooda dooda dooda a
yeast como su the core that's easy
so about a week ago we made this with
water for mangos a pineapple yeast and
some sugar and we let it just ferment
the top exploded like five times so it's
pretty much like brewing boots without a
Scobie and we put some like lemon and
salt on there
alright time time for me to have a
afternoon cocktail whoa into Sundays
this is birthday si es bien
mmm lemon it's actually really good move
[Music]
your ass Amy famosa salsa con tomate a
mango cilantro so boy al-eman poquito
sol é que oh no no garlic no ihola
nested Savoia servo you know ii me
Cinna is Papa plátano in a mint a dos
semanas you no homo nada platano as soon
miss me terribly para la Mercado DNA
trace Platanos no mas a small C yes okay
somewhere very new webinar no palace
si si no palace nobody here is know we
need more power
no okay see the truth necesitan was
plant our fan Thomas C pronto para King
on the star is the herbalist ivamos upon
your nose tantos c0 nopales eat camote
as soon perfecto Haseena
muchos Gracias todas las personas Ming
kan de nosotros n cantamos
who stays I don't know if I say things
right Cheers
lost our las olas our cottage los
aguacate sin Mexico Sun when Nissim Oh
todos los tiempos and much love dream
extreme and so excited to get in bed and
cuddle right now wow you are very
friendly
[Music]