hey guys doing again is just a basic
t-shirt size and today I'm going to show
you guys how I did this 3 color design
with two colors originally I wasn't
going to record this but I had to pull
out all the stops because I was out of
almost out of red alright so the first
thing I want to say is if you go back to
how to get the that extra inch out of
your key press final I had to do that
here alright but I had to think outside
the box because if I would have printed
one so I printed in this play so just
print it out right I have to turn it
over alright and then that these holes
would overlap each other and cut each
other out so what I had to do it if you
guys are going to put this little part
on as a separate video I have to print
one side so I had to print this side
it's just the way you would see it on
silhouette alright then I had to rotate
it 180 degrees and print it this way so
that these ones were at the top now
because that way the faces would be
close together and the horns with no
relax all right now the good thing about
hot peel vinyl if you can quickly do a
two color print I already had my shirt
lined up just as for the sake of saving
tiny doll I like to keep my video as
short sweet and to the point
alright so I'm going to go ahead and I
don't know if I mentioned this but I did
this 3 color design with two colors
alright and I'll talk to you guys about
that as I press listen so I'm going to
go ahead and press my first color
alright I'm on a black shirt that's the
hint lecture I'm going to press my white
one
all right as a mama white hard work sets
my station screw it I'm only going to
press it all right this is existing
because once you tax down I can fuel
fully apply the grass with my second
color here alright so that looks good
with cold - I'll have to take this off
put it over there leave it over there do
my next shirt and then come back and put
on a second red zone but I can leave it
right on the pallet here alright and
then line it up exactly where I want it
because it's hot to do our tactics with
six seconds which was lined up nice and
pretty looking alright I'm going to
apply this because a little bit of my
choice for my final was not covered
right now
the trick was doing a nice interesting
design may be three colors I had add
another card bottom good that I've been
on three colors at 2:33 per color I've
been at $6.99 and one across I saved two
dollars to keep two dollars in my pocket
two thousand three percent sunny in my
pocket by allowing the shirt color to be
the where the black liner would be now
in the pendulum design of course but if
it's broken up away this is alright as
you can see let me walk up closer as you
can see you know all of this black
inside that's inside of the white would
have been black vinyl but I know a
little bit about design so I know I can
make that shirt color because he was
going on a black shirt and now he has a
nice three colors not designed that I
think of myself mm 33 cents in profit on
alright by allowing that shirt color to
come through and completing this design
all right so that's something that you
guys can look at all right it would have
been a to code now normally we would
screen for at least I wouldn't even try
to do it environment but it's only seven
shirts with that being said seven shirts
on a three color where you got to set up
three screens got burn three screens
coat three burn three lineup three you
know that it took so much time and setup
as far as that goes so I went ahead and
say you know what
whatever I was gonna be in front back
actually button showing before which
back just when that names the numbers so
let me go ahead and do it a vital but
what color search is going to give you
the black eye step perfect I'll do it in
two colors all right so right now I'm at
460 16 calls plus a dollar what are
these a dollar eighty um so that's it
five about six sixty or something I'm
rough man alright I'm about seven
dollars in cost here I'm gonna add it
back for another two thirty three and
it'll be at basically ten dollars in
cost and therefore this shirt ourselves
who are probably thirty dollars a piece
or maybe 35 depend on how I'm feeling
maybe thirty thirty-five dollars because
I hide the back I usually charge tempted
back alright but this would be a 25 out
of four all right so with that being
said and I'm going to make fifteen to
twenty dollars per shirt alright and
it's going to take me maybe three hours
to do it and I got seven shirts maybe
three hours from tripping or maybe two
hours to do it
all the things are cutting took them an
hour compress these up real quick
alright this been stabbed banks from
t-shirts offices getting my silos alone
happy print