this is dr. Andrew Jones in this edition
of energy Secrets we're going to be
talking about dog pain the signs the
causes along with the safe and effective
remedies that you can use at home
so if you suspect your dog is in pain
the first thing you want to start out
with is having a basic veterinary exam
either you're going to your veterinarian
or going to be performing the exam at
home yourself
for instance Lewis here he's been
limping on his front left leg and in
part what I've done is done a basic exam
of him you know I've started over by
palpating his toes I moved up the
palpate his wrist his Karpis found on
palpation that he was a little bit
tender on top hitting his elbow and I
sort of putting a little bit of pressure
especially in the inside for the elbow
he was resisting and it feels a little
bit thickened based on that and doing
that basic exam I mean that's his just
above him having some elbow arthritis
based on his age of being 11 1/2 years
I'd expect him to have some of that
signs of pain are often very subtle and
can be difficult to see your dog may be
reluctant to move to jump up or have
difficulty rising after lying down you
may tremble eat or drink less be
generally depressed or panting a lot
more there can be lameness pain on
palpation of a specific area of the body
an increase heart rate and breathing and
vocalization where your dog is yelping
or whining a lot there can be
behavioural changes such as being more
aggressive or the opposite just not
really reacting to being petted or
groomed the causes of pain and dogs can
be many but arthritis is at the top of
the list most dog earth Rytas is due to
joint wear and tear the loss of
protective cartilage and subsequent
joint inflammation and pain and this be
seen in this x-ray where this dog has
hip dysplasia there can be back
disorders such as spondylosis where the
vertebrae fuses disc disease and pinched
nerves there your dog may have chronic
allergies with inflamed skin which can
cause irritation and that can be very
painful dog cancer can affect the bones
the skin the organs and it has many
signs but one of them is being very
painful and then there can be dental
disorders such as a to treat abscess and
it can be very painful
so if your dog has a more chronic
conditions such as arthritis
I would suggest used some of the safer
home remedies before use the more potent
conventional veterinary drugs
glucosamine MSM chondroitin and
essential fatty acids glucosamine
chondroitin MSM and essential fatty
acids are the four most important
ingredients that you should have in any
type of supplement it is helping your
dog specifically with arthritis and
chronic pain in terms of looking at the
doses you want to have 100 milligrams
per 10 pounds daily of glucosamine a
minimum of 50 milligrams per 10 pounds
daily of chondroitin and 100 milligrams
per 10 pounds daily of MSM I have those
similar levels in my supplement the
ultimate canine health formula you can
find those in many specific arthritic
supplements for dogs I also want to
reiterate the importance of having
adequate levels of essential fatty acids
in your dog's diet when you're looking
at a dose you want to make sure that
you're giving a thousand milligrams for
10 pounds daily mean so here is just
very inexpensive flocks oil that I
picked up at the co-op and when you're
looking at a dose you're looking at one
tablespoon for forty to fifty pounds of
body weight of dog daily arnica is used
for trauma sudden pain including back
pain such as prolapsing discs and
spondylosis homeopathic remedies can be
very effective for pain relief in your
dog and more importantly they come
without any side effects
this here is arnica 30c and it is the
most important homeopathic and it's
readily available in terms of looking at
a dose I'm giving 130c capsule pretend
220 pounds of body weight that can be
given every one to two hours in any type
of acute pain arnica is also available
as a gel and in combination with other
homeopathics such as trommel the topical
cream is very beneficial for local areas
such as a painful knee the herb valerian
is the most helpful for sudden pain this
very effective herb is used to release
the muscle spasms that can be triggered
from a compressed disc the dose of the
tincture is 0.1 mils per 10 pounds given
twice daily aspirin is safe to use with
dogs but never with cats
the SA dose is 325 milligrams that's one
regular tablet for 40 pounds of body
weight given twice daily so you're
giving a quarter of a tablet to a 10
pound dog
if side effects are seen such as
diarrhea or vomiting then stop
you know I recommend that you use the
uncoated regular aspirin as the coated
aspirin can pass right through your pet
because if you're using aspirin if your
dog is underlying liver disease kidney
disease or is on any other veterinary
medications in those situations you need
to consult your veterinarian before
using aspirin acupressure is one of the
most overlooked options for alternative
forms of pain control I want to show you
two different points ones that I think
you're all able to use and they may
actually help your dog right now if your
dog is in pain so the first two points
are called the BL 60 the ki 3 point so
you want to find this wedding
it's webbing here in the back of your
dog's leg it's called the hawk so this
area this joint is called the hawk joint
and we're finding that flap of skin
that's in between this big tendon here
your dog's Achilles tendon and the bone
the tibia so and what you're doing so
the BL 60 point is also known as the
aspirin joint the aspirin point so you
have to put your thumb on there on me
that's on the outside of the flop and
the inside point is called the ki 3
point so you can put your thumb and
forefinger together and hold that point
you want to put enough pressure to dent
the skin but not too much pressure that
it's painful I just hold that for 30 to
60 seconds the next Healing Touch
technique I want to show you is massage
I'm going to show you three basic
massage techniques to start with in your
dog one is called effleurage and that's
pretty just warming up the muscles we're
doing these long slow strokes so it's
not uncommon for our dogs to have
painful back especially as they're
getting older and they can have some our
thread is in between their vertebrae
joints we're starting up by warming up
that back just these long slow strokes
if it's over your dog's hip is do those
slow strokes of your dog's hip we're
just trying to warm up those muscles
ellie's and the next thing I want you to
do is a technique called petrissage
that's where you're using almost like a
karate chop motion and we're doing that
over on either side of those big muscles
on on the either side of Louis's
vertebrae so we're warming up those big
back muscles called petrissage this also
works great on these big muscle bellies
they quads I'm over top of your dog's
hip chunks then the next technique I
want to show you is using your thumb
your thumb your forefinger and we're
making these circular motions this works
great we're dealing with these big back
muscles these big lumbar spinal muscles
I'm making these circular motions right
next to the vertebra putting moderate
pressure on these back muscles and then
if I find an area or there's almost feel
like a little bulge or a little knot in
that muscle belly that's more indicative
of enough muscle that is in some form of
spasm so what you want to do then is put
moderate pressure on that spasm area
hold that for 30 to 60 or seconds and
then release so those are three key
basic massage techniques that really can
help your dog if they're in pain thank
you for watching this edition of
veterinary secret what I want you to do
right now is click that link that link
in the box below and I'll send you my
free ebooks and videos on how to treat
your pet at home with my cop natural
remedies