I'm gonna make you a world with these
two hands today good enough memories and
laughs and all that I create I've thrown
enough birthday parties to know that
sometimes it's hard to find a perfect
accessories to fit your theme the good
news is you can design your own party
hats that will match your party
perfectly or provide the supplies and
have your guests create their own as
they arrive it's a fun activity that
will break the ice I've made a free
printable template that you can download
by clicking on the link in the video
description these hats need to be made
from cardstock you can print directly
onto the cardstock or print out a copy
paper and use that as a template I'll be
decorating my hats with Sakura's Jelly
Roll moonlight pens
I love these pens because they show up
well on dark paper which opens up a lot
of creative possibilities plus these
colors glow under a blacklight which is
a lot of fun for parties
you'll also need scotch tape and
double-sided tape I like to add fringe
with crepe paper streamers but that's
optional and you'll need elastic cord
which can be purchased for around a
dollar in the sewing notions section of
any store that sells fabric cut out
along the solid lines of the template
use jellyroll moonlight pens to draw
designs on the unprinted side of the
cardstock you'll notice a dotted line on
the printed side this shows the area
that will be overlapped once the hat is
taped so consider that when drawing your
design on this first hat I'm drawing
circles filled with a variety of
patterns your design can be as basic or
complex as you'd like on the second hat
I'm drawing simple polka dots
you
I think it's fun to add a little fringe
to these hats using crepe paper
streamers cut a piece that's about three
inches longer than your hat template
fold it in half lengthwise make small
slits along the unfolded edge to create
fringe add a border of double-sided tape
along the curved edge of the Hat don't
don't don't don't feel afraid to enemy
don't don't don't don't miss a chance to
be creative don't don't don't don't try
this setup unfold the crepe paper and
press the center of it along the tape
now let's add some fringe to the top
double piece of crepe paper so that it's
about five inches long make long
vertical slits on the unfolded edge add
a piece of double-sided tape by the
curved notch at top press the fold it
under the fringe to the tape
I like to roll my paper now so that it
bends more easily add double-sided tape
to the long straight edge on the
interior of the Hat then bring the two
edges together to meet make sure the
hole at top is closed before securing
ruffle the fringe along the bottom edge
finally we'll add elastic so that the
Hat won't fall off for adults you'll
need around 18 inches per hat for kids
around 12 if your each end to opposite
sides on the interior of the Hat using
scotch tape these would be adorable for
a baby's birthday photoshoot just be
sure to supervise little ones at all
times while they're wearing these hats
for more information about jellyroll
Moonlight pens check out my sponsor at
sakura of america comm for hundreds more
crafting tutorials plus the free
template visit my website at made by
marzipan calm
you