hello everybody I'm your produce guy and
today I'm gonna make a special treat for
you something that I grew up with and
really really loved it it's a great
worth rushing snack or lunch item and
that is a cucumber sandwich so let me
let me get started here we'll start with
a cucumber we're going to go ahead and
slice this up a little bit take the ends
off and then pull the peel back now this
cucumber sandwich is something my mom
would prepare for me my mom's from
England and so I don't know if this is a
specific English treat or not but I sure
do love it and I don't see it very many
places so you peel the cucumber it goes
off to the side there a bit and then we
do some decent thick slices all right
once you've got your cucumbers sliced
we're gonna lay them out here on a plate
now my mom used to throw them in a bowl
yeah let me show you what I'm doing but
I found it works a little bit better to
spread them out because we're gonna
treat them with a little bit of vinegar
I have some golden Masonic vinegar here
but really any any vinegar is gonna work
my mom used to used to just use apple
cider vinegar on our sandwiches but in
the bowl all the ones at the bottom kept
that vinegar with the plate here spritz
it out a little a little more evenly so
all right so we're gonna let those sit
in the vinegar we'll set those aside and
make a little room here on our cutting
board so I've got some I love this with
wheat bread and my daughter yesterday
baked this wonderful wonderful loaf of
wheat bread here so I've got this
homemade wheat bread that I'm going to
put this sandwich on so
couple of slices here gosh doesn't that
doesn't that just look great there and a
whole wheat Oh fresh fresh bread okay
there we are
alright a couple of slices of bread real
simple preparation from this point on
just some mayonnaise on that bread
I like to get both sides with that
spread that out our as our cucumbers or
marinated and have that vinegar all over
them that's uh you can leave these for a
little bit longer but I'm hungry right
now so I'm gonna take six slices of the
cucumber's right down to the sandwich
then freshly ground pepper a little bit
of salt and then something I've added
from my mom's preparation a little bit
of cayenne or ground red pepper either
one it just adds a little bit of a
little bit of spice to that
all right we just throw the lid on their
and that cucumber sandwich is done and
ready to eat so easy to make so
delicious loved it as a kid make him as
an adult okay so I hope I hope that you
enjoyed this treat that has come with me
from my childhood delicious delicious
sandwich
only way that's better is you let that
marinate a little bit longer in the in
the vinegar thanks so much for watching
with us today being here those of you
have subscribed thanks so much those of
you who haven't the buttons right up
above so hit that before you go and
follow us both on Facebook and Twitter
appreciate you watching and remember
always what produce guys says fresh is
best
you