this is a video about poinsettias and
how to make sure that they keep going
year after year now I've in the past
that many difficulties with poinsettias
I normally buy them in December at
Christmas time when they're in the shops
they look lovely the redblacks ready
Christmas you plant but as soon as
January come they're always leaves
always fell off and they just died on me
but this year I've had the opposite and
they asked a grown one and this is now
beginning of September and as you can
see it's really lush lovely green leaves
hopefully in the next few months it will
go red again ready for Christmas it's
just a couple of the red leaf you can
see lower down from that yeah stand
there after you more on this side but
generally it's all green now so what
happened with this one is I looked after
it in a astok not a very sunny position
it was fairly loads light levels it was
a north-facing window but kept fairly
warm I think one of the big issues as it
gets too cold but also people overwater
them and when you have at home is it
might well lose a lot of the leaves I
mean this one lost a lot of leaves and I
thought it was going the same way as all
my other ones but I kept it fairly dry
and just fab for the weight of it now I
did didn't give it a lot of water just
kept it slightly damp they dry out
between waterings and that seemed to do
the job also kept it quite warm so I
think they go below 15 degrees and it
seems to do a lot better than the last
year's then through January didn't do a
lot didn't lost a couple more leaves but
when it came to February March and the
light levels became better did finally
start to grow and as you can see here
I've fed it and it's really pushed out
I've got lots of lovely leaves so I
think if you want to look after your put
Sergio
make sure it's somewhere that gets some
quite a bit of bright light throughout
the throughout the day but not any
direct sunlight keep it quite dry and
it starts to grow again in the spring
and even if it looks like it's dying
just just bear with it and it might pull
through later on in the year obviously
if it goes Brown and brittle then then
it has died but even if it has lost all
the leaves and the stems are still green
this - the chance it might come back
so in spring when it starts to grow it
will be bit slow to begin with but then
it will start picking up as soon as it
starts putting on growth give it a
balanced feed to give it get it going
again sit up nice lush green foliage
like this if it's quite leggy which it
might be you can cut it down quite low
about here about 10 centimetres 4 inches
just to reinvigorate the plant and then
look at you can increase the watering
but I would never let it get wet and I'd
always let it dry out a little bit
between watering because it is quite
temperamental when it comes to over
watering and when it comes into autumn
if you're living in the northern if
you're doing far north then it's not an
issue with daylight it should
automatically turn red so what you'll
need to do is just keep it on a
windowsill that's fairly bright so it
has enough energy to keep growing and it
all as the night's get darker and longer
it will realize it's later in the year
and it will start to put on red foliage
let you see a winter and I'll have the
little tiny flowers if you're living
somewhere with bright street lamps or
artificial lights you will need to move
it somewhere that gets properly dark at
night because even if it's in if it's in
the living room or something and you
have your light on it in the evenings
that will be too much for it and it will
think it's still summer and it won't
turn red so I've got it in a in there in
a spare room actually so there's no
lights on there's no artificial lights
that go on in the evening just
occasionally have guests there but it's
not enough to make the plant think it's
summer so it just the only light gets is
is natural daylight and that should turn
it red so poinsettias they can be kept
for several years they are actually a
small tree or a large bush they will get
very large of enter them but you can
always prune them
that's my lovely healthy poinsettia
I've managed to keep for about a year
now