hey everybody i'm adrian bustamante from
youtube's food deconstructed and today
i'm going to show you how to get that
onion smell off your fingertips now an
old way that my grandmother used to
teach me when cutting onions or seeds
after cutting onions to get that smell
off your fingertips was to use a little
bit of lemon now you can do it one of
two ways either soak them in lemon which
i don't like to do or you can do it this
way now i'm going to roll the lemon just
a little bit to make sure that i get a
little bit extra juice out of it and
then i'm going to cut it right down the
middle
now you're going to get your half and
all you do is take your fingertips that
smell like onion
and just run it across the lemon
now i'd run it across for anywhere from
30 seconds to a minute to try and get
that smell off completely once you're
done with one side you can take the
other one
and keep rubbing and get a little thumb
in there as well
take your napkin dab them off
they should smell like lemon instead of
onions so i'm adrian bustamante and this
has been how to get that onion smell off
your fingertips