in this video we'll be looking at
solving a common problem with leaking
tiles due to MOS build up and broken
tongs hiding underneath the
tiles the worst offender being the
Marley modern or Redland stone wall type
tiles these tiles often come in two
sizes as for instance with the Redland
the easiest way to avoid buying the
wrong size is to just pop a tape measure
across the width of the tile the Redland
stonewold would be around 340 mm whereas
the mini Stone world would be around
300 here's the main corporate of leaks
moss in the joints because this style of
plain flat interlocking tile doesn't
have a raised joint with the adjoining
tiles unlike a lot of other designs it
has to be said the water cannot help but
dribble into the joins where it hits the
Moss this Moss then blocks the water
course and the water dribbles sideways
and into the roof
whilst jet washing the roof can prove
effective it tends not to clean the
second water channel of the interlocking
tile Propet if at all this reduces the
margin of error and also doesn't show up
any breaks to the waterproofing tongs
hidden underneath and we'll see more of
this later on in the video if the
property adjoins another make sure you
don't upset the neighbor by trampling
all over their roof or cleaning their
side without permission
on this project we'll be cleaning the
mossy til section closest to the
camera previously out of pure
coincidence we have cleaned the roof of
the property next door their neighbors
in turn have as you can see been sold a
new roof no doubt After experiencing the
same problem with Troublesome
leaks this is the section will'll be
cleaning today however approximately 50
m Square very laborious ious but very
effective the first place to start is of
course the top but unless you want to
take off the ridge tiles and rebed them
it's easier just to give the roof a good
scrape as the top of the roof logically
gets the least rainwater there's little
Merit in removing the ridge tiles unless
of course they're part of the job as you
can't physically knock up the first row
of tiles because they're filed by the
ridge tiles be sure to thoroughly clean
out the grooves with the pointing trout
or similar take your time and when the
top row of grooves are totally free of
moss you can move
on to gain access to the tases for
removal use the rubber grip of a hammer
and firmly jab the tiles upwards this
will allow you to Simply pick up the
tiles below for
cleaning as you take off the tiles you
will probably see hot spots of damage
either to the tiles the Tim L underneath
or to the felt itself obviously change
any broken tiles and repair any holes in
the felt especially if it's above a leak
that shows itself inside the
property damage to the timber La itself
often just comes down to a judgment call
if the timber is so rotten that the
tiles cannot be placed sensibly back
this will need replacement if however it
just looks damp this normally dries out
under its own accord once the roof is
fixed remember the roof covering is the
waterproofing not the felt underneath
now for the tile cleaning itself a
pointing Trail and a wire brush are very
effective here scrape the face if
necessary and the joints both male and
female then a quick wire brush to make
sure I find working with one tile
permanently missing creates a gap and
then popping them back as you go works
really well a word of warning though
there is no easy way to do this what you
are effectively doing is re-roofing the
entire roof with the existing tiles one
at a
time as you go along you'll probably
find breakages to the tongs that you
didn't know were there because they were
hidden by the covering tile the two most
common of these being the top brake
pictured here and the bottom
brake these combine with the Moss to
exaggerate the leaks even further once
all the tiles are good it's time to pull
down the tiles above I've found the
easiest way to pull the top row of tiles
down onto your newly cleaned row is to
use a flat pry bar and obviously this
gives you plenty of Leverage to adjust
the final position should you find the
gaps too large or too small and here we
are 1/3 of the way down the roof as you
can see the top third is a lot cleaner
now and some new tiles have been put in
to replace the
breakages if the roof is visible from
the floor it's a good practice to use
either reclaimed matching tiles if
available or swap matching tiles from
the gutter line at the bottom of the
roof so that Replacements aren't so
visible from street
level as this roof though is not visible
this has not been a concern in this case
well here we are at the end of this
project and here is the finished leak
free roof I've hope this video has
helped thanks for watching