all right today we're going to work on
um bitting a horse um this is Galilee
he's a young horse a three-year-old that
uh we bred here ourselves he's not been
bitted before um sometimes you know if
I've bred a horse myself I might
introduce the horse to being bridled
just as a 2-year-old um but he hasn't
and um most horses that come and
training the bridling will come as part
of uh being tacked up during the round
pin work but um today we're just going
to do the bridling
now um here we have a bridal it's a nice
solid Western type Bridal with snaps and
so I I like them because they're really
strong and and they don't break easily
got a a fairly simple unjointed but it's
apple flavored I think anyway it and
it's got full cheeks so that when you
come to driving and doing other work the
bits not likely to pull through their
mouth and uh to one side or the other so
U you don't really want Tech breaking on
when you're working with these
youngsters anyway so to start with
the round pin work the round pin work
may have um if you've done that already
it's usually useful to do first so you
get a horse that's standing still but he
stands still pretty well and he's been
handled a but but he's never been rled
so stand with your shoulder your right
shoulder under the throat ledge and hold
the horse over the nose Bridge of the
nose like this and I hold the bit Bridle
and I'll put the bit in front of the
horse and hold the cheek pieces like
this and spread them if you can see zoom
in on my hand you can see I'm spreading
the cheek pieces with my fingers and
then I take my hand and holding the the
bit in the in the across my fingers I'll
put it in front of his mouth and see my
thumb see he wants to bite stuff anyway
so he's already biting on it and I'll
stick my thumb into here now horses that
put their heads up you can see my thumb
I can put my thumb over the bread over
his corner of his mouth and into his
mouth to stop him from pulling his head
up and then just pull it over his head
and snug the the the ears through like
that
now and so you can see it's pretty new
to him and he's
um he's meling a little bit see it goes
over the brial over the hter quite
nicely now at the moment that's just
that's probably seated how you would
normally seat a bridal for a horse being
work or we're going to sit just for a
bitting a horse I like to sit it down in
the mouth a little bit so that it's not
it's not so low that it can spit it out
but it's but he has to mess with it a
little bit see how he's lifting it with
his tongue and he'll keep he'll keep
messing with that until he actually
holds it up in the corners of his mouth
and then when he starts doing that and
stops fussing quite so much you can go
ahead and shorten the Bridle up to a
more normal length where you see a few
wrinkles in it so I would normally do
this as part of the you know the initial
round pin work after we've got the horse
joining up and so on and he's coming to
you you then I would go ahead and put
the Bible on like
there you're good boy all right so I'm
going to take this off
again good so you can see I put my hand
over the bridge of the nose holding the
pole piece with my left hand I lift it
up put it in front of his mouth and you
can see like he's already reaching for
it all right and then holding the bit
across the my fingers and controlling
with my thumb and fingers put it near
his mouth holding the nose down with my
right hand Flip It Up
he says don't mess with my
ears B go and this is a horse that's not
been bridled before if you have a
problem with the horse putting his head
up and away from you especially you're a
really tall horse and you're not maybe
not so tall yourself you can put this
would be as if I had the BT in my mouth
and I put the thumb see here and I can
put it into the bottom of his mouth and
actually stop him from putting his head
out
see look at what control I've got there
what a good boy see most horses and
especially I mean the only thing he can
really do is shoot backwards and if that
happens then you can put them in a in an
area where you got a either a cross ties
or um I beg your pardon a a wash rack or
something where there's something behind
him to stop him from going back and then
you can just control him with your Thun
just like that
see he can't bite
you and he's being pretty
good all right so that's about it thank
you very much