hey guys and welcome to home style
Gourmet I'm D tonight it's Grandma's
homemade chicken salad in about 10
minutes a yummy chicken salad the first
thing you need is boneless skinless
chicken breasts so got these from the
store this particular package is
2.75
lbs and it's still going to need a
little bit of trimming this one looks
really good there's hardly any fat but
we're going to put this on the pan and
see how the chicken is really thick in
one point and really thin in another
that does not promote even cooking so
what I like to do is sort of trim them
up into more equal pieces before I lay
them out on the cookie sheet and that
produces actually quicker cooking time
these are really lean this is actually
very nicely trimmed like I don't feel
like I have to do a bunch of fat and
stuff but still always really fat at the
top and thinner at the bottom so you're
going to kind of cut in the middle so
this is is thinner already this is the
fat part and then I kind of just gently
go down the middle you know
carefully slowly and look it's like a
total butterfly super easy super cool
okay guys chicken is all cut up this is
what it's going to look like I like to
put a piece of uh aluminum foil on the
bottom of a cookie sheet I've got them
all laid out they're all like super
equal pieces and then before I put them
in the oven for
350° got to put another piece of foil on
top okay and then just go around and
sort of Tuck everybody in okay pentol in
it's not a super science if you know me
I'm not super exact so just tuck them in
doesn't have to be perfect Boop ready
350 oven it's going to be about 20
minutes after they come out I'm going to
Temp them with the thermometer and show
you how that goes okay
hey guys same cutting board same knife
but what you didn't see is that I
sanitized them with soapy hot water
after you're working with chicken or any
type of raw meat raw anything you got to
wash your cutting board okay so the next
thing we going to do is we're going to
finely chop onion this is a whole white
onion you can use yellow not red but
white or yellow or fine the first thing
I'm going to do is without even peeling
just chop him down the middle okay I
know Rachel Ray has that bowl her little
garbage Bowl so what I'm going to do is
have a b two now we have a little half
and it's so easy to just peel
away the outer skin the thing is like
people are like well when do I stop
peeling how do I know I don't
know I probably peel an extra layer off
because I don't know so just peel an
extra layer off cuz you don't know all
all right boom you're done so now cut
off the top cut off the bottom okay boom
it's ready to go but it can't go in the
food processor like this we got to trim
him down trim him down the
middle and make three even Cuts six
wedges and they go you guys if you don't
have a food processor you got to get one
it's not a big deal it's easy to clean
and man is it a lifesaver I love to have
my vegetables finally chopped my
mother-in-law taught me for this chicken
salad it's really important that your
onion and green pepper be finely chopped
it adds a whole different flavor level
to it so I'm going to show you how to
process it Boop they're all cut up we
just saw the
wedges right let puls
them okay so super fine and then into
the bowl
careful because the blade is super sharp
pepper time so we have chopped up this
great big daddy onion and so the store
only had what they had and so I think
I'm going to need like two mediums to
get the same yield as that big daddy
onion okay so here's how I do the green
pepper everything has been washed and
dried okay so what I do is go close to
the
top and Lop that Daddy off put it to the
side this one's even like short it's
just you just have to work it out you
know it's not that big of a deal if it's
not perfect so this guy like is a clean
piece so he's going in this guy's a
clean piece so this is what your green
pepper looks like on the inside that's
not good we got to pull it out with your
finger where's my
bowl and then usually there's a bunch of
seeds in there this doesn't have a lot
of seeds but there's a little bit of
membrane in there on the little edges
there that I just pull right out of
there I don't know if it matters if you
pull it out or not I just do and then
I'm just going to cut it up I'm just
going to it doesn't really matter how
we're just trying to wedge it up like we
did the onion because if you put too
much in the processor it's going to slow
him down and not do the thing so here's
all my one and 1 half inch chunks I
guess here we go okay so I can do that
whole one in the processor at one time
no sweat
close close
close sometimes with the green pepper
I'm going to give them a little stir
down like if you've got pieces big
pieces that
aren't getting
small
Anda okay so done in the
processor the chicken took about 20
minutes at 350 and this is what it looks
like I stuck it with the thermometer it
read
170° or higher and so now here's what
we're going to do with it so you got a
little juice there but it's really no
big deal if you want to pour the juice
off pour it
off easy easy easy easy easy easy into
the trash Bowl if you are a cook and you
wanted to save the juice uh the broth
chicken broth can be used for lots of
sauces and different stuff okay so for
all of you who have the food
processor we will
take the
pieces and roughly chop
them into the
chunks place in not too
much pulse
[Music]
mhm this is how I like it it's shredded
it's just shredded up that's how I like
it okay into your bowl careful about the
uh
Blade the
bowl okay our chicken our onion our
green PE pepper were all in so now we
got to season it so we're going to do
salt and
pepper
and I don't really measure
because I'm dangerous like that and
normally I wouldn't even be using a
spoon like this but we're on the video
so I'm trying to work it out and this
pepper I don't even know we're just
going to shake it all over I'm going to
uh provide a real amount for you on the
recipe okay seasoning
in key
element the helman's mayonnaise it's not
going to work if it's not helman's just
saying
okay so follow the recipe even though
I'm not
measuring and then mix it
up it's going to be so
creamy and
dreamy this is a great recipe for um
showers or little parties and things
this goes so well on little dollar rolls
or you know little crackers and my son
and I love them on crunchy potato chips
we don't even eat bread or lettuce or
anything we just di the crunchy potato
chips and that is how we eat the chicken
salad okay guys super easy it's done
this is it let me have a
sample it doesn't even even need salt
and pepper that's cuz I'm so good I'm
going to show you what it looks like as
a sandwich and his wrap and then it is a
wrap and result shot the chicken salad
is ready
to be devoured and it took 25 minutes
it's not a problem try it you guys
thanks for watching thanks so much for
watching our first ever video on YouTube
since you're here would you mind just
subscribing or liking or giving us a
comment we'd love to hear more about
like what you would like to see what we
could do better all of that stuff thanks
for your support guys