that you're throwing on top that's
making it grow and bubble up like that
hi guys and welcome back to another
kitchen show and mom's here in the back
it's Sunday and we're having another day
where we don't know what we're gonna
have so mom is in the kitchen today and
while we were thinking about it or like
why not make a video out of it so you
guys can make this little recipe - / -
mom instant debunks over there
oh man we should kind of like the
intensity of National instant for today
Jethro and wicked ESC total margin deity
Suki even up answer that today for Hotel
Imperial City with en the cut short cut
came a equally instant / - really despot
wonderfully so super not severe but next
video metronome which is not per to
reconsider when they or we the Sun we
know : i'll i'll tune all pieces of g9
bit higher just like that you are Jimmy
I'm Nadia instant - today it is road
rage egg ingredients panning what they
depending again what to see phenomenal
new instant pinaki or do they know jury
subject here for infinity cut off both
so are lovely the coolness you look a
little yeah instant prettily so as mama
said we're making instant for today this
is something that's totally new to me
because I've never knew you could
actually make something called instant
food today so first and foremost we're
gonna go through all the ingredients go
capaci a order of the spot mint on it
yeah in which isn't Chando was the only
thing to see fight gotcha
how can you solve only
Chavan if I was told I just would
hypothetically
so about half a tablespoon up at your
husband
so I obviously do so much as a so
Japan yeah
see half a tablespoon article hey sugar
holy Union high in fat yeah half a
devil's wanna see a baby - all right
back honest you know a magic
Jerrica soda even a little and who knows
what I see Adam
karma attack each other SATA I ain't no
mark
what Genea moosari which makes it a
bonus hidden even al I'm gonna so we're
gonna make a dough
I would all know that'll be the door
like that Dominator what's on my baklava
Jay the Java in Ortolani that might have
been cool whatever guy gender the
consistency has to be just right you
guys hear that sound stop stop alright
so the door is prepared and we just
leave it aside for a few minutes you can
drink that soda if you want remember ha
ha cools you in a hot summer day
so bother see yes Mon Calamari guess
what you think nah you see oil enough
yeah the oil or do the jump here we have
the oil put the gas on hi baby can cook
can get nice and hot so no extra flour
guys no dry flour like we have the road
eat just do it with the oil but you
think this will come at me you see oil
need it on would it be sooo Katya
so she put oil on top of them rolled
them with the oil and she also put oil
on top of I guess what you would call
her base that she's gonna use to roll
them out if you have a chakra
you can use that as well and we're still
waiting for our oil to get heated up
because you need it nice and hot
otherwise your Purdue day won't be
actually you know nice and blown up you
want them to be fluffy she's been going
back and forth with them so every single
piece of dough that she's rolled out
made into balls
she has gone ahead and she's just reroll
them now she's taking a little bit more
oil on your hands
quite often do you just roll those
critters out nothing save me the
big clunky we also do open it no you're
not so that's the way to test it with
the ivory any winner you really the
disorder dependent it will get a cheetah
Rajat name so mama how do you know K a
cheetah
oh yeah ha you don't want the footage of
that okay I am for a book game right so
you wanna see a new girl around it
it's illogic see alright guys so she
said to test it you would add a little
bit of dough in there and if it
immediately rises up that means your oil
is ready if it takes just a couple of
seconds then it's not just give it a few
more minutes
I was disappointing us still not ready
after you don't log it know you
could really do a little jump
hot date on them alright guys we think
the oil is just about ready so we're
going to test it again dumb jabo a new
project is a model of hot oil you know
be cool 5 - the pressure on this yeah to
release on stage
I'm thinking all right guys so there's
our fedora she's about to just drop it
in look at that baby go and you have to
keep putting oil on top of it a little
bit to keep it completely drenched and
there it is interesting you have to make
sure that the duda is constantly always
soaked with oil because if it's not then
it's not gonna taste good and if you see
it look how it's bubbling up see oh yeah
see how it grew that's it hmm and it's
done this way guys so she's rolling it
out again nice and thinly - does it have
to be mom do it what is it let me see it
- it'll be like I said guys gently
because you don't want to burn yourself
[Music]
once again chips check me through that
oil on top cause it's actually that oil
that you're throwing on top that's
making it grow and bubble up like that
oh what a beauty like a little bull
scrolling that out and she said not too
thin not too thick because you want it
so nice and fluffy
she's just dropping that in gently cuz
she doesn't want to burn herself either
you drop it quickly then you can get oil
on your hands and it it burns we're
doing a new foot oil in a pot I had a
sine wave you visit it and they'll be
flat so you look at how beautifully that
thing has
[Music]
[Music]