this is a glue stick that's made from an
acrylic base compound rather than a
rubber base compound so it does well for
marine applications you can see here in
the video that we're applying it to the
side mount Curtin track it is obviously
necessary that you have a glue stick gun
to apply this glue stick to your product
and we recommend it for velcro we
recommend it for the flexor rail and
also curtain track reason the glue stick
here to adhere or bond velcro to this
wood and you can tell I'm having a
little bit of problem with this glue gun
good thing we don't sell one like this
there we go starting to come out you
want to make sure that you the glue does
not dry before you start adhering your
product to it so we recommend that you
don't let it sit for over a minute
before you apply the product if your
glue gun we're working well you should
be able to apply about 48 inches of glue
before you have to adhere your product
to the glue in this situation we're
gonna do about one foot sections because
I don't like the way that glue gun is
performing all right so here's a foot
section you can accomplish about 3 foot
of a 1 inch velcro per stick of glue so
that's how I would calculate how many
glue sticks I would need for the
particular application that you're
gluing it to the beauty of this glue
stick is that it will stick very well
this velcro will be very difficult if
not impossible to pull off the board
when it's dried completely that's what
we want
here's that velcro one day later after
its cured we're gonna take some needle
nose pliers and try to pull this velcro
off of the wood board it's very
difficult to do as you can see here and
that's exactly what we want so this is a
good resolution for those of you that
are having a hard time having velcro
stick to any kind of surface use the ha
stick glue gun and the acrylic glue
sticks from sailrite
all right good bond we'll move on now
and show you the glue sticks being used
on flex-a-rail flexural is a awning
track that's used with the Dacron awning
rope
the vinyl awning rope or the Keter
awning rope and we're only gonna apply
this flexor rail with the glue gun
you notice the glue guns still not
working well we need to make sure that
we get this bead all the way down its
length which is 48 inches and at less
than a minute or a minutes time before
the glue starts to cure and here we've
got it all the way down the length and
we are applying it to a board now I have
sewn a piece of Sunbrella on to this
Dacron awning rope and inserted the
Dacron awning rope into that flexor rail
and I'm gonna hold the top of the board
here so that that track can pull off and
I'm gonna use my son Isaiah here as a
weight notice he's completely off the
floor and that track has not pulled off
that board using the glue sticks the
acrylic glue sticks from sailrite here's
a close-up of that flexor rail and
you'll notice there is no integrity
problems with it
specifications from the manufacturers
say that the glue sticks will work in
two temperatures up to 130 degrees
Fahrenheit that's with a shear load
we're gonna do a homemade test here with
this oven and try to keep it around 130
150 degrees Fahrenheit we'll put the
application that we did with the curtain
tracks gluing them on with the glue
sticks inside the oven one with just
plain wood and the other one with wood
that has paint on it and we'll see how
they fare
170 a little bit beyond where we want to
go and it's 7:15 now at 717 180 degrees
we're going to turn off the oven and
just pull it out of here and see what we
have so from 7 12 to 7 17 let's see what
we have temperature went way above what
the manufacturer recommends for a
working load of 130 degrees Fahrenheit
but we did not leave it in here super
long so let's see what the glue looks
like obviously in most applications
especially on your boat you're not gonna
have a temperature over this you'll have
it more around 110 130 degrees so take a
look at the glue close up here the track
is still here very well even up to 180
degrees Fahrenheit 180-degree homemade
task works pretty well we don't
recommend it for that obviously only up
to about a hundred and thirty degrees
Fahrenheit