everyone so earlier this month I made a
video with silicone Harley and she had a
poopy diaper and I know people are
against that but you know what some
people are against it but I like my
channel in doing different unique fun
videos so I keep you guys motivated to
watch me so I'll do whatever and I'm
gonna make more poop videos because I
had a blast and it seems like a lot of
people really like that video but I did
get a lot of requests on how to make the
fake poop I'm gonna try and remake it
again I've only made it once so we'll go
with what I use but I used grits quick
grits and I'm just gonna pour them in
this Cup I'll just do like a little
batch of cake
maybe later another ring you'll have a
poopy diaper I'll use it and then
obviously I mixed some water in there
so um make some water in there just to
get the grits a little doctor so see
it's kind of like a soupy substance I'm
gonna put just a little bit more it's
that I want really soupy I think I put
too much grits so is great when I turn
the fish tutorial recording because yeah
Oh see there we go it's kind of clumpy a
little bit but you're gonna add mustard
in there so to the right texture
whatever texture you're looking for and
I just put we'll just start off with
that much mustard in there because it's
really the color you want and the
texture you want and it's not mixing so
well so much easier when I did this the
first time off camera so I'm gonna add
more mustard
and kids you should get your parents
permission before you just start using
their food supply to make your fake poop
three points but I just mix it up and
see you get this well you obviously
don't need to mix the whole thing that
really good you just cuz you're gonna
use that so this is what I did for
Hartley's video um I mean it's kind of
blurry so for the video I did with
Harley this is what it looked like ah I
just threw some but up close like that
you can I was thinking about if you want
to lessen the yellow and which babies
make all different colors it's crazy but
they do I was thinking you could add a
little bit of maybe some vanilla Astrid
to get like a little it's not so yellow
look but you could make like a deep
green color oh there we go so just takes
like a little bit of the yellow tone out
but that's what I do and then I just um
i coated Harvey with silicone I would
necessarily code saran wrap so it didn't
get on her vinyl the same here and if I
was gonna do this with a reborn baby I
would line the body with clear tape and
then that way doesn't get on your reborn
so that's all you do
yeah it's pretty realistic once you put
in the diaper you're used to be to check
out that video I'll put that video in
the link so you can see what it looked
like but anyways thanks for watching