Mila is off school for the summer I
actually have a business meeting this
morning lost up there like a hair quiet
what are we doing today yes I am making
car cookies because it is so hot that I
believe we can cook cookies in the car
on the dashboard okay go on
we're gonna make this match and we're
gonna test them to see which one's
better like we're gonna compare them in
the car okay ingredients salt one
teaspoon of salt and cookies yeah did
you get the rest of the ingredients I'm
gonna get changed I will leave in a half
an hour that is a quarter of a teaspoon
that is half a teaspoon
Oh nobody wants to see that
it's too hot for a suit but it's a
business meeting so I can't go into
chains in a t-shirt deodorant
brought to you by Old Spice I can be
your new Old Spice guy hmm
best deodorant on earth not paid
advertising after much deliberation I've
decided to wear the best dad ever shirt
to a business meeting obviously I'm
joking I'm joking
I gotta wear something that's not gonna
show egregious amounts of sweat okay how
you doing okay we have no conscious mind
something alternative no Litella Nutella
put Nutella okay 8020 rule we got to do
this fast and I got to get out of here
it means just do it fast he got the
butter two eggs what else we need two
eggs one
- oh okay you're breaking that's one
with the ingredients up we're gonna make
do we're gonna make you a butter goes in
here okay wait one couple something
buddy
why are you yelling at me - chocolate
chip baking powder baking soda baking
soda yes and this is one teaspoon we're
not putting 1/2 teaspoon salt
[Music]
we don't have brown sugar we're doing
range of sugar how much are you sure it
says a cup of sugar how many cookies two
cups of all-purpose flour all-purpose
flour
I want specific use flour hold your
breath okay all-purpose flour seems like
it has only one purpose to me okay
that's it so we wonder why cookies are
bad for you we put some carrots in here
or something
you know walk is how can it not turn oh
well it's butter flour sugar and vanilla
like it eat this now oh yeah oh I see
how oh I see it's now start a little bit
cookie dough you know me great we put
this in ice cream oh I just came over
the best idea ever
raw cookie dough ice cream um also when
we're done this gets put in the oven at
375 for about ten minutes or you put it
in your car for two to three hours for
however long your meeting takes get this
action mixing shop
you don't have to get your hands in
there oh it feels buttery
sheesh
oh yes daddy we're gonna wait for yours
to be ready this technically it has raw
egg in it so we're done here we gooo up
another batch look what I did this is
for the GoPro in the car doesn't
overheat in order to insulate the GoPro
somewhat in the heat of the car I have
carved out a tennis ball I don't know if
it's hot enough today we will eat raw
disgusting cookies if I have to win this
bet oh hello kids
here it is these are the cookies this is
the GoPro in the golf ball the tennis
ball I have no doubt that the GoPro is
gonna overheat sooner than later and
stop recording so we're probably not
gonna get much of a time-lapse why does
this always happen when I shoot vlogs
all right are you really with the Navy
[Applause]
closest I'm ever gonna get to a Navy
SEAL is at Sea World
[Music]
who are you talking to you know it's
crazy to talk to a camera like that you
are my best friend
why subscribe now is the time hit the
notification button
I'd say smash it but that's already been
trademark don't smash it that's too
violent just tap it gently okay oh my
gosh this is amazing this is amazing
what did you say what did you say about
mine being better than yours I didn't
hear you loud enough take it this GoPro
is hot oh my gosh that little oh it
smells good I don't know but why is
there so much butter or oil that's
that's actually that's that's hot that
is burning oh that's butter that's pure
butter it's good for your lips we're
gonna taste this in the shader in the
park now here's a sock okay good
who talked today are they clean mmm-hmm
naturally baked organic car cookies
these are some baked cookies we're gonna
eat them on the front steps okay go
ahead your cookies in the kitchen and
we'll get the dogs in then we're gonna
go for a walk look at these beautiful
cookies these are my cookies because I
put them in for 9 minutes well it's
still pretty good and these are daddy's
his look flat and they've been in the
car for three hours three hours and ten
minutes they're lacking a bit in
consistency okay I'm shooting the one
the biggest with the most chocolate
chips dude I'm not gonna leave you out
one way or the other but one of them is
clearly better than the other yours are
flaky dry buttery we've got a hint of
asparagus cherry nutmeg peach all wrong
good or bad real good
we're gonna have those zap these for a
few minutes but this is delicious we
agree the car cookies are better break
up a learning lesson for everybody the
job that's from the movie sideways about
wine tasting in the Napa Valley a man's
search for meaning after a divorce
trying to find himself questioning his
life decisions who he is I don't know
the answer that question peace out
[Music]