sponsored by the carpal rx carpal tunnel
syndrome is a condition that causes
symptoms in the hand and fingers like
pain numbness and tingling that are
often debilitating but what causes
carpal tunnel syndrome
it's actually a disease that affects an
area inside the wrist known as the
carpal tunnel
inside the carpal tunnel your flexor
tendons here shown in white are very
close to the median nerve here shown in
yellow the tendons are surrounded by a
fluid filled sheath here shown in blue
under certain conditions like rapid hand
movement that sheath begins to swell and
it pushes against the median nerve
and that causes all of the symptoms of
carpal tunnel syndrome
therefore for any remedy to be effective
and lasting it must solve the problem of
swelling inside your carpal tunnel and
not just mask the pain it causes
the great majority of people who find
themselves in pain from carpal tunnel
syndrome reach for a splint or a brace
to help them yet of the tens of millions
of braces that are sold every year most
are used improperly or overused for
instance most people think that a splint
will allow them to work better so they
simply slap one on and go about their
business so they accumulate more and
more splints thinking that the next one
will work better but they won't because
splints and braces should only be worn
sparingly during the day and never while
working that's because you'll
unconsciously fight the splint while you
work and that will produce even more
damage inside your carpal tunnel however
while we sleep we unconsciously subject
our risk to tremendous bending forces
and splints and braces are perfect to
protect against that and this is why if
you have carpal tunnel syndrome you
should always wear a splint or brace to
bed and make sure that splint firmly
supports your wrist
even if you splint your wrist you should
still invest in a regimen of deep tissue
massage of your wrist and forearm
because it's the only treatment for
carpal tunnel syndrome that's effective
and permanent in fact it's nearly 100
percent effective but only if used daily
and for two to four weeks anything less
is ineffective now this isn't your
everyday ordinary massage it requires
specific motions over the wrist and
forearm that over time drains excess
fluid which reduces swelling over the
tendons and reduced swelling alleviates
carpal tunnel syndrome
so as you see you don't need splints and
braces to effectively treat your carpal
tunnel syndrome instead deep tissue
massage applied daily is nearly 100
effective in alleviating your symptoms
to get this professional therapy for
your carpal tunnel syndrome or risk
tendinitis you don't have to visit a
therapist every day
instead the carpal rx will give you the
same therapy at home
if you have carpal tunnel syndrome or
wrist tendonitis you owe it to yourself
to try this remarkable product and take
advantage of the 60-day free trial offer
with every carpal rx
if the carpal rx doesn't relieve your
symptoms or if you just don't like it
for any reason return it for a full
refund including all of your shipping
costs
the carpolarx was specifically designed
to treat the wrist and forearm it works
just like a therapist's fingers that are
treating you for carpal tunnel syndrome
or risk tendinitis except it treats you
every day at a fraction of the cost of a
therapist and in your own home the
carpal rx is calibrated to produce the
same motions and pressures a therapist
uses to relieve your pain and other
symptoms and it's so simple to use just
plug it in
slide it on
and strap it in
then relax
the carpal rx will do the rest
so get rid of those splints and braces
that just don't work
the carpal rx always has a 60-day free
trial so if you're not completely
satisfied with your results return it
for 100 refund including all your
shipping costs the carpal rx is
guaranteed to permanently and easily get
rid of carpal tunnel syndrome as well as
risk tendinitis and repetitive strain
injury visit the carpal rx at carpal
rx.com