okay they keep you busy around here hey
y'all I'm Jamie Dean and welcome to our
laboratory today we're making homemade
vanilla extract now you say Jamie why
would you make vanilla extract
mr. grocery store two miles from my
house why would I take perfectly good
vodka nice raw vanilla in 30 days of my
time to make homemade vanilla well you
know how much fun is going to the
grocery store really when you think
about it not much fun we don't want to
use the cheap stuff we're going to the
top shelf we're gonna take some vodka
we're gonna put it now we're gonna use a
you want to use a decorative jar you're
putting a lot of time in trouble into
vanilla extract you want to make it nice
so top-shelf vodka we're gonna simmer
this we're gonna cook it we want it to
be nice and warm we're gonna come over
here I love fresh vanilla we're gonna
split these vanilla bean stalks I'm not
gonna scoop them out or scrape them I'm
just gonna open it up we're the true
essence of this vanilla is gonna leak
out of here
it smells so good I'm gonna put it down
into our jar and once this is warmed up
I'm going to pour warm vodka over our
fresh vanilla and once I get this
tighten up y'all I'm gonna let it sit
out until it gets to be room temperature
I don't want to put this into the
refrigerator hot I'm gonna seal it up
now this would make an awesome gift in
the holidays this is homemade vanilla
extract is anybody ever given you all
homemade vanilla extract started around
Thanksgiving give it a shake every
couple of days this one's about halfway
through and once you get to Christmas
time you put a nice bone here it's a
thoughtful gift and it's easy to do for
more recipes and tips go to Paula Dean
calm