[Music]
hello youtube today we will be doing
normal again it's it's the regional name
it's a Spanish word for dried pork loin
which is exactly the same popular item
in northern Italy and it's very familiar
to capicola is just a different cut it's
a pork loin it's drier and again that's
what I'm trying to avoid a little bit
some of the people trying to cut out
only the lean part of the oil I will be
leaving an end which again has a dry
part on this side but it has some fatty
muscles on the other side we still need
to cut something off we need to cut off
excessive fat and silver skin if we have
it so let's cut it off and let's make it
what will be the next steps for it
really very simple we will be using
curing salt because this will be a dried
product we will be using salt again I'm
using around three four percent depends
what you like it you could even lower it
down but against salt pushes water out
and makes the product firmer and stays
longer so we will be cleaning it up
salt insta-cure three four days five
days to get through after that
everything is very simple we will be
drying it out exactly the same way as
capicola putting in a spice bath that
means you know I will be rolling in the
spices then I will be actually putting
that probably in the cloth then I don't
need to tie up with the rope because I
have the
net in the net hanging it waiting it
till it will dry that process could take
about four to six weeks depending on a
thickness it could be eight and then we
will be enjoying it so let's continue
[Music]
you don't need to leave any hanging
parts the piece should be as convenient
as possible see I found some chunk I'm
taking it off and that's what we will be
putting in salt again you can keep it in
the fridge in the Tupperware you can use
Ziploc or the way you like it
so let me make make sure depending on
the weight three percent salt in stick
your depending on that so all mixes here
let's just layer it now we will be
flipping the product every day just to
get evenly with salt if you would like
to add some additional spices at this
moment you welcome but usually that is
done before the drying because the
spices will stay longer with the meat
[Music]
and that's it the very first step done
I'll see you probably in a couple of
days when we will need to continue to
put that with the spices and hang it
after that there is always possibility
to do a cold smoke to add a smoky flavor
to it so we'll see what what happened
thank you
that was really smoking okay so let's
continue our dried pork loin adventure
meat was in salt for four or five days I
will be washing a little bit I will be
putting some spices on a tray or rolling
it up putting in a cloth then putting in
a meat netting and just hanging
somewhere in a basement for six to eight
weeks depending again you can watch the
weight suggested weight loss is 40% I
have a coca-cola video where I
specifically spell showed how you can
put the target weight underneath and
then just follow it through the time you
will learn what the hardness of the meat
by touching you would like to have and
this way you will have perfect a little
bit drier or less drier meats depending
of your preference so let's get started
[Music]
the next step I will be laying layers of
spices what I would like for my meats
and just rolling meat in if you want
more spicy you can use more red crushed
pepper you will see here and if you want
less spicy you can not use it at all
and then just roll it now if you want
you can cover spices on top of the meat
you can fully cover it later you can
remove excessive spices especially
pepper the next step is just to roll it
into cloth some people ask me why why I
need cloth first of all this is
protection against the effects of the
nature flies how often you can get flies
in your basement now if you're keeping
that in a refrigerator some of the
people keep that in refrigerator
probably would not have such effects of
the nature as I call it but I prefer me
to hang in a basement just because I
need refrigerator now very handy tool I
like it I use it a lot you can just push
it through and then lightly shake it
[Music]
usually I hang the bigger part up this
way all the humidity goes down and the
thinner part dries a little bit faster
so we have two ends now let's take twine
[Music]
and here it is that's what we have and
you remember I was mentioning about
softness or hardness of a touch this is
what we have now if you will have some
mold it does happen because depending on
the humidity in your basement
it could happen even in the refrigerator
depending on the settings of
refrigerator watch out
black mold no good white mold is okay
green mold is suspicious
black mold is not good so watch out for
that but otherwise let's hang it and I
will see you probably in a couple months
that's it okay it's unwrapped looks
perfect looks very nice now most
important is to understand when it's
done that's up to you you could still
dry it up - it will be very very hard I
do like when it's pressed a little bit
that means the middle part is a little
bit softer okay again it's a preference
of the family some people like very hard
like a close to jerky style when you
need to bite the bite I do prefer when
it's a little bit softer so now let's
cut it let's see how it works
[Music]
and you remember because we did it with
a little bit of the fats
I believe it's perfect
it already releases the smell and of
course I do know how it tastes it's not
the first time I'm not doing things for
the camera I'm doing things for myself
camera is just add-on for the products
so that tasting part is really just for
me to enjoy it and for you to be jealous
about it but that makes life a little
bit better it's perfect it's just the
meat again you remember I didn't do any
additional crazy spices it's something
for the sandwiches it's something for
the snacks it's something for the family
enjoy this was really smoking
[Music]