making some homemade popcorn here take
three full scoops
the popcorn kernels and for each scoop
of popcorn is two scoops to the first
scoop of popcorn of oil and then one
scoop of oil for every scoop of popcorn
after that so since we put in three
scoops of popcorn we put in four scoops
of oil
this last right let's the last one then
we put the lid on which is also the bowl
take the top of the lid off and hit the
switch on the front on you can see
you're rotating on the inside there and
I'm gonna let this fast forward a little
bit until things start popping okay just
started popping found about three three
and a half minutes or so since we
started it I just wasn't gonna stay here
and wait for it to start popping cuz
then it's like time goes in Reverse I'll
sit here we can record this until we
finish this bowl off it only takes a
couple of minutes
why do you might think that this is
actually going to burn the popcorn sit
in there like that the Venus it's in
that oil which it's actually butter
flavored oil that they use it to
theaters wire rod that's in there that
rotates just keeping the kernels moving
around in there as a pop the pop popcorn
that's about it you shut her off
I'm from here put the top back on it
flip it over and you got a party full of
popcorn oh here you go