okay next I'm going to show you the
floor mats these are rubberized or not
rubberized they're just rubber floor
mats my other video I showed you rubber
floor mats from my astro van that were
brown these are dark grey you can either
use the all-purpose cleaner I have this
diluted down ten-to-one or the super
degreaser I have this diluted down four
to one so I want to see what would
happen on these let me pull in for you
because what is common is that like most
anything in life things oxidize which
basically just means that they kind of
react to the elements the weather
whatever you want to call it time just
like our bodies we age so if you use
this super degreaser it will often pull
up it may be scary at first for some of
you because you'll scrub it and I'll
start turning the color of the floor mat
just like a foamy like on the case of
the brown floor mats it was like a foamy
brownish color and you think oh my gosh
is the color coming off well no it's not
these floor mats are molded in that
color so I want to see what would happen
with these gray floor mats because the
longer you have allowed them to get
dirty and aged and oxidized the more
that effect will happen so hopefully
it'll happen on this so I can show it to
you but and because I know these haven't
been cleaned for a while I'm actually
just going to go with my super degreaser
and once again I'm working in the Sun
these were sitting in the shade so
they're not overly hot yet because if
they're so hot the second you spray
degreaser on them it starts to dry well
I don't want it to dry because then I
have to get it wet again to reactivate
the degreaser and to make sure it washes
off cleanly so these have actually been
setting in the
ade so they're not overly hot yet once
again because I work in the Sun so often
you just have to go with the appropriate
response
based on the specific compass of the
moment so these are like the temperature
of the Sun I would just have to move
quickly use more product hose them off
quicker so you just respond
appropriately I've got my brush that's
rather flexible they have longer
bristles there's more of them because I
want to be able to really get in these
grooves better with a more find for lack
of a better word a more find tooth brush
which my upholstery brush is ideal for
that and as I scrub these I can tell
that grey is coming up the oxidation is
being removed because I can see it
kicking up on the cement there on the
floor mat itself is just showing Brown
time so yeah just come a brown from the
dirt but the foam itself is kind of a
grayish Brown grungy dirty mess because
I know it's cleaning off some of the
oxidation simply hose it off
now you don't want to just lay this down
on the Sun to dry because what will
happen is the water will pool up and
because there's minerals in this water
I'm using regular you know tap water
hose water whatever you want to call it
it will pull up it will dry and it will
create a water mark around where that
cooled water was allowed to dry so I
blow these off of the blower and then I
allow them to dry in the Sun of the
shade but I want to make sure there's no
pool water that's going to dry that way
okay this is the second floor mat I want
to show you an up close you can see the
how well it's going to show but it's
brown and greyish because the oxidation
is being cleaned off the dirts being
cleaned off so just so you know based on
the color of the floor mat that is
normal and off not all floor mats are
created equal just like every material
you can have really cheap floor mats
made a very cheap rubber and you may not
get the same results these floor mats
are made of you know pretty decent
material pretty decent rubber so I know
that they respond very well to this type
of cleaning so if you have like
aftermarket floor mats that you buy it
like Pep Boys for like I don't know 10
bucks or 12 bucks whatever you may be a
little disappointed because it's just
cheap rubber anyhow so I've cleaned this
I've scrubbed it once again hose it off
you can see all the dirt now this floor
mats actually been stained I have no
idea what's going on here but that's the
problem with cleaning is sometimes it
reveals things that you just can't
control there's still a little dirt on
this edge right here so I simply reapply
we agitate
check results and repeat if necessary
okay that I have no idea what that is
once again you can't control everything
there is inconsistency Xin materials and
sometimes with age it's just a natural
byproduct so I'm going to blow this off
with a blower
I've got these two floor mats done and
I'm not going to dress them because
that's dangerous as in sure they may
look shiny and healthier but the second
your foot gets any water on it it
becomes a disaster waiting to happen
so as a cautionary or a precaution I do
not dress them and I don't need to with
these anyways if you open up a floor mat
that's so weathered you can apply
dressing regular tire dressing make sure
you use a clean sponge so you don't mop
in a bunch of dirty dressing from past
you can dress them and then just wipe
them very aggressively with a microfiber
and rub that dressing into them I would
just give a little disclaimer to the
customer and say hey it's a trade off
your weather mat your floor mats are so
deteriorated I them but they look so
weathered I had to dress them I rubbed
it in very well but just know that if
you get any water on your foot it will
be a little slick honestly when they're
using the brake pad on the gas it's not
going to be a huge issue it's different
than like a running rail or running side
rail or they have to actually step in
and they could slip off the rail getting
in that's a little different so it is
possible it's just it as a rule I only
do it in worst case scenarios and if I
have to okay I want to show you
something
after the mats are done this is what
they look like on the left it's clean
but I know that I can make it look
better
and the customer would be fine with this
but I want it better so on the right I
used once again as I said in the last
video or the last part of this video is
that sometimes you will have to use a
dressing on the floor mat even though it
really goes counter to the accepted rule
at least in my world because it can
become slick but floor mats are
different in that you place your feet on
them you're not using them to get in and
out of a truck so it represents less of
a danger and because this trim shine is
so light it's not particularly greasy so
I simply spray it and then cover the mat
with the light dress you know just a
light spray like this so it's truly
covered like that and then I take my
microfiber and I simply wipe it down
very aggressively and break down the
shine and the effect of the grease enos
or the oiliness the slipperiness you can
call whatever works for a year world but
I want to break it down so that it looks
better so you've got good and then
you've got better so does this feel
different yes it feels different you
this feels you know just normal like
normal rubber not particularly dried out
or anything but there's you know a kind
of a resistance to it now this is a
little slicker but it's still I can
still grab my finger it's not going to
be overly slick or greasy or anything
like that but now the rubber mat is just
simply enhanced and this is acceptable
as far as safety reasons go and now it's
at like a level 10 as far as appearances
go so to me it's a worthy trade-off when
it comes to floor mats so that's a
solution to a
problem that you may encounter in your
world okay got my floor mats lined up
they've all been dressed
they've all been cleaned and dressed and
wiped down before you dress them make
sure they are a hundred percent dry the
dressing and water do not mix very well
so in all these little grooves just
verify that there's no residual water
hanging out in any of the crevices
before you dress them but yes now these
mats truly look brand new thanks to the
aerosol dressing