hi everybody and thanks again for
joining us a mixology made simple today
we're going to make cocktail number 23
and our mission to recreate all the
cocktails in the joy mixology book by
Gaz Regan cocktail is called the Bahama
Mama and I think it's one of those
cocktails that a lot of bartenders don't
know how to make so we pretty much just
make a typical Friday style mai tai for
it to fit everything hurricane zombie
there you go
but today we're actually going to learn
how to make it right let's begin we're
gonna start off with our citrus element
which is going to be our lemon juice so
let's just do it fresh I've got all
lemons here and our good old citrus
press so you can squeeze it right into
the [ __ ] just directly right in there
or if you know you're going to be making
a few of these you can squeeze the juice
ahead of time double strain it and
you'll catch all the pulp and seeds but
this definitely drives home that you're
using fresh juice when you do this for a
guest at the bar or guest at your home
and we like fresh beer and it's also
made simple so we've got our mixing
glass here and we're going to throw in
our 1 ounce of lemon juice so the next
ingredient we're going to go straight
into the four ounces of pineapple juice
in the book Gaz mentions cutting down
the pineapple juice if you think it's
too sweet but let's just make it how the
book says to the basic stock recipe
alright so we've got a lot of juice a
little citrus to play off that sweet so
booze 10 I'm going to start with 151
this stuff you can light on fire so
there's that so let's put a half ounce
in here all right so that's 151 proof
this is the heat this is gonna make you
happy but we're only putting a little
bit so it's you know don't get don't get
nervous all right now we're gonna do our
dark rum we're going to use a crucian
Blackstrap rum then do a half ounce of
the Blackstrap
all right sorry kind of getting some of
that brown color and we got another
special ingredient that kahlúa here but
we'll do that one way now in the book it
says to use coconut like here I'm going
to use don q coconut rum I kind of
looked at all the recipes online a lot
of people are using Malibu or they're
using you know coconut rum there's a few
companies that are making a coconut
liqueur but it's a little tricky to find
so you know everybody can find a Malibu
or a coconut rum in their supermarket or
a liquor store so this is what we're
gonna go with I do a half ounce all
right the final ingredient Kahlua toffee
liqueur and we're just gonna do a
quarter ounce so I have a half ounce
[ __ ] so I'm essentially filling it
half way or you can do two bar spoonfuls
usually a 1/4 ounce mugger so we have
our Kahlua we have all our booze in
there and we're going to ice up our
glass we usually start with the pre
chilled glass all right better ice in
there and now we're gonna ice up our
mixing glass and since we have pineapple
juice pineapple juice always leaves a
nice fun little foam on the top the book
doesn't call for a garnish but a lot of
the tropical cocktails you know they get
a orange cherry flag pineapple wedges
whatever so you can kind of go crazy the
garnish but in the book it just says no
garnish so alright okay dish shake
that spot for the outside I will have to
let you know the gun taken and again
you're gonna get that cool foam from the
pineapple all right now I'm gonna strain
it into our glass look at that it looks
like like coconut milk or something all
right we have cocktail number 23 the
Bahama Mama be sure to pick up a copy of
the George mixology book by Gaz Regan
and you can also check out gasps Regan
calm for more information on his other
books alright thanks for coming