our coach dirt and grime and salt can
really cause havoc on the interior of
your car including your floor mats and
the secret is to clean them whether
they're rubber or carpet and now I'm
going to show you how if you live in the
northern part of the country you
probably have seen snow and along with
that salt which easily found its way on
your floor mats and on your Carpeting
and that can actually destroy the
carpeting and the rest of the country
You've Got dirt and grime that were on
your feet that you brought into your car
and you want to clean that up to protect
your investment it'll make a difference
when it comes to selling your vehicle
now for all floor mats you want to
loosen the dirt with a stiff bristle
brush and then vacuum it all up you can
have a garage vac or use one at your
local
station for rubber floor mats remove
them wash them in a sink with warm water
and some sort of Degreaser or cleaner
it's the best way to get it
off and then scrub the mat with a hard
bristle brush in a circular motion
that'll get off all the excess dirt let
them air dry and then put them
back for carpeted floor mats they
probably have stains that have bound
themselves into the carpet fibers you
want to eliminate those stains first by
using a good quality name brand carpet
stain remover don't use household
products make sure to use Automotive
Products then when you're all done
whether they're rubber or carpet floor
mats and you've vacuumed and you've
cleaned those carpets clean the next
thing you want to do is use a odor
remover try to find an odor remover
that's designed for automotive don't use
household products in your car the
secret to all this is your car will
smell good it'll look good and you'll be
ready to track in some more new dirt the
importance of cleaning floor mats can
really protect your investment like I've
always said but the secret to the whole
thing is always use Automotive Products
on the car and leave those household
products in the home now enjoy your
clean floor mats I'm Lauren fix the car
coach