my coffee if you're watching this video
you probably just clumsily spilled your
coffee like I just did here's a quick
list of the things you'll need to help
clean it up white towels warm and cold
water lemon juice dish soap and a clean
split alright let's get to it
you want to dive out as much of the
coffee as you can with his house and be
sure to dab versus scrubbing scrubbing
can cause the sting spread and be sure
to use the clean set of towel each time
you dab now grab a cup of cold water and
pour it directly onto the stain continue
to dab with a new towel and repeat until
the stain won't come out next take two
cups of warm water and mix in a quarter
cup of lemon juice and a splash of dish
soap take your sponge and dip it in
there and squeeze it until the sponge is
just damp
starting from the outside and work your
way in rub the stain in a circular
motion then rinse with cold water with a
dry towel remove the leftover mixture by
putting the towels directly on the area
and firmly pressing down to remove any
other lens over liquids if the same
still shows up repeat the process
otherwise you're done and you thought
you'd have to live with that stain now
to make another pot of coffee how much
coffee did you end up spilling comment
down below I think that's the last time
I'm gonna
to put my coffee on the floor if you
have any questions or suggestions for
other stands leave them in the comments
below and we'll get the message for you
if you like this video give it a thumbs
up and be sure to subscribe so that you
can be updated whenever we have new tips
for your apartment living thanks for
tuning in and we'll catch you in the
next video
[Music]