you do what's up guys like this kinky
family homestead hey I'm all excited
again as you know we just got a bunch of
our pork back from the butcher
we got no how many pounds of bacon and
sausage and pork chop well then I
decided I need make my own bacon but all
of our pork was already made into bacon
and you know me I guess I'm on the brain
and I got to do it right so I called
another meat market here that's local
and they carry pork belly so I went down
and got me a five-pound slab of pork
belly here and I am going to play and
start learning how to cure my own bacon
smoked it because the probably close to
30 pounds of bacon is in the freezer now
isn't good enough good enough there's
never enough bacon what okay working
towards that step of doing our own
butchering which I would kind of like to
be there and I thought two years I think
next year I need to have the butcher not
smoke anything not do not do anything
with the hams not do anything with the
bacon or pork bellies and I'll do it
not that will save us about a third of
the cost of the butcher and that'll be
that one more step towards learning to
do it ourselves
yeah you can't mess it up I I can mess
this up this you can mess up this is a
trial and error but when it comes to the
pigs
give it up mess it up right exactly
that's what we're doing and I'll also
probably go buy a fresh ham later this
year sometime and practice on that
that's just probably going to be smoking
but I'll probably try some cool tears on
it as well come along and as with
everything else it's not a how-to it
let's see what Mike and jenni can do
with this all right guys you know me
yeah I don't know they posit write me
it's gotta end up good happy
bacon bacon how do you think you are
guys we'll go check this out okay let's
keep in mind I really have no idea what
I'm doing but I've already got my
mixture mixed here and what I did was a
cup of salt cup of brown sugar and then
just tender quick which I've is what we
had in the cupboard but I've been
reading I guess some people prose I'm
equal calm like anything else
but per the instructions what you got to
glare there 1 tablespoon of tender quick
cure per pound of meat rub your meat
thoroughly that's what we're going to do
next that's exactly what I did now we've
got 5 pounds here that I've cut in half
and then I'm going to apply this mixture
which is the 1 cup sugar 1 cup brown
sugar and the 5 tablespoons of the
tender quick I'm going to apply it to
both of these equally get it all spread
around and then one of these we're just
going to lose maple syrup to help flavor
one of them and on the other one we're
going to douse with pepper just see all
this comes out just to see what's what
you
so the plan is will be flipping these
every day in the fridge for the next
seven days is what I'm going to go with
and I don't know we'll see how awful it
turns out alright alright guys I am
super excited there's two pork bellies
you can see so Jenny can really get
areas that they have drawn out a lot too
fluid I am saying notice them and these
are fill a lot farmers really cool
I will admit I didn't get the flipping
these every single day but they got
flips a lot we are on day seven or eight
I think I think I think it is eight so
we're going to do we run drain these
then we're going to wash them off or
rinse them off at the warm water and
then we're going to pat dry them with
some paper towels or something and let
them dry on these racks for a couple
hours until there's dried ink and B so
let's see what Jude comes out our fluid
comes out of these
you
okay so we got all rinsed off we dried
them off on the paper towel we're going
to put them in the fridge for a couple
hours to finish drawing and in the
meantime while we get the smoker ready I
don't have a big fancy smokehouse and
some of the cool people like Deep South
homestead have but I can still get the
smoke and done I also if you know if I
don't have the bacon hooks to hang this
with but I think I should try just fine
on the track and I'll be smoking it on a
rack as well instead of hanging because
I don't have the bacon hooks so let's go
put this in the fridge and yes we
already rearranged the fridge little
thing we'll leave it there and I'll get
all the other stuff going all right I
got the smoker going we're going to get
out there get these on the smoker
I don't have a cool smokehouse like I
said like like detail homestead go check
out their smoke album I'll put a link up
I think I've got the store-bought smoker
propane and I'm not I'm tempted to cold
smoke I'm going to try to regulate the
temperature with some cold water and
stuff and keep it down really low some
reading that I've done people only they
don't want to get above 100 other things
I've read is people say an internal temp
of up to 130 140 is fine so we're going
to have to keep the tester low ISO point
is not to cook it the point is to smoke
it so that's what we're going to attempt
to do let's go take it out throw it in
come on
so right now it is running about 200
which is a lot more than I want mug went
through it in but I know my smoker and
so I put this pan right here but I'm
going to keep cold water in that cold
water will take a long time to warm up
but I'm still allowing the chips to
smoke down below and this will this cold
water will drop the temperature in here
along with drop this little trope that
I'm actually going to drop this and
we're probably going to let it smoke for
at least 4 hours
Jenny and I love the smoke flavor so it
might even be in here if I can keep it
cool I can keep the temperature down it
might even stay in here for six seven
hours I don't know but we'll see because
we like the smoke flavor and we're using
Applewood so
okay guys so the smoker is done we got
our pork bellies right here net a little
bit of smoker complications we didn't
smoke it quite as long as I wanted I ran
out of Applewood I wouldn't have thought
I would have but I did but still they
got smoked for just about four hours so
I'm also wondering you guys can probably
tell me if I should have trimmed all
this up first
I either way it's fine so we're going to
do is we have a little taste test here
real quick this is the pepper one and
I'm thinking about reapepper in this one
is the maple maple syrup on it that I
did so they came out looking great now
the only thing left is a taste test see
how it goes all right so one that still
is warmed up we'll come back and show
you guys some taste
okay guys I got these sliced this is uh
this is the pepper one this is maple
syrup one a lot of videos like I'm gonna
refer back to Deep South homestead again
Danny over there recommends washing
these often hmm I think is cold water I
elected not to only because I want to
try it without rinsing it and then on my
next batch I will try rinsing it so
that's the only reason I elected not to
since Danny recommended it I probably
should have them but we're about to fry
up some in that pan right over there for
a taste test and I'm excited this looks
really good and it just smells so good
so oh man this felt so good but take a
look at this what else
fish success I cut the pieces holy cow
the next the next flavor got cut so
close thick but still I don't think
we're going to be complaining about that
Oh looking good
okay guys we are here with the bacon
Queen Ruth
all right so here we go I got it all
sliced up I got to work on my slicing
skills a little bit some of this is
pretty thick like I just showed you in
the frying pan this half the maple syrup
path was extremely fatty and it just
kind of all started falling apart this
side was quite a bit nicer I mean look
at that
holy cow so here we go over here we got
some maple syrup and some of the pepper
kind and we've already tasted it we
really like it go ahead taste it not
tell what you think which one is that
this is a maple syrup what I'll be
replaying it Oh salt brown sugar and
make the strip
that's good it's uh really stick piece
definitely really salty we're gonna have
to have to work on that right pretty
salty okay
we thought it'd taste really good but
but but we're going to try a fix for the
Sultan yeah it is it is you that one has
a sweetness but it is it is salty so we
had comments all destroyed
so you think it's got some sweetness
from the syrup it does have some
sweetness to it yeah okay and the apple
bapple would probably help with that
yeah I think well yeah I'm not quite
sure if the sweetness is because of the
syrup or maybe the brown sugar yeah but
like I said we've already but we burned
those yeah almost have sweetness to it
rope but you can definitely taste the
sweetness through that one so we're just
going to work on the salty part okay I'm
going to this is the one I adopt with
peppers yeah this is our pepper
so so the why she's trying right now had
pepper and no maple syrup but they're
all the rest of everything was the thing
right I don't get the sweetness from it
so some things like the Applewood
contributed to the sweetness of this one
but but you do still get that smoky
flavor I don't get a whole lot of I look
at a whole lot of pepper flavor but
almost like I don't know maybe like a
slightly darker okay cool um the
Applewood is a sweeter wood though so
some sweetness will come from that some
of the flavoring of stuff but it's just
not sweet as like what you got from
those that they will stir up one okay so
yeah and what was you might recall
exactly what Danny said it picks on the
phone um he said to soak it for Danny
deep self if Danny of these items have
said said to cut back on the like if it
was too salty to soak it in warm water
for 10 minutes before cooking it so
we'll give that a try when we do go
ahead and cook up another batch in and
see how that helps but I think next time
around will definitely cut back the
amount of salt right Dan
Danny's newer recipe on his site is half
the salt I believe so but overall
believe me this is very edible yes there
might be this actually missing already
it yeah we it might be too salty but it
is definitely edible we have been there
was at least six slices of each flavor
there and now there's like two and three
so yeah okay
alright guys so thanks for coming along
on the bacon ride this is worked out
great I mean it is super simple job if
you're thinking about doing it just do
it
we are going to cut back on the salt
next time might even add some more
sweetness but I'm gonna play around lots
of different and see different smokes
and then see what happens and I would
say overall it wasn't as bad as what I
thought it could drag us potentially be
definitely a little bit more salty than
what we would want but not not too
shabby no I would not if it had been our
Pig you would not have been in the
doghouse good job alright guys thanks a
lot for watching I'm Mike Jenny Pratt
family homestead please like share
subscribe check us out on Facebook and
Instagram alright thanks guys
nice