what does a girl do when she needs to
film content because she hasn't posted a
video in over a week
but she's stuck at home with no car no
method of transportation to go anywhere
and do anything cool
well she cleans out her closet and films
it for the Internet to see
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
that's right guys what's up it's Naomi
and today I'm cleaning out my closet and
taking you guys along for the journey
the ride the decluttering the organizing
super fun stuff
I mean sure on YouTube there are videos
of cute babies and puppies and dogs and
puppies and dogs are the same thing and
kittens and you know people skydiving
and doing all these cool things but
watching me this random brown girl from
Canada cleaning out her closets
it may or may not be way more exciting
spoiler alert it's definitely not
and speaking of spoiler alerts behind me
is the already cleaned up version of my
closet because I forgot to film an intro
so let's just get this video started so
let me show you what we're working with
today this is the inside of my closet
now it doesn't look that bad I actually
kind of upgraded to these velvet suede
hangers a while ago which makes the
closet look pretty decent but as you can
see everything is mixed up like I used
to have this so organized all the
sweaters together all the short sleeves
together and now it's just one big mess
so I grabbed these two laundry baskets
to serve as my donate and selling pile
and I feel like honestly this is such a
mess that we're just gonna have to start
from the beginning and clear this entire
closet out also the decorations are from
when I was maybe like 12 13 years old
okay I'm not gonna lie I was not 12
years old in 2012 but or 21 okay yeah I
guess I clearly decorated this recently
but it's hideous so just ignore that
okay I know for a fact the Live Love
Laugh the live laughs love is not even
the correct order that sign I created
when I was 13 years old I remember that
for a fact also it feels very weird
doing this in silence we need some tunes
up in here I recently created this
playlist that makes me feel
like I'm inside Hollister Old Navy
that's called a my inside holder told me
and trust me when I play these songs
you'll get what I'm saying
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
see all of this it's a lot of clothes
but it's actually only one side of my
closet I still have all of this to empty
out so it turns out I have enough
clothes to create like pretty much a ski
hill in my room not easily offended when
someone tries to tell me I'm a
Shopaholic what are you talking about
now I'm hot okay so now both sides of
the closet have been emptied I do still
have clothes like here so this is pretty
much all of my workout clothes so like
leggings t-shirts tank tops bras and
stuff like that over here bags and then
swim suits and cover-ups and all of that
fun summer stuff all right I'm going to
tackle this basically since everything
is already on hangers I'm just gonna
take that one by one and if I do like it
hang it in the closet and if I don't put
it in either the selling or donation
bins that I have I'm not gonna lie I'm a
bit intimidated and overwhelming but we
could do this we have to do this let's
do this okay so we're in my closet where
it's very echoey in here
but anyway so I've decided that one side
of my closet is going to have sweaters
and jackets and then the other side will
have like the t-shirts long sleeves
blouses and stuff like that and I do
want to make sure that's
color-coordinated because it was far
from its before and I kind of just
googled like color-coordinated closet
essentials because I'm not entirely sure
like the order of the colors but
apparently it's yellow orange pink
burgundy red purple blue green like nude
Brown Brune nude brown light grey white
dark grey black that last part kinda is
very interesting like our list that
white would be at the very front of the
closet and then block at the very black
clearly not let's see how this goes
[Music]
alright so the right side of the closet
is finished these are all the sweaters
color-coordinated I think it looks fine
also the sweaters when we start from
here ignore this part this is where I
decide to like keep the few Blazers that
I own a couple of vests that I also own
and then like really long jackets or
Blazers
but anyways sweaters from here on is all
color coordinated so these are all the
clothes that I still have and have to
fit onto the right side of my closet I
definitely have to get rid of a lot more
I mean this is the selling pile so
there's a couple items in there and then
the donation pile has one shirt I'm
clearly having trouble letting go guys I
could picture James Bay right now to
sing it to me
[Music]
why don't you be
so just started hanging stuff on the
other side of the closet but now I
realized I have another decision to make
I do not want to color-coordinate like
the entire thing like I do with the
sweaters because this is going to be a
huge mix of stuff there's gonna be like
short sleeves long-sleeved t-shirts
cardigans just a mix of everything so
what I think I'm going to do for this
side is start with like spaghetti straps
then go into t-shirts and go into like
long sleeves then go into cardigans and
then maybe dresses at the end and then
color coordinate between those groups I
mean it makes sense in my head but not
really when I say it out loud but we'll
see how this goes
[Applause]
Wow I almost forgot what my floor looked
like but mission complete all the
clothes on the floor are now hanging in
my closet all organized and neat
except I mean we do have a couple broken
hangers from me jumping on my clothes I
don't know why I thought that was a good
idea but let's take a look at the
finished closet okay so this side I am
still very iffy about also do not mind
the yellow lighting in here but I mean
like it doesn't look the nicest but
apparently this is how its organized
according to a Pinterest article that I
found I mean the sweaters look great and
then this side is still kind of a mess
so how I did it was in the front it's
just a bunch of like the really long
items that I cannot put over here
because I have those baskets and stuff
so just some long cardigans and then
really lightweight kind of jackets then
we get into whatever this is so there we
go this one already wants to commit
suicide so get me out of this closet so
these are like just chiffon like very
lightweight chiffon tank tops and then
we have this sleeveless thing that just
does not want to stay on the hanger get
back on there okay and then we have some
tank tops this is what I like to call
like my dressy work outfits I mean
obviously not this this is a going
outfit but like chiffon clear type of
things then we have sleeveless items
it's like a mix of yeah she's a mix of
ramya sleeveless stuff and then we get
into t-shirts and t-shirt dresses again
this is color-coordinated or crying to
that like Google search I still feel
weird putting like whites randomly in
the middle of like gray and black but I
don't know I guess for now no it's weird
man okay let's try to flip this around I
think I look so much better like whites
then babe this random red speck was so
ugly then
we have over here like long sleeves and
then we have like button-up shirts
starts off with a kind of like the
dressy ones then gets into denim then we
have all the plaid and then my mess of
dresses I honestly just let's just not
look at that
so that is the closet it does seem more
organized than it was before it doesn't
it I also decided to put this little
white rack to use and put all my jackets
here again I own one too many jackets
need to cut down on the denim jackets
that's for sure or at least stop myself
from buying more so this pile here is to
sell I do have a deep pop so I'll link
that down below if you guys were ever
interested in buying my stuff and then
over here it's the donation pile a lot
of sweaters honestly there's nothing
wrong with them but I had way too many
sweaters so I am going to donate these
or pass them along to my friends or
something yeah alright so I transferred
all this stuff that I'm gonna like try
to sell into this bag and then two big
garbage bags to donate well guys that
officially concludes this closet
cleaning adventure I hope that you guys
enjoyed tuning along if you did be sure
to give this video a big thumbs up and
then together we can conquer the second
part of my closet this wardrobe I mean
it's not as bad but there's definitely a
lot of stuff that can be tossed in this
closet as well so thanks again for
watching I will see you guys in my next
video bye
[Music]