[Music]
hey guys welcome back to HGTV handmade
today I'm going to be tinting mason jars
and this is actually something I tried
to do a while back off camera and it was
a complete craft fail so this time
around I'm going to experiment a little
and see if I can get it right for this
project you will need mason jars food
coloring glue and a small bowl to mix
everything up in each of these Bowls has
about one tblsp of water I'm adding
different amounts of food coloring to
each one to test out my theory that it's
the amount of food coloring that matters
for this project I added five drops to
the first 10 drops to the second and 20
drops to the third I added about 1 tbsp
of glue to the Mason jar and then I
poured in the food coloring mix this all
up
and now it's time to coat the inside of
the Mason jar make sure your work
surface is covered then twist your mason
jar around so that the color runs over
the entire inner surface you can let the
excess run back into the bowl so that it
can be reused later once your mason jar
is coated let this sit upside down for
about 10 minutes while you preheat your
oven to 200Â° f
[Music]
I placed the mason jars upside down on
wax paper then popped these in the
oven after 15 minutes I flipped these
over and warmed them for another 15
minutes I noticed that most of the color
disappeared from the first set of jars
before I even started to warm them in
the oven so I made another jar with 40
drops here's how many drops were used to
tint this set of jars anything left than
10 didn't really work so I'd suggest 20
or more I still wasn't really happy with
the results so I did a second experiment
I used acrylic paint in this jar and
then I used 60 drops of food coloring in
another
jar the acrylic paint was a complete
craft fail but I finally got the nice
blue shade I wanted with 60 drops I was
going to throw out the lighter jars and
then I realized that this makes a nice
ombre set of tinted mason jars
[Music]
have you guys ever experimented with
tinting mason jars did it work for you
leave me a comment down below and don't
forget to like And subscribe and as
always I'll see you next Friday with a
new video bye guys
[Music]