I bet you bring your stuff to the dry
cleaners don't you I bet you think you
have to bring your stuff to the dry
cleaners don't
you well I don't know if you know this
but you have another option you can
handwash now this is something I've been
doing for a long time why you ask why do
I handwash have you ever picked
something up from the dry cleaners and
thought why does this smell like
chemicals um why is is this so crunchy
this doesn't smell fresh and like
lavender and I brought it to the dry
cleaners so there wouldn't be any more
Funk under the arm and somehow there's
still a remnant of that what do you hand
wash huh well let me give you some
examples of some of the things I hand
wash this is one of my favorite
Cardigans sweaters blouses underwear a
tag will say dry clean only but you've
got to test so this is also a sweater
that I have I have washed and this is a
sweater I'll tell you the trick for how
you do it when there's multicolors or
it's a bright saturated color or it's
never been hand washed before there's a
trick that you use vinegar something
I've learned this is another one I
discovered this I had been dry cleaning
forever and I was like you know enough
with the pits that don't really smell
fresh so I tried it one day and I just
tried a sleeve I tried a section of the
sleeve I was like listen if I spill
something on this and it gets wet and
it's okay and it dries okay then I must
be able to hand hand wash it hand washed
it and this one just required a little
light ironing afterwards and then it was
like look at that fresh gorgeous
beautiful look at that who needs to dry
clean at all that money be cautious when
you hand wash don't be bold be cautious
I was bold and I did make one very big
mistake I didn't test this I didn't test
the leg I didn't test a sleeve I didn't
test an arm or a section I just threw
the sucker in the water and I washed
away
it shrunk up so not everything can be
hand washed and you really do need to
test and try and do a small section
before you do it but I had to then take
this to the dry cleaners and have them
stretch it for me because it was pulling
all up in my
tush how do you hand wash I have been
hand washing since high school it's
quite easy but I think it's important
which soap you use I have found one of
my favorite soaps that I like it's from
a company called the lawn dress and this
is my favorite one and it's for wool and
Cashmere and there's also they also make
a hand washing one and stuff like this
but find the right soap and again test
try be cautious see what you like one of
the beauties of handwashing is that you
can manipulate your own smell so if you
want to buy an unscented soap and then
use essential oils and put like one drop
in the rinse water while you're rinsing
you can put lavender in with your
clothes and they get that really fresh
clean smell um I don't put soap directly
into the armpits to release the funk but
I do while the item is in the water and
there's Suds I work it I don't work it
crazy I'm gentle with my clothing
because you don't want to get pills and
you also don't want to rip the threads
of the Fabrics gentle gentle this is
like a gentle cycle you got to get it
you're washing out the funk just wash
out the funk you know what I mean
wash it out you got to wash out the
funk this is my favorite trick for hand
washing when you hand
wash when you have to ring it out
there's no spin cycle so what you end up
doing is you end up wanting to ring your
clothes out if you ring your clothes out
you get that weird wrinkle as if you've
been sitting in the car for hours right
and it doesn't usually dry out and then
you have to iron which is not great when
you're handwashing a sweater so when you
hand wash a sweater or anything my
favorite
trick is the lettuce
dryer I came up with this all by myself
I don't know if other people do this but
it's like a spin cycle so you sort of
drop the piece of clothing in there
there's no Center like in a dryer and
it's the spin cycle you freakin spin
cycle that what oh my God it's
freaking brilliant I
I mean it's amazing dump the
water spin again and then you shake it
out again and you lay it flat now
another trick if you don't have a
lettuce dryer is instead of ringing it
out which again not a good idea take a
towel lay it out flat probably a white
towel is best lay it out flat although
there might some color might come off on
the towel lay it out flat roll the towel
toel with the clothing in
it and press I have you can stand on it
that way when you roll it back out
there's no crinkles and wrinkles in it
and it's not like got all those weird
folds in it Final Phase of hand washing
you want to lay it flat you don't want
to hang it because it'll stretch too
long unless it's something you want to
stretch you want to lay it flat I lay it
flat the way I like to fold something so
that that's or as Le as few folds as
possible so I don't know what you can
see here but if this is the sweater that
I just washed I'll lay it on a
towel and I lay it like this you don't
want to lay it in direct sunlight direct
sunlight will start to bleed the colors
or fade the colors and I literally pull
the seams I mean I'm meticulous can you
tell little crazy anyway I lay it flat I
gently do this you know when you make a
bed how you get it to lay flat pull all
the seams where they need to go lay it
nice and
flat maybe crisscross the arms a little
bit leave it overnight a couple of other
tricks if the thing that you're washing
has a pattern or has multiple colors or
has never been washed before and has a
saturated color like the first time you
wash a black sweater or the first time
or whenever you wash something that has
multiple colors and you don't want the
colors to bleed it's the same thing you
do with Easter egg dying or if you're
washing in a washing machine a cap full
of white vinegar or apple cider vinegar
will stop the Fab the colors from
bleeding I don't know what it does but
it works if you want to do one rinse
with the apple cider vinegar or put the
apple cider vinegar in when you wish
wash it in the sink um it works and then
you can also put lavender in on your
last rinse see this is a sweater that
needs a wash obviously I dribbled when I
ate dry cleaners wouldn't be able to
help that they'll just make it filled
with chemicals I washed it it's going to
smell like lavender it's going to be
brand new huh guys are going to be
jealous you're going to say how did she
get such a yummy smelling sweater you
know what I'm going to say I hand washed
it I'm
done you can lay things on the floor if
you have a kid or you have animals close
the doors so they don't go in because my
dog I don't know about yours she likes
to do this I come in she's made a bed
out of my wet sweater this is not a good
moment do you know what I mean this does
not make you love your dog this makes
you angry at your dog don't let your dog
do that close the
door give your dog an opportunity to win
don't give your dog an opportunity to
fail it's not good it's totally your
fault you'll take it out on your dog but
it's really your fault
but