hey what's up everyone eric bolling here
in today's video i want to show you how
to make the ebee drink now this drink
something I came up with couple years
ago it's helped a lot of my clients get
rid of their diet coke cravings soda
cravings etc now the drink while it may
sound weird what the main ingredients
are I guarantee you try it before you
judge it it tastes great but besides
just tasting great and helping to
eliminate cravings it can also aid with
things such as digestion improving your
gut microbiome and also improving
insulin sensitivity so let's go into
what this drink is and how to make it
okay so it's pretty simple there's only
three ingredients in here besides the
sparkling water now I have Pellegrino
here you can use Perrier or any other
type of sparkling water that you like
doesn't matter what's sparkling water
and use it's just important that you use
one because we want the carbonation for
the fizziness now when it comes to
cravings when it comes to addictions a
lot of the time if we can mimic textures
or an experience somehow we can
eliminate those cravings because it
doesn't feel like you're completely
getting rid of it now when it comes to
things like diet soda or coca-cola a lot
of the times people love the fizziness
or the burn sensation that they get on
their tongue and in their mouth so the
sparkling water acts as a base to do
that after you have the sparkling water
we got roughly eight to ten ounces in
here so right here I have organic
balsamic vinegar now this is where a lot
of people kind of they back off and
they're a little afraid to do this
because people think of balsamic vinegar
that's disgusting
etc okay well the lemon and the salt
that we have for the next ingredients
are gonna eliminate a lot of the acidity
and the smell of the vinegar same thing
with the carbonation in the water so you
just have to trust me on this one so
don't really know how much this is it's
roughly about
five to six tablespoons the brand that
I'm using is Napa Valley Naturals now
not endorsed by them but for me it's the
best balsamic vinegar that I found to
date for this drink and you can get it
at sprouts or anywhere else I highly
suggest getting a balsamic vinegar that
has five stars okay that it is organic
and when you look at the back of the
ingredients you need to make sure that
it contains no caramel colorings or
added sugars okay so the only ingredient
must be organic balsamic vinegar and or
organic grape must okay no added sugars
no added coloring that's what makes this
work so you're gonna take it and you're
gonna notice what happens to the drink
when I pour it in okay the drink turns
black now we have a fizzing black drink
okay so we're almost done with it
so the next thing now I usually prefer
using a line but I didn't have any on
hand so we're just gonna take a lemon
for this and squirt it in now I usually
use half a lemon doesn't matter if you
use a whole one it really just depends
on the size of it so now that we got the
lemon in there that's gonna kind of
eliminate that acidity that the vinegar
has and then the last ingredient which
is going to give it sort of a burning
sensation is the sea salt so I'm just
using a fine Himalayan pink sea salt it
doesn't really matter what you use I
just highly suggest using a sea salt
don't go and use like a table salt for
this and we're just gonna go ahead and
pour about 1/4 of a teaspoon now you'll
notice how it's fizzing okay because we
just added in sodium to this so now we
have a fizzing black drink that's going
to burn okay now you just go ahead and
mix it a little bit I highly suggest
doing this
I mean I usually use a mason jar don't
try squeezing all of this into a bottle
like this because you're going to have
the whole thing explode you don't want
that so you make a drink like this
the vinegar there's been a lot of
research that shows that the vinegar can
help with things such as improving
insulin sensitivity it's the same type
of thing you get with why people want to
drink apple cider vinegar okay there's
nothing real special about apple cider
vinegar the health benefits come from
vinegar itself and what it can do the
acid components that are in it so we
have the balsamic vinegar we have the
table-saw
we have the lemon and then we have the
sparkling water there is some research
the carbonated water can help with
digestion but more than anything this
isn't really a health drink but it can
be a health drink if it helps you to
eliminate certain crazies okay so I know
a lot of people think it tastes
disgusting when Tonya that tastes like a
diet coke okay so tastes amazing I've
had a lot of people give me some amazing
feedback on it I've been giving it to
clients for years I don't really talk
about it openly but I want you to go
ahead and give this a try
I include it in my free book that I just
wrote it's a 30 page guide to getting
started and getting shredded on the keto
diet and this is one of the main things
I have people start with before they
have breakfast okay so you start your
day with something like this it's going
to feel like a little cheat it's gonna
eliminate cravings it's gonna help you
digest your food better in the day and
it's also a great way just to start your
day so give it a try let me know what
you think if this is something that has
helped you leave a like leave a comment
tell me how it's helped make sure that
you subscribe and also click that Bell
icon so that you can stay notified and
until then I will see you guys next time
[Music]