I'll be making rainbow loom fishtail
bracelets today so here's what I'll be
using a rainbow loom kit now this has
everything I need and you can get this
from Michael's or mastermind toys for
about twelve dollars and it comes with a
loom rubber bands and a hook I'm about
to start the project the fishtail loom
and I'm going to be using black and
green elastic bands and I'm going to use
these two prongs right here
there are several prongs along this room
but it's just easiest to use these two
at the end and let's start the project
so I'm going to start off with the black
elastic first and I'm going to put the
first end over here and I'm going to
twist it like a figure eight and put it
on this other part so you can see what
it looks like figure eight okay I'm
going to alternate every time so now
it's time to get to the green one and
the green one I'm just going to loop in
just straight know figure eight just
straight and then I'm going to put
another black one on top again just
straight so you want to be working in
three so you want to have three parts on
the loom at all times so I've got that
done so I'm going to go to the bottom so
the black ones at the bottom and I'm
going to use this little hook thing and
I'm going to snap the elastic to the top
on the one side and I'm going to go to
the other side hook it in hook it in and
put that to the top as well
okay and so now I'm just going to push
this down a bit
I'm gonna start the process off again
using the green elastic because I'm
alternating there it is and again I go
to the bottom so
bottom is green and I'm going to do the
same go on both ends and lift the ends
up to the top push it down black do the
same thing again bottom to the top it
looks a bit messy right now but that's
okay push it down
Green is gay if it monotonous you can
just watch me do this because I'll be
repeating the same things over and over
again we'll just watch me do this I'll
speed it up
now you can see the formation of the
fishtail just give it a little tug from
the loom
okay so I've got the Loom to a length
that works for me so I'm just going to
finish it off and I'm going to start by
taking it out of the Loom so I'm just
holding on to just grabbing it just
snaps off pretty easily and there are
two elastics that are coming out the
sides so I'm just going to pull them out
see them for the next project and so
I've got these two black elastics here
and I'm going to get the c-clip so I
come to the package that the loops the
looms come with so here is a shape like
a see accordingly of course and then
it's going to UM put these are meant for
children with small fingers it's kind of
difficult for grown folk here anyway so
I have the loops and I'm putting them
through one of one end of the seat okay
got it got it so there it is right and
then I'm going to go to the other end
and I've got black on the same end two
two loops and I'm going to put them
and you can do it right so there it is
so that's how I connect the loops I made
a second fishtail bracelet using neon
bends now these bands weren't included
in the original kit so you have to buy
these separately but the nice thing is
that a separate set of bands only cost
about four dollars
I connected the ends of this bracelet
the same way I did the first using the
c-clip
so here are both my bracelets and these
were really easy to make they both took
less than 10 minutes so if you're
looking for something fun to do I
suggest using rainbow loom and making
your own bracelet if you're looking to
create something other than bracelets
using your rainbow loom check out my
video on the left hand side if you have
a smartphone you definitely should and
if you want to mix things up you can try
using and you can also click on
that video on the right so thanks again
for watching I see melanie feel free to
subscribe to my channel by clicking the
button in the middle of the screen and
until next time guys take care bye