my pets at home but you see all the
fishes here as you can see but I'm not
really sure which one I should get
there's the black moss here this ones
are 2 4 9 pounds the Rhondda mediums
goldfish is more 11 goldfish I'm not too
sure I really want to get it back more
but still deciding on that one that yeah
I'm just here to look I'm actually I'm
actually gonna buy anything today but
I'm just looking out which Marsh I think
I should get there's weather loads as
well I don't know hmm that's really cute
about this one here really cute wow
these are all the solutions which I
currently have
I already have this as well on both this
tough time I probably need this which is
a graphic cleaner so you know that or
this one which is anything
I'll probably buy that when actually get
a pet which I will actually clean my
cage alone
these are the plants don't know if
Ashley has two
you know I already have plant in my
wound I don't I've got my to gone fishes
I got these small Blackmore and the
small orange Arab and oh they grow to
about 14 to 20 centimeters so I'll show
you that in a minute but before I do
that I've got an extra s down as you can
see here I want to install that into my
run time too short they have oxygen when
they're you know about so I show you how
I installed it and set it up and
everything they can get like an idea
confident you get the chance to show
this in the previous video why unbox the
actual airtight okay
v tach so I put it on me what do you
think
some of them so what we do first is get
pipe okay like this and what I do is I
connect it to the pump and the pump will
basically pop the air that's the flick
food that I got and they lecture you I
showed you all this to prove to you and
obviously as you can see here it's
coming out of this hole as well I will
leave the link down below where I got
this from I lost about eight pounds is
cheaper than most of the other ones and
you get all the pipes and everything
within so it's pretty cool okay so the
first of always want to connect it again
this might be a bit tricky because
is it
and we want to connect us about the
backflow of the of the water okay I'm
just for this one you want to make sure
the clear end the bow is facing towards
now this is a bit of a turret this is a
bit too long so I already need to be
eating all of this I probably cutting a
bit off like I did this one so I just
cut this bit off as you can see okay and
just to check if the air is coming on I
can see how the air is coming out so I'm
skipping here this
again another nightmare guys you know
placing you know something like this
[Music]
kissing blood
I meant the bathroom of the water in
case it reaches in case when the power
gets cut off happens is the water goes
back so if you get power coming like
that the water will go back into the
filter may damage your filter inside no
it's not the impossible on the inside so
what you want to do is you want to
ensure instead as valve if you don't
have this off your kit then you can buy
it like Amazon by two pounds or pretty
good okay so
and
[Music]
hey guys it's ashli and the previous
when I push it right in okay so what
we'll do now I'm gonna put it in this at
a time okay so I actually steep back
I just really like my office right
[Music]
a small idea would have been a mistake
because I supposed to put this one on
first
[Music]
so on the inside
this check is the airflow still flowing
and it is
we connected
I love I love essence like it's just so
amazing
my boiler do you fight inside this and
I'm gonna check your work so I'm gonna
put it in and check you to work
[Music]
by the way guys do not get scared I
watch the official today I was like oh
my god cutting my hands and I'm fine I'm
happy that they said they're coming then
it should be perfectly fine okay and
slowly slowly all available eventually
[Music]
okay so you can see that the pipe
test bed
okay I do is I've got a few parts then I
should 2% of these in there I won't be
stuffing it in I'm asking my mom push
for this in shove it in all of it and
then I push it one behind the Nemo yeah
so I'm not gonna put all of the parts of
I hope you took this one in worried
about it being
okay and there we go this is the time
okay let me stop talking because I know
all of you are here to look at the
actual fish so this is the actual you
know the actual fish so this as you can
see we have the black moor which is
right there and the orange or agonda so
let's put these now in the aquarium to
acclimatize to the aquarium so as you
can see I put it in close off these I'm
running it in and I'll leave it in the
occur like this and this has to be left
in here for about I would say a good 15
minutes just to acclimatize because it
has to the conditioner temperatures
inside the actual inside the the bag for
the fish bag actually has to equal the
temperature in the water now they were
actually being so this is very important
this is a very important step anyway you
have to kind of light off that's the
main thing I want to talk to you about
because the fish experience stress when
the lights on they do so like like fluid
we can put the time to ensure that your
fish have less stress but I advise to go
in that stream in terms of stress
release but I think that you know just
having this eyes when quarantine where
you have your filter booster just make
sure that a natural bacteria grow which
is basically ensuring that your tough
water become safe eliminates interest of
nitrites nitrates ammonia all of that
good stuff
well stuff I mean and then having this
test kit as well so this is all
basically ammonium test strips five and
one I paid about ten pounds of this test
strips and you basically put it end and
just check if the pH and everything is
working so this I recommend you do every
week so once a week to just check if
everything's work everything's all good
in your in your thing you know tank and
also feed them this flake food which
I'll be feeding them I think they're
already had food in the pet shop so I
won't be feeding them in the pet now but
basically he hasn't acclimatize and then
you know make sure that after an hour of
releasing them into their until it all
new home then you start to turn on the
lights and you can do whatever you want
okay as you can see I'm a fish sometimes
well then do is I'll cope in the bag and
then what I would then do is I will
slowly slowly I would put my tap water
my water and time into this into this
bag here and hopefully the fish well you
know they will get they will you know
respond to that well okay like I saw I'm
just literally gonna put my fish okay
I'm actually advised these instruction
or to show you these now while the fish
are floating at them but it says turn
off the aquarium line is flipped it
still bugging the crap fifteen minutes
gently add some water to this bag and
reseal and they have to wait for further
15 minutes and then release it to the
aquarium
okay so
and then he has to decode anymore for at
least a week okay and oh okay so the
back actually has API stress could to
prevent your your fish from a stress
yeah that's cool so what I do now is I'm
gonna add fish fifty minutes was
probably gone already so I'm going to
smoke wearing forward to it and I'm
going to show you how I do that
okay guys I think I've added to the
walls for now and I think they're ready
to be released so let's just release
them down to the wild let's take one
okay I called it but that's just that
disposal but there they are
I need these are the goldfish I've
already just released no masses because
I just showed you and these are my two
FS turns as you can see very happy in
their environment so yeah if you want
more fish videos but if you subscribe to
my box and phone for more these videos
and leave a comment down below and tell
me what type of videos you want me to
make one day on these yo guys just me
names really thank you very much guys
have a nice day and