hey guys and W kitchen I'm Julia and
today I'm going to show you guys how to
make a delicious chocolate H Loa it is
going to be so good and then inside I'm
going to add in some homemade chocolate
ice cream and on the top as well some
homemade chocolate syrup and then some
pomegranate on the top as well it's
going to be delicious and chocolatey so
let's get started first off I have to
whisk my egg white stiff so that is just
what I'm going to
do and now I'm just going to add in my
sugar grvy while this here is so
whiskey so this year is now my
finished my and it is nice and stiff and
after I got all the sugar in I just
waste it for about 2 minutes and what I
do now is just to sip some cocoa powder
on the top
here and then I'm just going to fold it
in I'm not going to fold in completely I
kind of want some cocoa powder SW worlds
in
there this is now looking good and now
I'm just going to place it in a Piping
Bag with a tip in and you decide what
tip you want to use because you decide
what pattern you want in there but I'm
going to use a rose tip so I've just
added about half in here because I kind
of really fit everything in here and
then a roast tip out here and I've just
prepared two baking sheets with some
paring paper on and I've just kind of
made a circle on them just kind of the
size I want to have them in and my oven
is already preheated to 95° C convection
oven and if you don't have convection
just have it at around 105
[Applause]
110°c so what I do is just
to kind
of work my
way around
here and then just
[Music]
inside and then what I kind of do is to
trying to create
some
little flowers on the side here not that
I am that creative but I'm still going
to give this here A
go so I'm just going to do this here all
the way around and I'm going to do one
more as well and after that they are
ready to be baked in the oven for about
2 hours and then I'm going to turn the
oven off and let it stay stay in there
to cool down for about 1 to 2 hours
[Music]
more so they are now done in the oven I
gave them about 2 hours and then I just
let them cool down for 2 hours more in
there and I've just taken them out here
on table and just let them cool down for
about 15 minutes more now I'm ready to
assemble it and I'm just going to use
some homemade chocolate ice cream you
can also use starboard and then I'm also
going to use my homemade chocolate syrup
and if you want to give it that a go
I'll just leave a link for that down
below and I'm also going to use some P
pomegranates for the top it is going to
be ABS delicious so yeah let me guys
assemble it and then it is ready to be
saved
[Music]
what
[Music]
so guys I really hope you enjoyed this
here for my paoa ice cream cake it is
absolutely delicious so give it a go all
the viws are down below in my
description and don't forget to
subscribe here and I hope to see you
guys again tomorrow bye