hi I'm Phyllis my website is seven
frugal calm today we're going to make a
simple very simple vanilla pudding and
I'm gonna make this in my double boiler
which I got for Christmas from mr.
Buckey but you can make this right in a
saucepan you'll just have to stir it all
the time so it doesn't scorch on the
bottom all right
very simple recipe and I am gonna leave
this recipe right down below alright
we're ready to get started so I've got a
lot of water in the bottom part of my
double boiler now you want to make sure
it does not touch the bottom of the pan
you're using you can use a glass bowl
and just you know make do with that
alright so the first thing we're gonna
do it's put in 1/3 cup of sugar to that
we're gonna add 2 tablespoons of
cornstarch get all that out of there and
we're gonna add 1/8 of a teaspoon or
just a good pinch of salt we're gonna
whisk that together and the reason we do
that is said the sugar will break out
the little little lumps and the
cornstarch that sugar really does a good
job at doing that or you could sift it
but this is a lot easier alright
to this we're gonna add 2 cups of whole
milk and you could use low-fat milk I
suppose I don't think it would be as
good with that but you could alright so
now we're just gonna use the whisk and
get that cornstarch dissolved
that sugar kind of dissolved now that
milk was cold alright because I'm making
this in a double boiler it's gonna take
a lot more time but I don't have to
stand here and stir it all the time
alright so we'll be back maybe 10 or 15
minutes when this gets good and hot
alright I mixed your milk
cornstarch and the sugar is just a
little bit thick now so we're going to
go ahead and temper our our eggs so this
is two egg yolks
I'm just gonna dip some of this mixture
in have it fall down in there and just
quickly stir those eggs mix those eggs
up real good the egg yolks now we're
gonna add it to this other mixture while
you're constantly beating it because you
don't want scrambled eggs in this
keep mixing - you don't see any more of
the yoke now let's see if we can get the
rest of this habit here
I mix that up too real good so what I
did was I left it cooking for about five
minutes came in and stirred it a little
bit then left it another five minutes so
altogether it's been about 10 minutes
and of course you don't have to stand
here and stir it all the time alright so
we're gonna leave it for another five
minutes and let those egg yolks
completely get gone done all right the
pudding has gotten up past 140 degrees
and it has taken about 30 minutes but I
didn't have to stand here and stir it
all the time now if you make this in a
regular pot and you you're not using a
double boiler you'll need to use a
straight edge spatula to continuously
scrape the bottom of the pot you could
use one like this just make sure it's a
straight edge and when you're stirring
it you can get everything up off the
bottom and I would cook it on medium low
that would be best
alright so now that it's all thick we're
gonna go ahead and add two tablespoons
of butter you stirring that around until
it melts
like that and again the the purpose of
the double boiler is so you don't have
to worry about the the pudding scorching
on the bottom of the pot I think I did a
video I can't remember what it was maybe
butterscotch pie or something then I
scorched the bottom of the pot because I
turned away from it maybe less than 30
seconds that's how quick it can scorch
so if you're making this just in a
regular pot have your burner oh it
probably medium-low I would never cook
it on medium and also stir it constantly
all right so now we're gonna add vanilla
now this is a old recipe and it says to
add two teaspoons of vanilla but I don't
like that much vanilla so I'm just
adding one one teaspoon
and just keep mixing it out
like that
all right so there you have it just
plain coat vanilla pudding made in a
double boiler and the reason that that
again is so it doesn't scorch on the
bottom and you don't have to stand here
you know all the time and stir it yeah
if you make it in a pot without the
double boiler stir it constantly and it
won't take near as long but you'll have
to stand and stir it the whole time all
right I'm gonna dump these in the bowl
hold on a minute
all right there's what the pudding looks
like and it's a that's a one cup serving
it turns out real smoothie now if you
don't want the film to form on top just
cover it with some saran wrap and you
want to put it in the refrigerator now
we'd like ours warm so this is gonna be
our dessert today so hold on a minute
we'll talk about this all right I want
to talk to you about the pudding now you
could make butterscotch pudding and you
can also make chocolate pudding using
this exact same recipe so what I'm gonna
do is list it down below to make the
butterscotch all you do is substitute
two-thirds of a cup of brown sugar and I
would definitely use dark brown sugar
for the 1/3 cup sugar and if you want to
do chocolate you would add some cocoa
and you would add a little more sugar I
think half a cup anyway I'm gonna list
all three of them right down below so
you can turn this into any kind of
pudding you would like you can also use
the little chocolate morsels once the
puddings done just mix them up in there
let them dissolve and you'll have
chocolate pudding so here's something
that that I do that I think makes our
meals better so when you're having
leftovers which is what we're having
today I'm gonna we're going to have
leftovers from a roast I fixed on Sunday
and what you want to do is have
something else to
you cooked that you didn't have on
Sunday so in this case it's going to be
the homemade vanilla pudding and we'll
have the roast and everything or you can
make something different like by adding
a salad a fresh salad just something
different that you didn't have the first
time you had the meal that's what works
for us anyway works for me and mr.
Buckey likes it
alright y'all we will see y'all next
time I hope you'll give this a try and
again I'm gonna leave the recipes in the
show more section right down below for
all three types butterscotch chocolate
and the one we're having plain vanilla
all right we will see y'all next time
bye for now