welcome today we're here at the gardens
of Ancients where we are getting ready
to make what we call our in brochure we
take frozen grape juice we use at least
three cans of frozen grape juice this is
called a carboy this is what's thirty
mixed in carboy trade double boiler and
those are the essential parts at the
well besides the we use reverse osmosis
water that you go we'll go through it
all in just a minute
I'll put it all together but these are
the essential parts for the first steps
in making our gardens of ancients
world-famous ambrosia okay
now the first thing we do you can't walk
through the camera there is unwrapped
the sterilized carpet now this is
something we use here because we we mass
produce it here gallon jugs with white
knock on our mowers more what you would
find at the home use need a photo first
step in our process of making our
world-famous there Brody this before our
frozen
well let's roll and we use three cans
for each any type of frozen grape juice
whatever your flavor whatever your
personal favorite is is really which
it's your choice we prefer to great
though but people have been known to use
have the cherry capital raspberry just
plenty better reduce slightly like the
world and fortunately for us we have us
these reverse osmosis water which we
find this the best clean resource like
the water to use
this is just normal tie back shipping
material it breathes basically it
doesn't allow anything by the hair to
get in there and the way we attach it to
that
so we have immediately your growth it
has a chance to do it while it's rolling
this is what we found works best and
we're in the pasteurization room as well
as we call it we have any hot plate set
up with heat-resistant tiles the water
is still in there the juice is going in
there it's just like it was when we left
a little bit of firmly turned on
and what we do again we have this setup
for you through use of years of
experience that when we turn this
particular hot plate on for about an
hour it will get to the desired
temperature of 170 175 degrees which is
necessary for pasteurization from the
scientific world and again this is just
a cover to keep the heat from escaping
give it an all around of the mini pipe
feeding and all we do now is wait for an
hour you let this cook for an hour did
you go through my barrier that will come
back and then that little pie come back
in about 30 minutes and then an hour to
make sure that it's doing what it's
supposed to just to make keep your eyes
on but essentially that's the
pasteurization look at it right here now
with the pasteurization this has been
sitting at 175 for well it's about an
hour and a half now but the last 30
minutes is the most important so I've
tested it the temperature is still
hovering around between 170 and 175 is
what we like so all we do in the office
is we're going to take it out and chill
it it sits here until it's room
temperature and once it reaches it
reaches room temperature then we will do
go to the inoculation phase which is
going to be handled in the second part
of this video so stay tuned for all
sorts of exciting stuff welcome back to
the gardens of Ancients today today we
are going to inoculate with our Amanita
muscaria mushroom the pasture the
pasture ID is grape juice that we
created a day ago and the utensils that
we need the mediums are as small as it
is it's like eighth of a teaspoon size
and this is the process of inoculation
for the Amanita muscaria ambrosia that
we may
first you take the top off oh by the way
it's best to do this in a vent you know
a non ventilated area where there's not
much wind and not a lot of moisture as
dry as possible and his column is in the
air as possible the amount we use is
that might even be too much you consider
too much but that's the amount I pulled
off this time when we take the top off
drop it in and put that top that down so
we retain the pasteurization or the the
cleanliness of the inside of that as as
much as possible and then we just place
the tape it back over the find that
paper that keeps it bleeding
wellthen up a little bit to make sure
that the review had about the oxygen or
they are getting into it and make sure
that the band of the rubber bands are on
there as tight as possible and that's it
today for the inoculation part of the
ambrosia
okay here we are today it's been
perfecting the ambrosia lab we have a
21-day growth for our ambrosia
with with the enmity to mushroom this is
produced later there's a skin and then
this is the fleece this is very healthy
looking fleece in regards to what we're
actually looking for this is kind of
like almost perfect as I would like to
say the next step in the process in our
process is to have a jar to pour it off
into separating the fleece from the
juice so we take this off pist up we
have our strainer and I'm a gallon sized
jar to retain the juice
I'm very small any we pour the juice
into the jar
restraining is for any residual pieces
of oh I don't know skin that might be
undesirable in the finished product so
this is why we strain it so it's
beneficial to have whatever size jars
are going to pour it often to know how
much juice you know to begin with and
over a period of time you kind of
keeping that out but we know we're going
to get about a gallon on each batch when
we do it with them and I know I'm
blocking it so but the main thing is
that we're showing you how to he's just
a simple pour off kind of let this sit
on top like that wait till it starts
dripping and then we'll know that we
pretty much got there's the drip make it
and that's about as much as we want to
get from that
now the next step we do get this out of
the way and cover this we're going to
transport this off to our kitchen we let
this sit blink so until we're ready to
come back in a couple hours because we
can harvest lease from the skin which we
can use to make future generations the
description of what we're using for the
the carving process of the immune even
we have a pot of boiling water stainless
steel bowl in the expo ambrosia then we
just poured it off we've got some
sterilized mason jar
what we need to get started in this part
of the fight first thing before you I'd
say about half
this lid that's been keeping the steam
in there goes that proper hearing
replace this hump up with a little one
and we wait and while awaiting least
were it needs to reach to a certain
temperature I believe it's about one
well they'd like to honey for the
burning off of the Testament they're
trying to get rid of
and one of the things that you really
need to do when you're making this like
we do is the start occasion it it brings
out it brings to the top it evaporates
what assets and encourages we are trying
to get rid of it but over a period of
time this is probably not as old as my
whole process but we a couple of years
ago we recently found that when we take
sugar and sprinkle it on top there's a
reaction that shows us and there's the
reaction that shows us when we get that
much foam from the sugar that we're
still at least 30 minutes to maybe an
hour away from the DM Foley be carved
and we like to keep stirring that
because that's what we're trying to get
rid of eventually when we drop sugar in
it at some point when they could be
anywhere between an hour after we start
and two hours after we start that when
the sugar is dropped in there will be no
reaction norm
all right so we're hearing the the end
of this we're gonna pour a little bit
more sugar in and get a shot of it I
don't believe anything we'll come back a
little much but if we're not seeing any
for a white poem and we know we're right
then when your skirt is to see a little
something so we have weed we'll let the
society put it in Nice some journals
because this will eventually be shipped
off to remember the society doing this
at home you can just about you use any
glass jar or the resalable pump if
you're gonna drink it right away they're
going to store it you want to put it in
mason jars
part of the process I mentioned earlier
was the harvesting of the fleece and we
like to get at least two samples from
each batch for future generations so the
process of doing that well basically
here's the container with the old fleet
or the nucleus in it and this is
basically just if you can focus on that
as a it's a barbecue skewer that's been
bent to 45 degrees it's got a nice sharp
point on it you know we have found this
works really well then extracting the
bits of place that we want so to do that
we take the paper off stick the sit
inside you just drag it along the top of
the fleece yeah we got a nice piece
there we just pop that in there like
like so and we're going to put in about
two pieces in each jar just for the sake
of posterity as big as they come okay
there's one that we have and these live
over here for the next time we're at
some point in the future when we want to
use the fleece as opposed to the powder
Amanita or making the embroidery