[Music]
hi my name's fernon Blackmore I'm the
development chef at gressing and foods
and cooking duck is one of my favorite
things and today I'm going to show you
how to cook the perfect whole gressing
and duck here I have the duck in front
of me and the first thing I'm going to
do is remove the giblets which is very
easy to forget these can be used to help
make a lovely gravy or St so I should be
doing that
later next thing I'm I've trimmed the
fat from around the cavity to expose it
and I'm going to prick the skin on top
here mainly around the leg area but a
few on top of the breast as well okay
just to get those fat juices
released okay something I also will do
now while I season it is use some herbs
for the cavity this gives it a little
extra dimension of flavor okay I'm going
to use rosemary bay leaf and a little
bit of garlic but you can use your
favorite herbs lemon thyme whatever you
prefer it's important not to stuff the
cavity too much cuz this interrupts the
air flow okay next I'm going to season
it all over a little bit inside
there okay and then on top got some
lovely sea salt a little bit of cracked
black
pepper okay this is ready to go now this
is a 2 kilo duck and that's going to be
cooked for 1 hour 40 minutes for
specific times check the website cuz
it's related to the weight of it I'm
going to cook it for a total as I said
of 1 hour 40 minutes I'm going to start
off with half an hour at 220Â° centigrade
and I'm going to turn it down to about
170 for the remaining cooking time okay
we're ready to
go now there we have it perfect whole
roast gringham duck now it's very
important to rest this before serving it
so I'm going to rest it for at least 15
minutes so that the moisture can travel
back through the bird make it really
succulent so I'm going to cover it with
foil and then if you want to see how to
carve the duck look on the website for
our carving video