hi I'm Joanie Hilton your YouTube mom
today I'm going to give you a trick
you're going to wonder how you lived
without sometimes when we're cooking and
baking our measuring cups and our
measuring spoons end up in the
dishwasher and yet we still need a
measuring cup and a measuring spoon
here's how to work it if you have a 1
cup measure pour it into a standard
drinking glass whatever you use at your
home so that you know roughly where the
1 cup mark is as you can see in this
glass it's right there now I will always
know at least my glasses have little
marks but you can eyeball it know that
half a cupful or whatever that that
measures a cup and you can do the same
with your measuring spoons let's say you
want to know what what of your spoons
holds an exact tablespoon will you take
one of your big serving spoons and voila
mine absolutely measures exactly a
tablespoon you can do it too the same
with a tea spoon it's also good to know
if it doesn't work then you don't use
that so here's a teaspoon of liquid if I
pour it into one of my smaller spoons
perfect now I'll pour that back in now
whenever I can't find my measuring cup
or spoons because they're already dirty
I can use other things in my kitchen and
so can you
I'm your YouTube mom we'll see you next
time