it's 1:00 in the morning right now and I
just saw a really huge freaking bug and
it was nasty and it was like that big if
you can even see that and it was just ah
why is it so disgusting and it was
yellow and black and I didn't know what
it was and I saw one of these before and
I was freaking out cuz I'm like why is
it in my room I mean I squished it and
I'm like what if there's Mor you know so
I went online to figure out what these
things are turns out they house
centipedes and that freaking gross me
out because I hate zened with a passion
they're freaking disgusting so I did
some research on how to kill house
centipedes and all I'm getting is they
love to live in basements and Dark
Places well guess where my room is kids
in a basement in a dark basement
cool so far all of the crap on how to
get rid of them is Squish them with a
shoe
or squish them with a shoe that didn't
help at all and what actually pisses me
off is that there's things on the
internet that says you know what they
eat other bugs they eat cockroaches and
spiders and you know ants and stuff so
instead of trying to kill these little
creatures since they don't bite and
they're not poison is why don't you just
accept them and keep them as friends to
which I say no because it's a really
freaking gross creature and I don't like
that in my house especially in my room
especially in my bed and I don't know
how I'm supposed to sleep I don't like
that at all so I'm making a video
instead crap so okay here's what I want
you guys to figure out for me do me a
huge favor figure out how to kill like
get rid of a huge Army of house
centipedes because I don't know how many
are in my house in my room there could
be 50 million right below me I'm on my
bed right now and I'm too scared to even
touch the
ground
um that's the thing you know
spiders big bugs don't bother me but
these things are disgusting and I can't
I will not tolerate I won't
so help me Obi-Wan Kenobi you're my only
hope speaking of Star Wars but not
really tomorrow I'm going to be
answering all of your questions that you
asked me thank you very much for those I
got a lot more than I thought I think I
have 10 or 11 right now which is
awesome so cool I'll see you guys
tomorrow hopefully I will not be dead
tired from staying up freaking out about
being eaten alive by a giant freaking
centipede uncool