hello everybody welcome to another
episode of hillbilly wine 101 and
tonight I got something that every
single one of you have heard of I'm not
sure how many of you have actually had
this is local wine and it is a
summertime classic serve chilled let's
see what the husband does Orchard Creek
sweet watermelon wine made with a
hundred percent real fruit fruit table
line it's got a picture of a sliced and
this just looking for Melanie rich
watermelon flavor as it's served from
the vine served chilled
Kentucky proud produced and bottled by
Elk Creek Vineyards owing t'en Kentucky
couldn't find an ATV this was $7.99
$7.99
let's see real work photos gonna be a
screw cap not a big deal but it seems to
be the old quarterly alright so writing
on it what it is real and here we go
folks we're going wine but it is a
yellow with the slightest tinge of
orange it looks like yellowish orange
and I'm hoping that this does taste like
warm milk because I love watermelon and
on a really hot summer night
I don't think to be much better than a
wine that tastes like it or not
well
smells like a combination of a water
bone and a peach candy rancher whatever
the hell those candies are Jolly Rancher
I said candy ranch so I don't need them
but I they come in those packs Jolly
Ranchers
smells
okay so trumpet I should warn Oh wine
that smells now like peach utter percent
peach no now it's developing folks okay
now it's like watermelon it's it looks
just putting that let's say 60%
watermelon and 40% peach hey we're gonna
leave it at that it's called and as it
warms up it's going to develop you're
gonna get better nose out if I have it
really cold here we go
well
all right
first of all feels that it is sweet
it tastes like peach and when you
swallow it the aftertaste tastes like
watermelon but other than the sweetness
which is really upfront and the peach
and then the watermelon a little bit of
bitterness
once again I look at it like an adult so
right it's an adult soft drink take the
place of a soft drink so it's sweet wine
I feel like smelled with back-forth pink
peach and watermelon and I think the
taste is peach followed by watermelon
well it's 100 percent watermelon and
it's sweet and it's kind of thick so
that's what you looking for then this is
the one for you sit that back stiffen it
Swedish peachy watermelon tea wine with
a lot of sweetness alright so described
it for you that's this one maybe I'll
try some other watermelons and see but
that's what I got out of this one [ __ ]
so subscribe and share and cheers
everybody