you
[Music]
well you all know I live for food right
if there's one more thing I live for and
that is love love for my family love for
all of you and well Valentine's Days off
from the corner isn't it
so why not celebrate love with some
young food today I'm going to make red
velvet pancakes and along with being
really sumptuous they are also healthy
well let's say they are healthier than
your regular pancakes wanna know how
follow me all right let's hit it and it
starts with these simulation goomy's
antics they are really yummy and as you
know I can't help it I have to tonight
tell me to ask you anything that are
mixed so let's begin first I'm going to
break an egg in a bowl I'm going to beat
it is a thumping soup
pancake kitchen something I know most of
the people have it for breakfast so do
we
sometimes these max as a meal as well so
I see to make it as early as I'm with
you so now I'm going to beat your
fiction it's nice and strong
now I'm going to add about half a cup of
milk to my egg now I'm going to add my
vanilla extract to this a regular
vanilla continues cause a crash
half a teaspoon now I'm going to beat
this again for another couple of minutes
okay all right now comes just healthy
body
so usually pancakes are made with method
right but I am using my lovelies
multigrain other than this so I'm going
to weigh out my multigrain attack
I want about 50 grams of this and here
in the ziplock bag I have my lovely
Almanza I will almost guarantee oh my
god
almond flour is very expensive relative
expensive but not as much if you make it
at home now how do you make it at home I
left off in two I'm going to measure the
Chow time is about 20 grams of this
lovely almond flour basically what you
have to do is just blanch your almond
okay then you feel them then dry it out
completely and then grind grind grind
grind right and you put your arms last
only thing is you have to be careful
while you're grinding your armored claw
it should not reach to the point where
it starts releasing its oil so what I do
is I make my almond flour in big
quantities and then I put it in a
ziplock bag and put it in the freezer so
whenever I need and whenever I need to
add a little extra dash of health or
anything that I made for my son then it
comes out of the freezer
alright now I am going to add some
baking powder to this now I'm going to
add a pinch of salt to my batter and
don't be surprised you add the salt
usually making my observable a
forgettable happen they always say add a
pinch of salt in the pancakes of you add
a pinch of salt in rings of the
sweetness but now I am going to put my
dry ingredients into my egg and milk
mixture and I'm going to do that this
seep so that I have a nice fine batter
ready for me receive this directly
what I like to do whenever I'm mixing
dry ingredients to wet ingredients I
like to ask little by little because
Johan the elements create key Ahana
hamari milk or egg k mixture may we
don't want it to completely go so
lightly we are going to fold this in and
then I'm going to add the rest of the
grinder
[Music]
captain Pole with a very gentle hand
I'll mix the entire battle so that there
are no lumps and then they're going to
fasten magic ingredient ok and now let
me move this bowl aside and get shopping
Bossier and glue to shop a banana you
don't want to smash it in you want to
make small dices little peel it and chop
it use a nice dry banana in fact the
riper the banana the better riches
there's more iron more antioxidants so
let's go by the fury and try and use and
ripe a banana as you can
I always like to add natural sweetness
if you want you can add a spoon of sugar
but I'm gonna avoid it because any case
my son loves sweet things my husband
love chanita so whenever I can avoid it
I'll avoid it well pancake Itsuki I have
they can always top it up with maple
syrup or any other chocolate sauce that
they like so you can always add with the
sweetness on top as well if you want I
am going to avoid adding the sugar in my
butter so here you go my bananas are
chopped and bring my bowls back
and we'll just add the bananas to my
patio
add some nice created little balls of
iron full of antioxidants it creates and
health creating new red blood cells so
basically there is no way you cannot
include this in your diet and what
better way to do it
velvet pancakes is a beautiful color and
of course the dash of health just see
how beautifully this color is really
change and become what we want so I've
added about 30 grams of grated beetroot
okay now last but not the least I'm
gonna add some melted butter to my
batter cute I'll talk to the batter and
I'm gonna keep this bowl of butter handy
because I'm gonna use them while making
my pancakes right now give this a nice
mix and now in the footage butter in the
fridge for about 15 minutes and let it
cool here here's my batter and now I'm
going to get ready for the final making
of the pancakes lovely color has gone
I'm going to add some yummy chocolate
chips inside not too many a little bit
after all it's Valentine's and what
Valentine is complete without a
chocolate collect added some chocolate
chips into our batter you know I'm going
to put the gas on and heat my fam a
little bit now the trick about pancakes
is that you cannot add any oil and
butter directly to the pan and then add
your batter what you need to do is you
need to take a little bit of oil or
butter in a clean napkin and wipe your
brand with
then you get that beautiful even color
in your pancake
quickly spread it out now mind you these
panties are going to be slightly thicker
than the usual because we have bananas
they have beetroot and chocolate and
they want enough to be in the shape that
you want to but I have a solution for
that well it's Valentine's Day and we're
going to cut these with these beautiful
heart-shaped cookie cutters right and
give it a nice shape so don't worry
about your pancakes in fact if you want
to put a lot of the battle together and
spread it out in your dad man you can
even do that because you're going to cut
them out right so lovely the pancake is
cooking if you want you can cover it up
also and you cover this up so that it
gets nice thick cooks from top so when
you flip the pancake you have to spend
another 20 to 30 seconds and you can
take it out
[Music]
looking beautiful
so now the moment you see the sides of
the pan cake dried up that's when your
cue is there to flip the pancakes now
let's take these this beautiful fan
check out
so big beautiful
all right so my beautiful pancakes are
ready after the future price model
I gotta get for these heart-shaped
cookie cutters now every evening
[Music]
beautiful
lovely quick cut more effective
now this job is done my heart-shaped
pancakes are ready and it's cooking whip
up some mascarpone cheese and some fresh
cream with a little bit of sugar an
amazing spread that is enough selphie
pancake with come on the bullier all you
do is mix some fresh cream here I've got
my mascarpone cheese
I need about 20 grams of after sugar
lovely here
[Music]
all right I have this lovely vanilla
court with me and just scrape it with a
sharp knife and when we use the food
from inside cream that I have these
little games and Casilla scrape it and
add it
okay now the reason I've used vanilla
pod and not vanilla offense is because I
wanted to really look to my mascarpone
which as you can see I have achieved all
I need to do is my final presentation
and for that I have ice blue color black
already so what am I going to do I'm
going to take some smoked mascarpone
cheese with the help of a spoon and a
screen to just put a dollop like this
okay no crease everything no Java very
hopeful you have to do is just put a
dollop and spread it's gone do it don't
worry just do whatever you like you can
put it in a piping bag and spread it out
as well now come my lovely red velvet
pancakes
all right so my pancakes are ready now
can garnish it with whatever you want in
fact you can omit it out of your batter
the chocolate chips and sprinkle them on
top as well
you can add some mint leaves you can
just play Magic with them for the moment
finally having my baby
valentine's Day is ready come on
aha
these are my favorite holiday by the
wick please do subscribe like and share
we have the best chef and beyond
so keep spreading the love this happy
Valentine's Day from me to you bye