hey everybody I am Toya bod the
executive chef at delas catering and I
am going to present to you today a
fabulous simple New Orleans favorite
recipe for prings and it's going to be
very simple I don't want anybody get
intimidated by making candy because it
is kind of you know tricky sometimes but
we're going to do a method that I have
uh accured over time and it's going to
be without thermometer and it's going to
be without a softball test so we're
going to go straight into the
ingredients I have 6 tablespoons of
unsalted butter I have uh 3/4 of a cup
of light brown sugar and I have a cup
and a half of white sugar and I also
have a cup and a half of uh chopped
pecans and some of them are almost half
because I want that texture different
but anyway I have a half a cup of
evaporated milk not whole milk though
you can use whole milk but evaporated
milk gives that good creamy New Orleans
flavor and I also have extract instead
of adding vanilla today I'm going to add
caramel just for a little Pizzazz now on
to the tools you will need a wooden
spoon um you can use a metal spoon if
you like but I just prefer to use a
wooden spoon because that's what I'm
comfortable with uh two cour Pot and
also parchment paper this is an
important factor of the probably making
because you don't want to use wax paper
but if you do use wax paper you have to
line the bottom of uh the line
underneath the paper with newspaper so
nothing none of the residue from the wax
on the paper will come onto your
countertop or Island if you have one so
parment paper allows everything to come
up very easily with no mess very easy
clean up so now we're going to get on to
the method and we're going to go over to
the
stove all right
so now we're going to empty everything
into the pot except for the extract
going to put the butter in the
pot the
milk the
sugars now let me explain a little bit
about this
process so the the thing that's so
different about this is
that um I found that do using the
thermometer and trying the other
conventional methods that I knew about
the softball test sometimes with me
because you know I just wasn't really
comfortable with the whole idea of candy
making because it's really the tips that
you need that really carries over to
making a really good candy and knowing
one thing that regular boiling for candy
is not the same as you see with water
it's bubbles right with this we want to
get into a nice volcanic boil where it's
going so it's like that so that's
exactly what we need to happen with this
the first boils is fine it's a little
bit of a part already in a pot there's
actually two boils that happen before
we're we get to the boil that we're
looking for the first boil is really
quick it's nice bubbles all over the pot
the second bow is kind of quick and uh
uh explosive a little bit of some time
of it will pop out the pot that's fine
but soon as that nice thick frothy it
almost looks like caramel clouds that's
what it starts to look like um soon as
that begins to come we turn it down to
medium and then we cook it for only 3
minutes exactly okay so only 3 minutes
exactly that's how long we'll be cooking
the candy and well the sugars and the
reason why we want to cook it for that
amount of time because we want to take
this sugar and drag it to a syrup and
then pull it right back down to a sugar
again and make it candy okay so I'll see
you right at that boil that I'm looking
for all right so now it's at the point
where we want it you see the way it
looks it's a nice volcanic type boil and
that's what you're looking for now you
move it down to medium set the timer for
3 minutes and then you let that cook for
3 minutes and you don't have to worry
about stirring if you get nervous you
can swipe your spoon around the bottom
of the pot to make sure nothing is
sticking but you'll be fine I promise so
you let this keep going for 3 minutes
and then after that the next crucial tip
comes and that's the stirring so um soon
as this finished we'll get on to the
stirring and then you'll see EX exactly
how easy candy making really is all
right so now that we've taken it off the
stove after 3 minutes is up it's nice
and creamy exactly where you want it but
it's not done yet so this is the point
where you would normally do a softball
test but this is my um method that I've
crewed over time of talking to different
candy makers and stuff so now we're
going to continuously stir the pot
because you're not stirring it to mix it
you're stirring it to actually
incorporate cool air into the pot to get
the candy to get back down from that
syrup level to a sugar level so now
we're going to keep stirring it and the
time amount that you can say uh I know
you would think that well how long would
you stir it for how do you know okay
well this is how you know you take it
and then when it's time you're going to
hear a nice scrape on the side of the
pot you're going to be able to hear it
when it's time so you keep stirring it
and this is the point where you add the
extract you add about a teaspoon of the
extract into the pot and the reason why
you don't add it into earlier cuz you
don't want it to really cook out or
anything like that with all that high
heat and you want the fragrance to be
really potent in there and the flavor to
be present so now we're going to keep
stirring it I can smell that good
caramel um there's this is also the
point that stirring process when you
could add chocolate to it if you want to
add um coconut anything different
flavors you can also add uh regular
baker's chocolate and then add mint
extract and then it can have a really
really good flavor as well so now let's
see all right it's almost there and it's
nice and creamy going to let you see it
in just a moment and it's just as simple
no thermometer nothing like that we're
just going to keep it rolling and keep
it stirring until it's time and if the
candy begins to harden in the pot what
you can do is uh take a cap full of milk
just a cap and then pour it into the pot
it won't change the flavor or anything
like that but it'll bring it back to the
this really creamy consistency that I
have right now so now that it's getting
really really thick let's see okay so
now the scrape uh that you're going to
hear on the side of the pot it's really
the candy getting hard on the side of
the pot so now this is the what is
supposed to look like see it's nice and
thick exactly the way you want it now
you can do smaller pieces if you like
smaller candies I prefer to do nice
mediumsized ones so people won't go back
to the pan over and over again to get
new ones but um you can definitely make
these really good Christmas gifts they
don't take time to settle like Christmas
gifts for staff employees um if you want
to send some out with Christmas cards or
anything like that it would be a great
idea um since we're using caramel a nice
idea would be to take corar salt and put
corar salt on top of it to give it a
nice salted caramel kind of feel and
just a few moments after this candy
settles I'm I'm going to show you
another trick that you can do with this
candy that'll make a delicious
dessert okay so um here's a quick bonus
tip if you want to do something else
with the Prine mixture you can also make
it up like normal right take a pan of
brownies which I already have uh
prepared take a pan of brownies and
instead of spooning it on the parment
paper you can directly put it on top
of the brownies and it can cool and form
prowling brownies now it's very
delicious once it's cools um you can
choose to heat it up uh if you like a
little bit afterwards uh maybe serve it
with some ice cream if you like but
we're going to SM we going to smear
smear this around um on top of the
brownie
mixture here we go put this over here
now this is where it gets really tricky
mix it up get it on top you want a good
layer over the
pan this on top cuz this is going to dry
and be nice good gooey candy and when we
come back the next scene you'll see
exactly what it looks like once it's
finished okay so now that we finished
both the prolines and we've also um
finished the Prine brownies too so
they're very delicious I hope hope you
try them I hope you try the pring recipe
as well switch it up a little bit add a
little few different extracts if you
like maybe dip a few in chocolate who
knows I don't know have some fun with it
but I want to thank you for stopping by
uh to delas catering at youtube.com and
again if you haven't follow me on
Instagram Toya bod on Instagram you can
also find me on Twitter as well Toya bod
b o u d y and thank you for stopping by
see you next time
n