lalala
what's going on everybody welcome back
to another episode of bullpens TV got my
daughter here Madeline sorry I haven't
posted a video lately I did record two
videos but I just didn't like the way
that came out so today I'm going to do a
quick video on my update on my or random
fish tank I'm going to kind of explain
to you how it's set up just in case for
somebody that wants to set up an
aquarium this small they kind of get an
idea what they need to buy and what they
need to get I'm also going to change the
water at this time so I'm going to kind
of run through the water changing
maintenance that I do on my aquarium I'm
going to tilt the camera around so here
we go guys the aquarium is a 20 gallon
aquarium that I have I have an Aranda
and a little pleco in there he's
probably about what three inches at this
point I think I got him at an inch
though Randa is doing really good like I
said this is a 20 gallon tank on top I
have a current LED light it's pretty
cool it has a remote with different
modes
it'll dim it put a black light brighter
it also has a bunch of different effects
like it will simulate storms and
cloudiness and all kinds of stuff on top
I have a aqua clear 50 gallon 50 filter
in here
I love these filters on simply because
they're so versatile you could put
different things in there kind of
customizing the way you want these are
the best filters that I recommend aqua
clear 50 add a heater I have I have a
box over here I have the viva aqua
kourt's 200 200 watts this has been a
really good heater never I haven't had
any problems with it I believe this is
the first time I use this company so
like I said it's a really good heater
different like okay so I'm going to kind
of go the maintenance also the water
pump I mean the air pump
I forgot what brand is this one I think
it's a whisper
yeah whisper forty you could get these
anywhere they sell them anywhere I've
always used them I've never had a
problem after a while um they do start
getting noisy so but they're a good pump
for the price no mama
no no no I have my electrical panel up
hanging anytime you have electricity and
water you always want to make sure that
the electricity courts don't go down to
them to the plug so I have it on a
little little breaker right here as you
guys can see everything if water was to
drip down it'll just fall down there
pump also or air pump also you want to
have it high and you also want to have a
check valve connected to your water pump
just so your air when you turn off the
air doesn't turn into a siphon and mess
up your air pump so you always want to
have a check valve to it I have the
aqueon
siphon these are good I've had Python
siphons from I think you could buy them
at Walmart the only thing I don't like
with these siphon sets the part that
connects to the to the siphon break so
what I did is I connected a hose
connector and then I took it a step
forward by connecting a check belt to it
I'll show you guys in a second how it
works but you could buy these parts at
Home Depot so this is a hose connector
and then to a chair Quick Connect
I felt I've already disconnected my plug
from the drain and then connected the
part that comes a little adapter okay so
here it is guys this is kind of how it
looks on my sink as you can see this
thing attaches right to the sink I have
an extra one right here so you guys
could kind of see how it goes so this
connects up to your sink like I said I
went ahead and got a hose connector that
connects right up to this on this whole
part right here is a quick Quick Connect
assembly that I got just so simply you
could do that like I said you can find
these at any hardware store um so then
when I'm connected it's pretty easy it
just clicks on just like that like I
said I went ahead and got a hose
connector that connects right up to this
hose this is a quarter-inch hose I'm not
sure what the Python Python hose on size
is but it should be a quarter-inch I
mean half inch hose so make sure when
you get a hose connector you get a half
inch connector um when you're going to
siphon what you want to do is turn this
where all the way straight so the water
goes straight down you guys can see it
on this one but that's that's how it is
facing down okay the next thing we're
going to do is usually what I do is I'll
just turn off everything and it turns
off the whole system completely but I
want to have the light on so you guys
can see what I do so I'm going to
connect all three things so I'm going to
disconnect the heater disconnect the
water pump the filter and the air pump
so like I said everything's off right
now and what I'll do is I'll usually
have a bucket under here because you
want to collect some of the water
we're going to rinse your filters no
mama
they got my daughters who wants to help
this you want to make sure it's straight
up so usually what you do you have it
you have it on filters off air pumps off
and what you want to do is turn it on
that's going to create a siphon
automatically it's going to start
sucking up the water honor if you guys
can see
the ones that creates the siphon you can
turn off the water like I said I want
the aquarium water so I'm going to
let that fill up as my daughter vacuums
if you have kids you always kind of want
to keep the supervise make sure they
don't get the siphon too close to the
fish so then what we're going to do is
pull this out so this is aquarium water
we got a carving in here kind of risky's
off a little bit and then the filter I
don't have a filter media right now I
think I am going to change it probably
on the next one but you want to do is
rinse all that off so get it as you can
see all the water coming out you would
also use the filter to kind of clean
sorry I got my my hands messing here
with this with the camera I'm going to
drain some of this out
let's fill up some more just aquarium
water so everything that's coming right
here is a prayer and water you never
want to do this with straight tap water
that you want to do this aquarium water
you clean your sponge as much as you can
the carbon I just changed the probably
last time I think last time I change the
water I change the carbon so that's what
you want to do something also which you
could do is disconnect your filter and
dump out all the water you can use this
thing will come off hold on give me a
second this right here is the pump make
sure to clean this inside the little
impeller the little impeller will come
out just a magnet you guys can see make
sure to rinse that off clean the little
impeller in there and stick it back in
there
so then go ahead use your filter just to
rinse that off my filter is not too
dirty no my daughter playing with the
aquarium water so then this will just
snap back on we're going to put the
filter back in so right now I'm going to
take this life and out because I want to
gravel the water so we're going to take
the siphon out for right now just like I
put these filter parts together so the
sponge I go in first then you get the
carbon and then of course lastly
like I said you never want to do this
with chlorine water you always want to
do that with aquarium water I'm going to
wipe down here my daughter's son she
doesn't slip alright the next thing you
want to do is very important is to
always fill up your pump before you
start it so just make sure to top that
off okay so we top that off I'm not
going to need this book it anymore so
the next part we're going to do put the
siphon back in my daughter's going to
hold it and we're going to start
creating another siphon
there it goes so now what we want to do
is grab all sweep all the dirty stuff
off of the gravel that's if you have a
gravel sweep so you just want to want to
comb through all that yuckiness that it
is my daughter's trying to do it so you
just want to go through it as much as
you can on a gravel tank it's it's kind
of impossible to kind of go through it
and make sure it's all out mama hold on
hold on hold on my daughter wants to do
it so I just thought a gravel tank is
kind of possible to get it 100% clean
but it doesn't matter the gravel itself
will act like a filtration it's going to
have all that that nice bacteria in it
it's going to break down all the waste
so a lot of the big stuff that you have
and starts starts graveling it so my
takes not to dirty one of the issues
that people have always with water
quality is is that they just don't
understand why my careful careful it's
just lack of changing water as you guys
can see this water is is pretty clear
pretty clean and a lot of people would
say you know what I'm just going to skip
this week I'm not going to do this
week's water change um because the water
is clean that doesn't mean your fish
doesn't go to the restroom so like I
said it's very important to to do oh
you're going to kill the fish be careful
be careful llama
it's pretty cool my daughter loves doing
this but like I say you when dealing
with little kids you always want to make
sure that they don't harm the fish like
I was saying a lot of people a lot of
people have bad water quality and that's
just because they skip the water changes
I try to do the water changes at least
every five days and I'll never really
really skip a day I know that if it's
time to change the water on we're going
to change the water so there we go guys
I probably have about an 80% water
change at this point my daughter blowing
kisses the next step you want to do is
add a corn dechlorinator or water
conditioner I really like the API stress
coat but my wife she went to the store
and she bought me this I forgot to ask
her to tell her which one but it doesn't
matter as long as you use something I
know availability everywhere else that
you are you might not have it so you do
want to get a declaran are something to
take away the chlorine just follow the
instructions on this one we're going to
do about cap full
so that's about it we just do a capful
in there and then if you have an
aquarium that's running really good
you don't need beneficial bacteria but I
like to add it just to keep it
maintenance so what I'll do is I'll do
half of what the normal recommended is
so I'll do about half or so and stick it
in there beneficial bacteria is never
going to hurt your aquarium so just
follow the directions on the cap and and
go ahead and do that
as a maintenance thing it's not going to
hurt your fish your tape your tank has
been running for a while it should have
plenty of good beneficial bacteria in it
so the next step is going to be is to
fill up the water at this point as you
guys can see I have the hose closed so I
don't want water coming out what I'm
going to do is kind of test the water
how I want it you don't want scalding
hot water or or super cold water try to
get it to a temperature that's close to
your aquarium and that's where you want
to be this isn't a science guy so just
try to be as close as you can it doesn't
have to be perfect so that's about where
you want it we're going to put it back
in here
and then what I'm going to do is close
that up
and then that's going to shoot it up in
there so where's my other one so
basically at this point when you're
going to fill up water you want to close
that up so water starts shooting up back
in here and back into the tank so I'm
going to be careful mama so at this
point we're just going to put the water
keep an eye on the temperature make sure
it doesn't change too much I'm going to
put it up put the camera on the other
side so you guys can see when it's
filling up alright everybody so we just
finished popping up on the water tank
like I said the quick disconnect on this
thing is pretty cool because you can
just disconnect it and then you can
start taking this apart pretty simple
like I said you always want to prime
your filter before you turn it on you
never want to turn on the water pump
with no water you can really damage it
so now we're going to turn it on
hold on little hold on hold on hold on
hold on so hold on hold on you guys can
see my daughter's really anxious I'm
gonna plug back in the heater and plug
back in the air pump
and then the air pump should start
coming up and then the heater is on so
always make sure on your heater and your
air pump is all working properly after
this but there it is I mean if I wasn't
recording this probably would take me no
more than then 10 minutes to do so there
you go guys so I hope this helps I'm not
planning to be an expert on this but I
have been keeping fish for over 20 years
of it and I've never had any issues with
quality of water or anything of that if
you do your water changes consistently
you should never really have any
problems with your fish tanks so just
never skip a water change also remember
that this is a hobby I know some of you
guys might criticize the way I do it and
the way I approach things
just remember on we all we were all
beginners at one point my very first say
fish tank was that when I was uh
probably eight years old I mean I didn't
know what I was doing my parents had
never kept fish so they didn't know what
I was doing what they were doing but you
figure it out over time you learn from
it you learn from your mistakes just
remember it is a fish hobby yes it is a
fish it is a living soul but don't take
it too serious I mean some people one of
the things that I hate up about you know
any of this any hobby is that some
people just take it really serious and
yes once you know once you're dealing
with with ten or twenty thousand dollar
fish in your fish tank then yes you
should take it that serious because you
don't want to lose the twenty thousand
dollar fish things but if you're just
starting off this is a very very
starting a very user friendly fish tank
it's a very small very unmanageable um
and like I said have fun with it have
fun with your with your fish tank and
just just have fun and say I like one of
the theories is why I got this fish tank
is for my daughter just so she could
enjoy it and I try to make it
where he's a part of it where hopefully
when she's an adult um she you know she
learns and probably likes animals the
way I do but as for now thanks for
watching like I said I'm sorry for not
putting a video recently I will be at
the reptile Expo in San Diego definitely
in Pomona
I think the reptile expo is next month
in San Diego I'll definitely be at the
Pomona I think that ones in August so
keep an eye out for more videos if you
guys are into reptiles um also I am
planning on doing another fish tank I am
playing no no no no no I am planning to
do a 40 gallon which is raunchy so keep
an eye out for that but for now thanks
for watching
hey mom I say bye say thanks for
watching and bye kisses thanks guys