guys this is a fun one this is called an
extreme vodka watermelon the beauty of
watermelons is that whatever liquid you
add to them seeks in it's one of the few
foods that's able to retain what you add
to it so what you do is you cut little
holes in and then you stick in the
various bottles of booze that you want
to add for watermelon this size you
probably should only put in one big
bottle but because it's tipsy bartender
okay and you know we kind of don't like
that we're going overboard and added all
the ingredients for a Long Island iced
tea which is vodka rum gin tequila
triple sec okay you want to let this sit
overnight or even for two days to try to
allow as much of this to seep in as
possible you remove your bottles slice
it up and you will definitely definitely
definitely taste the booze that you are
is beautiful and this is one of the few
foods that you're able to do this with I
just would take