welcome to PCB heaven tech lunch today
I will demonstrate my latest project
which is this acrylic glass folding
Keeper
the purpose of this of this tool is to
hit the plexiglass this acrylic glass in
a straight line so that it can be bended
like this this example this is my first
test that I ran with recipe reduce so
cuts work there is here one heating lamp
that has 850 watts of power but I use
much less from this power and this
heating lab is controlled with this this
dimmer over here and of course you can
find the complete circuitry for this
dimmer in my website which is
www.hyken.com
so when I turn on this lamp this switch
over here the lamp is turned on as you
can see and I can adjust the brightness
and actually this is this is not a lamp
this is used for heating large spaces
like for example in cafeterias I have
seen these lamps and in other public
buildings
so I usually run this this lamp at that
power not much not more than this full
power it's like this which is very good
and the Flex glass gets burned so the
interesting part is these two base is
made of aluminum profile rectangular
aluminum profile pieces this is about
a meter and to give this cold I use
water circulation it's inside here there
is a water a water pump that arounds
continuously by the time you turn on the
lamp and keeps these two these two bases
this to aluminum pieces cold because the
water goes through okay so let's make
let's see a test let's make something
I've got here two pieces of acrylic
glass is the same material six
millimeters thickness and I will bend
them I will remove the protective
plastic from the one from the other
I will bend this here and this one here
so a turn on
the machine and as you can see this wood
over here which separates the bank from
the from the rest of their machine acts
like a third base so if you put long
pieces they will not fall and also you
can leave them on the lamp because the
the plastic is not shaded here and here
because vehicle if you put your hand
here you will notice that this is called
and this is also called but here what
you deter them once so it usually needs
about three minutes but there is no need
to see this
all now
so as you see the acrylic glass is ready
to be folded it has become very soft
and all you need to do now is bend it
and hold it there and after a while it
will get cold and it will stay there for
the rest of its life and the interesting
thing to see is that the bend here is
very clear then done in one straight
line one thin line because the material
here is called and here is called only
here it's hot
as you see it's beginning to get colder
and the same with this one you can see
how easily it can be bend it in a thin
straight line
and of course here it's still cold here
and here I can put my fingers with no
problem because the water circulates
from these bars the water circulates so
they remain called all the time so
that's all about this project thank you
for watching this video and don't forget
to visit my website for more enticing
projects
you