hi I'm Steve Moriarty I'm from
Moriarty's Gem Art, were a jeweler in
Crown Point Indiana
we also are online as MoreGems.com
today I want to pass on some information
to you
that will help you in polishing quartz
quartz can be somewhat difficult and it
is far more difficult if you're cutting
something as large as five hundred
carats we know how difficult polishing
large facets on court are so this
technique will help you considerably if
you used ultra laps this is a called a
spectral lap it's a floppy disk produced
by 3m it's a cerium oxide and I found
that it's very effective on quartz and
to use this you have a base lab you run
water on the lab
get it wet so it'll stick
now the intended way of using these are
straight out of the mag
it already has cerium oxide on it but I
find that using some extra cerium oxide
which I have mixed up here on the lap is
is far more effective these tend to wear
out quickly but when you add cerium
oxide to it they don't wear out and they
do polish much faster so the technique
is turning the water way down so it's
just drooping very sporadically and
that'll keep the additional cerium oxide
from washing off the lamp and then with
a q-tip just rub some cerium oxide on
the center of the lap and the water will
spread it out
so then it takes a fairly significant
force not pushing hard on the lab but
fairly hard you don't want to push too
hard that it pulls this up off the lab
but but this technique of using vector
cerium oxide increases the polishing to
fold over just the plain cerium while
you're using it occasionally you can rip
a hole in it if you're seeing scratches
on the stone this is usually what's
happened you've got a hole and and the
floppy disk and you'll need to either
use a different part of the of the lab
or replace the lamp
this size facet does take significantly
more time but you'll find that using the
ultra labs also known as spectral app
with the cerium oxide addition to it
will speed up by your polishing of
quartz it produces a very fine polish
some people complain that the facets are
a little rounded and that may be the
case because it's a soft disc but the
quality of the polish more than makes up
for it in the beauty of the finish now
thanks for watching if you watch more
informational videos go to moregems on
youtube or moregems.com
 