this is pecan shelling without
automation this is pecan shelling with
automation a concrete block was formed
using a tapered plastic trash can the
insert was formed from the same trash
can and mounted on an iron pole with a
sprocket adjusting the gap for different
sized pecans is simply a matter of
raising or lowering the spindle using
this convenient pin an automationDirect
Iron Horse DC Drive and DC motor power
the machine the DC motor doesn't have
enough torque by itself to blast through
large quantities of pecans so we added a
precision gearbox to increase the torque
these gearboxes aren't really intended
for the DC motors but with the addition
of a simple adapter plate they work just
fine together tension to chain with this
screw and you're ready to spin the motor
up to speed and shred pecans like
there's no tomorrow this is strictly for
chopped pecans of course we're working
on a version or produce whole pecan
halves - this is a pecan this is a pecan
you really don't want to mix the two
when you're ordering something to eat so
please be careful how you pronounce it
you