[Music]
hi I'm Kelly Ellis with Kelly Ellis
Interiors here with Eddie Randa at Pizza
pster in Sant Ana California and this is
how to fix the sagging sofa so Eddie
tell me everybody has it we get sofas we
love we sit on them they start to Sag
what's the first thing quick fix I can
do to help my seats look better look on
the seat cushions what you want to do
it's very easy what you want to do is
you you open up the zipper has a zipper
in the back you open up the the cushion
the cover you pull out the foam and you
flip the back to the front it's very
easy the back doesn't really get any Ed
so it's still new right okay so you just
flip it put it back in there and it gets
the shape back and it's that easy it's
that easy and I never thought about that
so the foam actually can break down so
when we're sitting on it using it and
the impact it's going to be different in
the back because we never get to that
part that's right yeah get smashed up
and the back it's still new perfect so
the memory is still good okay you just
flip it to the front and it's like new
again okay so what if we have a down
seat or a down blend what if I have a
foam and a down filling then what same
thing really the feather should have
it's an envelope style it should have a
zipper you open it flip it to the front
nice very easy very easy and it looks
good so worst case scenario I've tried
to do that it's not really working
what's the next thing that I can do
other than flipping it do I put
something new inside can I replace it
add to it what do you think if the foam
is still good you can take it to your
local postery shop right you can have
them just put a Cush wrap over the foam
and put it back in there and it fluffs
it back up nice brings it back to it
very easy very simple okay so what about
back cushions because we all see that
sofa it drives me crazy as a designer
when I've got my sofa even at home in my
own home looking really tired you know
the pillows are fluffy I love down but I
don't like the way it looks so give me
some tips to kind of make everything
look better do I replace it do I what do
I do you don't have to back cushions are
usually fine what you want to do is the
the feathers usually fall down right so
you always want to add some Pol fill to
the bottom you open up the cover and you
fill it up maybe 3 4 in of fill and it
pushes it right back up perfect Mak it
look good so it makes it look good and I
still have I haven't spent any money
really not really minimal money minimal
amount of time do it-yourself trick and
then of course if it's still doesn't
look good you bring it to you yes you
can do that for sure you can do that
yeah okay thank you so much you're
welcome thank you this is Kelly Ellis
from Kelly ell interiors and that is how
to fix a sagging sofa if you have any
other questions go to Kelly ellis.com
[Music]