hey got a Sheree but from Institute
yumminess and today I'm here with my
friend Mary from Mary's happy belly and
she's going to be teaching me how to
make hot pot so before we get cooking
maybe you can tell me a little bit about
what hot pot is and weighted with being
that okay so hot pot can be described as
a communal way of eating so you
typically have a stove hot and some
liquid such a stock or water and then
you have ingredients of your choice to
go in it and then everyone who sits
around the table cooks the food at the
table okay so it's not so much eight
dish per second it's a way of eating I'd
say it's a way of eating so really
excited to get started on this recipe
but first we'd like to show you our
shopping trip from this morning we
actually went to TNT supermarket here in
Markham and we picked up a bunch of
ingredients for this recipe so we're
going to show you that first and then
we'll come back and make this
[Music]
over here at the TMT and there's tons of
options for hotpot so
or this hotpot section they have
seasoning barbecue sauces like you can
add inside and they even have like
packages they can add into the soup
okay so maybe you can kind of guide me
through all these ingredients that you
get this is white trim that I peeled and
deveined and it's marinated in soy sauce
and sesame oil for about 30 minutes and
the ginger is very important it helps to
take out some of the fishiness a little
tips to save time we have pre sliced
pork it's thinly sliced and it cooks
quickly in the stock this is sliced
ribeye with the dumplings you pre cook
it so that it just reheats quickly in
the stock but also able make your stock
less starchy of course you can use
straight soy sauce I like to make an
aromatic sweet and soy sauce that has
sauteed shallots water and sugar so with
a dipping sauce
everyone can customize their own and
here are some of the options that I like
to use so hot sauce this one is samba
elect this one is a hot and spicy
barbecue sauce it's very thick
and this is preserved bean curd so I
love this it adds a saltiness and a
complexity to the defensive this is an
XO sauce and it is a Chinese seafood
condiment that has dried scallops and
tribe shrimp so this smells really good
already what do you have in the pot oh
thank you I have homemade chicken stock
which I always have in my freezer
of course you buy store-bought also you
can use water and then add the seasoning
all right let's do this I'm going to add
in the noodles first because it takes a
little bit longer to cook the light okay
you're next and let's get some beef and
they just hold it in you can just
actually leave it in okay wait a couple
of minutes weights right escaped ha ha
ha ha
so as an important tip with hotpot is to
make sure your food is cooked through so
seafood the reason why it's in the net
is that you don't want things to also
overcook so from here add that into your
bowl
noodles are also ready okay so we've got
our ingredients that we're in the pool
how do i this dad do I dance do I pour
this in
so typically I like to add all those
tournaments inside my sauce before I
actually have it in okay I pour this one
with the XO sauce it was the seafood
based on let's do that so like it hope
you like seafood
I do it's really good listen what is the
incurred yes okay you can actually see
the little pieces of the dried shrimp
and scallops oh yeah
less mixture I don't know if my
chopstick skill deliver a second
don't talk to me either the best thing
about hotpot for me it's like every
ingredient shines it's not over
complicated and so delicious what's it's
pretty healthy too
I say it's pretty it looks like it's not
really any bad in here nice bite to eat
healthy food I want the best comfort
food
you
[Music]