what's up here in addition Peter romp
and I just unbox this nifty looking
stainless steel thermos here and you
know water bottle and just want to show
it to you because this seems like it's
really high quality was really intrigued
by it it seems to be quite a bit
different look you can see here it has
the foam bottle so you don't have to
worry about it kind of Dean things or
getting scratched up but as you can see
we have like a wall of stainless steel
around the edge and then the foam insert
on the bottom so that's pretty cool
the other thing i want to show you here
is just how tall this thing is i mean
that's big here let me put a pop-can
next to it this thing is pretty tall
so especially this winter when you're
out and about try to take your chicken
soup with you or whatever you know this
is probably a pretty nice bottle to use
super sports and then the top is kind of
interesting it has a little bit of like
a Saturn 5 rocket look to it you know
kind of spun copper or a spun stainless
steel it looks like but I feel like it
has like a you know almost like a clear
coat or an acrylic on it it's really
quite cool and then probably the most
unique thing the thing that really jumps
out at you is it has like this nylon
lanyard at the top so nice just seat
here
we just don't screw the top this lanyard
means that it's not going to go anywhere
and as you can see no plastic insert
inside so and we have polished inside
here and if we you can see there's a
little little hook here that I can pull
this out this little strainer and then
we have kind of silica in there you know
I'm assuming it's like a double walled
stainless steel container I mean you
know this should steep very very warm
very hot or very cold depending on what
you're putting in there and then this
little thing here which has little tabs
on the little strainer tray has a little
tab so if you push it in here it kind of
locks in under it a little Ridge right
right along there and so you don't have
to worry about this falling out now this
thing is kind of cool because it can be
useful for a number of things
least in my opinion right if you want to
throw in and look at how wide the neck
of this thing is right I mean I can
almost get three fingers in there but
I've and I have chubby fingers by can
put two fingers in there so you could
cut a fruit or even vegetables like
cucumber or something like that
throw it in there throw it with water
put this here so you that you can drink
out of it you don't have to worry about
those things flowing out at you you
could put like tea leaves or something
in there presumably and drink straight
out of it pour out of it so the little
strainer here I think has a lot of
different uses but what I will say is
that you don't have to use it right so
this thing you know comes out too and
you could just use it like a your
thermos or a water bottle it's pretty
impressive it's just so massive let me
see if I can find the the size of this
bad boy on there Oh work inside maybe
will tell me hxb Oh 59 so tea bags put
it in there all right 25 ounces right
and the mouth width is one point you
know one in three-quarter inches
basically so pretty awesome pretty
awesome so like I said T or very popular
with fruit water you could do a lot of
those things and just a really really
really cool cool water bottle one that I
will definitely be using and probably
the first thing and I shouldn't probably
say this but it's probably for hot
chocolate I'll put a link to in the
description Peter romp and out