we're all familiar with donating blood
but did you ever imagine that dogs have
to go through the same process I'm here
at anvil veterinary surgery where dogs
like Harry are donating blood that could
help save thousands of other dogs lives
many people have been shocked and
surprised when I've told them about dog
blood donation
so what is it actually all about the
blood bank is all about animals come in
Tours and saving other dogs lives
basically so when they come to us and
they come here it's very positive
environment for them they're not made to
do anything that they don't want to do
and you know the owners are quite happy
to bring them knowing that their dog is
saving saving other dogs lives when we
get a unit of blood that can actually
save up to four other dogs
Harry's health checks were given the
all-clear so who's ready to become a
life saver and donate blood Harry is a
greyhound and they're sighs calm
disposition and easy to find veins
typically make them great patients they
also have the advantage of being
unusually rich in red blood cells which
makes them the perfect blood donor 570
grams are taken which is just short of a
pint
however your dog must weigh more than 25
kilograms in order to do the donation as
a smaller dog would not be able to cope
with the amount of blood taken
it's just worthwhile and you know it's
yes it takes a little bit of time for
the owner and you know but a little bit
of time I think it's very valuable for
the blood bank
Harry was certainly a trooper and
hopefully he's made you see why this is
such an important course but there's a
lot of benefits for the dog and they're
regularly checked and sometimes you know
and it's all free and you know a lot of
people can't always afford blood samples
and things like that so it's great and
that you know they're checked every
single time that they come here if you
have a dog
why not register them so that one day
their blood could be the lifeline for
another doggy friend let's hope that the
brave donors today are now relaxing at
home
and their belly scratched and munching
away on the bony oh this is Liz Martin
reporting for Buckingham youth