hey Lissa um a while back when I was
with you you said you wanted to know how
to make a white chocolate mocha so I
lift it up online I found out how and
I'm making this video so I can show you
how to make it okay you need white
chocolate chips some milk and me coffee
so what you do is you get a pot like
this in a bowl make it so you can put
the bowl on top so it's kind of like a
double boiler it's gonna look like this
so you put water in the pot turn the
oven on so that it boils then flip the
bowl on top and then you want to third
cup of milk you get your milk and you
pour it in the bowl then you get the
white chocolate chips and I just use a
big spoon it's supposed to be it's
supposed to be tablespoons but okay and
you can add like how much white sauce if
you want so get the white chocolate
chips and just put six pin holes into
the milk or as much as you want and then
you just wait for it to boil and while
it starts getting warmer you can kind of
mix it around and basically you just
wait for all the chocolate or the white
chocolate chips to melt and it becomes
like a big mo
white chocolate chip mix get a mug that
you can feel like half and half full but
for viewing purposes I'm just going to
use this clear glass and you're gonna
watch fill this half with coffee go back
to this and can I just stir it
and if you can see it yeah
so they're not melted yet so just keep
it boiling you want to have the stove on
high that way they melt faster and just
keep stirring them until they fully melt
okay so you can tell it's really mixed
because okay well that's not a good
example but there's no more chocolate
chips left and it's kind of like really
hot milk but with light chocolate in it
so when it's all done mixing just turn
the oven off then you're gonna want to
have oven mitts on otherwise you'll burn
[Music]
so get the bowl so take the bowl over to
where you where the coffee is
and basically just pour it pour it over
the coffee make sure it doesn't spill
right and I don't have whipped cream but
you can put whipped cream on it this is
a white chocolate mocha and I think if
you just put less coffee in it it'll be
sweeter or if you put more white
chocolate chips in the milk it'll be
sweet yeah that's how you make it plus
whipped cream
okay so we should make one and then tell
me how it goes okay bye