Oh far exceeds my expectation what's
outside Steve today wouldn't be playing
with fire responsibly sort of so I
pardon up with skive out to explore some
experiments diving into the science
aspects of the mobile RPG summoners war
today we're gonna be exploring dragons
and different colored fire dragons are a
huge part of summoners war you can
summon them and they are gigantic
dungeon bosses my favorite is Cyrus an
awakened fire dragon but there are all
different types there's fire water and
wind so because there's different types
of dragons we're gonna make different
colors of fire and at some point we're
going to attempt to shoot that fire just
like a dragon before we get any of that
we have to at least make the
different-colored fire first so that's
where we're gonna start
okay Safety's number one so we're gonna
do is we're gonna dissolve some of this
boric acid in this right here this is
methanol 99% this is a flammable alcohol
so I'm gonna go ahead and pour some
methanol about 200 milliliters in here
and dissolve some boric acid and then
we're gonna light it up in this pan and
we're gonna see what color
barukh acid produces no there we go
wouldn't bring that in that is how you
make green fire as you guys can see it
is very green yep come right up he just
remembers you a little bit
what's that citizen beggin
all right so we had our fun boric acid
makes green if you were to heat up boric
acid the energy that is absorbed into
the electrons of boron goes to a higher
energy state when it comes back down
from that higher energy state it gives
off a photon and that photon is visibly
seen as a wavelength of light that is
unique to that element and we see it as
green and so every element actually has
a different color and it just so happens
that boron is great next up we're gonna
be working with lithium you know you've
probably heard of lithium before and
that's because lithium is in batteries
in fact that's actually where I got the
lithium that we're about to use for this
portion of the experiment I actually
went in and ripped open a battery and I
pulled out the lithium now I would not
recommend to do this at home the gases
that are emitted by ripping up on a
battery are very toxic as well as when
the battery shorts out in the process it
can get extremely hot and explode so you
know leave a lithium in the battery
you'll see when I dump this in here it's
gonna react right away we're getting
this really cool reaction it kind of
looks like it's dissolving a bit it's
bubbling all right I'm gonna go ahead
and light her up as you can see there
we're getting this kind of like this
mixture I'm doing this like blue and
sort of this words and then you can see
there's a little bit of red in there the
red is kind of coming out more as it's
actually burning the pieces of there
that are the lithium in fact I think we
can actually make it a little more pink
so we're gonna take this amount right
here
oh I scared me cause that's really think
that is very pink so as you can see more
lithium that we dissolve in the methanol
the more pink our fire will be and so
the next step is figuring out how to
throw in the fire so we built a wall for
us to shoot this coloured fire at
because I didn't want to be shooting
fire across the entire driveway and I'm
not going somewhere that was gonna be
safer to land on so now we have the wall
of science here we go all right no order
to breathe fire like a dragon I haven't
built this a device here's how this is
gonna work I'm gonna fill this tube with
some of our accelerant so in our case I
gotta be honest with you guys I thought
the green fire was the coolest so I'm
gonna put some methanol and boric acid
together I'm gonna put that in this tube
and I'm going to breathe out really hard
and I'm gonna push that methanol and
boric acid mix together across this over
top of this let's flame and then we will
have fire just like how I dragon breathe
fire all the way till it hits this ball
we're right over the wall
[Music]
I was not very pleased with our last
flamethrower device I mean it barely hit
the wall so I went on YouTube and I was
looking at grant Thompson's mini
flamethrower and I saw that he had just
shot a flame across the entire room so I
figured you know what we're gonna build
one for ourselves and so we're gonna
give this a try and we're gonna fill
this up with the boric acid and methanol
solution mix fire in the hole
[Music]
that thing is a total piece
that was very impressive that is exactly
how I imagined a dragon breathes fire
we're gonna go ahead and fill that one
more time but if we might switch up the
colors here
Wow there's still something green in
there it's all mixed together
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow far exceeded my expectation it's
still burning it's phenomenal I'm
actually so impressed we first learned
about different color fire we tried it
with a smaller build to breathe fire we
use grant Thompson's mini flamethrower
and the result was an astounding
flamethrower just how a dragon would
breathe fire thank you so much for
watching
each episode we're going to be exploring
a new science aspect of summoners war if
you guys haven't yet hit that subscribe
button also let me know in the comment
section below which colour fire was your
favorite also did you think that we were
really going to shoot fire across the
driveway that far if you haven't yet hit
that subscribe button
I'll see you next
[Music]
you