you
hi I'm cat and in this tutorial I'll
show you how to take your old candle
jars or any kind of container that has a
lid that pops on like this one and turn
it into a useful storage container like
this one with a decorative knob on top
what I love about these is that they're
durable because the knobs aren't just
glued on so they're not going to fall
off and you'll be able to use these for
as long as you want to keep them around
start by melting down the remnants of
your candle over a wax warmer or if you
don't have a warmer use a shallow pot of
water and slowly melt it down then pour
out the excess wax into a heat safe
container while the jars still warm
immediately wipe it clean with a clean
paper towel getting as much soot and wax
off as you possibly can then you can put
your excess wax into the fridge and it
will harden into a hockey puck type wax
melt that you can use again in your wax
warmer while the jar is still warm
immediately rinse it out with extra hot
water using lots of soap and steel wool
to wipe it clean then you can also
scrape off the label on the bottom of
the jar while it's nice and moist and
then use your steel wool extra hot water
and lots of soap to get the rest of the
adhesive off of the bottom if you want
to leave the labels on you can do that
or peel those off at this time while
they're still warm then leave your jars
to thoroughly dry for this next part
you'll need a power drill with a drill
bit a screwdriver some pliers with wire
cutters
whatever jar you plan on using for your
project
decorative knobs or drawer pulls and you
might also want to use a precision tool
to cut through things and you'll need
protective eyewear some of your knobs
will have a screw on them that is too
long for this project you can either
unscrew it and replace it with a shorter
screw and simply just reattach that on
the other side of your jar lid or you'll
have to use a precision tool or your
wire cutters to cut through the extra
bit of screw you'll want to measure this
ahead of time to make sure that you
still have enough left over to attach it
to the top of your jar simply use your
wire cutters to cut through that or your
precision tool being careful to use
protective eyewear while you cut through
this next you'll need your lid your
power drill and something to protect
your work surface simply turn over the
lid and drill through it making sure you
have centered the hole on top you might
have to drill for a while to get through
the top of the lid and this is what
you'll have at the end next you're ready
to attach the knobs to lids simply pop
them through and then secure them with
whatever Hardware came with them or
whatever small screw you use to replace
the hardware this one I'm just reattach
the nut and tightening it as tight as I
possibly can and then for this one I'm
screwing the replacement screw through
and then attaching that to the knob on
the other side and those are your
finished jars you can fill them up with
jewelry with snacks and treats or
anything that you need to get organized
in Nice pretty little jars thanks for
watching if you enjoyed this video
remember to Like share and subscribe
you