[Music]
hi welcome to Crisco for you too today
we have I got a real Mexican treat for
you
I tried this dish when I was back home
in Chicago this dish is really fantastic
I didn't think that I was really going
to love it
or appreciate it but I got it from a
street vendor but it was really really
good and ever since then I've had it in
my home my family has grown to love it
and so have I so I'm bringing it to you
this is Mexican corn so let's get
started with the ingredients that you're
going to need to make this delicious
side dish or regular dish it is really
really good you're going to need the
corn and fresh corn of course so I have
some pods here that I'm going to go away
and I'm going to shuck as they call it
and then I'll come back and put it
together
you will need male that's right you will
need mayonnaise
you will need parsley Parmesan cheese
red pepper if you wanted to have a
little kick to what you don't have to
use red pepper but red pepper is
required if you want just a hint of hot
spice add it to it and you will need
some butter now this is real real simple
only the ingredients that you're going
to need everything is already here all
you have to do is to shut up heel this
corn and boil it once it's done you're
going to put this together real real
fast and easy so I'm going to go away
get the corn all shucked and boiled and
I'll be right back to show you how to
put together this delicious Mexican dish
be right there
ok now I'm back when I went away I
realized that some of you may not know
how to shuck corn so I'm going to go
ahead and show you that you would do it
actually just peels down all of the
outer holes if you have a long piece
like this you would just break it off
and then you see these little fine silk
hairs that are on the corn you will go
ahead and take off as much
of this as you possibly can because you
don't want any of that to be left on
your corn now a lot some of it you will
lose in the water you know when it's
boiling but some of it you won't so I
just want to come back and show you now
you need to get off as much of this as
you possibly can but for the sake of
time I'm not going to sit here and clean
it I'm going to sit here so I can clean
it but I want to show you one more time
how to shuck or peel corn so you would
take down your outer sole that's on the
pool okay and then once you take it down
if you have a long stem like this you
just go ahead and break it okay and then
any little fill cares that you see on
the coal on the corn this didn't have as
many as the other one did but if any
little fill cares that you see on the
corn you would go ahead and take that
off now I'm going to add a little bit of
butter and I'm going to add a little bit
of milk when I get ready to ball to my
boiling water and I'll toast that at the
bottom when I give you the recipe and
that's just to make this corn a little
bit sweeter and tender or coming out
that's a little bit of milk maybe about
1/4 of a cup of milk and it's a
tablespoon of butter you don't need to
do that that's the way I cook mine you
can just boil it in water and here we'll
be fine
but I wanted to come back and show you
this but if you do have the milk and you
do have the butter go ahead and add it
because it'll make it a little bit
sweeter so that's what I wanted to show
you and I'll be back when I get it all
finished things so I'll be right back
okay we're back and I'm just picking the
corn out of the pot so I'm going to rub
it with just a little bit of butter and
as you can see it's still very very hot
okay I got that piece rubbed with some
but now at this point if you want to add
just a little bit of salt you can I
don't really think that I'm going to
need it okay now we got both of them
added with a little bit of butter and at
this point if you see like some strings
you know still there that's that silk
hair just go ahead and take it off ahead
a little bit of butter on my hand I want
to get that off now the next thing
you're going to do is you're going to
spread this with some mail now the only
thing that made me fearful of this dish
was when I was spreading it with the
mail when I first tried it and I'm like
there's absolutely no way I'm going to
want to eat mayo on my corn the little
did I know that this dish is really
really a good dish and I think that you
are truly going to enjoy it okay now
once you get your mail spread down on it
got a little bit on them on a plate and
depending on how you much you like mail
that's how generous you can be when
you're spreading it the next thing
you're going to do is you're going to
cover it all the way around with your
Parmesan cheese and that Parmesan cheese
mixed with that mail just does something
okay
now I'm telling you do not knock this
until you have tried it because this is
really it is really and truly a
fantastic way to eat your corn okay once
you get that down if you want a hint of
the red cayenne pepper which is ground
red you can put just the hint on it
because most of my dishes have to be
kid-friendly
you don't see me using a lot of cayenne
pepper but I'm going to sprinkle just a
little bit
down on this and depending on how much
you like cayenne pepper that's how much
you can actually put on there next
you're going to top it off with some
parsley now some use parsley and some
don't
personal preference I'm going to put
parsley on this and if you need to just
dab your corn with a little bit more
Parmesan cheese
you don't sprinkle sundown really so
you'll have a little bit more to kind of
eat up that whit now there you go just
like that
that is Mexican corn and I'm telling you
that is a great dish I say that if you
try this dish you are going to truly
enjoy it and you're going to be trying
it again and again and don't do like I
did because when I first looked at it
I'm like no this is just too much this
is a heart attack waiting to happen but
if you go lightly on the ingredients
that you're going to be putting on your
corn like lightly on your nail lightly
on your Parmesan cheese you really
shouldn't have a problem this is an
excellent dish you can use it as a side
dish you can use it as a main course
it's an excellent I think that you're
really truly going to enjoy it just want
to bring you something different this is
something that I have my own all the
time so I just wanted to share it with
you and it's always thank you for
watching and critical for you to buy
[Music]