hey everybody welcome to learn billiards
I may be opening your PBIA instructive
okay so here it is the ball star
billiard ball cleaner we're gonna do I'm
gonna run two sets of billiard balls
through the machine I just got this
today so you've heard great things about
the product and I'm gonna go ahead and
test it out it's supposed to do a half a
set at a time so again I'll explain in
detail how it operates and we'll see
before drawing in if the video of the
ball saw a billiard ball cleaner now as
you can see I have this you know it's a
decent set of billiard balls believe
it's a Empire and again just by knocking
around that's fine I use this in a pool
league in a local bar so I would say I'm
not gonna bring over it you know
high-end billiard balls so again they
get banged up pretty good you can see
how bad that cue ball is I mean and this
is an armed earth magnetic ball so again
do a couple of close-ups you can see the
current condition of these you see how
worn they are a lot of scuffs a lot of
chalk marks so again hope this comes out
good so you can see comparison and well
check it out so I'm going to go ahead
and put some in the machine now this is
what they recommend that you take place
the balls in the machine I'm going to go
ahead and use the ones that I just
showed
get this 8-ball - it's pretty dirty and
let's get this nine ball so here's the
solution that it comes with it actually
comes with a much larger jug and then
they give you this so he's supposed to
shake it up really really well now
there's a cleaning pad right back here
according to the manufacturer they want
you to put three squirts of cleaning
solution cleaning / polishing solution
on this pad back here so right now I'm
gonna see if we can get a little
close-up of that
alright so here's a better view you can
see inside the machine so I'm gonna go
ahead and set it to cleaning and this
has a timer function so you shake up the
fluid really well I'm gonna go ahead and
turn it on
[Music]
there's one
so
go ahead and get three on that
and I want you to close the lid the
microphone was right on top of the
machine so please forgive me for the
actual noise that you hearing
now here's a close-up of the machine
running you can see what's happening in
the bowls of spinning they're all
rotating in different directions and
they're brushing up on that pad in the
back picking up the cleaning solution
and in turn cleaning their billiard
balls now here's that delay that it goes
into now it's going to go ahead and
reverse to do the polishing
all right so let's go ahead and take a
look the cycle is complete let's check
out the cue ball hears that our math
ball have one little spot here but
compared to what it was it's tremendous
very very nice very clean I have to say
so far very impressed
is that five ball it has a really nice
Sheen to it cleaned it
excellent job I mean they look like they
just came out of the case yeah
definitely I mean at least also a little
bit beat up you can see a little nick
right here where my thumb is but that
has nothing to do I was seeing at the
machine itself the machine is doing an
excellent excellent job of cleaning
these billiard balls is that one ball
you can see did a great job really
impressed nine ball this little mark
right here that's an actual like little
chipmunk
but cleanliness wise it's completely dry
I'll leave it in this plastic case here
the plastic trash should say to go ahead
and dry you the more but yeah excellent
job so as you can see so far very very
impressed I mean really nice luster to
them so let's go ahead and put in the
rest of them you can see how dirty and
dull I mean it really does a nice job of
polishing them up you see some more how
dull it is this set really looks one
looks like it's been quite a while since
they were cleaned go ahead and show you
the last two
so go ahead put a little more cleaning
solution let me shake it up again they
highly recommend that you come every
time you're going to apply it you go
ahead and shake it up so there's two
there's three three squirts you got to
put a little bit more but put it in the
start mode and let's see
all right well the second cycle is done
should say the other half you can see
the luster on these I mean just does an
excellent job really impressed has a
nice feel to it feels like they were
waxed let's go ahead check the rest of
them really come out nice very impressed
you can see just does a great job
finished these the last two to three
into ten like I said really really nice
very impressed it's the full set alright
so here's the inside of the machine
after that first set and doing a
close-up and you can see that pin how
much dirt that it picked up off those
bolts now they do give you two
replacement pads plus you go purchase
additional and the pants they'll last
quite a while and you can put them in a
washing machine that's what's great
personally again this machine is not for
everybody but for me personally it's
just a tremendous tremendous time saver
so again I use these you know sets for
just the local league play I shouldn't
even say league local pull tournament
and again you know playing out bar table
so we're not going to use high end
billiard balls but again this machine
boss thought makes billiard ball
cleaners I'm they're really known for
bowling ball cleaners so when you go to
the bowling alley bowling alley you see
those big machines here's the ball star
but anyway my take on this machine
excellent I mean that speaks for itself
so again you know I'm not knocking you
know the homemade machines but there's
absolutely no comparison whatsoever so
you know having a commercial machine
like this so if you're serious you know
about looking for a machine to save your
tremendous
amount of time I highly recommend the
boss though check it out on my website
learn billions calm and again you know
this is a heavy heavy item so there's a
small charge for shipping so but if you
have any questions or concerns please
get in contact with me