hey guys it's Sofia and today I'm going
to show you how to DIY your own chore
chart this is very easy and just very
like simple and it just organizes how
you would like receive your money or
like your allowance or whatever if
you're doing chores so my mom saw this
off of Facebook and she showed it to me
I was like oh my gosh up so watch make a
video on it because I need on organizing
a chore chart so yeah it's super duper
easy and it just makes life so much
easier when you do it because you are
like able to understand and organize
everything so yeah I also wanted to say
that everything in this video is
basically from the dollar store so it's
very cheap to make this DIY there's only
like one thing that's not really from
the dollar store but I'll point that out
later so yeah I hope you guys like this
video and let's just get into right now
the materials what you need are index
cards clips of some sort markers a
pencil glue a poster board and last but
not least monopoly money so the monopoly
money is supposed to act as an any real
money so like you know how much
everything would cost and then after
like you do your tour basically you'll
just give the money to whoever you're
gonna collect the money from like actual
real money so yeah it's just there to
base off and tell you how much
something's going to cost for you to do
it for like how much you're gonna earn
for doing it sigh so yeah this is the
only thing that didn't come from
monopoly that's sorry that did not come
from the dollar store it did come from
monopoly or you can use any like toy
money or make money find or have
basically so yeah I'm not going money
isn't mandatory but that's just what I'm
using first thing that you're going to
do is open up or get your like clips and
these are magnetic clips but the
obviously the poster board isn't
magnetic so what you're going to do is
take your glue and you are going to put
glue along the met
netic area so they can become all sticky
so now that you have glue there what
you're going to do is pick a section
like in a spot that you want to put the
thing on and you're just going to
basically put it there so I'm going to
put this right here and press it down
hold it down leave it there and
basically do not touch it so you're just
going to do that with like every of your
magnets and yeah just put the glue on
this magnet part I'm putting a lot and
it doesn't really matter if it like
pushes off because there's like a like I
guess you could call it like a boat like
a room around it so it doesn't really
matter if it gets on there and then yeah
you just are going to stick it on try to
line them up and I put them in areas
that you want but you want to make sure
that you like leave space above it and
underneath it because that is like where
your where your money and you're like
we're in next cards explaining with what
stuff is so I'm going to put the index
cards now to show you guys hockey
opinion okay I got it open now you're
going to take your index card but you're
going to want to like design it if you
have like plain white because I don't
want white on white like see how that
looks
I'm just going to design this and then I
will stick it on I want to use this
close to the same color as what the
thing is
so I don't have purple but this is like
a navy blue so I'm just going to like
design it so now that this is designed
very simple and normal you are going to
put glue on the back of make sure you
don't put it so close to the rims so
that like it comes off and smears all
over the paper
so yeah just gonna like put it on to
here it wouldn't even come out OH
struggle now that your blue is like on
to the stick you know what you're going
to do is put it above the like oh what's
its call the clip so yeah I'm just going
to put it over this purple clip and
that's going to tell me what this store
is so now that you put it down you're
just going to stick it on and press down
sticks and this is what it looks like
then you're gonna take like whatever
color you want and write the tour there
so I'm gonna let that dry and I'm going
to do like the rest of the chores and
everything and an eclipse so I have blue
indicator ready so I'm just going to
design my green one and they're all
going to be different the green one is
complete and I'm just going to and now
glue that on okay so now I'm going to
now press this on I did kind of mess up
on the design but it's okay this one
isn't really depressed when the corner
so I'm going to put some glue on a
corner to press it in okay now I'm going
to show you what the board looks like at
the moment this is just what it looks
like I have four more to go obviously on
this side and then I'll be done and I
just have to like write the names and
put the money down so while those are
drying let's just continue on to the
other stuff okay now I have every clip
on here
all I have to do is create the index
card designs and I'm going to show you
what it looks like afterwards to Sophia
will you come to my tea party two
o'clock the two of two so two minutes
long and I guess I might as well super
okay so now all of my design
you aren't done now the clips are placed
on and I'm just going to now write with
a black marker oh here it is
and I'm just going to like rate the
different chores that I have I have them
on this and I have one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten chores so
I'm going to take two of them out let's
see what you want don't any okay I
waited the last two but they're just
things that I already knew normally so
it doesn't really matter
okay so now I'm going to write on the
ones that I already dried my chores and
yeah and after you ready Troy down you
can raise how much it would like how
much if you earn basically so I'm just
going to write how much it is all my
chores are going to be two dollars be
sixteen dollars in total and for like
extra things that I do I probably get
next last four dollars and dollars yeah
basically that's how much does so I'm
just going to write the down for
everything and the priestess okay so I
just finished shooting all of my chores
and each of the eight index card and now
I'm just going to take then monopoly
money and basically you can like decide
with your parents or like if you wrote
it down ready that's basically how much
it cost
so you're just going to take how much it
would cost and put it on to like the
clips and everything and since I said
everything was $2 I have to make sure I
have 69
okay so now that I said that I was gonna
be triage for like every chore that I
complete and everything
I'm just going to put like $2 underneath
or like every clip basically so you take
the monopoly money or whatever money
you're using and just clip it on and
after your weeks go by you basically
take the money out and give it to
whoever is going to pay you and you
trade in the monopoly money for the
actual money so yeah it's really easy
and just basically easy to do well I'm
doing like I get I do my chores for this
one so I do like my chores it's a dollar
per it's a dollar like beverage for one
week so but since I'm doing it like for
two weeks
I put $2 for everything so yeah after
every two weeks
I'll get sixteen dollars basically $20
so yeah so I just put all the monopoly
money on here the pink is so dry yeah
this is basically what your chore chart
is going to now look like and you can
put it anywhere you want you can even
design the rim of this even design it
however you want right whose chore chart
this is I'm going to just write that on
the top right Sofia Shore chart so now
that you're a short at this one you can
design and do whatever times so two
hours where chore
sixteen dollars after two okay so I put
that down and basically now my chore
chart is completed
yeah it's really easy and you are going
to have to make it click another
basically chore chart aside so you can
check off every time you do your chores
so I think I have one of these right
here and I don't get right on the chores
but this is basically with the separate
chore chart looks like and yeah just
have to write the tours into this and
I'm done like at this actual chore chart
board and complete and you can just put
this like on the wall or something
somewhere you can put it and yeah super
easy super fun super cute and super
organized that was a lot of super so
yeah I hope you guys liked this DIY and
make sure you like comment subscribe for
more DIYs and more tags and bunch of
other videos are soon to come so yeah
thanks so much for watching bye