[Music]
hi everyone it's Lisa from budget
equestrian.com and I'm super excited to
share with you today my DIY project this
is a TCH trunk that I made and I've been
looking at tack trunks for a long time
but I just couldn't justify spending the
$4 to $600 for a tack trunk I found a
giant toolbox at Home Depot for
$65 and I turned it into this
personalized TCH
trunk so I kind of wanted to give you a
closeup and personal tour of this tool
boox that I got from Home Depot this is
a Husky toolbox it's the largest toolbox
that they have and and it is perfect for
a tack trunk it has a handle that comes
out then it collapses if you're not
using it and it has wheels on one end so
you can pick this up and tote it around
which is what I'm planning on doing when
I take it to horses
shows the inside is huge it is big
enough to hold a saddle and The Grooming
tote still and lots and lots of other
riding equipment or whatever you want to
put in there you can
there is just so much room in this
toolbox that it just kind of made
perfect sense to me to get it and turn
it into a tack
trunk so one thing that I didn't like
about this is I didn't really want it to
look like a toolbox and it had husky
written across the top of it so I wanted
to make like a padded seat to go on it
and I wanted to personalize it a little
bit so I got some foam I found a pretty
purple drapery panel that I'm going to
use for the seat and then I got some
stickers so I can bling out the tool box
also known as my tack
trunk so the first thing I needed to do
was measure the top of where I wanted to
put the padded seat and once I did that
then I took two pieces of the foam and
it actually was the perfect length of
what I needed it to be so all I had to
do was cut off I think it was like 2 in
or so on the end of two pieces of foam
and then I had a perfect seat cushion
[Music]
and once I had the foam cut out then I
needed to attach it and secure each
piece so what I did was take some duct
tape and just put it down the center on
each side and then I put duct tape and
ran it lengthwise in all along the
padded seat part
duct tape is amazing it will hold
anything together and this isn't going
to be seeing tons and tons of use I
thought it would be nice to try it and
see if it worked and it
[Music]
[Music]
did and after I had the duct tape
holding it all together then I cut out a
piece of the drapery panel and that is
going to give me my purple padded
seat so what I did was I just folded it
like I was folding a present and this is
the underside of the seat and I'm using
the duct tape to just kind of help hold
everything in place because then I am
going to stitch it but this will give it
a little bit of strength while I'm
getting ready ready to sew
[Music]
it now if you're a really gifted
seamstress and you're really good at
sewing you could probably do a really
cool quilted pattern with this like
you've seen in my other videos I'm not a
seamstress and I just wanted this to
look nice I decided I was just going to
stitch down the sides of my padded seat
that I'm making it was a little bit
challenging because the foam itself was
about I think it's an inch thick so the
inch thick foam and then adding the
material to it made it a little bit
difficult for my sewing machine but I
just took my time and just stitched it
on both sides I was thinking about
stitching Down The Long sides but I
didn't do that I figured it will be this
will be okay just having it on the
shorter sides
[Music]
and I think you can see that I'm having
a little bit of problem with the sewing
machine and the thickness of the
material it was a little bit challenging
but it worked out
[Music]
and this is my finished padded seat so
I'm going to get my sewing machine out
of the way and then I decided I wanted
to just kind of seal the entire bottom
part of the seat with duct tape that
would help to keep everything secure and
it'll give me a more solid base for what
I'm going to be attaching the seat to
the top of the toolbox
[Music]
may not be the prettiest thing but no
one's going to see this side of my
padded seat I
[Music]
hope and once I had the padded seat done
then I decided it was time to add some
personalization to my tack trunk and I
wasn't sure how I wanted to do this so I
just kind of played around with some of
the stickers that I got and at first I
kind of liked that and I thought well
that's pretty neat but then after I
looked at it I thought it was a little
too much bling and I didn't want it to
look extremely gy so I wasn't quite sure
of what I thought but that's the really
nice thing with using stickers like
these they're not incredibly sticky so
if you're not happy with the placement
of of the stickers or the embellishments
that you're using you can actually take
them off and then reapply them because
once I had the stickers in place and I
was happy with where they were then I
used a sealer I used Modge Podge to seal
the stickers onto the tack trunk
[Music]
[Music]
and now I have my name on my tack trunk
and once I had my name on my tag trunk
and my embellishments where I wanted him
to go then it was time to attach the
padded seat to the top and you can see
here it has the big husky logo in the
center and I just really didn't like
that I didn't want it to necessarily
look like a toolbox that's why I did
this the adhesive that I'm putting on it
it is it sticks to everything and it
sticks to material it sticks to plastic
which is why I used it for this project
and it did take a long time for it to
dry but it's winter time I'm not
planning on taking this tack trunk
outside anytime soon so I figured it was
worth it
[Music]
now that I have my padded seat on now
I'm going to use my Mod Podge to secure
my embellishments and my stickers onto
the tack trunk and the Mod Podge that
I'm using is a matte finish it will
match the finish of the tack trunk so it
won't be too shiny and it won't be too
dull it actually matches it perfect and
all you have to do is paint it on
wherever you have the embellishments so
that's why I did the entire Center
section and then I'm doing each side
section where I have the embellishments
there's no reason for me to do the two
sections where the padlocks are and I
didn't have to do the back or anything
like that I just did it just where the
embellishments
went so this tack trunk is huge and I
kind of want to show you how much much
space it has on the inside it has these
little hooks here so you can attach
padlocks if you want to and it also came
with keys so you can lock it but then
you can also put pad locks on it so now
I'm going to open
it and show you how much room is in
here so I haven't finished the top part
because I want to put a mirror and stuff
on here and a bag over here but it's
huge and there's plenty of room I could
probably fit in there if I wanted to um
on the inside it came with this little
tote which is perfect for a grooming
tote and then it has tons of space in
here so I have bridles I've got little
bins full of
stuff I've got a massive first aid kit
and there's still a ton more
room for a ton more
stuff and everything fits nice and neat
inside and you shred
it and something else that's really nice
with this tack trunk also known as a
Husky toolbox is it's got Wheels
hopefully I'm not in the way so you can
see the
wheels and it has a
handle so you can pick it up by the
wheel on for the
wheels extend the handle and you can
roll it around
easily like I said this thing is huge
it's awesome and now I have my very own
tack trunk which I personalize with my
name so that is how I made a tack trunk
out of a $65 toolbox that I got from
Home
Depot you don't have to spend a lot of
money on a fancy tag trunk if you don't
want to you can just make one yourself
and have a really nice piece of
furniture for your tack room and
something that you will be able to take
to hor shows with you too thank you so
much for watching my video please don't
forget to subscribe to my channel I
upload new videos every Monday Wednesday
and Friday and I hope to see you again
soon
[Music]