we generally grow several varieties of
vegetables at the one
time beetroot seeds are quite large and
we sew them 1 to 2 cm apart in rows that
are about 15 cm apart the interesting
thing about each beetroot seed is that
it produces several plants this means
that when the baby beetroot plants
appear they may be too close together
and need to be thinned to give your
beetroot room to grow when when the rows
of baby beetroot appear you will find
that the weeds have also grown and it is
important that you remove these weeds at
least twice while the plants are still
tiny and loosen the soil around the
beetroot plants after the second weeding
place mulsh along the rows to reduce
further weed growth fertilize with a
mixture of molasses foric acid and an
allpurpose liquid fertilizer as the
beetroot grow continue to thin them so
that they do not become overcrowded and
use a liquid fertilizer at least twice
during the growing period you can use
the baby beetroot in salads or
smoothies some beetroot will grow faster
than the others so pick these and allow
the others to grow this allows you to
pick over several
weeks make sure you water your beetroot
plants at least twice a week if it
doesn't rain