a pressure washer is a fantastic tool
and it's exactly what I need to clean
this dirty black brick patio but
pressure washers can harm the surfaces
you clean and even yourself if you're
not very careful hi I'm Tim Carter from
ask the Builder calm and I'd like to
show you some of the basics about how a
pressure washer works
you
a pressure washer takes the low pressure
water from a garden hose and boost the
pressure way up with a special pump the
pump is powered by either a gasoline
engine or sometimes an electric motor
the business end of a pressure washer
it's the spray wand you attach special
tips that concentrate or spread out the
high-pressure stream of water before you
turn on a pressure washer be sure to
read the entire owners manual it
contains very important safety
information you can either hurt the
pressure washer yourself or things
you're trying to clean this pressure
washer can be equipped with five
different spray wand tips the red one is
zero degrees and produces the most
concentrated stream of water be really
really careful when you use a zero
Degree tip the yellow tip produces a
fifteen degree wide spray pattern I like
to use it for heavy-duty cleaning the
green tip is a 25 degree tip it's best
for general cleaning the white tip
produces an even wider spray pattern
about 40 degrees use it for light duty
cleaning the black tip is the safest one
to use it produces a really wide spray
pattern of 65 degrees I like using this
tip when applying the special cleaning
detergents to surfaces just before I get
rid of the pressure wash
oh you got to make sure that when you're
using a pressure washer that you're
wearing all kinds of protective gear you
need safety glasses or goggles you need
earmuffs and of course work gloves
you've got to protect your eyes your
hearing and your hands from this machine
and remember be careful I'm Tim Carter
for ask the Builder comm I hope you
enjoyed the pressure washer basics if
you want to discover more home
improvement tips go to ask the Builder
comm