[Music]
hi guys so you have to wait so long for
another video it's because I just lost
the video that I precooked for you it
was on the computer it was just one copy
and when the computer broke I just lost
it so it's a good reminder for future to
just save somewhere else whatever you're
making essay or just writing your thesis
or making a video it doesn't matter what
it is just make another copy because
you're gonna be really sorry like I was
so yeah just wanted to apologize for
that
and then yes so today I wanted to talk
about tools like basic tools to start
making jewelry keep watching and I hope
you will enjoy this video so do you need
a lot of different tools to start making
jewelry like silver copper etc I would
say yes and no obviously you do need
some basic tools to start creating but
you don't need like a fully equipped
studio from day one that would be a
dream if you like me and you don't want
to invest all of your money from the
beginning you just wanted to try it out
see how that goes or just have fun and
not trying every single technique that
there is then I will tell you which
tools I got from the beginning and they
were absolutely enough for me to start
I started needing some other tools along
the way but I think that's what's this
all about right you just try something
and then you see what you need to get
next so yeah I just wanted to share with
you what I got I will also tell you what
I got it from how much it was what was
more useful or what I wish I got from
the beginning but I just got it later
because
didn't know that it was really important
to get it keep watching and I hope you
will enjoy it so this is my very first
set of tools as you can see it's very
basic I only got some soldering tool
stairs and hammers and pliers some piles
so it wasn't much and soon after I
realized that I need another set so this
is my second batch of tools as you can
see it's mostly measuring tools really
important and shaping tools and that is
a tripod which I'm using for soldiering
it's really helpful
here we have this cutter so-and-so blade
different pliers hammers burnishers and
different shapes and sizes of metal
shaping mandrels all of these are
extremely helpful and necessary when
shaping your metal so these are my
soldering bits all these are absolutely
enough to start soldiering and creating
jewelry I've been using average on one
of them so far and always remember
safety bet so Google's glasses you know
face masks and gloves are really
important when silver smithing
[Music]
for polishing I've been using these
Emery papers and and respects they come
in different grades from coarse to fine
I also have some polishing cloths but
the most important tool that I have
which really was a game changer for me
is this rotary tool and for this you can
get different bits but the best ones
were these abrasive discs they also come
in different grades from coarse to fine
and they're excellent with smaller bits
so this is just a guide really obviously
the prices will depend on where you live
I live in the United Kingdom and here I
shop mostly at cook some gold and Amazon
I know in the United States you'd be
probably looking at Rio Grande I know
they have excellent supplies and tools
so that would be the best place to go
[Music]
[Music]
alright guys this is all for today I
hope you enjoy watching it I hope you
learn something new if you have any
questions at all just remember to
comment in the comment section below
just ask anything I'll try to answer and
also if you have any requests of what
you would like to see next then also by
all means let me know yeah I really hope
you enjoyed it
take care have a lovely week and see you
next time bye
[Music]