[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hello again this is Robert of each here
and this is my video review of a product
from a company called the Seiko pantry
this is a cultured buttermilk blend
powder and I've been using this product
for many years and it's very versatile
because you can use it in things like
pancakes
crepes salad dressings there's just a
whole bunch of recipes even recipes are
right out of a pat on the back of the
package right here so anytime you need
buttermilk and you don't want to go to
the store and get buttermilk you put
this in your pantry and it has a really
long shelf life now I'm going to show
you what it looks like inside so you get
an idea of what the product looks like
okay see it's a powder very fine powder
too as you can see and it dissolves
quite easily in water and it has the
ratio on the back to make a given amount
of buttermilk okay you just essentially
put water in there and you stir it up
and then you have buttermilk for your
recipe I'm going to show you just one
example of what I made I made some
crepes with it and you get an idea of
how the product works so here's an
example of some crepes that I made using
the Seco pantry cultured buttermilk
blend powder absolutely delicious so
what do I think about this cultured
buttermilk blend from the sinkhole
pantry I think this is a great product
something you want to have New York
kitchen and I'm gonna give it a full
five star rating on my channel I hope
this video review helped you with your
buying decisions thanks for watching
[Music]