[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys what's going on welcome back to
my channel my name is Christian also
known as a crazy plant guy I mostly be
plant videos on this channel and if you
have not subscribed yet be sure to hit
that button give this video a thumbs up
or thumbs down doesn't really matter to
me also if you want to follow me on
Instagram that's where I am pretty much
every day all day living my urban jungle
life that's crazy
laughs guys that's me right there so in
this video I want to talk all about the
ficus - laughs pika
in the wild these guys can grow up to 80
200 feet tall most of you around 25
before you feed indoors they're
obviously a little bit smaller their SAP
is actually used to make industrial
rubber so that's where they get their
nickname rubber tree or rubber plant
from and they're known to have these
beautiful foliage which I find so
strikingly gorgeous and honestly they
are one of the easiest hustlaz to care
for so recently this plant has become
one of my favorites I know I say that
with every single one of my plants but
he has climbed up the ranks in the top
three or four you know along with the
monstera you burn to paradise and the
string of parts that you see here and
they do come in many varieties I have a
three that I want to show you guys I
haven't broken B the Ruby and the 1081
they are strikingly beautiful and as you
can see here the burgundy was actually
the first ficus on a stigma that I got
and he is not have this deep dark green
glossy foliage and at the back of the
sleeve which is actually my favorite you
can see this beige burgundy it pops
along with the mid rim of this plant
which is so beautiful now the Ruby is a
variegated kind but his variation is
pink and that is where he gets his
thinking from Ruby and you can see how
beautiful this particular plant is again
he also has a similar backing where you
could see the midrib his pink and his up
veins kind of pop as well now that
tonight
which is the traditional variegated kind
is actually one of my favorite because
look at his foliage it looks like
watercolor art hasn't splattered in the
sky with the cream and the yellow in
each leap is so uniquely different than
the other again it's similar to the
other tooth is back you can just see how
the Danes just pop as well as the midrib
is pink as well so you can obviously see
why they have become one of the most
popular plus plants today and obviously
the other part is they are so easy to
care for and that is what I want to
share with you guys is my general care
tips on how to care for these guys
because I often get a lot of questions
about that so when it comes to lighting
you guys know I have a large
south-facing window which is perfect for
them if you do have a north facing
window I would not recommend having
these plants at all because they do need
that bright indirect light and actually
even a couple of these guys prefer a few
hours of direct sunlight lightly
burgundy and the groovy that you see
here he is closer to my window than the
canary variegated kind and that is
because the expensive variegated kind is
prone to getting sunburned or possibly
losing their variegation so I have about
two feet away from the window he is
surrounded with the bird of paradise and
they might stare and to create a bit of
shade but also get enough bright
indirect light the burgundy and the Ruby
again I can keep those guys a little
closer to the window to get a few hours
of direct sunlight which is perfect for
them as well
so again these guys love a lot of bright
indirect lights now let's talk about
watering so when it comes to watering
these guys you guys know that the number
one plant killer is over watering so you
never ever want to overwater these guys
and you can tell if you are over
watering when the leaves start to fall
and that typically will happen
especially at the bottom of the plant so
you want to avoid over watering and the
way I wanted this guy is I make sure
that the soil is whenever sent dry by
sticking a finger
deep into the soil about two to three
inches and making sure that when they do
pull out my finger that there is no soil
sticking to me because that just means
the soil is still wet and it is not
ready to be watered so when it's finally
time to water him when I would do is
actually take him out of his decorative
pot because he is in a nursery pot that
has drainage holes
and I will pour water in allow the water
to pass through and I will do that about
two to three times before putting him
back in his definite pod so that way I
know the water has passed through and
he's not sitting in water because again
that will cause a lot of root rot and
potentially how the leaves fall off now
when it comes to the soil to use for
these guys I typically will always use
50 percent premium potting mix 45
percent of cactus soil and a bit of
perlite and some orchid bark to help
create a bit of drainage and aeration
within the soil and I typically will
make sure that the soil isn't also
packed in because again you don't want
these guys to have water sitting in the
soil you want to make sure it passes
through the soil and through in his
nursery pot now if you decide to repot
these guys I always recommend doing it
during the growing season or when he is
route down but if you dig just take this
plant home from the plant store or
nursery
I wouldn't recommend repotting him right
away you want to make sure he gets
acclimatize to the environment and the
temperature and maybe wait a few weeks
before you do decide to repot him
speaking of temperature these guys love
to be anywhere between I would say 15 to
25 degrees Celsius for you guys who's in
Fahrenheit that is above 60 to 75
Fahrenheit which is typically the type
of environment that they would normally
want to be in you don't ever want these
guys to be anywhere below 12 degrees
Celsius or 55 degrees Fahrenheit or be
in any cold draft because that's another
cost for these to fall so be mindful of
the temperature that you do have in your
room when it comes to humidity you guys
will be happy these guys did not require
a lot of humidity normal humidity levels
they are not like the cool 80s that I
have who consoling these humidity or
else they cry and they get so dramatic
these guys are pretty chill so again one
of the other reasons why I love them now
let's talk about fertilizer when it
comes to fertilizing these
guys I actually built use a fertilizer
on most of my plants except for you
monstera but if you are going to use it
fertilizer for the fights of a snake
that you want to make sure you only do
it during the growing season and you
only give him fertilizers about once a
month there at that time and I would
always recommend to use a well even
balance liquid plant food that you can
get at your local garden centers or
online as well now other things to
consider when you do care for the pike
selects pika is you want to make sure
you are cleaning his leaves off and you
can do that by obviously getting a paper
towel or a clean cloth and putting some
warm water on it and just gently wiping
his leaves up any dust or dirt that will
help obviously increase his chance of
getting that right indirect or direct
something that he requires and also a
good way to also potentially clean off
any potential pests that may be
lingering in the plants but the good
thing about these classes they are quite
Hardy and they're almost pest free I've
never had a problems with them but you
know it's always good to inspect their
plants when you are cleaning them and
that just goes for any plants that you
have at home so that's pretty much it
when it comes to caring for these guys
here so easy if you don't have one yet
and you are looking to add once your
plant collection I would recommend
getting these guys because not only are
they strengthening beautiful but they
are so easy to care for I'm actually
going to provide a couple links below
where you can find these guys online I
think no Hertz is selling them through
Amazon so if you do need one be sure to
get one there other than that if you do
have any other questions of what the
ficus and I speak I'd be sure to comment
below and I'll do my best to get to them
as soon as I can hopefully you guys
enjoyed this how they care for you ficus
less pika and if you do want to see more
of these types of videos be sure to
comment below and let me know as well
and hopefully you guys have a great day
and I will see you guys soon please
[Music]