[Music]
hi everyone my name is Anna and today
I'm going to be showing you how to make
an easy Petticoat for your dolls I
learned this technique from my Freddy
stuff and I just adapted it to be a
petticoat the materials you will need
for this craft are this type of hair
elastics and also
tool okay so this tutorial is actually
very very simple the first thing that
you have to do is to measure your doll
from her waist to her toes to see how
long your penac Co is going to be and
I'm just doing this with my tool I'm not
using any exact measurements so when you
have how long it will be you're going to
fold it in half and cut right over here
so that means that whatever your doll
measures you're going to cut the double
of tool and you're going to repeat that
until you have enough pieces what I'm
doing okay so you have to take a little
piece of your tool and you're going to
kind of like make it thinner and then
find the center point so you're going to
fold it it in half and once you have
that you're going to take your elastic
and then just pull the rest of the tool
inside that
Loop then you just pull and also pull
the hair tie and that's how you're going
to do it for all of the hair
[Music]
tie
and here I have my pett coat finished I
used 11 chunks of tul and as you can see
I left a little Gap without tool just to
make it easier to put it on the doll but
you can definitely fill it all out and
it should still fit and well now let's
put it on our doll to see how it
looks and just as a tip I recommend you
to put the Petticoat on her hip not on
her waist
okay so I think that was basically it as
you can see a petticoat makes a huge
difference on a princess dress so that's
why I'm very happy with how this turned
out and again this is an adapted idea
from my froggy stuff so I'm going to
leave the link to that video in the
description box below and also special
thanks to my friend honeysuckle Jasmine
on flicker for giving me this idea I
hope that you like this video and as
always thank you for watching
[Music]
bye