[Music]
hi guys in this video I'm going to share
with you how to make this very easy
macra wall hanging deckor the materials
you will need are cotton twine you can
also use other types of cord or yarn a
10 in
stick and a pair of
scissors first step is to cut the cotton
twine you will be needing 24 pieces at
around 60 in
each next cut another piece of yarn
around 24 in long and tie it to the ends
of your stick then hang it
up now it's time to attach the 24 cotton
twine pieces to the stick for this you
will need to make a larx head knot to do
this just make a loop in the center of
your yarn by putting the tail ends
[Music]
together and then pull it up from behind
the
stick then pull the tail end of your
yarn through the center
Loop do do the same for the rest of your
yarn and space it evenly as you go
[Music]
[Music]
along now it's time to work on our macet
pattern which is basically just a series
of square knots begin working on your
pattern from the left side you can also
start on the right if you prefer um and
then to make our first square knot um we
need to grab the first four strands of
yarn so to make a square knot take the
leftmost yarn and put it over the middle
two
Yarns then take your rightmost yarn and
place it over the leftmost yarn and
under and then through the leftmost loop
right here and then pull the Yarns to
tighten but don't tighten it too much
make sure you leave about half an inch
space from your stick for this next step
we're going to do the reverse so we'll
take the rightmost yarn and put it over
the middle two Yarns take your left most
yarn and put place it over the rightmost
yarn and then
under and then through the right most
Loop then pull to
tighten then we're going to work 11 more
square knots across so for this row it's
going to be a total of 12 square knots
[Music]
and then for the next row we're going to
work 11 square knots so what we're going
to do is we're going to drop the first
two strands so instead of working with
the first four we're going to work the
first square knot from the third
strand so make sure you also leave about
half an inch space from the previous row
we don't you don't want it to be too
close to each
other and then for this row you'll be
leaving the last two strands un worked
[Music]
for the third row we're going to work on
10 square knots so for this for this row
we're going to drop the first four
strands and then we will work the first
knot from the fifth strand
[Music]
[Music]
then working on the last square knot
leave the last four strands un warped
[Music]
so basically the pattern is you just add
two more unwork strands in every row so
this will give you a nice triangle shape
that we're looking
[Music]
for so here I've worked up all 11 rows
and with the 11th row having just two
square knots and then for the last row
the 12th row we just get the middle four
strands and then let's make our last
square
[Music]
knot to finish this project I just
trimmed the ends of the yarn to give it
a more even look you can also tie the
ends to prevent the yarn from spraying
or maybe you can also add some beads if
you like
thanks so much for watching guys let me
know in the comment section below if you
have questions or if you tried out this
DIY and please don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and please do
subscribe to my
channel for more information about this
project please do check out the
description box below or check out my
blog
[Music]