welcome to the bake like a pro YouTube
channel you are now watching video 3 of
3 in this video we're going to be
assembling our little fruit tarts this
dough that I made here is a sweet pastry
dough and you can see that in video one
of three and if you want to see that
video you can click the link underneath
this video in the description box get
down a little bit of flour on my bench
and get our nice dough I'm just going to
roll it out I'm going to be using some
very small little shells but you can use
anything that you have you can even put
this dough into cupcake molds and do
them that way as well or you can make a
large fruit tart if you wish so I'm just
going to roll this out and I'll be back
if you've seen some of my other videos
you'll see a little trick that I use I
have an offset spatula and I just go
right underneath my dough like this you
can just pull a little bit of that flour
underneath now that just helps with a
not sticking just a little tip trick so
for this size dough I'm going to use a
ring a little bit larger than my mold I
think that'll work
stir it on there we have one
just get that right on there I'm gonna
move this over so you can see just want
to place that right in the middle and
then just bring it down you never want
to apply a lot of pressure you just want
to get that in there so just very gentle
like that so you don't want to really
push it down and stretch it let's get it
in nicely
just go around
it looks good
we go scoop it up nice and gently
turn on my camera here estimate the
middle it looks good and then just
slowly let it fall
so when you let the dough gently drape
down it lets gravity let the dough get
down into the corners you don't want to
start pushing into the corners and
stretching that dough just be very
gentle that's good I think that's great
so we have our four right here I'll just
grab a little fork create some air
pockets
okay that's good I'll just get these on
to a small pizza tray so that is four of
those and I'll just show you what's left
over here and so we've used one disk out
of two so you can kind of see I will I
would say I would get one more out of
here so that's a total of five so if
you're using both disks the one recipe
that we made today you'll get about ten
of these at this size this is a nice
little size for today's recipe so at
this point I want to chill these down
I'm going to chill them down for about a
half an hour and then I'm going to put
them into a 350 degree fahrenheit oven
and I just want to get them so that
they're completely baked a little bit
Brown I'm going to take them out let
them cool and then I'll come back so
here we are again this is a little while
later I baked all of my shells for 15
minutes in my 350 degree fahrenheit oven
I have one left that I haven't unmold it
I'll just show you just simply lift it
out like that so there we have those and
then I made some other ones with the
rest of that dough so I've got one here
in a tiny ring these are French pastry
rings and these here run about $10 a
piece they make a nice little design
here is just a regular ring like a
cookie cutter ring that makes another
one and if you don't have any of these
you can use the top of a mason jar I'll
just show you how that looks so that's
just the inner part so you remove the
little cap first just remove that and
then you place your dough in there and
you get a nice looking little base as
well there we have that but for this
video I'm going to remove these and
we'll concentrate on these here so to
clarify this is video 3 of 3 and this
little series
in video 2 we made our pastry cream and
that's what I have here so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to quickly put
this into a pastry bag and then we're
going to fill our little tarts if you
want to see how this pastry cream is
made you can check underneath this video
in the description box there's a
clickable link you can click that or
also up in the top right of your corner
of your screen there's a little eye if
you click that even if you're on a
mobile device just click that and you'll
see a little menu appear and one of the
items will be this pastry cream so I'm
going to put my pastry cream into a
piping bag with a little tip what I did
first I just grabbed my hand mixer and I
just whipped a little bit of air into
this so you can see how nice this is
look at this if you've never made this
type of pastry cream before you have to
try this recipe so I'm just going to
load up my pastry bag and I'll be back
in a second so I now have it in my
pastry bag and I am using a Wilton to a
tip in case you are curious about that
so I just want to give a nice generous
amount to each one it's all the way
around any way you want and if you wish
you can take a little palette knife and
just even it out not really necessary
but it'll give you a better idea of how
much you've put in there if you've
overfilled it then you can just remove a
little bit mmm you can really smell that
pure vanilla in there it smells amazing
it looks good now we'll start applying
some fruit so for today's recipe I have
some raspberries and blueberries and I
also have strawberries whatever you like
you can put on yours then you just place
them around whatever way you like to
place them whatever you think looks good
I'm going to do that go with some nice
blueberries and I am going to be
covering this with a little bit of
apricot glaze and that is yet another
video that I did it's just apricot jam
you add water to it you heat it and then
you strain it and then you're going to
cover all of your little tarts and it
makes it look nice and glossy and it
also keeps the fruit fresh I'll be
applying that in a couple of seconds but
if you want to see how that is made the
apricot glaze I will put a little link
in the description box as well in case
you want to make that very very simple
all you need is apricot jam and then get
a couple of nice little berries in there
I am NOT an artist so you will do a
better job at your house than I I am
doing right now
that's one thing I am I am NOT an artist
but I try my best if it tastes good and
that's good you want to give an
assortment of each thing I have another
video where I made these and I used
filled berries and that those were
really really good that video is on my
youtube channel as well many places that
look a little sparse you can just want
to fill them in and then the last step
here is the apricot glaze that I was
talking about so this is just simply
apricot jam you add it to a little pot
like this add quite a bit of water and
then just let it all melt down and then
you strain it and you get a really nice
glaze now you can put it on here right
away you can see on the strawberry how
it's starting just nice and shiny
and you want to get that all over so
basically just dab it just let it go on
it adds a nice layer of sweetness as
well onto the top just take your time
and just get it on all of the berries so
I've just been taking my time and there
we have it I'm going to zoom in don't
worry because I want to show you these a
lot closer up now that I've zoomed in
hopefully you can see these a lot better
lot closer up I'm going to give it a
little spin you can see the nice gloss
that the apricot glaze has given these I
want to make sure I'm on camera here now
this seems like a lot of work I've
broken this video or this recipe into
three different videos in case you know
you've already you know done you know
you want to make your own dough or you
want to make your own pastry cream but I
broke
it up like that so you can watch
whatever videos you want where you can
start at video number one and then go
through and what's good about this
recipe is that you don't have to do it
all the same day you can do the pastry
dough and the pastry cream one day and
then just keep them in the fridge
overnight and then the following day
just continue on all you have to do is
assemble them and that will be very very
quick as you saw me do today I'll just
give another little spin here and these
are really amazing and if you buy these
in a pastry shop they are very expensive
and you can see how easy and inexpensive
it is to make these at home and there we
have it I do have a little bit of pastry
cream left over I will use those on the
tiny shells that I showed you earlier as
well and I'll finish those off so that's
it for this really fun video I hope you
enjoyed it if you did please give me a
thumbs up subscribe if you wish I really
do appreciate that that's it and if
you're on facebook you can check me out
facebook.com slash bake like a pro and
everything that you saw here today you
can find written recipes on Facebook and
also written and printable recipes on my
website all recipes 1 2 3 comm I just
wanted to come back again and show you
all of them finished up here are the
three little ones that I showed you
earlier they're all done and they look
really nice as well so to make this
video complete I just wanted to zoom in
on one of our nice little fruit tarts
just give it a little spin so you can
see there we have it so let's go in for
a little bite
hmm let me just show you look at that
YUM
that really nice shortbread crust and
then our pastry cream in the middle I
have to take a little bite that's really
really good I can't tell you how good
this is
and it's a really nice refreshing
dessert just turn it around when you
chill down this fruit tart and the
pastry cream becomes cold it's really
that much better also on the top right
of your screen you'll see the letter I
with a circle around it if you click on
that a little menu will appear and you
will see part 1 and part 2 for this
video series so that's it
and I'll see you next time mmm YUM that
really is good
you