homemade gifts are the best kind and
this handmade vanilla extract is the
perfect gift for anyone not only does it
look beautiful but it's going to elevate
the flavor of any dish all you really
need for this is alcohol bottles and
really great vanilla beans so first
you're going to grab your bean it should
be nice and oily flexible pliable you're
going to hold the top part of it and
just slice it down the bean lengthwise
and using a pairing knife just expose
those really yummy beans you should be
able to see kind of the creaminess of
those you're going to go ahead and get
your knife and get in there and scrape
them out and put them into your bottle
that's just going to make this vanilla
extract taste so amazing so next you're
going to cover the vanilla beans with
alcohol you can use any alcohol vodka or
bourbon but vodka's nice because it's
light the rule of thumb is one cup of
alcohol per five beans so depending on
the bottle I'm just going to cover these
beans put a top on it and Shake It
vigorously for about 30
seconds one once you're done leave it in
a cool dark place and shake it once a
week for up to 6 weeks and when you're
making this a gift be sure and write all
of that on the tag so that your
recipient knows so after 6 weeks your
vanilla extract is going to look like
this and I can tell you right now it has
a rich dark flavor and it has this
really sweet buttery Aroma you can't go
wrong with homemade extract it's going
to elevate every dish that you make this
is really a darling gift by itself or
you can add it to a gift basket and then
my favorite vanilla Bean buttercream
recipe and cupcake recipe and then I
added that homemade vanilla extract your
friends are going to think of you every
time they bake with the holidays fast
approaching this is the gift that keeps
on giving thanks so much for watching
I'm Brandy and I'll see you next time
for another taste of yum sugar TV