this is a demo
of how to restore aniline leather and
how do you tell inline leather well if
you take your fingernail and slightly
scratch it you can massage it right back
to the color or if you dampen it or wet
it a little bit it'll turn dark lots of
times those are a couple of the ways to
tell
now i have some white stuff here sprayed
on and i'm showing you this because
we're trying to get rid of the body oils
either from our arms resting on the arm
or the head rest if a person has animals
extremely important to get rid of that
and what we've used here is the leather
degreaser we sprayed it on a few hours
ago it sets up as you can see of
develops a cakey film that
powdery stuff that we sweep away and
clean off completely very very important
to do this if you don't get rid of the
oily or greasy marks there's no use
recoloring it because you're going to
have a failure that's one thing we can
guarantee so take your time preparation
is so important what we're going to try
to do is restore the color as you can
see underneath here look how dark it was
to begin with and just over the years
your leather will change now we use our
soft cleaner what we did we put it into
this pump bottle we're going to pump it
on and use a sponge to clean it really
well now you can actually put the
cleaner right on the sponge itself to
avoid water lines sometimes so be aware
of that okay so we scrub it really well
and then we're going to uh oh yeah
notice here see the dark spots that's
showing me that this is definitely an
anline or at least a semi-analyzed
furniture we're going to wipe it off
with a lint-free cloth here and get it
nice and dry too that's very important
so we're cleaning it off and i take a
hair dryer and with the hair dryer
you're going to actually see those dark
marks dissipate you want those to be
gone before you start doing any work on
your leather you can see let's see most
of them are gone they're in fact they're
are gone those are just the lines
natural lines they're in leather okay so
i'm doing the front part of the arm now
and using my hair dryer again just like
i did on the other part all right and
making it nice and dry now there's two
choices here if you want to change this
to protect the leather you can actually
use the same sure coat and recolor the
entire arm
and here you will not wet the furniture
first you're going to clean with the
plastic leather prep that comes in this
aerosol can and that's strictly the only
cleaner you're going to use and you're
going to do it a couple of times but
again still important that you got rid
of all those greasy and oily
contaminants there now with this we're
going to maintain the aniline nature
let's say of the leather and we're going
to use our tins and this is what would
be my first choice if i can tint inline
leather i'm going to do that all the
time just to avoid any future problems
that might come just going back to that
cleaning process again and oily and
greasy in people's homes so we're going
to take our tints and we put it on this
soft cloth and you see the color being
applied and this is just going down into
that and line leather just like we saw
the watermarks
that's exactly what's happening here the
tints are going down into the leather
and it's going to refresh and give you a
beautiful color and what's nice with the
tints as long as you don't go darker you
can keep reapplying and you can change
your color a little bit and from the
lighting there you can see
the different variations of color and
you don't lose that when you use the
tints when you recolor with the stem
shortcode you're going to make it a
solid color there's nothing wrong with
that if that's what the customer wants
but most people if they purchase and
lime leather you want to maintain that
same type of finish and here i also use
my hair dryer again after i've gone over
it and as you notice i applied the tints
then i took another soft cloth and got
rid of the excess first to make it nice
and even and smooth and now i've gone
over with my hair dryer and see the
difference there between the one part of
the arm and the other so i'm going to do
the same process i to the entire sofa
and i can do a really really beautiful
job if i take my time and this is a time
consuming process but you can do a
beautiful job so look unbelievable we
can restore this entire sofa they have a
brand new item