[Music]
hi I'm Rebecca France and we're gonna
make the original Kentucky Fried Chicken
recipe and an air fryer today
and air fryer is a healthier way to fry
I have researched this recipe since I
was a little girl
those 11 secret spices are no longer
says secret because I'm gonna tell you
what's in it
Kentucky Fried Chicken is my favorite
fried chicken in the world and maybe
it's yours too the recipe is not only in
the spice mix but it's also in how they
make the chicken I'm gonna be making a
big batch of the spices so you can do a
whole chicken with that I'm using a
portion of that today for my 4 chicken
thighs because that's my favorite piece
of chicken
besides those spices which I'm gonna
tell you you're gonna need flour and
their secret is they pre soak their
chicken in buttermilk so for an
efficiency on your ingredients I'm
pouring 1 cup of buttermilk into a
vessel this bowl is narrow and deep that
way when you put your chicken in they're
gonna nest on top of each other and push
that buttermilk all around that way
you're only using one cup of it I
probably could have gotten away with
half a cup that's gonna sit and marinate
from one hour to overnight so this one's
gonna go in the fridge Mauro I don't
always the thing but with the magic of
TV or a video I happen to have it from
last night buttermilk is not regular
milk buttermilk is slightly acidic it's
the leftover milk when you're making
homemade butter it's kind of bizarre it
has lower fat and it's acidic some
people make their own buttermilk in a
pinch
by adding one tablespoon of vinegar to a
cup of milk so now for the secret recipe
of those spices the original recipe is
held in a vault and the KFC headquarters
along with little vials of the spices
that's in it today they make it by
giving half the recipe to a big company
called the Cormack spices and then they
finish it up with the rest there was
some dude that married in the family
named Joe honey was reported that he
found a copy of the recipe it was on a
handwritten piece of paper in some
scrapbook he married into it and he got
it and he leaked it so - two cups of
flour we're adding 2/3 a tablespoon of
salt and to that 1/2 tablespoon time
one half tablespoon basil dried 1/3 tbsp
oregano dried 1 tablespoon celery salt
this is a magic ingredient on you sell
result in so many of my recipes it's
amazing
1 tablespoon black pepper well we all
figured that was in there 1 tablespoon
dry mustard that gives it a tang and
we've all seen paprika that's 4
tablespoons that's a lot that's gonna
give it that slightly pink color you see
in the flour and 2 tablespoons garlic
salt we all taste that garlic but that
adds more of the salt because I'll lose
thought was much now could you have
guessed
there's also 1 tablespoon ground ginger
in there that was a surprise I kind of
figured there was a lot of white pepper
and there is there's 3 tablespoons
that's why the chicken doesn't have a
bunch of black flecks in it it's got the
white pepper which is definitely a
different taste as well it's not as
bitter as black so put in your 2 cups of
flour into like a pie pan or something
and now add your spices put them all on
top of that flour its current fit off
and now you're gonna mix it up you want
to blend it really good keep going until
you don't see any particular one
ingredient because nobody really wants a
whole big bite of pepper in their bite
you might want to toss it like a salad
it smells great Kentucky Fried Chicken
will pressure-cook it in oil at 350
degrees but we all know that's awfully
greasy so I'm using an air fryer I
researched the internet and I found
owned arcs it's the latest and greatest
it's so easy to use I'm gonna heat it up
for three minutes
it's got a clock button here that I
pressed and turn it to three minutes so
preheat this own arc air fryer is 5
point 8 quarts I like the large size
because I like to cook a large quantity
of food to feed me and the kids if you
don't know about air fryers the way they
work is they're such a rapid air
circulation in them it fries the food
really quickly from the exterior which
will give you really crispy food it's
super great for french fries and
anything you think of that you like
fried but there's no added oil so it's
so much healthier for you let's get our
chicken ready so Kentucky Fried Chicken
says they put seven coats of the flour
mixture with those 11 secret spices on
it so that's a one dip
to dip 12-13-14 for each of it to get
coded seven times that would be 14 and
my hands got the same treatment on deck
he goes you may want to wash your hands
of this part of the recipe the end or
airfare comes with a great recipe book
it has all kinds of things you might
want to make with simple recipes you can
do I need rings tortilla chips
mac and cheese balls I love this recipe
book oh my gosh
even egg rolls you can do in an airfryer
can you believe that those are crispy
fried spring rolls Wow
perfectly cooked steaks but today I'm
doing chicken they have a nice recipe
for chicken tenders you can even make
grilled cheese or doughnuts with this Oh
YUM maybe for dessert another time and
the NARC even comes with preset settings
the seven cooking presets our fries ribs
shrimp cake chicken steak fish so you
can cook your favorite dishes so let's
load her up one two three and four so
arrange them with air in between by
plumping them up on the sides because
you want every part crispy you want the
air to circulate between each piece and
any part that may not have gotten the
dip you do on it at it cuz you want it
all to be crispy and beautiful like
Kentucky Fried Chicken and when she's
loaded slide her in so turn it on and so
we want it at 360 degrees for 18 minutes
I'm gonna press the timer and tweak that
18 good to go go I only put four pieces
of chicken in I could have put six or
eight or it could have put fries in the
center this has such a large size in
that basket I could feed a whole family
of five for one meal with what I can
cook in this it's close to twice the
size of standard air fryers you can hear
that rapid circulation air and that is
what's crisping up that chicken that
technology will take the oil out of the
chick
to make it all crispy without having to
add extra oil we all like the skin and
it's good to know it's not doused with
an extra dunk of heavy grease like they
make it at the Kentucky Fried Chicken
places and let's say you had to take a
phone call or something disrupted you
and you forgot about it it has an auto
turn off so it's safe the push button is
great because it rotates it to adjust
and then you push it to start makes it
very easy to use there's also a heat
preservation button so just in case the
kids aren't ready at the table when you
want to serve them you can have it just
stand warm for another 120 minutes while
you get into the table it's cooked about
halfway through so I like to check it it
automatically stops and I can see what's
going on here and for a super crispy
edge I'm gonna flip it look at that
already that's amazing
that is looking like our Kentucky Fried
Chicken fried chicken and that has no
oil added I'm flipping the other one oh
yeah number three and number four this
is our Kentucky Fried Chicken chicken
and this is the own Ark Kentucky Fried
Chicken copy Wow it's almost
indistinguishable so I'm gonna close it
and it's resuming and it's almost done
and just like that it's done
there's our chicken I think we nailed it
so if they come Wow
they look great I love the little
crunchies at the bottom I'm taking those
out too and to get the basket out you
just press this forward and there's a
button underneath voila that's the
amount of oil that came off your chicken
dripping down underneath this screen so
you don't have to eat it look at all
this oil that came out there is a
nonstick surface so I do not have to
fuss with this I simply put it in my
dishwasher all the dirty parts are
dishwasher safe with all the nonstick
surfaces and I'm throwing that oil away
so look at how these two recipes look
the Colonel Sanders out of the bucket
chicken and the one out of your Oh mark
air fryer I have used air fryers before
and none of looked as good as this or
turned out as crispy so let's say homage
to Colonel Sanders
thank you for this great recipe
you've nailed it let's see if I did - I
don't want him haunting me at night but
how does it taste
let's find out so I'm gonna cut into it
perfectly cook wow that looks awesome
here's my bite but oh no fried chicken
it's meant to be eaten with your fingers
mmm that's insane
it's finger looking good but wait we
want to check the taste from the Colonel
Sanders topping to the copycat a little
more yellow so the smell C isn't gonna
take a bite
hmm KFC copycat I'm telling you they are
so close the copycat
seems to me has it tiny a bit more of
that white pepper the coating is the
same thickness I think of as the 14
turns the crunch is there but maybe not
as much as the KFC but I'm happy to have
less fat um this chicken is much more
juicy than the KFC I will go for that
every time comment and tell me what you
think so click the link below to get
your own mark airfryer and subscribe to
my channel and let's get making great
recipes like once with a little more oil
so we can eat more of the food
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
you