a huge trend I'm seeing lately is
drinking out of mason jars and i'm gonna
show you a way to customize them using
stencils
I really like these mason jars because
they have the flat surface to paint on
some jars have this bubbly writing on
every side and these don't and I got
these at a craft supply store so I'm
gonna tape the stencil to the jar so you
just tape it firmly in place on all
sides I'm using this folk art multi
surface paint because it's great for
glass you dip into your paint to start
and since stenciling is a dry brush
technique you really want almost no
paint on your brush you could use a low
tech spray adhesive on the back or just
the little parts that are riding up if
you just hold down while you're painting
and I'd like to get some of the paint
off here on the side before I go in and
you definitely for glass use an
up-and-down motion to just fill in that
area this has dried so I'm gonna go and
do another layer you're gonna do this
three to four times
once that's dry peel off that you take
and remove your stencil so you want to
place these in the oven while the oven
is cold and they're gonna essentially
heat up with the oven so that your glass
won't crack you pre-heat your oven to
375
while the glasses in there already let
these heat for 30 minutes and then shut
your oven off and let the glass cool
down with the oven as well
don't open the oven don't remove them
until the oven is cold again by
stenciling your mason jars you're not
only distinguishing your drink from your
neighbors with all these icons but
you're also adding pop to the party