painting is a project that works best if
you have a painting partner one of you
can be the outliner the other the
roller the outliner uses a brush to cut
in or outline all the areas a paint
roller can't reach the roller spreads
paint if you're painting solo you get to
change hats by switching tools and
Performing both tasks if you're painting
with a partner give the outliner a head
start to paint a 2-in band along the
joint between the ceiling and the wall
the outliner observes the top down rule
which means you should first paint the
ceiling molding if there is any and then
outline a band of paint on the ceiling
and wall if you're painting the same
color you don't want the outliner to get
too far ahead of the roller or you'll
lose the wet Edge and end up with lap
marks if you're the outliner you should
next cut in a band of paint around any
areas the roller can't reach like around
light fixtures or radiators you also
want to paint around light switches and
electrical
outlets after the outliner cuts in
around the edges the roller can begin on
the ceiling working from the corner
outward into the room parallel with the
longest wall if you're the roller work
your way across the ceiling in 3 or 4T
Square patches and when you reach the
opposite wall go back to the First wall
as the outliner once you finish cutting
in around the edges you're ready to
outline the corners of all the walls
laying on a 2in wide flow of paint from
the top of the corner Down the Walls
next cut in a band of paint around all
windows and doors don't forget if you're
rolling the paint be sure to keep up
with the outliner so the paint doesn't
dry because the rolled on paint acts
like a second coat over the dry cin
paint finish up the outlining at the
baseboards around the floor for these
straight areas use a trim guard or
painter's tape to keep paint off the
baseboard and surrounding areas the
outliner starts first and ends first of
course the outliner could pick up
another roller and help finish the job