hi guys welcome back in our kitchen
today I'm going to be showing you how to
make my daddy and my daddy that means we
making today
abundancy with lemon in them some lemons
here at least using a lemon zest but
this is a very popular here in Kenya so
they're like a snack you haven't even
for breakfast or for afternoon so to get
started or modalities been.we to go
ahead and get some crack
so get your flour and pour it into a
bowl am using self-raising flour you can
also use white fly if you don't have
self raising flour and then just mix
with about one teaspoon to 1 cup of
flour so usually I need to reach my claw
at this stage to remove any lumps in it
so by beating in the flap what that does
is basically erase the flub making it
snakes in life so once I've done that I
normally go ahead and touch my material
or butter or while I'm using muttering
but you can use any of the ones that
I've mentioned so basically you're
wrapping it in these wings to them
laughs so just continue rubbing the
flour in there muttering until it's well
mixed I should look kind of like our new
bread comes with some spots in them so
like the floodlit has some lumps in them
so create our and then in the world I'm
going to go ahead and add some sugar
some salt and then I'm going to zest
some lemon so you're only zestiness
killed only because the weight of our
stairs to be beaten so add some vanilla
essence and then add some water to the
center elect mixing my door from the
center with some warm water that's why
their sugar dissolves as you're adding
in the water and then you start folding
in the fluff from the sides before using
your hands
so once the dough starts to pull in
together as you can see it it's time to
now use your hands so I usually go ahead
and now start mixing in my dog because
now it's coming together and then starts
to need it
[Music]
so once the dough has come together from
the ball as you can see it so it's time
to now start knitting it's like
seriously needing it so get some flour
on the surface and then earlier dope and
start readings and for me my technique
for kneading the dough is usually like
to use my power the base of my power and
then I just work the dough out
stretching it out and then inwards so
out and then in one
[Music]
when you're going to continue mixing the
dough until it's nice and stretchy at
these rates when you look at it it's not
yet where you want it because it's still
like breaking so you want to mix it
until the gluten has activated and it's
nice and elastic
so I've needed that donor for like about
ten minutes and if you look at it you'll
notice the door is now stretchy so
usually at least eight electorally which
to rest and if you need your door rights
you'll notice that the gluten has been
activated and that's like the protein
that's in st. Ursula that allows your
flour your notes would be nice and
elastic and stretchy so you want to make
sure that you need you know for like a
long thing so that when you leave it to
rest you'll need it for like about ten
minutes or so and then that you can go
ahead none stats really need to become a
disease so you'll know your dog is well
needed because it's going to just be
like a poly just rolls out your hand and
you don't get anything sticky the just
rolls off nice and easy as you're
tucking it right now I'm tucking in the
bottom so I can create a nice bowl like
that so I'm going to put the ball into
the bowl and then usually it's simple
and so that's nothing sticks and it's a
bit of oil in the bowl and then just
grease the bowl and then now add my
dough so once you place the bottom of
the bowl you're going to use get your
dog and just nicely recedes using the
same oil really and then add your dough
and cover it with some cling film or a
dish cloth
I like using cling film and make sure
you cover with a cream film directly
onto the dough and not about when you
come back above to get a crust and you
don't become tired so you want to make
sure you cover directly for the dough
making sure there is no air spaces after
you cut your dough so it's literally
holding the no so once you Olivia
to the negative under step enhance our
dish flow on top of this I feel like it
helps activates main routine like a lot
faster and make make your legs inelastic
like a lot of pasta but I don't know if
it's yes to me so you could just leave
it with making film or just add damp
cloth on top I won't upload photography
so I know has had some dangerous it's
been about tending it so I'm going to
take it out of there mo and stacks
middle east if you have a look now
you'll notice that our door is really
nice and soft and really really elastic
the gluten has had time to do its work
so at this point I'm just going to
divide my dough so I can start making my
man disease so I'd like to divide it
into balls so I'm going to make about
four balls and I'm just eyeballing it
here with my hands although an easy
technique actually what you could do is
roll out the dough all so once you've
rolled it then you could go ahead and
just divide your dough
this is an easy way for you to get like
exact measurements instead of getting it
out of the bowl and then for the balls
I'm not even going to put them aside and
cover them so get it into a nice ball
and then flatten it and then now start
rolling it out
[Music]
in Foreman disease you don't want the
dog to be very thin so you want it to be
a bit thick
all right rolled up my go to the
thickness I want it I don't want it very
deep they don't want to very thick the
nose is very fleshy some way to know
what it is
yeah so you go ahead and uh practice
insulate a triangular shape and to do
that just cut a circle into half and
then into quarter and then go ahead now
and apply your dog to find out if your
oil is officially one of the things you
can do is add some water into the oil
although that sometimes can be dangerous
the other method you can uses add some
flour into the oil and you'll notice
once it starts to bubble and dissolve
then the oil is hot enough so go ahead
and add your mine disease to the well
now that your oil is hot and this should
pop off gently
then use a spoon to just flush some
extra oil to the top this will just help
them place even more then go ahead and
Sonia my disease once they start to
brown so you want to make sure your oil
is not very hot to death a pun
so they're just going to turn nice and
golden brown so usually the Mendez's
don't take long to cook as you can see
mine have all turns nice and golden
brown in my oil is not that hot like
it's hot but it's not to the point
expanding them you want to make sure
like I've said that the oil is hot but
still hurts to be able to cook them
through and not burn so I'm going to go
ahead now check out my my disease
[Music]
in this point I'm using is just one that
has also that you can take off the
excess oil and other something that's
addicted to some things is when I've
made my mind else enjoy it let me just
wrap it with cling film and then just
put it in the fridge like refrigerate it
and making sure it will actually be fine
we can actually also freeze the door
when you put it in the freezer you want
to make sure that's when you frost it
and end of times and it don't get richer
before your it starts making so that's a
good sleep if you want to be my one
Simon disease already go ahead and
sprinkle some icing sugar on them this
is totally optional you don't have to do
this you can you actually have Amanda's
use without the icing sugar better to go
the extra mile and make oh pretty and
delicious
[Music]
the Belgians are ready and I'm having
them with a cup of coffee I love the
coffee somewhere that's it they will be
Bigfoot and I'm so proud of my food so
your man disease should be nice light
and airy and when you look through
you'll see they have enough flesh to
them as well as some hollow bits so
that's how I like my methods is to avoid
ratio to them the hollow parts and the
flash floods
there one thing this it really comes
through and when you have them tasty
sugar on top gives it an extra panache
just some extra sweetness at the top
so there's no better way to have my
dentist and tea and I have made a copy
so if you're broken I can even try a
recipe my glasses with the one in them
and also my man that is what also
vegan-friendly did not have legs I did
not have to read with them so you can
definitely try them if your become so
you can't really enjoy this recipe in my
opinion my dad is simply one with them
we should subscribe to my channel and
for more delicious recipes like this
comments down below subscribe to my
channel until next time bye
[Music]