[Music]
hello and welcome to the exclusive
cooking soap Indian recipes in today's
episode you are going to see another
exclusive recipe from my secret cooking
book I am nikya and this is everyday
[Applause]
special in today's episode of everyday
special you are going to see a very
special and traditional Gujarati papaya
salad basically this salad is belong to
the S region rather than the whole of
Gujarat because this is generally eaten
with the gya which is very popular past
Le in my
region so let's start cooking this very
colorful little sweet salty and full of
flavor the papaya
salad for this you will need 200 G
grated papaya 4 TP oil 2 TP sugar 2 TP
coriander seeds half teaspoon turmeric
powder and salt to taste first of all I
am going to heat
oil now I'm going to add the coriander
seeds and around/ teaspoon of turmeric
[Music]
powder then immediately add the
papaya you have to Stir It uh
[Music]
quickly now add the 2 TPO of sugar and
salt
Again mix this very
[Music]
well now let it cook for 2 minutes on a
medium low hit you have to stir after
every 2
minutes look at the H is looking so
beautiful
now it is
cooked now it is the time to show our
delicious looking little sweet little
salty and fully traditional the papaya
salad you can have this with the Puri or
patas but we gujara people like to have
this with the gya which is the
traditional breakfast dish in Gujarat
and the world
[Music]
popular
[Music]
I hope you enjoyed this recipe please
don't forget to send me your feedbacks
on this recipe subscribe TV today for
more exclusive recipe from Indian
Cuisine enjoy the exclusive and secret
recipes only on Fon TV thanks for
[Applause]
[Music]
watching