it ought Tomatoes before you use them or
before you can chase before you can cook
with them need to be cored and that
means that the center part here has to
be taken out it's actually not that hard
of a thing to do it so that's simpler
than Corinne and Apple say or even a
pear but you need to use a knife to do
it and you can either I actually used as
my chef's knife some people don't like
to use such a big knife for such a small
thing so you can use your paring knife
if you prefer I'm going to use a lot of
tomatoes for this demonstration so I'll
show you both ways so remember with your
chef's knife you grab it with your
forefinger and your thumb and then you
grab the handle like your shaking hands
you have a firm wrist grasp firm grip
and what you're going to cut and then
here you have to be very careful usually
with a knife you want to cut everything
away from you and maybe you could figure
out how to do this so you don't cut
toward yourself when you core a tomato
but I haven't figured that out so all I
do is I take the point there's a sharp
this is sharp too and you need to have
it you want your knife to be fairly
sharp when you do tomatoes so go back
and look at the knife work but all you
do is you just pierce the top you can go
down there you can feel a little bit it
get loosened and you just go around in a
circle and I do it more by turning the
tomato than the knife and then come
underneath and just take this part out
and they see the core right there you
can see there's no more core in here
again it's a little mushy on the inside
because it's a store-bought winter
tomato but that's it that's how you
cored tomato you throw this part away or
you can put that into your stock pot to
make stock quit and I'll show you
another one here because we're going to
use this to using the paring knife
that's the same thing you just come
around and do this in a big circle
making sure you get deep enough and then
you just slice underneath it's hard to
see that you're just kind of slicing
underneath here to fill out your circle
here and get the battle part and there
you go there's your core of your tomato
and again to put that in your stockpot