today we're doing tuna Apple salad
sandwiches and it's really good and
fairly fast and it's kind of almost a
combination of Waldorf salad meets tuna
salads so we'll go from there
first of all I'm starting with a 12
ounce can of tuna now whether you get it
packed in oil or packed in water you're
going to want to open and let it drain
the traditional way that most people
drain it is to open the can and press
their thumbs against it and let the
liquid drain out this actually will
preserve the flakes of the fish much
better you can see that some of it is is
already kind of mashed but you still get
more flakes this way than you do the
other way so letting it drain gently is
going to be a little bit better option
for you you could use two small cans
it's not going to be quite as much fish
but it'll be close enough also for that
you need an apple I'm gonna start with
one that's got a red peel and I'm
leaving the peel on it because I want
the color there if you want to do a
Granny Smith whatever kind of Apple you
have go ahead and just chop it up fairly
coarsely leave the peel on it so it
looks pretty and you're ready to go to
that I'm going to add two tablespoons of
some kind of plain yogurt it can be
low-fat yogurt it could be Greek yogurt
whichever kind is plain that you can get
ahold of it's going to work I'm going to
add two to three tablespoons of a
low-fat or fat-free mayonnaise now I'm
giving you a range on this one because
it depends on how creamy you like your
salad if I tend to like mine with a
little more dressing to it so I'm adding
a little bit more but if you don't mind
it dry or if you've not tried it yet try
with a lower amount and work your way up
one half cup of chopped fruit on use and
cranberries dried cranberries again
because I like the color if you didn't
want to use dried fruit if you had red
grapes or green grapes they would work
equally well I would cut them in half or
maybe even slice them depending some of
the grapes that I see out there these
days are pretty darn big so it could be
any kind of dried fruit or a great would
work too also 1/4 of a cup of unsalted
nuts I'm using walnuts you could use
pecans you could use peanuts if you
don't have anybody with an allergy you
could even go further afield
that with cashews and just experiment
also I've got about two tablespoons of
chopped fresh parsley could be curly
could be a flat leaf parsley and a
little bit about an eighth of a teaspoon
of black pepper and then I'm gonna give
it a pinch of salt because we didn't add
any salt with the nuts and we've got a
little bit of salt coming from other
things but I think a little bit of salt
enhances the flavour of some of the
other things that are there now we want
to mix the dressing into the ingredients
that we have here and if you're familiar
with a Waldorf salad if we subdue the
grapes and put in some celery we'd
pretty much have a Waldorf salad going
on but we want to coat everything here
part of the reason for that is we want
to make sure that the apples get well
coated because they're going to be
sitting around possibly for a little bit
of time and having them coated with the
dressing will help them keep them from
going dark all right our tuna is going
to go in now and at this point we're
going to blend it in but you're going to
do this stirring fairly gently because
we want to keep the tuna intact as much
as we can now the tuna could have been
oil packed it could be water packed the
choice on that the calorie content is
going to be a little bit higher when
it's drained if you use an oil packed
tuna but it's pretty much personal
preference when it comes push comes to
shove on this one get that piece out of
the way there and this is actually
pretty much done now the question of in
the media lately has been whether or not
tuna is a safe food to eat one consumer
magazine has recommended that because of
the mercury content of the tuna that
pregnant women women who may want to
become pregnant women who are nursing
small children should all avoid tuna
across the board
FDA and EPA still continue with their
claim and recommendation because of the
high nutritional value of tuna in the
diet that can light tuna is safe for up
to 12 ounces per week and so that's the
one I'm going with partly because I
trust them and partly because I like
tuna and while I'm not any any of those
risk groups I serve people who are so
I'm going to continue with that
recommendation gonna put a couple of
lettuce leaves on this what type of
lettuce is going to depend pretty much
on what type you have I've got a bib
lettuce here that's always pretty so
we'll put that on a couple of leaves
there and I had a knife here somewhere
now my recommendation on slicing
sandwiches is across the diagonal they
actually have done research on this and
have found that it makes it look like
you're getting more if your sandwich is
cut out onto the diagonal as opposed to
if it's cut up and down so anything that
helps us eat less is good in my book I
hope you'll try this one it's tuna salad
sandwiches through Oklahoma gardening
I'm Barbara Brown
you