[Music]
to properly julienne an onion you're
going to start by topping and tailing
that is removing both ends and then
you're going to stand the onion up on
end and cut it in half you're going to
peel off the skin
and then using proper guide hand
technique make sure you see how that
thumb is behind my fingers there it's
very important and you want to angle
your knife blade in at a 45 degree angle
towards the center of the onion using
your middle finger that knuckle on your
middle finger as a guide and see how i'm
using my thumb as a pivot point i'm
pulling my fingers back towards my thumb
my thumb is staying stationary as i'm
working my way through the onion now
once you reach a 90 degree angle flip
the onion over onto its side and
continue julianning the onion all the
way up to the other 90 degree angle
finishing your julienne now when you get
good with your godhand technique you can
speed it up and just as long as you're
following the curvature of the onion and
you're using your guide hand technique
properly you'll be able to whack through
and julian onion just like a pro