[Music]
hi I'm Angela price from Eden condensed
small space garden design and this is
Garden space today I'm going to give you
some tips on how to get rid of green fly
on your rose bushes now greenfly is just
another name for a common bug that gets
to roses called aphids so in the US
they're usually known as aphids in Great
Britain or the UK they're usually known
as green fly and they're tiny little uh
greenish um almost translucent bugs
sometimes you'll see them in a tan or a
brownish color and they love to suck the
plant juices out of uh soft stems and
around leaves and they're particularly
uh fond of roses so you'll notice
sometimes if your rose happens to have a
lot of little green moving bumps on the
underneath of a flower or on a stem uh
those are most likely aphids or greenfly
and there's several uh ways that you can
get rid of them if you have a larger
rose bush that has uh green fly on it
you can simply take your hose and on the
jet uh setting on your nozzle just give
it a really good squirt and just blast
them straight off um that's a way to
kind of get rid of especially if you
have a lot of them do that first and
then let the water dry on the Roses
before you go to the next step there's a
couple of different um preparations that
you can use um I like using a natural uh
insecticidal soap uh this one happens to
be made with seaweed extract and it also
has different um uh natural soaps in it
not chemical soaps that you can actually
just spray on the roses and this will uh
kill the aphids it'll also kind of suff
at them as well and make it distasteful
for them to come back you can make your
own insecticidal soap with a uh bottle
spray bottle of water uh add a couple of
tablespoons of household white distilled
vinegar and a couple of good squirts of
uh dish soap use a soap that's
biodegradable since you'll be putting
this on your on your plants mix it up
and then spray it just like you did the
insecticidal soap and then one of the
most fun ways of getting rid of green
fly is by using uh ladybugs or lady
beetles and you can usually buy these in
your Nursery Center uh Garden Center Big
Box store and they come in a little
carton like this and there's actually
probably several hundred ladybugs in
here and you sprinkle them on the plants
and around the plants and they will go
to town and they'll eat like several
times their weight is and uh aphids and
other uh soft bodied uh insects like U
meie bugs and um uh spider mites and
things like that so but you'll want to
put these on either really early in the
morning uh before the sun comes up or at
dusk because once the sun comes up and
it starts to warm up they'll tend to fly
away um as it gets too hot and if
they're in somebody else's yard they're
not doing any good in your yard so make
sure that you uh wait until it's a
little bit darker before you put those
on and if it's a little cooler too or
damp then that's a good time to use your
ladybugs so I hope that gives you some
good hints on how to get rid of aphids
or greenfly on your roses if you have
any other questions please contact me at
www.enc.com thank you very much
[Music]