how's it going everyone I hope you're
having a kick-ass you hear that
that's the sound of my boiler warming up
and you know what sudden yeah Buccaneer
Bob's rum mm-hmm
Cheers hmm yeah mama welcome to steel
everyone I'm Jesse and this is the
channel all about chasing the craft of
home distillation and making it a
legitimate hobby so if that's what
you're into guys if you like to see
recipes for things like rum and talk
distilling this might be the channel for
you if it is hit the subscribe button
down below and don't miss anything
woo so my still is finally charged with
the first generation of Buccaneer Bob's
rum I'm pumped guys I've been looking
forward to this for a long time rums a
bit of an unknown for me I haven't drunk
a lot of commercial rum and I've been
really looking forward to learning about
it by making it so just to catch you up
really quickly guys a couple of videos
ago I made the wash for this recipe
I was took a card up top for that and to
catch you up since then I have made
these sugar additions which would have
got it up to a sort of theoretical 1095
it has since fermented out to about
10:31 so that makes it a little over
eight and a half percent which isn't bad
anyway guys the boiler is on but I have
not got the still set up I'm gonna go
get that done and while I'm doing that
I'll voice over and post to tell you
what the plan is for today today I want
to talk a little bit about dander that's
coming up later on because frankly it's
a bit of a freaking mystery second of
all I want to start the second
generation of Buccaneer Bob's
wash so that's gonna happen at the end
of video but in the meantime the idea is
I'm gonna do I'm not quite sure what to
call this but a little bit basically of
a hybrid run I'm gonna collect a little
bit of Hearts at the beginning perhaps
five hundred mils just so I can have a
cheeky taste of this product is because
I'm really curious and I want to know
what it tastes like but then I'm just
going to crank it up and run it
make a stripping run obviously what this
is one of those recipes where you build
things up over time and things get
better so collecting low ones now to add
back into a run at a later date there's
not gonna be a problem whatsoever like I
said guys I I'm just really curious I'm
really impatient and I want to know what
this stuff tastes like now not after the
mixed run
anyway I think we're just about really I
really want to go over there and feel
that still because the sound of that
stills changed and I think we're getting
ready for the first strips which means I
need to turn things down that's getting
a really really close so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to kill one of the
elephant element elephants I'm gonna
kill one of the elephants and I'm gonna
turn the elephant other elephant down a
little bit
I mean elements alright we got first
strips I'm going to give that a couple
of minutes just to sort of settle in as
you can see it's getting faster already
and then I think I'm going to turn it up
just a little bit this is right about
where I want it it is just a stream and
sort of breaking every now and again
anyway it looks like the parrot is
working so let's go have a look
so I think what I'm going to do is run
just a little bit more to sort of really
get through the heads it's starting to
taste pretty smooth already to be honest
I just had a cheeky little taste let's
have another hmm so this is difficult I
don't really have anything to compare to
right now but I am certain I can taste
that yeast and right now it's tasting
like really fake banana and a little bit
of clove yeah it's definitely sweet
benign re tropically well it's not sweet
actually it's got the impression of
sweetness there's no sugar in it
obviously hmm but it's not unpleasant
and it definitely doesn't taste like
sixty odd percent that's for sure so
anyway I'm gonna let another maybe
another 100 mils run off the air so
that'll be about five hundred and total
and I'm gonna take maybe 250 mils for
now just so I've got something to taste
from this run and then I'll keep all the
wrist as faint so I'll just turn it up
to a normal stripping run and run them
next time what I'm actually going to do
right now is sing as I've got the parrot
going I'm just going to switch over to a
separate jar to collect so I don't have
the volume that's in the parrot as well
mixing up and smearing into the hearts
cut that I'm going to take and then once
I've taken that 250 mils I'll just
switch back to the parrot for the
stripping run make sense yeah sure I'm
getting with and describing this stuff
for you guys anyway let me go do that
now well that was awkward but I managed
to not spill anything except for a
little bit I spilt into the sink which
is not too bad I should really have a
tray down here to collect anything that
overflows on that so that's my bad
I don't have it for this run means will
don't for next time I'm actually going
to turn the stool down just a little bit
for the Nick sort of 300 mils 253
Mills and then I'll crank it back up
again for the stripping drum so that is
going to take a little while that's sort
of on the go slow train right now so
what I want to do is talk about dunder
Oh
dander yeah this topic is kind of crazy
and there seems to be a whole lot of
different definitions for words a whole
lot of different ideas and a whole lot
of new distillers asking these same
questions over and over again because it
is so freakin hard to figure out what
everything means for the guys that have
been doing this for a long time you
might think I'm crazy saying that just
read the forums use the search bar but
trust me guys I can remember back before
I even started distilling I found this
interesting and I was trying to find
this information and it was tricky
because every definition of danda is
made up of a bunch of other words that
don't make any sense to you either but
on the flip side of it for the new guys
out there the guys that know this stuff
can have a point the information is
there you can find it you do we need to
put the hard yards and yourself cool so
do some reading do some searching this
is not the hobby for you if you want to
just be able to do one search give it
the finesse of answer and go and do
something the next day it's going to
take some good work okay
and saying that let's see if we can't
make it a little bit easier for you
today okay let's start at the beginning
I guess so you take molasses you water
it down you ferment it with yeast to get
alcohol you put it into a still you
distill it to sort of separate the
alcohol and the water from each other
roughly speaking what is left in the
still when you're finished distilling is
done by now I know what you're saying
didn't we talk about the stuff before
and we made the you jsut seem and didn't
we call it back set yep same stuff
backs it and under the same thing
depending on whether you're making rum
or other stuff bourbon or American
whiskey or whatever you want to call her
right so how do you use the dander to
make the
tastes better essentially it's exactly
the same as the you jes ASM you take the
generation before Stumbo in Mexican with
the next generation to create a more
tasty more flavorful rum and also to
create a different environment for the
yeast but hold on guys it's not actually
that simple there's also this idea of
add under put or live dunder lifetime
but or add under pet is when you take
that dunder keep hold of it and let
other things grow in it I don't want to
get into this too much right now because
honestly I need to do some more research
and we don't have time for it but just
know when people talk about dunder they
might be talking about one of the two
things they might also talk about muck
or muck holes and that is definitely on
the live side of things like I said we
will talk about that later on in another
video but essentially you can use that
live dunder in a couple of different
ways you can either edit into the boiler
right before you start distillation or
you can add it into the fermenter after
the primary fermentation is kicked off
either way you're essentially adding
things into the misc mix that are going
to turn into esters later on down the
road and give you more complexity like I
said we're going to talk about life
Thunder Thunder pits muck holes all of
that stuff another day in any case I've
taken off what I want to take off for my
heart's cut for this run I'm going to
crank this thing up and get it into
stripping mode and then we can look at
making the next generation of Buccaneer
Bob's rum if you want the full recipe
for Buccaneer Bob's rum I'll put a link
for the first video down below but we
are gonna need some of that yeast cake
pop it in a pot and get ready to boil it
but before we do anything I want to look
after my healthy yeast I want to get out
of the bucket so when I put hot liquid
in there I'm not screwing it up so
mixing it up with some fresh water and
then I'm going to tip it over into this
nice clean container so we can picture
it again later on turns out there was a
bit more than I calculated but that's
fun I got another container I don't
wanna let the stuff go to waste
now back over to our pot with our yeast
I'm gonna add two lemons and this time
because I am using a little bit of
backset and about two litres of water
because once again I'm going to be using
backset and it started simmering away
make sure you stir it every now again -
so it doesn't stick so the stripping
rotten has come to an end I got down to
actually a little under ten percent
which is more than I normally do but
anyway now I can turn all the power off
to the still kill the water to the
condenser and I can grab some of that
sweet sweetback's it out of the boiler
to dissolve the molasses and add into
the next generation this time around I'm
going a little conservative I guess for
a first generation and using 20% back
set of my total volume so last time I
bought a five liter tub or jar of
molasses I decided to take things a
little more serious than this so the
boiled yeast can go in now as well
Oh case you're wondering guys their
board used to this base is just acting
as a yeast nutrients right now a little
bit of cannibalism never hurt anyone
yeah I feel need to find a better way of
doing this because this is ridiculous
so I'm actually gonna back off on the
molasses a little bit compared to last
time and go more in line or split the
difference between what it did last time
the original Buccaneer Bob's recipe so
I'm going for four liters of molasses
this time like I said I'm gonna be here
for a while
that actually wasn't as bad as I thought
it was going to be a little messy but it
doesn't take too long we now have
everything we need in this bucket other
than water and yeast I can't put the
yeast in there until I get it down below
30 degrees definitely I'm gonna aim for
25 this time so all I want to do now
in cold water and/or warm water so that
the volume that I'm aiming for and the
temperature I'm aiming for arrived at
the same time so here we go
remember to team that you want to get a
fair bit of oxygen into this wash or
woods before you push the oxygen there
easties will love you for it
so my a thermometer says that I am right
at 30 degrees now so I'm going to add
about another three liters of water to
this essentially I'm aiming for about
I'm gonna push it a little bit this time
I'm gonna go for 26 liters total volume
but keep in mind I'm gonna make a syrup
with the sugar that goes in here later
on so I need to leave a couple of litres
headspace for that so I'm gonna aim for
about 25 this time so I've got the
volume I want I've got the temperature I
want just check the gravity and I am at
10 65 so time to pitch my yeast now
there is a fear bit of just crap on top
of this obviously it is one of those is
going in there too the only thing left
to do is bring that into the
fermentation chamber to ferment away I
feel like I kind of accomplished
something today it was pretty awesome
anyway team before I go I need to thank
the patreon thank you so much guys
honestly you are the ones that are
making this possible for me and for
everyone else so a huge thank you to you
and I promise you I will be getting
those thank-you cards up and running for
the next video that goes out I reminded
to the patreon as they haven't gone and
updated to the new reward tiers even if
you're at the same pledged value or
dollar value you won't automatically get
put on to the new reward tiers
that's silly I'm sorry I don't know why
that's the way it works but it does so
make sure you go and do that do everyone
else thanks a bunch for hanging out with
me thank you for watching the video if
you've got any questions about this
realm or suggestions on what you think I
should do with it in the future
make sure you stick some comments down
below but in any case thanks a bunch for
watching the video guys if you liked it
make sure you give it a thumbs up that
helps me out heaps if
you really like to make sure you're
subscribed and I'll catch you guys next
time see ya