[Music]
Norfolk Island Pines are notable names
as they originate in the Norfolk islands
in the Pacific Ocean near Australia and
New calonia it is also known as the star
Pine Captain James Cook the Explorer was
the first to know them they are
extremely symmetrical in growth and
reach a height of 60 to 70 ft Norfolk
Island pine are conifer-like in growth
with needles arranged in Herring bone
fashion and Cones which bear the seed
Norfolk Island pine or Star Pine should
be placed in direct sunlight when used
in interior situations use a well-
drained media and for feeding use a
controll release fertilizer such as osac
coat in the southern states these Pines
can be used successfully in the
landscape they also make great container
plantings for decks and porches and are
a favorite for decorating during the
holiday seasons