everyone today I am gonna make a very
healthy dinner and it's just black and
fish and what we're using is a very mild
fish just to latvia if you will have any
grouper or mark Imani that'd be great
I'm gonna do is put some salt and pepper
I already put some salt on and we have
our favorite blackening spice it's
whatever you want it doesn't really
matter so this is our favorite this is
called black magic I'm just gonna put
this on nice sweet just like that oh and
you want to make sure that you Pat your
fish really dry oh this is getting
really hot this is nice and hot over
here over here we just have our grill
pan now if you don't have one of these
you can just use a skillet it's I would
honestly just work just as good you just
want to make sure it's on look at it
it's smoking it so hot right now it is
hot and this is a very fast process to
oh another little tip this right here
this dark spot that's the bloodline
where could not clean it out because
there it would make them so tiny but in
other cases I would take them out
because if you don't like fishy that's
the fishiest part of the fish so if you
don't like it then all right now we tell
them tiny bit of butter and you want to
make sure this is a really fast process
also if you're doing it up inside make
sure you have your mint fan on careful
this will set off the alarms
we really don't want to cook these that
long on each side maybe without a minute
or two we're gonna go ahead and don't
move them at all and we're gonna put
them in about a minute all right so it's
been about a minute
I'm just want to very gently careful I
know it's you don't want them to but
they will fit a little bit
one more minute on this side we have the
best blocking fish ever
all right so it's just another minute
and they are done and hide over here all
right so let's go ahead take off our
fish
it's a very delicate fish so you want to
be careful taking it off
he's so good there we go
perfect side for this my easy cheesy
grits and perfect there you go a great
meal I hope you like it