here is our simple homemade egg
incubator we have a plastic tub a rag a
small bowl of water a thermometer we
have an outdoor pillow and a heating pad
which we found we put it on the lowest
setting and we placed it inside the
outdoor pad cover to distribute the heat
evenly the thermometer is placed right
where the eggs are to monitor the
temperature it needs to be kept around a
hundred degrees
keep in mind that your body temperature
is around 100 degrees so touch the eggs
to see how they feel to make sure your
thermometer is working correctly we
place the eggs on the pillow
now these eggs have got in pencil
they've gotten an O on one side and an X
on the other to help us determine who's
been turned over that's done in pencil
so there's Eggbert and Shelley and Yocum
if you guys have seen ice age 3 and then
we cover them with our little towel here
chicken eggs incubate for 21 days but we
have turkey eggs they will need to
incubate for 28 the last three days we
don't turn them at all if the
temperature runs too high or too low
within 10 degrees for a day or so don't
worry about it the temperature for eggs
in the outdoors varies his mother hand
waits to sit on her clutch while she
adds more eggs to it and here in Arizona
the temperatures can get well over a
hundred degrees so don't fret about the
exact temp but it will need to be
corrected as soon as you notice it now
on the other hand if it runs at 150
degrees then you better have a nice egg
salad sandwich and get yourself another
set of eggs we close the lid
throw the blanket over it here is our
simple homemade egg incubator