you literally make vlogs with my guy
good you - family - boy Bobby back again
you know your boy Bobby always in the
mix you get your Boise Ollie's in the
Vics vet and as you guys can see we're
gonna be working on the LOB again we're
just gonna be trying to bring the pain
back to life a little bit dizzy you know
he's he's well experienced with stuff
like this so we're just gonna we're
gonna we're gonna see what she does
I'll have him explain everything that
he's doing step-by-step and then we'll
do like a little montage like we did
last time and what you see how it turns
out it's a little brick titties right
now so 30 degrees we decided a way for
the coldest weather to do this so huge
shout-out to Z for his coming a clutch
man you'll be in the description be sure
to go check your contracts right a
regular watch
we don't really necessarily have to be
too careful washing it of course you
don't want to make the pain worse than
it is
so we're gonna start out I don't have
right now it's not like a wash that can
remove relaxants feelings but they're
right out of it so I'm just gonna use
something that I have like mr. pink from
Chemical Guys which doesn't have too
many fillers and ceilings and waxes
inside of it so it'll leave it to a semi
you know it's decent finish after that
we're gonna go with the two bucket
method and just wash it off because you
not to be too careful then we gotta go
clay bar it and then from there we'll
see well judge where we want to go
because it is an old car if we go too
aggressive with compounding a polishing
we might start breaking doing the clear
coat these older GM cars they don't have
too much clear coat on it and as you can
see it's kind of easy and clear coats
coming off in certain places like you
know you don't want to go too much the
next day you would make it worse than it
is yeah right now we're just gonna like
gauge where we can go start outside
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
like cleaning what it does if you don't
know already is it removes any and old
surface contaminants
besides iron there's special sprays
which I have which we can spray on and a
rail dust and iron and brake dust will
break off but this will pick up almost
anything off of any surface it can also
peel up clear coat and paint if you're
not careful so the way you be careful is
use a medium for a to the glider punch
so you can use water that's the common
ones I don't like water because it dries
up quickly with that when you're going
back and forward you don't want the
medium to dry up too quickly because if
you're going back and forward and it
dries up you start having marring
because there's no more liquid for the
clay to glide on anymore so I like to
use MacGyver's of final inspection it's
really good for removing like really
kick dump compound and it doesn't wanna
come off but it's also other use what
people don't know it for is as a clear
it's really cheap this whole bottle is
like twenty bucks or something but it
works fine and this what we're gonna do
now
smells like yogurt yo that's
that dank boy it smells like yogurt it
sounds like that over here oh
you to snigger rolling yeah boy
it's all just for Bobby today I'm trying
a new product fast correcting clean by
grills its loss fast breaking I never
tried it so we're gonna see I heard it's
it's really good meaning that you can't
like they call it one step correct up a
panel so traditionally traditionally you
would go with a cutting compound which
is aggressive so I was a lot of like
abrasive material in it then you were to
move on to a polish to refine that even
more but this one is promising that you
can one-step it basically not promising
but that's why I've seen online so we
can see also usually you want to do this
inside but for demonstration purposes
and the fact that this car is actually
you know not show car we're gonna do it
outside you don't want things to land in
the paint especially but this way we can
also gauge from natural sunlight how
much is a coming off our
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
you got your the wax pad this for my
gyrus MacGyver's it comes with a wax kit
you can get as well but the pad it's
really soft you want to use soft pad for
this because if its aggressive you're
like you're not supposed to be eating
into the paint you're supposed to be
just putting the Pat wax on top of it so
it's matte easy this is really liquidy
but this wax basically you just spread
it on real thin like looks like Bobby's
non-existent sperm oh sure but then all
you do is you put it on a low setting
this will only work with low setting
because if you started like really
getting it in there then what's the
point you get on there real nice and
thin you let it haze up it's going to
take a couple of minutes kind of haze up
and after that you can just buff it on
like with the microfiber Hotel that's
about it
it's how much to it and it leaves your
card nice and smooth and shiny for a
while
[Music]
once that correction a lot so the car
initially looked like it was really bad
but most of it honestly was that it was
just oxidation because a car was sitting
for a while so with the fast correcting
compound I was able to take the
oxidation I'll bring back the depth and
the clarity I got most of the spider
webs out of the paint not all of them
there's still quite a few you know
defects in there but then again we're
just getting this car ready to get sold
we don't really need it to you know in
any show yeah it's not winning any shows
we're not putting rims on yeah we're not
putting 22 dogs on there well yeah we're
just getting you ready to be sold and
honestly it's done the liquid wax when
aren't really nice just buffed her on
and Bobby came through and like a little
white pipe
so all right in this piece
so what do you love to do gonna install
these canyons real quick we're gonna go
fight some pirates
[Music]
first you want to put them on the racks
[Music]