man cheese video of how I clean a model
50 20 II waffle-cone Baker as you can
see this is the waffle maker with the
aluminum heads so the aluminum heads the
tools that you will need to clean it are
as follows a pair of safety glasses a
long-handled grill brush similar to this
these are available at Walmart for $1
and I use a handheld grill brush I think
these are one or two dollars each and I
use a pair of scissors like these the
important thing about these scissors is
the shape of the end of the scissors now
I'll demonstrate the process of how we
clean the waffle maker we've been doing
it at this menses Quaker village for two
years and Charlotte for almost a year
this same way we've already cleaned the
waffle maker we do it once per week and
here's the process how we do it the
first thing we use the scissors shaped
like this because they fit into the
grooves we do all the grooves one way
and then we flip it over and do the
other way the way this angle aside it
cleans the sides of the grills so we do
this on both the top and the bottom the
next step is to use the long handle
brush and we scrape across to clean the
top of it
like this in both ways to clean the top
so we do it both ways to clean the tops
off and then we use the brush to start
cleaning this is where it takes elbow
grease to clean all the grooves out of
the built-up grease finishing off I use
the hand brush to make sure the grooves
are all clean go both ways both top and
bottom never use any water on the grill
themselves these are dry and this is
still hot
I now use dry rags to white and clean
the grills to make sure there's no
shavings or carbon pieces left in the
grill so I wipe these off with it with
it now to clean the outside of the
waffle maker I use this product it's
goop off
it's a grease remover and you can see
there is no residue no harsh fumes safe
for most surfaces I use a damp soapy rag
and spray a little of this on it to
clean the outside only do not do the
grilles with this the outside only and
then I take a clean rag rinse it and
sanitizer rinse it out and just wipe the
outside of the waffle iron to make sure
there's no residue on it now this is
when I seasoned the waffle maker I cover
it with rags so that it doesn't get the
spray on it this is the original
can--that's we've had for over a year
and we wait till the temperature gets up
to 183 which it's well over that now so
the price start coming back down and
what we do is lightly spray the heads
and then cook two or three waffles
of course those first two or three you
throw away by then the grill should be
seasoned and you should not have to use
any of the seasoned clean anymore so
which I'll demonstrate cooking without
using the spray okay I'm gonna cook a
waffle without using any spray we
normally have it out front at 383 after
you're done cleaning it you want
a few back here so after we have sprayed
it two or three times and cooked two or
three this just demonstrates how to cook
a waffle when you do cook the waffle
hold the handle up for a few seconds
let the waffle cook and season on both
sides and puff up then when you let the
handle down it should stay horizontal
then push your timer at thirty seconds
or so is when you now push the handle
down you push it down the waffle is
about completed three seconds two
seconds one okay so now you lift the
handle up slowly and you'll see here's
our waffle and it peels right out of
there now the more that's cooked the
easier they'll start coming out