[Music]
the material in this tube is made from
algae and it has the potential to save
countless lives the product is called
vetti gel and it's produced by a small
biomedical engineering company called
saneras beti gel stops bleeding and deep
wounds within seconds of application you
can see here just how quickly it works
the doctor injects vetti gel into the
opening and in just a few seconds the
wound is closed the better drill is it's
very small pieces of plant door of
polymers kind of like Lego blocks and
now when these Lego blocks go on to a
wound even in actively bleeding wound
they'll very quickly reassemble into a
mesh and then it creates a very strong
mechanical barrier to the bleeding
itself what's also remarkable is that
the CEO and co-founder Joel and Alena
developed the framework for Betty Joe
when he was just 17 years old I always
was a tinkerer
and I would play with whatever I can get
my hands on one of the the most abundant
resources that I had was algae I had
noticed that these materials would
reassemble so we started tweaking it we
started playing around with it I'm
through that trial and error process was
how we landed on the the formulation
that we have today
vetti gel is now approved for use by
veterinarians on animals and saneras
hopes to gain FDA approval for human use
in the military and emergency medicine
market within a year and that's not even
the end of where sanera sees vetti gel
going down the road the technology we
hope also can have indications in wound
healing wound regeneration or even drug
delivery