all right this is cleaning your grout um
the easy way here and the way we start
off is we take a bottle of of uh vinegar
here we kind of what I do is I spray in
in these squares right in here and let
it sit for about 5 minutes now in this
case this section has already been
sitting for 5 minutes so we take a
little cheap brush like this a quick e
can by us at the Home Depot Center and
again this has been sitting for about 5
minutes we give it a little scrub like
this and you can see how it's starting
to take that
dirt uh and Grind from out of the grout
you don't have to get paid for expensive
Grout cleaner or anything of that
particular nature but you can see how
this is done now the reason why I'm so
excited about this is my wife wanted new
floors and this and that and I said hey
you know what
why don't I just clean the floor that we
have here now and you take a look at it
and if you're happy we'll keep what we
got save a little money here and go
spend it on something else like a trip
to Hawaii or something right but
anyhow um yeah as you can
see the grout doesn't take a lot of
elbow grease or anything like that the
grout is coming here now what you're
going to see also too is I'm going to
take a wet mop and I'm just going to
ease over the area and voila
look at that almost brand new all right
and you can see some of these spots this
is the new Square I'm just kind of
swirling around here you can see where
the grout line when it was grout was
first laid what it looks
like and you can see these spots right
around here this area right in here is
nice and clean I got more to do right
over in here but um you can see how just
a little bit of vinegar magic can take
care of that okay
so this is home home
remedies uh from uh from the home remedy
Network which is us and uh uh we'll be
back with some other home remedies uh
later on here but right now we just
wanted to show you how to clean your uh
grout in your floors okay thank you for
watching and you have a great day