hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I want
to show you how to make puppy chow
also known as muddy buddies this is one
of my sister's favorite treats ever and
she begged me to make it around this
time of year because she really really
really adores the combination of
chocolate and peanut butter and they're
just really fun and really delicious and
I don't make them any other time of year
because they're just so indulgent right
and if they're if it's around I'm gonna
eat it I'm gonna eat all of it zel if
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna be the holiday
season the ingredients you'll need are
very few you'll need some rice Chex
cereal
you also need some smooth peanut butter
unsalted butter semi-sweet chocolate
chocolate chips I should say some
confectioner sugar and vanilla extract
and that is it now I also had to add a
pinch of salt to this just to add a
little bit of not only there necessarily
like a salty bite but just to offset so
much of the sweetness so it works really
well but that's an optional touch if you
so choose to do it in a saucepan I am
going to add my butter now my sauce pans
off at this point I don't like to turn
it on before I add all my ingredients
because I don't want anything to scorch
then you're gonna add your peanut butter
now when it comes to peanut butter if
you want to go into my pantry right now
the peanut butter that we like to eat on
a regular basis is the like the natural
peanut butter and that usually tends to
split if you have it then you know what
I'm talking about where the oil splits
from the solid and that's fantastic cuz
you can just mix it up and it's fine
but it doesn't work so well in baking
recipes or recipes like this I find that
it just doesn't it's not creamy it's not
it's not how it should be so use the
regular like smooth peanut butter that
everybody knows and loves so what I do
to this now I'm gonna add a small splash
of vanilla extract about a teaspoon or
so and then what I'm going to do on
medium-low heat
I finally cook this together basically I
just want to melt everything together I
want the butter the peanut butter the
chocolate all to be a really lovely
smooth combination and then when we're
there then we can kind of put everything
together and it's that simple
easy and you're gonna love it so I'll
meet you back here when this is ready
that looks perfect I'm gonna turn it off
because I don't want to burn it now you
have to toss all of yours to rice cereal
with this mixture and I find that the
easiest way to do that is to just do it
in a big pot because if you do this in a
bowl I you might not because you're
better than me I just literally and they
that the series ends up all over the
place I tend to just make such a mess so
I use a big pot and it works really well
so I'm gonna just take my spatula just
to get all of this out because I find
that I can get every single last bit out
with my spatula way better than my
wooden spoon just make sure you're using
a heatproof spatula and pour this over
your cereal and then just give it all a
really good mix you wanna make sure that
everything that one of those little
squares is coated with that chocolate
mixture
this looks good try not to break too
many of them now I'm gonna just take
half of this get off of there I'm gonna
take half of this and I'm gonna place it
in just a resealable bag now I do half
at a time just cuz I find it more
manageable I think it's easier and I can
get everything coated better this way so
I take but you can do it all at once if
you want to I just prefer not to well
just take half to this you're gonna add
half of your confectioner sugar okay so
about a half a cup okay along with a
pinch of salt
I think the salts necessary you might
not think so so and then you just
carefully mix it around like so and now
this is what it looks like this is just
half the batch now at this point you
want this to set you want it to cool you
know and then you're ready to dig in I'm
gonna just dig in right now there's
nothing better than this worm mmm hmm
very sweet but really delicious such a
holiday classic I believe it also goes
by the name of reindeer munch reindeer
crunch or something like that it's
fabulous and easy the recipe is gonna be
the website for you at Laura in the
kitchen calm I encourage you to make
this and feel like maybe Christmas Eve
colored candies in here it would be so
fun to do as a gift but kids love it
everybody loves it the recipes on the
website for you I'm going to go to the
other half no need for you to watch fast
since you already watch me make this one
I have enjoys fine time with me and I
will see you next time make this it's
addictive it is the best
you