I get asked a lot Reyes which one is
better
HTV or screen-printing way is what's the
difference between using a heat press to
make shirts and screen printing Reyes
why is it legal in California to eat an
orange while taking that back we're
going to answer all these questions in
this video first of all here are the
pants on your purpose of making shirts
if you want to start your own brand
screen printing it's better because it
won't cost you much to make a shirt
after you already got the equipment if
you want to make custom shirts for
yourself family maybe even make custom
shirts for people using a heat press and
heat transfer vinyl with a vinyl cutter
is perfect so get a heat press vinyl
cutter and heat transfer vinyl if you
want to build a hobby size business if
you plan to do low quantity shirts but
if you want to grow your business
you'll have to invest eventually into
screen printing because you'll get hit
up for big orders I remember when I only
had a vinyl cutter and heat press and
was born my custom business I will get
hit up for big orders that I had to turn
down because they wanted a cheap price
because we're screen printing you could
offer cheap price you can't wear vinyl
another question I get asked is when
should you use a heat press and Bible to
make an order and once you use screen
printing I would like to just take a
second to take do they sponsor Swagger's
for you it's an online business the
hustle shirts hats shoes and so much
more
what I noticed is a father
I live in this stop so you want that
branch of Jersey they got it and you
better go get it before it's gone he was
from a lot of wholesalers distributors
and local brands which makes its
inventory fresh and I have very low
price make sure to follow him on
Facebook and this again so you could
always be updated and one whose
merchandise he has but to be honest what
are the reasons I borrow him this so I
know what who's styles are selling for
example do you guys know what that had
it because I went to resistor gram and
man that's one of his top sellers and
also how lower friends so if you want to
know what new trends are going on right
now you have to follow him so you go get
new ideas and to get inspired for new
designs you can make so make sure to go
follow my sponsor swagger for you and
did I mention free shipping on a lot of
these items and once again thank you
struggle for you for sponsoring this
video and you know what i'ma go check on
you Instagram right now cuz you know I
might be little swag myself another
question I get asked is when should you
use a key press and bind up to make an
order and once you use screen printing
it depends on you you can do 50 shirts
on vinyl but it would take you forever
the best way I can break it down it's
like this to make one shirt vinyl will
take about one hour if I include the
time it takes to make the design cut it
and weed it and apply it to the shirt if
I have to design ready
fifteen to thirty minutes to cut weed
and apply to the shirt
[Music]
- screenprint it will take about three
hours to get the design ready code and
burn the screen rinse out the screen let
it dry set it up
do a test run and danced our production
of course the more practice you have the
quicker you'll be able to do it but once
you have it set up it will literally
take you between thirty to one minute to
put the design on the shirt perfect for
big orders how I do it is like this sit
Church or less I do a final talk shirt
sophomore with the same design I do
screen printing and between sets and
twelve I'll decide if it's better to do
a vinyl or screen printing because
sometimes people just want a name on a
shirt and that's super quick to make 10
shirts of course you might get asked to
do a two color design and that takes a
little bit more time but that's just a
quick answer once you have your business
running
you will definitely do things your own
way some of you might not want to set up
a screen printing job for just 12 shirts
some of you guys might want to do screen
printing for just five shirts as you do
your business you're going to find the
best way of doing orders that work for
you so don't break your head over it but
I'm not you're asking me but really what
equipment do I need to get started what
is lucky for you I just made a video on
everything you need to start your shirt
and decal business from home go ahead
and check it out right here or in the
description below links to all my
products I use are always
leave below all my videos hope you found
this video helpful and I'll see you in
my next video