[Music]
nine things you shouldn't do on an empty
stomach you are what you eat is a
statement known to everyone but do you
know that what we do before a meal also
has a great impact on our health we're
going to tell you about nine things you
really shouldn't do on an empty stomach
and by empty stomach we mean no less
than two hours after your last meal also
we'll even throw in a bonus where we
will tell you some information about
things you can do when you're hungry at
the end of the video
number nine taking anti-inflammatories
remember that aspirin paracetamol and
other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory
drugs can't be taken on an empty stomach
and not because this significantly
reduces their effectiveness but because
it can cause severe health problems for
example gastric bleeding as a general
rule of thumb you really shouldn't be
taking any medicine on an empty stomach
if you're not specifically required to
do so here's our advice
milk lowers the negative effects of
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs so
it would be a good idea to wash down
your medicine with a glass full of milk
but if it's unavailable just use lots of
water number eight
drinking coffee
[Music]
who didn't drink a cup of coffee in the
morning and skip breakfast but that is a
terrible idea
even decaffeinated coffee will stimulate
the production of acid that might cause
lots of digestive tract issues if drunk
on an empty stomach and beyond that you
may not even get the desired effect you
want from coffee if you skip breakfast
after it because it may lead to a
serotonin deficiency resulting in a
gloomy mood for the rest of the day
what's the solution here if it's tough
for you to give up the habit of drinking
coffee in the morning try to drink your
coffee with milk or cream the milk fat
will reduce the negative effects also
try using natural coffee over
freeze-dried
number seven drinking alcohol
basically without eating the alcohol
absorption rate becomes twice as fast
which means you're going to get drunk
two times sooner and while it may sound
like a good deal for someone it has lots
of negative repercussions some of them
are immediate like a much higher chance
of a severe hangover some of them are
long-term like bad consequences for your
liver heart and kidneys
how to handle this situation
try to give preferences to coold
non-carbonated drinks as they are
absorbed more slowly but even better try
to get your hands on some food maybe a
small sandwich ideally one that contains
butter
number six chewing gum when you chew
your gum your organism thinks that
you're eating food that it will have to
digest pretty soon so your stomach makes
a digestive acid which destroys its
lining when it's empty
this means that overindulgence with gum
is a sure way to develop gastritis also
it's scientifically proven that people
who chew gum prefer junk food like
french fries or candy instead of healthy
options like fruit and vegetables here's
some advice chewing gum that contains
natural sweeteners like xylitol and
sorbitol is far less harmful than those
with sugar also just don't chew gum for
more than 10 minutes even with a full
stomach it can still do some nasty
things to your intestines number five
going to bed
if you go to sleep hungry and with a low
glucose level it will not only prevent
you from falling asleep but it will
probably cause the so-called superficial
sleep and you will also probably wake up
earlier than expected so when you go to
sleep hungry you sleep worse
interestingly a lack of sleep will
increase the level of hunger hormones
that is the reason why we eat more on
the following day
after skipping dinner and not because
our organism remembers not having enough
food two day before
[Music]
what's the best solution here
it is commonly known that gorging
yourself before sleep is also a pretty
bad idea the best option is drinking
some dairy product they contain
magnesium and calcium these elements
should ensure a cell number for intense
training there is a common misconception
that exercising on an empty stomach will
burn more calories that is not true it
doesn't influence fat loss muscle loss
on the other hand is pretty real also
the exercise intensity is also reduced
quite a bit since your body lacks energy
from food what to do that try replacing
intense training with some aerobic
exercises if you have any digestive
issues you'd better have a snack before
any exercise physical activity much like
chewing gum stimulates the production of
gastric juice which is as we've already
mentioned harmful for an empty stomach
number three shopping
it's common knowledge that going grocery
shopping while hungry will end with only
one thing buying way more food than you
need but in fact an empty stomach
dictates our behavior even in non food
stores research shows that our brain
adapts the internal message of I want
food into I want if there's no food
around so a hungry person always buys
way more stuff than he or she needs the
obvious advice here is to make a
shopping list beforehand while you are
not hungry but if that's not an option
and you are already in a store try
paying in cash there is scientific proof
that people tend to be far less wasteful
with their money when they use real
money rather than a credit card number
to drinking citrus juice
and once again we returned to the acid
harming the stomach lining
this time it's citrus juice which does
contain acid and tough fibers which will
irritate an empty stomach this is
especially important for people who have
gastritis or are at risk of developing
it our advice is quite simple just mix a
juice with water diluted citrus juice
doesn't lose any of its benefits and
becomes less harmful if you have hyper
acidity a one to one ratio is probably
best for you if not two to one is fine
by the way some other foods are not very
good for your empty stomach tomatoes
green vegetables and bananas
[Music]
number one arguing
[Music]
scientists have proven that hunger makes
us far less composed the reasons are
quite simple
self-control requires energy which is in
short supply when the stomach is empty
here's an easy fix if you don't have
time to grab a bite of food before a
discussion drink something warm and
offer it to your opponent - or better
yet suggest having the conversation over
dinner
the promised bonus what you can do when
you're hungry well there's at least two
things that you should do on an empty
stomach
number one solve problems your ability
to concentrate increases when you're
hungry according to research this is the
legacy of our early ancestors who have
to focus all their efforts to get food
the hunger hormone also helps to perform
various tasks stimulating the brain
activity number 2 make choices
if you can't decide on what to choose
try doing it on an empty stomach
research shows that hunger leads people
into more successful even though more
impulsive decisions of course you'd
better not use this method when matters
of finances relationship or health are
at stake are you visiting our channel
for the first time then click subscribe
and hit that thumbs up button below the
video join us on the bright side of
YouTube
[Music]