hey guys welcome back to my channel I
know I've been gone for a while but if
you guys follow me on instagram you guys
know that I moved to a new apartment
that's why I've been a little bit MI and
life has been just a little bit busy but
I'm back now and for today's video I
wanted to show you guys how I painted
our bathroom tiles I just bought this
kit from Home Depot online and decided
to do it myself and it was super
affordable and I loved the way that it
turned out so if you guys enjoy this
video please give it a big thumbs up I
will be back with more home decor videos
so if you guys want to see how you can
do your own DIY affordable painting
bathroom towels and then definitely just
keep watching alright so this is what
the bathroom looks like before I painted
it as you guys can see it's just a
variety of colors that back color is
white and then the sides color is a
mixture of like a beige color and kind
of like this light pinkish color you
can't really tell in the video but some
very odd color and there's just a void
of tiles just mixed in together so I
really did not like that but before I
did start painting this bathroom I of
course got permission because again this
is a rental apartment bathroom so make
sure to ask for permission before doing
anything alright so this is what it
looks like when it's been done I love
the way that it turned out I actually
ended up painting only two of the walls
and not that back wall by the tub
because that wall was already pretty
white to begin with so it did blend in
pretty well so this is just what it
looks like I love the way it looks it
looks very professionally done it's not
streaky or anything like that alright so
moving on to materials that you'll need
for this DIY all the materials that I
got were from Home Depot besides a
respirator mask and the goggles or those
were borrowed so moving into materials
what you need is a paint roller this is
a three by four roller you'll make sure
you get one that doesn't shed a lot and
then you also need a tray for the paint
along with that you'll need some gloves
and then goggles to protect your eyes
also you need a synthetic brush this is
a one and a half brush you also need
some painters tape and sanding paper
something a lot stronger than what I got
and then you also need some plastic drop
sheets and then the most important thing
that you'll need for this DIY is a mask
or a respirator mask if you have one
because the smell from this paint is
very very strong so if you guys have one
of these masks
really recommend using in alright so
this is the kit that I'll be using it is
from the brand Rizzoli 'im and it is
their tub and tile refinishing kit I got
this online through Home Depot for a
little bit under 30 bucks so I leave
that link down below if you guys are
interested all right so to begin I'm
just going to start taping off the area
and I'm just going to use this painters
tape and just taping the wall just to
make sure that none of the paint gets on
the wall or the hardware or anything
like that you can help me clean first
and then start taping by I just started
to start taping first so I'm just going
to cover anything that I don't want to
get paint on because you want to make
sure you cover that because anything
that the paint gets on it will not come
off so really make sure you do a really
good job covering anything that needs to
be covered so I'm going to go in and
start covering the hardware like the
sink and the tub and anything like that
once that's done I'm going to take these
plastic drop sheets and I'm just going
to cut them to smaller sizes and start
covering the sink and the tub and the
toilet I'm just going to use that tape
that we use and just going to help
secure that on to the sink and the
plastic drops here I'm just taking a
smaller piece and just covering part of
the tub just to make sure that if
anything drips onto it it doesn't stick
onto the tub so this is what it looks
like once it's been done taped and
covered with plastic sheets we're going
to go ahead and move on to cleaning
alright so moving on to cleaning I did
do a lot of research before using this
kit a lot of people really recommend
cleaning the towels very very well
especially with very harsh chemicals
like comet and that's what is stated on
the towel kit as well so I'm just using
this sandpaper and just standing down
the towels first however this grit for
the sand paper was really really weak so
it actually didn't do anything at all so
I ended up throwing away the sand paper
and I actually just use a damp cloth and
just wiped down the towels because
they're really dirty so basically I skip
the whole cleaning portion but I really
recommend you getting the right what is
that sandpaper and sanding it down and
cleaning it but really it's for your
preference I still really like the
outcome and so I'm just going to just
wipe down these tiles
all right and then before we start
painting we really want to make sure
that our area is very well ventilated so
you wanna make sure all the windows are
open and I actually clipped on a little
fan here just to create some circulation
within the bathroom next we're going to
start with our first coat of paint but
before that you want to make sure that
you put on your math goggles and gloves
to protect yourself so following the
instructions of the kit I'm going to
pour Part A into Part B and then I'm
just going to start to mix that I'm just
using the back of this brush here and
you really want to make sure you mix
this very very well because even the
first five minutes of mixing this it was
still very very liquidy and like when I
pulled up the paint brush there's like
chunks of paint on the bottom of the
paintbrush here so really want to make
sure that you really mix this very well
so that it becomes more of a thicker
like paint consistency all right next
we're just going to start painting I
really have no technique when I'm
painting I just try to go over the same
spot maybe like two or three times but
it's really good to have the skinnier
and smaller brush because you can get
into these smaller spaces and so you
really don't want to get one of those
really big brushes that you use to paint
like walls in the house or anything like
that also go ahead and use that smaller
synthetic brush to get in between spaces
that you can't get with that roller
brush like any corners or small crevices
all right so this is what it looks like
once it's been painted the first coat
you want to let it dry completely before
moving on to the second coat it did look
really weird to be honest because
there's like a lot of splotches and
smears like this I think that's because
originally the first rolls were very
liquidy that's why it looks kind of like
that but don't worry at all once the
second coat goes on top it looks totally
totally fine
so moving on to the second coat
basically you just want to keep going
and doing the same thing just roll over
that first layer and then again using
that synthetic brush to get into smaller
spaces like the corners and anything
like that so we're just going to go
ahead and continue to apply our second
coat all right once the second coat is
on you want to let that dry completely
for at least three days before getting a
wet or using this bathroom at all maybe
even longer because the scent is still
very strong but before that I did decide
to go and take off the tape you can
totally wait for the paint to dry and
then take off the tape but I was just
very impatient also I did reviews that
once it dried and people took off the
tape it did chip off a little that's why
I'm just taking off the tape while it's
still wet but it's totally up to your
preference so this is what it looks like
once it's done I just love the way it
looks it just looks so professionally
done and I love the finish of this paint
it's like a satin finish so it still
looks like tiles and this is what it
looks like up close as you can see
there's no splotchiness or streakiness
or anything like that so I do hope you
guys enjoy this feel if you guys are not
subscribed yet make sure to click that
subscribe button and I will be coming
back with you with another video on how
I decorated this bathroom so if you guys
enjoyed make sure to click that
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
next time
you
you
you