[Music]
hi I'm Stephanie Jaworski enjoy baking
calm today we're going to make blitz
puff pastry also known as quick puff
pastry now this is a lot easier to make
than your classic puff but yet I find
the results every bit as good so it's
great for both sweet and savory things
like galettes
here we have an Apple galette turnovers
and also the ham and egg pie recipe on
the joy bacon comm website you can also
use it to make cheese straws or even
I've made it for Napoleon's so if you
have an electric stand mixer like I have
here use your paddle attachment or you
could make it by hand but it's really
easy if you have a stand mixer so the
first thing you will need is 2 and 1/3
cups which is 305 grams of all-purpose
flour you may know that as plain flour
put that in there and then you will need
one and a half teaspoons 6 grams of
kosher salt and then I like to add one
teaspoon 3 grams of dry malt diastatic
powder and the reason I use that is it
aids in browning your puff pastry you
can buy it a lot of online sources now
if you don't have it at home and you
don't want to buy it you could just
leave it out so now what I'm going to do
is just mix these ingredients together
on low speed
okay and then his real no puff pastry is
a boat butter now what I like about this
your blitz puff pastry as opposed to
your classic you can just use regular
unsalted butter you don't have to use
the higher fat type so you will need one
cup which is 225 grams of cold unsalted
butter and then you want to cut it into
these large chunks so what I like to do
is you want to make sure every chunk is
really nice and cold is I take my butter
out I cut it into chunks and then put on
plate like I did this cover it and put
it back you know if you think about it
like a half hour before put it in your
fridge or you could just even put it in
your freezer for a few minutes to get it
nice and cold so now what we're going to
do is mix this on low speed not for very
long maybe a minute or two minutes what
we want to do is get you want the butter
to still be about marble size but you
want the mixture to be when you feel it
it's quite grainy if you are doing it by
hand what you want to do is kind of
shear the butter through the pie use the
palm of my hand like so but if you have
the stand mixer like I said low-speed
you know it's only going to take about a
minute
[Music]
okay so see this see what my butter is
still and really large chunks which is
what you want but it's kind of grainy
the flower so that's what you're looking
for so now we are going to add a half a
teaspoon three grams of lemon juice the
lemon juice is going to tenderize our
pop and the other thing is if you store
your pop in the refrigerator for like
you can store it for 2-3 days sometimes
it can have the tendency to turn a
little gray and the lemon juice helps to
prevent that I mean it's still good but
you know doesn't look as good so the
lemon juice will help get rid of that
and then you will need up to a half a
cup which is 120 milliliters 120 grams
of ice-cold water I've taken my water
from the refrigerator so it's really
cold it's always important to keep your
your puff pastry build cold now I'm not
going to add all of my water at once
because you never know how much water
your flower is going to absorb now we
are going to mix this on low speed and
what we're looking for is it's going to
get kind of shaggy the dough it's not
going to get you don't want to like a
solid ball of dough it's going to be
kind of shaggy and when you feel it it's
kind of dry but it will hold together
and this won't take very long
[Music]
okay so once you see that most of the
flour is moistened that's it you don't
want to really mix this very long as you
can see it's very take it off here
it's very shaggy looking but yet when I
go like this it holds together so that's
what we're looking for now this once you
make your dough this what we're going to
do is the same thing you would do with
the classic it's the rolling Follin
folding thing chilling that process is
the same because we got to start
building some layers and that's what
gives us that nice flaky you have all
the layers of flaky pastry so patience
is needed it's not a lot of work but it
takes a little time because we do have
to chill it a bit so clear space you
will need to flour your counter and your
rolling pin and your dough it's
important to keep everything cold if at
any time your dough starts to get soft
or you see the butter starting to get
too soft or sand your dose sticky then
stop and go and put it into the
refrigerator so I'm just going to gather
this up and dump it on here because the
keeping this cold is really important I
can't stress it enough so don't rush it
so I'll just cuz I kind of put it into a
ball my hands are cold which is good
kitchens cold the counter is cold if you
found if your dough is a little warm
even at this point just wrap it up and
put it in the fridge for a half an hour
so
just going to press down now if you have
like some kind of like a flat edge
scraper
this is really good now what we're going
to do and we're going to roll this way
is you want your goal to be three times
the length of your the width so I
usually have about six to seven inches
wide which is both fifteen to seventeen
so therefore my length is going to be
somewhere like eighteen inches to
twenty-one inches centimeters I would be
45 to 51 so you will need a ruler or if
you've made this a lot then so I'm just
going to press down that makes it a
little easier and then as I said you
want to keep your sides pretty even so
this scraper is good don't roll what
like over the edge kind of roll up to
the edge because then that way if you
keep rolling like right off you could
roll the butter and what's out and what
you don't want to do that just use this
to kind of gather it up and then always
check the underside move it around if
it's sticking add more flour if it's
really sticky then you know you should
put it chill it and in the refrigerator
this is pretty good right at this point
okay so measure it run your hands gently
over that and see make sure it's even
thickness some both six yeah right
so now what we want to do I don't know
whether you see this but there's really
a lot of visible chunks of butter and
that's what you want so now we're going
to fold this up like you would a letter
so if you have one of these flat edges
this is good so we're going to do some
you know if you have a lot of flour just
brush it up hit a little still this is
going to be a little rough as it falls
apart on this one don't worry that's
very normal so I'm going to put that and
then now you want to make sure so that's
a little back this off just a little bit
right
so now just square up your puffs you
want to make sure your edges are all
straight like so and then my goal is
starting to get soft so we need to chill
it probably between it depends how soft
it is
30 to 60 minutes because we will have to
do up to 4 to 5 turns like we just did
this is called our first turn so what
I'm going to do is just transfer that to
plastic wrap it up and then what I do is
I take a sharpie and then I put on here
the time and I just put a 1/2 say that's
my first term just in case you were
doing something else and then you kind
of start after a while - how many terms
as I do so if you do that every time
you'll remind yourself so I'm going to
put this into the refrigerator for a
boat like I said 30 to 60 minutes that
way the flour will and the gluten will
relax the butter will get cold again and
then when we come back we will work on
our second turn so now it's been a
little more than a half an hour so we're
ready to go it's nice and cold again
flour your counter and in between our
rolls and folds always make sure to
clean your surface because sometimes you
get little pieces of dough and we don't
want those pass on to our next time we
roll so now again the same thing is last
time we're going to roll this way three
times the length of the three times the
width of our dough now you want this
part on your left side kind of like a
book always have it that way and I kind
of like to just bank kind of help soften
it a little make it easier again always
move your dough around
you don't want it to stick and
constantly kind of sticking put a little
more flour your rolling you know
straighten up your edges okay
as you probably noticed even the second
time it's a little easier to roll it's
not falling apart so straight up
straighten up my edges and then both
seven inches so three times is
twenty-one it's about right so seven is
17 by 51 centimeters again we're going
to do the same thing fold it like a
letter brush off if you have a look
except now if you had like this isn't
too bad it's never going to be straight
because it's hard to get really strange
but what you can do is kind of if you
found it it's really not straight across
and just kind of cut I'll do it here
like that and make sure that this is row
right then you can take this and just
kind of fit it right in there and there
so then you get kind of a straight edge
so this right again straighten
everything up this is what we call our
second turn and this is what's building
those layers so that when you're we bake
our puff pastry we're going to get all
those beautiful crispy layers of buttery
pastry so that's our our second turn now
a classic pop needs about six
the Blitz you can usually get away with
four to five what we're looking for
eventually is to have a really nice
smooth dough without any you can still
see the real chunks of butter so we have
to keep doing this until it's a nice
smooth dough so again wrap it up and
again I'm putting the time and a two so
I know that that's the second turn I'm
going to look to warm so I think a half
hour will do again half an hour to an
hour and then when we come back we will
do our third turn so we're back we're
going to do this will be roll and fold
number three again flour your counter
have your machine on this side the fold
I should say the fold on that side flour
your counter the dough rolling pan again
your length should be three times your
width so ruler and then I like to just
soften that up a bit every time we do
this it's a little easier to roll and
you can start to see is we're getting a
much smoother dough not so much butter
showing it looks pretty good as always
you know keep those edges nice and
straight and when you're rolling when
you've killed your goal when you kind of
lift it you shouldn't get a lot of
spring back or shrinking if you are like
if you roll and then you lift it and
you're really getting a lot of shrinking
then chill your dough a little longer
that's a fine it's the gluten little too
tight there so that looks good
you can see it's getting quite smooth
now remember and to end not you don't
want to roll this way just this way
again we're folding this like a letter
you want to make sure that it's just
exactly perfect and you're folding it
over so we want to get those really nice
even layers so that looks good even it
up you can see it gets a lot faster as
chilling the dough and the more we roll
it and chill it so again same thing put
it and then I write on here this is our
third and the time and we'll add chill
but a half an hour and then we'll come
up and come back into our fourth turn
okay so we are on number four you can
see this is not like labor-intensive it
takes actual time but most of its
chilling so you just need to be at home
but you can be off doing other things in
between so again the fold on your left
flower everything and roll this way not
side to side again same thing length
three times the whip
again just run your hand lightly over it
and that way you can tell if it's even
thickness feels good square up sides
here and measure I'm seven inches which
is 17 centimeters so I want to go
lengthwise twenty-one inches that's 51
centimeters which it is after a while
you can just kind of eyeball it almost
so again oh so now evaluate your dough
at this point this is the fourth turn if
it's smooth as you can see here this my
dough is pretty smooth I'm going to
leave it at four turns if you found
there was a lot of really like too much
chunks of butter still showing then
again fold it chill it and do one more
until you get a really nice smooth dough
like I said if you were doing like a
classic puff then typically you need six
turns so you know when they say one of
the names for this is quick pop it's
because we don't need as many turns some
people say that the difference mainly
the differences you might not get as
much pop and as much like layers
flakiness width of the blitz puff pastry
as opposed to the classic personally you
know for the difference in work at home
I find I don't really know it especially
if you're just using it for Ag let or
turnovers to me this is the way to go
so again make sure meats perfectly
square up your edges so we are done this
is just a video on how to make blitz
puff pastry so at this point if you
wanted to use it today I would wrap it
and chill it for a couple hours most of
the time what I like to do is is let it
chill at least overnight
but you know you can use it after a
couple hours so in the fridge
well raft it will keep about three days
or you could freeze it for about three
months so this is perfect you can put it
into the freezer whenever you need some
pop take it out I like to defrost it in
the refrigerator overnight I wrap it in
plastic and then I put it in a plastic
bag and you're good to go
you have your puck so whenever you find
a recipe that calls for pucks you can
use your homemade so you want to try
this and until next time I'm Stephanie
to workday enjoy baking calm
[Music]
you
[Music]