I got a fast one for you today you
washing machine stopped mid-cycle
what's going on here's a quick check
first thing the check o or it was
bouncing around a little bit and all of
a sudden it just stopped
here's here's what the check for it's
pretty simple right so you're taking
care of the laundry and you happen here
it stopped mid-cycle everything was
running what's going on got your hand
wash in there all your clothes in and
nothing well one of the first things you
might check is right here and it's the
lid switch sometimes just pushing down
is all it takes
but what's going on is that peg is not
engaging to switch properly every once
in a while what you can do is bend this
over a little bit so I'm going to try
that and it doesn't always get and
there's a risk here of breaking it but
anyway I bent it over a little bit and
I'll give it a shot and there's a lot of
soft that's asked just something you run
into once in a while and sometimes it
can happen mid cycle as you start
shaking around
positive plum free Lobby date for this
switch and sometimes the lid switch
needs to be the place as well have
plenty of videos on that but this is how
you can sometimes adjust it and where
you can check if you wash your stop your
example thanks for watching country
maintenance folks that helps it helps um
save some money save some time save some
energy
thanks for watching and you probably
heard that sound rattling around as the
machine was running that's exactly what
it was yeah not too good cuz coins can
actually go down and clog the drain so
better to get them out get them out and
we're all set get again so this isn't
always a lasting fix and sometimes we
may need to actually replace the lid
switch check out my videos on how to
replace the lid switch and if you had
coins would be on the drain and blogs
and notice that the dreams not raining
like us do check out my video washing
machine stopped on a dime click it'll
help