i'm going to make some parmesan crisps
these are really neat garnish for salads
for soups for main entrees you can just
use them on a tray on their own they
taste like parmesan cheese because
they're made from parmesan cheese they
just have a little crunch to them
they're so incredibly simple to make it
does help however if you have one of
these silicone baking mats or silpats as
they're often referred to because these
are incredibly non-stick now just a
quick word about these they're really
really non-stick if you can read
whatever logos on there they're the
opposite of nonstick if you can't so you
want to make sure you have it right side
up the other thing is a little bit about
the care of these and that's that you
you don't want to spray them with any
oil and i know that's counter-intuitive
but you really don't want to spray them
with any oil and that's because it
becomes more tacky the stuff the oil
that's not touched by food actually will
bake on and become more tacky in the
oven and to clean these it's very simple
just like you would anything else in the
dishwasher with mild detergent and warm
water so extremely simply we're just
going to take piles of freshly grated
parmesan cheese
and the size is going to be up to you
it's how big you want your final product
to be
i've already preheated my oven to 400
degrees and i'm going to set these in
for five to seven minutes and you'll
know that they're done because they'll
flatten out a little bit they'll darken
and color a little and they'll start to
bubble so here we have an extremely
simple start to a pretty neat garnish
here i'm going to pop these in the oven
in five to seven minutes we'll we'll
pull them back out so when these first
come out of the oven they're too hot to
handle if you let them cool off for just
a little bit until they're handleable
you can actually shape them into
different shapes if you want now they're
perfectly great as a disc you can even
make napoleons out of them by stacking
you know different things in between
layers but i just want to show you real
quick how you could
turn these into some shapes for one you
could use a cream horn mold
these are available a lot of places but
you can find anything that's conically
shaped you can also make little bowls
which kind of makes a neat little salad
appetizer or some kind of an appetizer
dish so you can actually use it as a
vessel so while these are still warm
they're malleable but once they cool off
you're not going to be able to do this
so this is something you kind of have to
do quickly if you do want to shape them
you just wrap wrap it around here
you can see how easy a cone is
and even easier than that
you can take this and stick it on either
on the inside or even the outside of a
bowl
and you can make a neat little vessel
but for today's purpose we'll just keep
a nice round one so as you can see
something incredibly simple can add a
lot of texture and flavor to a dish but
not only that a little bit of a nice
nice beautiful garnish to finish it off
so here you have
a puff pastry filled with spinach and
goat cheese topped off with a little
parmesan tweel