hello people welcome to the second video
of me in this video I'm going to show
you how to flip a coin
such a face first always put moisturizer
put the moisturizer in these parts so
that the coin doesn't slip off since
your skin is hydrated not only this
moisturizer you can put any other
moisturizer like Vaseline and let's just
say if your mom did buy you can always
find water in your home okay so here
comes the teaching first pinch the coin
like this between your thumb and index
pinch it now leave your thumb so that it
lands on your index finger so now bring
your middle finger up and pull the coin
down to your middle finger okay same
with your ring and you are little but
little ones little fingers thing is a
bit tricky because if you bring it here
you can't possibly the coin falls off so
what do you do is just leave it back so
that in such a way that it will lands on
your ring finger again bring your middle
finger up and pull it on your middle
finger same with your index and pinch it
again back so practice continuously so
that it just comes fast so if you do it
fast it will look more cool more faster
more cooler directly proportionate not
only this coin you can use any other
coin right for now I use this coin since
this shape somehow helped me
do it much more faster you saw the shape
all the bumps you can all you can use
even the normal coins - yeah the size of
the coin depends upon you for example
see this one this is bigger than a
normal one and compared to one which I
use it's a bit bigger so it looks like
it doesn't matter but it does matter
so even this much makes a difference so
thank you like and subscribe thanks