today in this video I'm going to show
you how to remove a dry coffee stain out
of carpet here you can see someone has
spilled coffee on the carpet the owner
of the carpet has never cleaned the
spill up so the coffee set in and
stained the carpet I can easily remove
this stain by using the home ersy way a
little water and my finger what I want
to do first is I want to take a water
Mis and dampen the stained area this is
just to loosen the waterbased stain with
water so the ersy way can absorb the
stain you can see here I'm just working
work in the water into the stain to help
loosen the stain up once I have done
this I now want to take my home odor
zway and add the odor Z way to the
coffee stained area you want to make
sure that you cover the stain with a
decent amount of odor way now I'm going
to take my fingers you can also use a
brush or your foot and work the OD Z way
into the carpet as I'm working the o z
way in you can see how the OD Z way is
starting to turn a brown color
indicating that the odor zway is
absorbing the coffee once I get the odor
zway rubbed into the carpet really well
I going to want to leave the odor zway
sit on the carpet until the affected
area has dried if you leave the OD zway
on longer that is just fine because
oders you way is fabric safe and will
cause no damage to your carpet
whatsoever after the recommended amount
of time has passed you can now come back
and vacuum up the affected area the
stain should be completely gone but if
some still is present fall these
directions again and you will completely
remove your coffee stain