welcome to my own therapy healthcare
calm now one of the things is your pets
and your health with your pets have
something to do with fleas this video is
about fleas and how to get rid of them
out of your house now this might look
bizarre but what this is is the setup
where you just put a regular desk lamp
then you put a bowl I like a wide Bowl
and you put water in it warm water in it
and then you put dish soap like I'm
washing dishes in your sink soap and
what happens is the fleas you can see
there's a whole bunch of fleas in there
right now Oh a bunch of them and they
jump up to the heat of the lamp and then
they bounce back down because they jump
up on human bodies and animals because
of the heat and they bounce back off
into this water it's a little bit dense
so they get stuck and then they're and
then they can't get back out and then
they die so it's a flea catcher so my
own therapy health care comm knows the
importance of animals and what you can
do is you can set this in the middle of
your room in every one of your rooms
just overnight and I have two of them
upstairs and two them downstairs and I'm
done I there's no more fleas in the
house I'm not getting bit no one else in
the house and it's a wonderful thing and
I did have to treat the animals and I
treated them with peppermint on their
bellies and please die instantly and the
dog smells good on top of it love life
and life will love you back have a happy
pet bye-bye