I'm just going to do a quick
demonstration on how to clean a cat
litter can use with one using tiny
pellets so these pans are already clean
but I'll give you an example how I do it
now my wife doesn't like it but I use
the toilet first thing you do is speaker
would take the poo out put it in here
take it being very careful not to put
too much in and just the poo and then
budget then when it's just time Alex
after cat feed and who's going to be
turning to sawdust so close it like this
take all the pellets will come to the
top drop it in here drop it in here
here here you'll see is only you got to
take about this long for relaxing well
like 90% thus so this is not very much
tough because it's had been used usually
there would be this whole corner would
be full enough especially after today
and then after that you take this into a
small trash bag and then do the next
hand so I'm moving right there and I'm
going to use this hand to collect them
all because this band is self-cleaning
[Applause]
can you get sick so when there's a lot
of dust in here you don't want to just
dump it into this man because all right
so here's the other another this is all
flea pellets kind of merge those two and
that would be the trash from from the P
the who goes in there you push it wash
it twice and then we just refill
everything paper there use this and
scoop it back into these two and then
add a cup or two into these fans from
the new branding pellets any questions
thank you