up hey what's up guys it's your girl
kristen and i just got off work and i am
about to cook dinner tonight so we are
actually going to be doing a cook with
me video and tonight we are doing cajun
chicken with shrimp alfredo so i'm
really looking forward to doing this
meal because i have been thinking about
it for the last couple of days i'm so
hungry right now and i really wanted to
share this meal with you guys so i hope
you enjoyed this video it definitely
should be one of my best cook with me
yet it's definitely going to be a tasty
meal hopefully if i don't mess enough so
welcome to the video comment below if
you've ever made alfredo at home by
yourself i'm kind of cheating a little
bit today so this is like a really easy
recipe i didn't find the hard cheese
that i usually shred to put in this as
well so this is actually going to be
like my simple version today but either
way it's going to taste good nonetheless
so i guess with no further ado let's get
into the meal and i i was also going to
show you on my outfit today because i
thought i was looking cute so let me
just show you i just wore a regular
shirt and this actually i did a um get
ready with me and then it was like a get
ready for work with me video and i've
had this outfit on so i wanted to kind
of show you guys my outfit for the day
because it's going to be very similar
you will recognize this when you see
that video but anyway this shirt is from
express and i've actually been tying my
dress shirts in the front and i feel
like it looks really cute for our work
environment because as i've told you
guys a million times before we get to
dress casual but i still want to look
put together so i wore this shirt and
then i have this little belt here that i
got it's calvin klein and i picked this
up from tj maxx because i'm kind of
cheap and i love to shop at tj maxx and
get everything for the low low and then
i'm wearing some jeans and these are
from mono teeks because i love my model
takes jeans i told y'all if you haven't
watched my mono teeks haul definitely go
check it out but i mentioned in that
haul that i rock mono takes like every
single day and then i have on my little
black vans which are totally beat up but
i still i love these shoes they're so
comfortable and i think because i've
beat them up they are my most favorite
shoes my feet never hurt y'all they like
they're popping they're comfortable and
i can like walk around and go to my
meetings and you know i don't have to
worry about nothing so it's time to
probably order some more but either way
i love them this is my outfit of the day
ootd and i think it looks kind of cute
what y'all think
okay so real quick i'm gonna run down
our ingredients i got a little bit of
minced garlic and i'm going to use that
to saute the shrimp i also have my
butter shrimp chicken black pepper we
have some heavy whipping cream and
you're gonna need this to make your
alfredo sauce got a little bit of
parmesan which i'm also gonna add to the
alfredo sauce i'm gonna add some
shredded three cheese blend and this
actually has the romano cheese that i
wanted to get so i'm gonna just put a
little bit of this in there because i
couldn't find the romano at kroger and
then we're gonna be doing fettuccine
noodles paprika red pepper and then i'm
going to be doing mine cajun and then
adding a little bit of cayenne red
pepper to make it a little more spicy so
let's go ahead and get the water boiling
and saute the shrimp
okay so i'm going to go ahead and saute
the garlic so i'm putting some butter in
the skillet so we're going to go ahead
and get that going hopefully it melts
really quickly and i just i love fresh
garlic you guys so this is my favorite
thing to saute on the stove because it
just smells so delicious so i ran out of
light daylight so we have to put the
little ring light up so if you guys
notice there's artificial light going on
that is why couple things i did want to
tell you guys about while my water is
back they're trying to boil and then i'm
heating up my little butter so this is
going to be my last cheat meal for a
while i'm actually about to start what
they call i think the south beach diet
where i'm just going to be eating
protein
lean protein and a lot of vegetables i'm
going to really be cutting back on my
potatoes and all that type of stuff
starches no corn we're gonna be like
going all the way hard because i just
bought one of those bikes you guys have
probably seen everywhere if you've been
watching youtube or at least for me
maybe they know i've been looking on
their website so now they're sending me
every single commercial but i ended up
buying one of those pelleting bikes so
i'm really excited because i hear
they're kind of like a cult like people
who get the bike love it and for the
price you better love it so i'm about to
take my workout plan serious and
oh it sounds like my butter is ready but
i'm about to take my little workout plan
seriously and i'm like really looking
forward to it i've been obsessed about
this bike now for over like the last two
weeks so i'm just really really excited
it's supposed to be delivered this week
on thursday and you guys i can't wait so
i'll be definitely doing like not an
unboxing because they're going to be
packaging unpackaging it and setting it
up for me but i'm definitely going to be
like telling you guys all about it and
giving you like my full review and if it
helps me lose this weight cause i got
about 20 pounds i want to lose so we
will see but that is why today is going
to be like my last cheat meal and then
the meal as you guys see moving forward
will be a little bit healthier in nature
okay you guys this smells so good
oh my goodness and then i have my
shrimp all ready to go i've already
seasoned it so it just looks delicious i
washed it seasoned it so i'm gonna go
ahead and add it to
my butter
and we're gonna saute this for a few
minutes that looks delicious oh my
goodness i can't wait to eat this i'm
gonna try to lay them out flat so they
can cook on one side and then we'll flip
them over i think i need a little bit
more butter maybe i just like butter
yeah i'ma add a little more butter
oh that looks so good
oh y'all i can't wait to eat i'm so
hungry
okay so if you're not new to the cooking
with me videos you're familiar with
plonk but if you're new this is plonk
it's from a little winery here in fort
wayne called two e's and oh my god you
guys i always talk about it because i'm
not a red drinker but this is one red
that i drink and i've kind of given up
regular alcohol for the most part we're
gonna just put that little caveat in
there but um i do drink this typically
with pasta and i try to limit myself to
one glass but it's just it's tasty i
just love the taste the fragrance
everything about it so if you're local
you can get this if you're not local i
don't believe they ship but you know
it's worth a try they do carry our
kroger so if you're here in the four
wayne area check it out i promote this
wine and i'm not paid to promote it but
i promote it because i love it and it's
just really that delicious and then
matter of fact i'm looking at my nails
in this little video y'all my nails are
cute i just got my nails done a little
bit ago like earlier today before i came
home and i love them is it focusing i'm
on focus focus y'all see them they look
so pretty oh my goodness i love my nails
love them what do you guys think it's
still blurry hold on let's see if we can
do like this there we go there the nails
are they're gorgeous oh my gosh i love
this little fall color beautiful what do
y'all think about my color i think it's
beautiful comment below if you think
it's beautiful too
[Music]
i think the shrimp is done i kind of
like everything i make to be crispy i've
told you guys this before though but i
think they look really good i'm trying
to make sure they crispy on both sides
it's going to be perfect because even if
they were over
crispy like a little bit too crispy
once you put them in that sauce it's
going to be perfect like oh my god this
smells so i wish i could like let you
guys smell
the fragrance
one day we're gonna get there but not
today but when you make this for
yourself because this is a really fast
meal you're gonna see for yourself this
is bomb that garlic with this shrimp and
the cajun seasoning is just man you
can't even compare this to anything it's
fire so i'm not really going to clean
this out but i am going to add some
olive oil and cook the chicken so we're
just going to add a little bit of olive
oil and i've already seasoned the
chicken and washed it so we're gonna add
this to the pot and go ahead and cook
this because our noodles are almost done
we've only got about 30 seconds left on
our noodles typically what i do is i
cook my chicken and then i add the
whipping cream and my cheese to the
chicken because you've already seasoned
it and it kind of seasons the broth but
today because we're short on time and
i'm really hungry i'm going to take the
pan that i cooked my
noodles in and we're gonna add the
whipping the heavy whipping cream to
that so that we can be multitasking
[Music]
and then i'm going to season it so we're
gonna take some black pepper
and i only have one hand so i'm gonna
season the black pepper and then i'm
gonna show you the rest of the seasoning
okay so i've added the black pepper and
then we're going to add a little bit
more of the blackened zatarans seasoning
food is about to be good y'all oh fire
okay so we're gonna add some red pepper
because i want it spicy not a lot just
enough you don't want it to be too spicy
where all you taste is spice we're also
gonna put some of the cayenne red pepper
and this is what's really gonna give it
the kick it's about to be so delicious
you guys and then i want to get it
boiling so it can thicken up a little
bit it's gonna be so delicious and then
i'm also gonna add that shredded cheese
i told you guys about earlier we're
gonna also add some parmesan cheese this
is finely shredded cheese
because i want it to be really really
cheesy and delicious i'm just doing like
half a bag of this half a bag
and then you basically just stir it and
just let it bubble it's gonna start
bubbling here in a second and thicken up
so the chicken is almost done you guys
and it's looking absolutely delicious
and then i just added the noodles so
we're gonna like get this sauce in here
so they can
start to separate and loosen up a little
bit i actually cook this with extra
sauce so there's gonna be a little bit
more sauce than normal but i like my
stuff saucy so
that's just kind of how i do it and when
you add that sauce the noodles just like
loosen right up and they just look so
good and it smells so good to you guys
like i cannot reiterate enough how
delicious this meal smells smells
absolutely fabulous yummy
[Music]
done and this is it this is the cajun
chicken and shrimp alfredo and if this
don't look like olive garden i don't
know what to tell you we got amana in
the building
amana is new to the channel this is
brian's daughter so y'all showing mine
some love
he's so silly
so i guess it's the moment of truth oh i
need some um silverware okay you guys so
i guess this is the moment of truth so
my battery's about to die so i have to
charge it for a second but we're gonna
go ahead and try this i wish you guys
could see my plate while i try it wait
let me see if i can build it the right
way
amana says it's tasting pretty good she
says she's not a huge shrimp person but
the shrimp is hitting it i'm gonna find
out
what the chef thinks
you know
yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty all right
yeah it's not as spicy as i was hoping
because i love spicy
but i put a lot of sauce in there this
time amanda this is spicy no it's not
it got a little kickback it's not super
spicy but i got a little kickback
um
you guys that shrimp
is fire
that is fire oh my god
um
this is really good
so go check out olive gar i'm gonna
actually get the link for olive gardens
recipes they add the cheese i think it's
romano to this and i do think that makes
a little bit of a difference but this is
delicious you guys so i'm actually gonna
charge my camera really quick and smash
and i'll be right back with y'all
and i'm back and the meal was absolutely
delicious i will have i'm gonna find a
recipe because i've been doing this
recipe for so long i don't actually look
at one but i will put one in the
description box so that you can
recite the recipe follow it and make
sure you get yours right because i've
been eyeballing this particular one for
a couple of years and it's definitely
one of my favorites probably not one of
the most healthier things you can eat so
like i said this is for sure going to be
a cheat meal for me as i get into my
healthier lifestyle because it's going
to be really important for me to just do
it i've told you guys before i've had
bad
um
you know test results when it comes to
my blood work and how healthy i am and i
just need to do better so we're gonna go
ahead and do better we're gonna lose
this weight we're going to get the
cardio going eat better eat right and
just you know try to live a healthier
lifestyle and this alfredo pasta is
definitely not in that category so if
you end up trying this recipe definitely
come back and let me know comment below
in the comment section if you do and
like i said it's so easy takes you about
30 minutes you're gonna love it your
family's gonna love it your kids gonna
love it unless you make it too spicy
then your kids might not love it but
it's really tasty so for sure try it out
and let me know what you guys think but
with that i will see you in my next
upload y'all know i love you i
appreciate you guys too much and if
you're new to the channel go ahead and
subscribe and become a k-star so you've
never missed one of the videos one of my
videos in the future but with that i'll
see you guys next time i love you as
always have a great rest of your evening
bye
[Music]
baby you