hey guys I'm outside today and I want to
show you one of my favorite wild edibles
it's the Wild Onion this time of year
the Wild Onion is really abundant so we
have some right here and I'm going to
dig some up when you dig it up you want
to kind of dig pretty deep in here
because the bulbs are a lot usually a
lot deeper than you would
expect so here's the Wild Onion now what
you want to look for is their little
bulbs look they have little bulbs and
what you want to look for is first off
that it smells like onion or wild garlic
and um and you want to make sure that
the actual Leaf coming up is hollow okay
a hollow Leaf if the leaf that's coming
up it might still have a bulb the look
alike the Star of Bethlehem looks almost
like regular grass where it's flat and
you will you will not smell the taste of
onion those are poisonous so you want to
stay away from them um these are great I
I come out and pick these all the time
I'll throw
into um omelets at home use them for
cooking I used it for um in a soup the
other week um you can also cut the stems
they they uh work a lot like green
onions where you can cut the stems and
use them for many things so this is just
one of my favorite gems that's all over
the place in the woods and on the side
of the road that you should go out and
try out for yourself okay guys thanks
for watching and we'll see you next time
[Music]