hi guys my name is Bill and in this
video I want to show you how to remove
the drain pump from an AM Mana washer
and how to clear any obstructions now
for those of you who watch my videos
every week I did not post one last
Sunday because I was on vacation we went
to Disney World which was a very fun
time maybe at the end of the video I'll
go ahead and post some pictures and
stuff of the family hanging out
there but let's get started on how to
remove the pump from The Amanda washer
now the drain pump on this washer is
connected directly to the motor so on
the motor there's a shaft that sticks
out of the back that's connected to the
coupler which turns the transmission
which bends the tub in the agitator and
on the back side of the motor a little
shaft sticks out that goes into the pump
which is a direct drive pump that's
where the comes up there's no belt or
anything in between it's just connected
directly to the motor now some of the
symptoms you may have if you have an
obstruction is of course it won't drain
but it could also prevent them motor
from spinning if you have a sock or
something like that stuck inside the
pump so in this video I'm going to show
you how to take this
off and you know basically what to do to
get inside to remove anything that's
stuck inside and some signs of wear to
look for so if you know you need to
replace it or something like that now
the last video I made on this machine
was how to remove the cabinet so if you
don't know how to do that there's a link
in the description on how to remove the
cabinet to get to this point so go ahead
and watch that video to get the here now
I'm going to show you how to remove the
pump okay so now that you have the
cabinet off I went ahead and tilted the
machine back so you can see a little bit
better view of the pump now you don't
really have to take the cabinet off
to take the pump off but it makes it so
much easier so you might as well just
know how to do it and get it out of the
way so while the pump's still attached
to the motor we're going to go ahead and
remove the two
hoses so we'll go ahead and take our
pliers and slide SL the hose clamps
back and then these should come
free and once these are free we can go
ahead and remove the two clips to hold
the pump
on they just pop out of the
way and you turn them 90° and they come
out of the
motor they just fit in a little slot and
turn
and then they lock in
place and once that's done you can go
ahead and pull the pump off the motor
and then only goes on basically one way
there's two flat sides on this shaft
that line up with the two flat sides
inside the pump here now one thing you
want to look for is if you have a leak
on this washer a lot of times the
impeller inside here will wear through
over time I guess it just gets out of
out of square or whatever but it'll wear
through and cause a hole through here or
it'll start leaking around the center of
the shaft here and these are pretty
cheap and easy to replace so if you have
a leak go ahead and you know just
replace the
pump and if you look down inside here
you'll be able to tell there's something
inside there normally I just reach in
you can spin this with your finger if it
doesn't spin well you know something's
in there so I always take like a long
pair needle nose stick them inside there
and rotate it until I can see the sock
or the underwire to the brawl bobby pin
or whatever might be stuck in there you
can just pull it out and most of the
time you can put this back on and be
back in good shape so to get this back
on whether it's the same pump or you
replaced it this might not be lined up
to where it needs to be so I reach under
to where the coupler
is and spin this
get that lined up start
spinning and then the pump will snap in
into place and now it's back on so we'll
go ahead and put our Clips
in put them in turn them
90° snap it in place same thing with the
bottom
one back on
[Music]
and there we go back on okay guys so
there you have it that's a real simple
video on how to remove the pump when
you're a Mana washer maybe a mate tag
could be a warp Kenmore they're all
basically the same anymore so it's real
simple to remove the pump clear any
obstructions or replace it because it
has a leak or something like that and
get it back on very easily done so I
hope you like the video now I just got
done making a video with my Dad we were
shooting a couple guns today when he
gets those videos put on his channel
I'll go ahead and put a link in the
description for that and I may include
some Disney pictures after I'm done
talking here so it depends on if I do
that or not so I guess we'll find out
after I'm done editing the video whether
they get in there or not but I probably
will but I want to thank you guys for
watching good luck on your repair if
you're not subscribed to my channel go
ahead and take a minute to do that now
if you like the video hit the like
button or the thumbs up and again thanks
for
watching e