the kerlick mirror looks virtually
identical to glass mirror however it is
1/2 the weight and has many times the
break resistance of glass this makes it
much safer than glass it is ideal for
cutting custom shapes for everything
from decorative mirrors to signage tap
plastics carries clear mirror in 1/8 and
1/4 inch thicknesses it comes with a
protective masking which should not be
removed until the mirror is installed
though acrylic mirror is lighter and
less breakable than glass it is also
more flexible this can create issues
when mounting large pieces if the pieces
are not perfectly flat the mirror will
look like a funhouse the quarter inch
mirror is more rigid than the 1/8 inch
and should be used for larger pieces for
large pieces it is best to first mount
them horizontally on a rigid piece of
MDF or particle board use only adhesives
that are made for mirrors such as
Gunther's mirror mastic using the wrong
adhesive can damage the mirror as you
see here apply the mirror mastic
according to the directions and then lay
the mirror down apply pressure and allow
the glue to dry 24 to 72 hours then
attach to the wall
note that proper installation can reduce
visual distortion but may not completely
eliminate it this will be even more
noticeable the larger the piece for more
detailed instructions click the link on
the tap plastics mirror page