welcome back to carp star culinary I
will be showing you how to cook turnips
which already click and simple healthy
side for your next meal duplicate this
recipe to suit the needs of your family
first cut the end of the turnips and
remove the skin
[Music]
slice thin dice
you'll want the turnip dice to be large
the cook is very simple pour in enough
water to float the turnips salt the
water according to how salty you want
the turnips to be taste the water if
it's too salty train off some of the
salty water and add fresh if it's not
salty enough just add a little more salt
once you get the salt right place on the
stove bring up to a rapid boil then
reduce to a slow simmer and allow it to
cook for 10 to 15 minutes you'll be able
to tell they're done by the color going
from as pure white to an off-white
translucent color
[Music]
once they're finished drain off the
water and have your choice of additional
seasonings I'm going to use black pepper
and some red pepper flakes some people
do add sugar to offset the mild
bitterness of the turnip
very gently stir so you don't break the
terms now you can serve enjoy your
turnips thank you for watching Clark's
our culinary be sure to like this video
please subscribe if you haven't already
and hit the dinner bill icon so you can
be notified of the next video I publish
thanks again
[Music]