so today I'm gonna try and do this piece
right here just a little test with just
Clorox it's a little chilly for us
anyway it's like 60 degrees but I'm just
gonna spray a little light coating of
Clorox on there and like I said still
lazy let it soak in
maybe hose it off maybe the broom in a
little bit and we'll see how that does
on the driveway hopefully better than my
last attempt you'll see okay that's
about 25 percent bleach let's see what
happens I'm going to spray it
[Music]
okay we'll let that sit see what happens
okay it's been soaking about 20 minutes
I'm going to give it a little wet it
down a little bit with the hose and then
work it a little bit with the brood
looks like it's doing something
I think what I'm gonna do is give it
another spray before it rains let that
soak in there but right now I got to
take the camera in but I will show you
the finished project okay three or four
days later rain continuously after I put
the last piece of bleach on but looks
like the bleach will do the job but I'll
probably have to hit it again but it
looks a lot better
so yeah bleach about 25-30 percent will
work I still got a lot of driveway left
to do and I had another idea
let's just do a little test so here's a
spot you can tell it looks pretty bad
I'm gonna throw some coke on there and
see what happens this is all in the name
of me doing the least amount of work as
possible let's just let it simmer coke
there's a lot of stuff but can it clean
a driveway or just make a mess I'm gonna
let that settle in a little bit I'm not
gonna do anything to just let it settle
I'll hose it off and let you know what
happens let's be honest I threw this on
probably about an hour ago forgot all
about it I'm gonna get the hose out hose
it off hopefully I didn't just add a new
you stain to the driveway anyway let's
hose it off see what happened
[Music]
[Music]
you