hi I'm Amy and today I'm making ambrosia
this is a fruit salad that combines
fruit coconut marshmallows and yogurt in
a whipped topping so let's get started
chomp enough pecans to make a half a cup
and set aside in a large bowl add 8
ounces of whipped topping and 6 ounces
of lemon yogurt stir this together then
add 1 20 ounce can of pineapple chunks
drained 111 ounce can of mandarin
oranges drained one cup of maraschino
cherries drained one cup of sweetened
flaked coconut 2 to 3 cups of mini
marshmallows and your chopped pecans
stir until everything is combined now
just chill this in a refrigerator before
serving and here it is delicious and
Broza
this is a refreshing and pretty fruit
salad for this recipe and many more
check out my website at a meal and
kitchen calm look and here it is and
version and here it is