hi everyone welcome to amateur
decorating like a pro I am Catherine I
just updated this console to this yep
I'm settling in on the blues and guess
what it's all done with homemade chalk
paint let's go to work now here are the
supplies that I needed needed water
paint your choice will do exterior
interior flat latex semi-gloss gloss it
really doesn't matter and you'll need a
container for mixing of your paint you
can have one with a lid on it you can
store that paint up to three days and
you'll need plaster of Paris you can
find that at Lowe's for around seven
dollars the two yellow cans or men wax
paste wax in natural and dark my
lint-free cloth is one of my husband's
old t-shirts and I also have a measuring
spoon here which reflects the weight in
ounces the smaller spoon there is for
mixing up the plaster of Paris and of
course I have two paintbrushes larger
one for painting and the smaller one for
touch-ups and also needed a screwdriver
now I know you've noticed that when you
buy paint they always do all the
different measurements and mixing all
these little colors to make the color
that you want and then they put it on
this little wheel or either in this
little magical cabinet to mix it all
together before they give it to you
that's why I use the mixer it mixes it
very well now let's mix our plaster of
Paris in water together to begin I'm
putting in two ounces of plaster of
Paris into my container next I'm going
to add I'm going to go for let's just
say two ounces of water now you want to
stir it until all of the plaster of
Paris has dissolved in other words you
don't see any lumps now plaster of Paris
will solidify very quickly so once
you've gotten everything dissolved you
can go ahead and pour your mixture into
your paint you don't have to wait until
it becomes thick and please do not let
your water and plaster mix you just sit
there it's going to get hard
now that
in our paint it's going to be about 12
ounces I've already marked the line now
this paints about three years old and
I'm not even sure if I have enough to
complete the project so I'm going to use
it sparingly and now let's add in our
plaster of Paris
mr.
now we want to place my mixer and this
container inside of a box and mix it up
stir it just a little bit before you
place it inside the box
now if you want to try using a mixer
instead of stirring it then go to places
like goodwill or any thrift store
they're like five bucks I allow the
paint to mix for about two minutes now
like I said this is old paint in the
addition of the plaster of Paris is
actually giving me a little bit more
paint to get this job done so as I'm
painting and painting left and right and
downward in a roll and then of course I
move over and I start painting upward I
just like to take sections that way
that's just the first coat and then I'll
go back and lay another coat on top of
that in the same order left to right and
then right to left that way you're
surely going to get good coverage on
your furniture I was definitely going
for bling on this fixture initially I
wanted to do it in gold metallic but the
more I applied the less I liked it so I
decided to keep it in the blue family so
having this old paint out there in the
garage boom I decided to just go for it
and even though this old paint is very
very light it's still going to give me
good coverage I'm still only going to
apply two coats of paint now this is the
same paint that I painted the drawers
with before so there's no need to really
repaint these drawers again but I am
going to give them a quick touch-up
around the edges and as far as the
hardware I'm completely out of the
metallic wax so I'm going to give them a
little spritz of gold metallic spray
paint now I was determined to get this
project done in a day so I moved very
quickly to the outside and started to
work on the drawers as well as the rest
of the hardware I put a lid on top of
the paint that way it would not dry out
and by the way that can possibly save
your paint probably two to three days in
a very tightly sealed container even a
jar will do now the hardware was
attached to the drawer with these tiny
little nails so I used painters tape to
keep the paint from getting into that
area the very first time that I painted
it and like I said earlier I did apply
some fresh paint to the actual border or
trim of the drawer now to give me the
glazed look that I want I'm going to
apply the natural wax first and then the
dark wax that way it's going to get the
same consistency on all of the drawers
now if you're ever applying glaze or any
kind of wax to your child paint you can
sometimes put on too much of the dark
wax and it's going to get awfully dark
you can lift that dark wax off by
applying the natural wax it will lift it
off and make it lighter and then you can
go back and do your whole process all
over again and I know that you see this
a lot in stores a dark glazed or wax
finished on a lot of your vintage pieces
alright so this is solely my wax on
method this is for the actual console
itself so I'm using the dark wax only
and I'm going of course in rows just
going up and then back down putting
plenty of wax down I want to tell you
that I do keep my wet sand cloth inside
of the actual container it stays nice
and moist in there and that way I don't
have to get this cloth all saturated all
over again and waste wax oh yeah it's
yucky
it looks really dirty but that's only
wax and it stays inside of the container
alright I began by buffing the first
area that I applied the wax the other
thing is most people don't think they're
going to get a shine from the wax but
yes you are you are going to get a shine
and as you can see I'm getting a very
light shine the more you bought the
shinier it is going to become it's not
going to be a glossy shine but you are
going to get a shine you can also buy a
buffer for $19.99 or $29.99 and not have
to do this by hand but I don't have a
problem with doing it by hand because I
go
very fast with this now this homemade
chalk painting piece does not need
furniture polish you just use your
lint-free cloth yup your husband's
t-shirts or one of your t-shirts and
just buff it okay well where's the
touch-up brush and paint so now that all
the touch-ups and everything is done
with the exception of adding a dark
glaze to the center of the drawers and
along the sides that's all that I have
to do I consider this piece off my list
and update it and as a part of my daily
routine of course that's just waxing it
and getting that shape that I want
I want to say that as you apply dark wax
to your pieces to keep in mind it it's
only going to get richer in darkness so
you don't want to take them down too
dark and if you do remember you can
always lift them back up by putting on
the clear wax that's just a trick you
always want to keep in your bag I think
this is a gorgeous piece I'm glad that I
made the progress on it that I did and I
can check this one off before the
holiday season I hope that you enjoyed
this video I hope that you will take on
some of your projects like this and get
them done in no time if you have any
questions about my chocolate recipe or
even about just chalk painting anything
just please send it to me because this
is something that I talked to myself and
I really enjoy sharing information and
helping you guys save money and have
beautiful pieces like this in your home
if you're not a subscriber please
consider joining my family and friends
and I hope that you're enjoying your day
remember stay in prayer and stay
creative