I'm Sam and this is cooking Cuban our
cooking lesson today is with alwah loh
who will be teaching us how to make
chicharonnes
we are using a pork shoulder in order to
cut off the pork skin to make the chi
gentleness they might sell these the
skin already I'm not sure but if not a
Widow's gonna teach us how to cut it off
this poor children so watch and learn
they have for you as you see he starts
by cutting the edge of the pork fat and
peels it back using the knife now my
grandfather was a butcher for 20 years
so he's making this look easy it's not
easy but with some practice you'll make
some pork fatty delicious chicharonnes
see how he's taking the skin and peeling
it back as he's just like grazing the
surface he's not trying to get too deep
into the meat because then you know the
channel will be a little bit too thick
this pork fat here is just thick enough
to make the Cheech out on really crunchy
but also a little mean after rinsing off
the pork fat in the sink you want to cut
it in two cubes
as you see done here they don't have to
be too small they will eventually curl
up and be a delicious curl of juiciness
now you put the cubes into a pot and add
oil and salt before you fry it
advising IRT chaplains
we are outside now because this is like
greasy you want to cook on medium-high
heat cover cuz that things Ritz
everywhere
be careful cuz the oil spikes up at you
every once in a while you want to move
around the meat so that doesn't stick to
the bottom
nobody's once you've moved around their
meat cover it up again and leave it for
a little while until you uncover it and
stir it around make sure it's cooking
thoroughly and not sticking yeah
when the chauchat earnest look brown and
beautiful like this they are ready buzz
elevated even on a better take the
chicharonnes out of the oil add some
more salt if desired and ready to eat
we are our home
no way Peugeot made this I don't
know meet each other there you have it a
scrumptious Cuban favorite - no calories
I swear
enjoy your chitchat honest so legit
eating pork fat for breakfast and it's
delicious
well founded
firstly your main focus when you were
gonna throw it away any myself right now
[Music]