[Applause]
your LG dehumidifiers moves excess
moisture in your home caused by high
humid conditions giving you a more dry
and comfortable air before you start
using the product keep in mind that the
product operates at temperatures from 41
degrees Fahrenheit
to 90 degrees Fahrenheit avoid using the
product outside this temperature range
for water may freeze inside the product
where the product may overheat also the
product may increase room temperature by
about five degrees Fahrenheit if you
turn on the product and immediately
restart it it will take up to three
minutes before the product begins to
dehumidified this is normal unnecessary
to put like the product to start the
humidifying press power to turn on the
product the display will show the
current humidity level between the range
of 25 to 90 percent press the up and
down buttons to gesture desired humidity
setting in the range of 30 to 80 percent
the display shows the desired humidity
level and after five seconds reverts to
the current humidity level make sure to
set the desired humidity level below the
current humidity level press the fan
speed button to select either
or low-speed using the timer function
allows you to set the product to
automatically shut off after a fixed
amount of time you can set it to 1 to 12
hours the product will turn off once a
timer expires or if the water bucket is
full in order to avoid the water bucket
filling up before the timer ends it's
recommended to empty the water bucket
before setting the timer to disable the
timer repeatedly press the timer button
until 12:00 appears and press once more
a safety standby light turns on after 23
hours of continuous operation for a
1-hour the product will temporarily shut
off to prevent product malfunction and
will automatically resume operation the
bucket full light turns on when the
water bucket is full remove the water
bucket empty the water and replace the
water bucket
the check filter light turns on after
350 hours for 15 days of continuous
operation check the filter and clean it
if necessary after cleaning filter press
and hold the filter reset button for 3
seconds to reset the operating time back
to 0 hours the auto defrost function
turns on automatically to remove any
frost in the product caused by cold
temperatures during this function the
compressor will stop wait for the auto
defrost cycle to end and auto defrost
light will turn off and the product will
resume before you enter the water bucket
turn off the product and unplug it
pull the top handle of the water bucket
to remove it from the product if you
notice that water is dripping remove it
with a soft cloth remove the cover and
pour out the water put the cover back on
replace the water bucket into the
product make sure to angle the bottom
and then push the top into place