it's a wonderful day in the neighborhood
won't you be my cleaner what the heck am
i doing we're gonna test some cleaning
products why not let's go shopping let's
test them out let's see how they do hold
on one sec hey guys if you're looking
for a three-minute video on the best
cleaner on the market this isn't the
problem isn't the video for you because
I'm gonna take you a little in-depth or
we're gonna do a little bit of an
education process about really
understanding cleaners understanding
mold and mildew and algae and apparently
crows and we're just gonna cover a bunch
of different subjects but before we
start I want to say this I thought I
knew what the end results of this test
was gonna be in my mind I knew which
product was gonna work and I gotta tell
you I tried a few different new products
and I was blown away by one of them
there was one clear winner on this video
I was shocked
it was it's a great product so I'm gonna
recommend it so before we go there let
me tell you what we're gonna cover in
this video
oh by the way you know we have the
website up how to a calm and exciting to
exciting things that I'm most excited
about number one is the new humic acid
product for your lawn we did just did a
video on that so watch that video humic
acid for lawns and we've got a link to
it on the website under the products and
the next thing is the new fertilizer
that we've got coming out real quick the
right fertilizer for a lawn is like a
five one two two seven one two and
nobody sells it no one sells a
slow-release seven one two product that
you can actually put a ton of it out and
treat along well I have contacted a
fertilizer company a big fertilizer
company and I've asked them to make one
of their commercial products that's
normally for professionals available to
the public
they've agreed to do it I'm gonna we've
agreed to put it on Amazon for me and
I'll put up a link and that video is
coming pretty soon too
I'm excited about it so let's get back
to the cleaning oh and don't forget
click that subscribe button and you'll
know when that video comes out it's that
little red thing right there click
subscribe check it and all that'll do is
that'll just show you whenever I put up
a new video show up in your timeline
so we're gonna cover in this video
number one we're gonna cover gosh a
whole that whole little thing of
products down here that I'm gonna put up
we're gonna cover quite a few products I
just went to the shop I went on Amazon I
bought some of the stuff that a lot of
people are talking about stuff on TV
stuff that's in big-box stores and I
bought a whole bunch of different stuff
said so let's test this stuff because
I've got a huge fence okay I've got a
huge huge huge huge huge fence it's huge
and it's so and that we've done the
inside I still gotta do the whole
outside and the outside is almost all
shaded and it's full of mold mildew and
algae so hey I wanted to figure out what
was the best way and best products
number two I'm gonna I'm gonna show you
an especially summary at the end of what
I think is the best way to actually use
these products now I do use a pressure
of power washers and I think that's the
best way to do it but how do you do that
in combination with it and if you don't
have a pressure washer can you actually
clean something without a pressure
washer and the answer is yes with this
product that I have that I found that I
really like I'm gonna give you some tips
on pressure washer tips what's the best
pressure washer tip to use I'm going to
use a I think I use a 25 or 40 in the
and the actual turbojet nozzle we're
gonna show you the difference between
those tips on cleaning offense real
quick I'm gonna talk to you a little bit
of difference about the difference
between mold mildew and algae and what
they are and how they move and how they
survive and how you kill and I'm also
gonna talk about the difference between
the cleaners there were some cleaners
that are actually cleaners and there
were some cleaners that aren't cleaners
are just Aldus algaecides basically and
they're designed to kill the product so
again this isn't gonna be a real short
video but I do want to add I do want to
put the information in here because I
think once you watch this video I think
you'll walk away with a lot of knowledge
that you'll carry with you for the rest
of your life so the first thing I want
to do is I want to talk about real quick
go and talk about mold mildew and algae
I'm not gonna get real scientific mold
and mildew are basically fungus fungi
fungi plural fungus they're a fungus so
algae isn't a plant
what's the difference between the two
Algie can actually feed itself because
it has chlorophyll algae is green and it
needs sunlight it cannot algae cannot
grow in the dark so if you see green
guess what
it's algae mold and mildew never have
chlorophyll mold and mildew are never
green I didn't know that now you do too
let's go on let's talk about word of the
name where does it come from algae is
actually derived from the Latin for
seaweed and I think that sort of makes
it that clicks it into my head
fungus actually comes from the Latin for
mushroom fungus so that kind of helps
you clear it up let's talk about algae
first algae actually needs sunlight to
grow it doesn't need direct sunlight it
just needs a certain amount of light if
you take away that light it can't grow
it'll die mold and mildew cannot feed
themselves they don't really produce
their own food they actually eat
carbohydrates and carbon based material
but they don't need they can grow in a
complete dark mold and mildew do not
need light so that's basically the
difference between the two there there
is a difference so I want it I want to
sort of point out something real
important here probably one of the
stupidest comments ever ever seen on my
youtube channel was from a professional
power washing company professional that
apparently they don't have Google and
can't research something and the comment
was at one of my power washing videos
and I said don't use don't use cleaning
fluids on on concrete you're blasting
away a whole layer of of concrete you
don't need to clean you don't need
cleaning solutions if you have the right
tools and the comment was you have to
put down a solution you have to put down
a chemical because you're not getting
all the mold and mildew spores and
you're just gonna leave them there and
they're gonna grow alright let me
explain this so it's apparently they
don't have internet connection wherever
they are this is a cubic yard of air
okay
cubic cubic yard of air within a cubic
yard of air outside there's two thousand
to two hundred thousand mold spores in
every single cubic yard of air every
single one outside
two thousand two hundred thousand
probably average is about fifty thousand
mold spores I know you're gonna walk
around going hey Joe I heard you had
mold spores
that's everywhere outside so your
driveway is being exposed to hundreds of
thousands of mold spores probably every
hour so the fact that you happen to
clean them off and put some chemicals
down and and kill the ones that are
present doesn't make a bit of difference
because there's gonna be a lot more
coming along let me give you another
example if you're inside your house
which is has a lot fewer mold spores
they don't even start really worrying
about treating your house for mold
problems until you start to get up
around the ten thousand moles per cubic
metre is the way they rated per cubic
meter if you don't have ten thousand
mold spores per cubic meter they're
basically not going to treat your house
three thousand mold spores per cubic
meter inside a house with an HVAC system
it's considered clean that is the clean
rating look it up google it
the reason why I'm telling you this is
there really is no way to kill mold and
say I'm done with it because you have
new mold spores coming in all the time
they're new mold spores coming in all
the time and as long as the environment
as long as the conditions are right
they're gonna be there so if you're
outside with a driveway if you're
outside on a fence there really is no
way to permanently prevent mold and
mildew there are some products you could
probably spray over the top that when
they land it'll kill like copper copper
sulfate is one of them copper and silver
have both been used for thousands of
years on mold and mildew but I don't
know that it's worth it to do that so
that's that's your little lesson on mold
and algae they both are out there on
your fence we're both out there to kill
them and some of these products the
reason what I'm talking about this is
because some of those products that I'm
going to be showing you are basically
algaecides they are there to kill the
actual mold and mildew and a lot of
these products are the products that you
put on and then don't worry about it
I'm not gonna say the name those are
some of the products so basically you
spray this product on a nasty old fence
or driveway it goes in it kills the
algae it kills the mold and mildew but
it's still there
really doesn't clean and if you actually
read the label before you buy these
products I want you to read the label
and it says for best results it may take
several days to several months for it to
go away may take up to a year for stains
to totally disappear and I'm like really
dude who the hell buys this stuff who
wants to spray it on and wait three
months for something to be clean I want
to be done that day
and I want to be proud of my work I'm
gonna clean so anyways I'm gonna string
together some of this video for you I'm
gonna show you spraying on the products
I'm gonna show you what they look like
right away I'm gonna come back a couple
hours later as shown to you and we do a
little bit of pressure washing today I'm
not going to do the full fence
restoration and staining project that's
gonna come when it's a little bit cooler
I think I'm gonna wait till the fall to
actually do that full restoration on the
back side of that fence because it's
just too hot to do it during the day but
I at least want to get that test done
the reason why I'm doing that test is
because I got to do the whole back side
outside of this fence and I want to make
my life easier it's real important to
understand nobody sends me products for
free I refuse free products I go on
Amazon and I buy all my products from
Amazon just like you do I review I put
them up and so that's the way I do it so
one of the first things you'll
understand is apparently there's a big
market out there for cleaners because
there's all kinds of products out there
there's all kinds of solutions everyone
has their own little recipe that they
like to do so one of them do today is
I've got a big old nasty fence back here
on the backside that's the shade side
I'm gonna walk over there and show you
that in a minute
and I figured what we do is we take some
of these cleaners and some of these
solutions and I'll probably even take a
little bit of bleach and we'll try them
out and see what's going on but one
thing I wanted to do was today I wanted
to talk about the difference between an
actual cleaner and something that kills
mold and algae what's the difference
between the two so like I said we're
gonna do a little testing nothing real
restrictive nothing super cool
nothing's super scientific but let's
look at this is the dark side welcome to
the dark side of the fence as you can
see this is the neighbor's yard starts
over here these actual cypress trees are
actually their trees so I've got like 12
1012 feet over here that's my property
when we moved into this house everyone
said you're not gonna be able to restore
this fence you're gonna have to go ahead
and and replace it
well all I wanted to do really was
replace some of the structural Timbers
on it I don't care if it's a little bit
warped but I wanted to make it look
decent I'll show you the inside here in
a minute so you can see just how nasty
this stuff gets so the fence turns grey
and brown grey and dark color you'll
start to get algae in here and then
you'll also get the dark mildew so
you're going to get a dark sort of
mildew typically is what you're gonna
see
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
ah it's been a long day anyways Barb's
grandkid came over and swim in the pool
so here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
walk down the fence and you tell me what
section you want I've got all the cans
lined up so it starts here so this
section was treated this section was
treated
here's another section so these have all
been treated now this is a good eight
hours later whew look at section good
looking section there ooh pretty section
here so as you look down do you see
anything I do well first of all
power-washed 40 degree tip power wash
and I went back and sprayed my winning
product on top of that this is this this
kinda looks like brand-new timber if you
look at it it's very smooth it's nice
let me run down this was a 25 degree tip
it's a little more grainy there's a
little bit more texture to it this is
the turbo nozzle on wood
really brings out that grain sort of
rips the wood but you can see it totally
is a leopard stripe if you're not
careful with it
so do not use a turbo nozzle on a fence
I don't like it
40 degree tip works really well all
right so let's look at the ones that I
didn't like again
Craig cutter put it on I really don't
see any difference Clark's house and
siding even though it's probably not a
fence product but I want to put it on
nothing really
let's save the best for last
wet & Forget that's what and forget I
guess I'm supposed to come back in six
months and see it clean fence I just
don't get that
Joe max spray and walk away let's just
walk away from it totally Scott's
outdoor cleaner nope
copper sulfate copper sulfate is
granules you mix in water one and a half
cups per gallon approximately spray it
on if you leave it here it's gonna die
it's good for roofs
I guess well it's not good for a fence
homeowner now homeowner makes a really
good house wash um that's the one that I
recommend I love that stuff on the fence
I think over on all these products
besides the number one this is number
two
homeowner was number two on offense it's
my number one product for a house wash
they make a house wash and I love it
it's really really good so let's go to
number one and I'm gonna post a link up
on the website how to calm I'll have a
link to the hose on one and the large
one if you have a pressure washer you
can use the large one and just hook it
into your your suction hose to spray and
I'll tell you how I'm gonna use this and
how I think you should use a 30 second
cleaner
30-second cleaner was the winner and let
me tell you what ladies and gentlemen
that is not power washed that is sprayed
on I left it just for a couple minutes
and rinsed it off and that looks great
look at the difference between this one
and that one that's amazing
even this one and that one that's just
that's almost a shocking result there
for me so here's how I'm gonna do this
when I clean this fence I'm gonna spray
the entire fence with the 30 second
cleaner keep wanting to see 60 seconds
spray it with a 30 second cleaner I'm
gonna spray two or three panels I'm
gonna come back with a pressure washer
on a 40 degree tip so it's not real
aggressive I'm gonna power wash it with
a 40 degree tip after I'm done I'm gonna
come back and I almost spray another
coat of the 30 second on top of that in
case I missed anything
any mold or mildew and let it sit cuz
this is a bleach-based product that is a
bleach base the other ones are not
bleach base I'm little my house decides
that's the winner that's the quick way
to get to the answer here I'm super
super impressed again 40 degree tip
didn't like the turbo nozzle clean the
fence it tore it up too much and left
the pattern on it again how many more I
got like a couple thousand feet they up
to do so and no I did not test regular
household bleach I just don't like using
a regular household bleach even though
this is mostly a brief bleach product
there's other stuff inside of it you can
tell what a sprays there's definitely
some cleaning solution inside of it I
don't really care I just want to order
it Amazon click give me the stuff I come
home from work and it's sitting in my
garage and I'm ready to go I did all the
work for you
I hope you're happy I'm probably gonna
be cover with chiggers subscribe to the
channel like or dislike the video I
don't care just push one of those
buttons like it don't like it doesn't
matter leave a comment and that's about
it guys don't forget about the two
products I told you about the DG humic
and the new fertilizer that's coming out
and I'm gonna go rest because it's been
a long day so I'm gonna go take a break
and chill out later guys doc
[Music]