[Music]
hi my name is Nikki I'm from Katelyn
panavia and I'm a guest user pretty with
cakes and in this next tutorial I'm
going to show you how to create a tiny
weenie toilet roll so for the toilet
paper and we're gonna make the toilet
paper roll like that it's very small but
you can make it as small as because you
want just roll some modeling paste again
here I'm using Saracino and put it
through your pasta machine and I go down
to number three or number two I will see
I think I'm gonna go down to number two
on my pasta machine that's good and here
I'm using my my kitchen paper just to
create some pattern on my toilet paper
it's very subtle but I like how it looks
just make sure it doesn't stick to your
board obviously if you have if you need
to put the button back again it's gonna
press it a little bit more there we go
if you have a cutter like this it works
very well for this but if you don't you
can go with your ruler so I'm just gonna
press it but I'm not gonna try to cut it
because I want to cut it using my my
knife so it gives me straight edges so
I'm just gonna go ahead and cut
so cut both ends straight and the
pattern I'm gonna put it facing facing
up for the end but you could add
patterns on both sides and just roll it
and try to make sure that it is all
together and both sides are even when
you roll it then you stop and what we
are going to create is what I created
here some pattern to break the paper so
you could measure this with your ruler
if you want to be more precise otherwise
you can go by eye so I just pressed my
tool down and if you have got a
stitching tool you can just use that or
if you don't have a stitching tool what
I did I just went with my craft knife
and just created a pattern there and
then I went ahead and gave it some
movement so there you have your toilet
roll
[Music]