hey guys so I want to do a review of
this Palmolive dishwashing liquid it
says it dissolves stuck on food that's
been stuck on for 24 hours my dishwasher
loaded up here with dishes these things
are looking really grungy some of these
had been sitting for longer than 24
hours that one's really got the dried on
junk
I got yucky stuff down here on the
bottom rack too so we're gonna give this
dishwashing liquid a try and see what
happens
okay so we're back it has been through
the wash cycle and clean clean clean
clean clean clean and look at these
things down here that were so nasty
dirty all clean clean clean clean well
there was one right there that has a
little bit of dirt stuff on it but you
know that there could be a lot of
reasons for that I'd say 99% of this
stuff got completely cleaned it's
looking good
I give it a thumbs up for sure
[Music]