this is part 2 of how to make an origami
well it if you haven't seen the first
video it just click wherever the the
button is I don't forward and because
I'm put it up yet and okay when you've
done the first part it looks like this
is okay then you hold this down past
that will give it a little room give it
a little room of like down here don't
fold it all the way down to the bottom
like all the way starting to go not all
the way so you do this and then people
ease in to the light this one isn't like
the other one this one does not hold all
the way up here just these rooms are
stiffer legs and they're bigger so just
flatten this on the corner right here
and then go on to the other side do the
same thing for years and flatten that
and then after you do that you go to the
other side should look like this
with a little
and after you do that fold it over now
pull this down to the tips pull tip to
tip of the triangle right here and this
triangle right here all day down then
you hold and you fold in half this way
here then when you do that you let
people be you open it up
and then
like that make up flip again I you did
for the first part and use the same for
the other side
now
yeah make sure the deal is out sorry
okay now the next part what you do is
not connect them you don't connect the
punch get you open up the tail hold it
down
and then you fold it like that it should
look like
can I get a little higher and that fits
the bottom part now you put this in here
like that disease and hold it oh you can
put this is usually milk out of okay
okay now take a piece of tape or two and
I'm using duct tape because I don't have
and now we take the game
brother Shannon stomach at now yeah
and then you're done this one doesn't
look his baby this one over here but you
have to platinum a little tight and you
have to and that is how you make this
one a little bit better than this one
and yeah are the origami wolf