hey everybody welcome to the Nano
channel i am Dano little dark in here
I'm inside I've escaped from the heat
that is Las Vegas Nevada and you know
what it's really really hot like I got
back from VidCon the other day and it
was so nice to be in Southern California
it was just so much nicer to do things
that way and just be out there where
it's not so bad out here in Las Vegas is
nasty it is no less than 100 degrees at
any given moment it's just it's gross
it's bad but it's so hot I decided that
I would do something funny i would see
if i could maybe bake some cookies on
the dash of my truck so I'm gonna try
this and we're gonna see if this is if
it's that hot I mean look I've got my
GoPro set up I'm gonna see if this is
possible I've always kind of you know
joked around in like hey it's so hot you
can make your own cookies or something
you know some stupid so I'm doing it
it's happening so let's see how this
works exactly hope it's delicious okay
so it's been about three hours now it's
time to take a look at these things
sorry if I'm covered in dog hair I tried
taking a nap and well he ambushed me
comin okay that's either ugh oh jesus oh
it's a little me I mean oh no I didn't
ok this one's hot this thing is caught
take a look all right let's go hit these
things inside ok so cookies they're here
now notice they still have kind of a
little bit of a little bit of a block
shape to them but I think I think again
oh my goodness I really uncovered in a
lot of dog hair walking it's ok it's
worth it but where is any like a fork a
spatula baby spatula how about that
let's oh I got a kid over here trying to
get in there you think maybe we can
let's see here close see do you think
maybe just maybe hold the things still
for me hold that still
almost like an umber oh yeah I mean it's
a little soft on the bottom still but if
you listen to the top can't you that
it's a cookie sterling solid everybody
give that one track it's like a fresh
cookie and then I need you to hold this
thing still again for me hold this still
hold still shove it in your mouth hold
still cuz dad needs a cookie too okay my
turn fresh cookie look gooey yeah but
good not bad thank you summer pretty
good now that took about three hours to
do that and that was kind of later in
the day I started about 4pm not surely
it's like four hours I started like 330
our door I'm sorry like four days to
think about three hours I'm sorry four
hours and they kind of got cooked I want
to try an egg Shrek trying do you think
as you're trying egg or if you know of a
different kind of food that maybe you
think I should try leave it down in the
comments below because it gets really
really hot in my truck I'm gonna go to
work I'm gonna work for like six hours
so if I start it like right when i get
to work and when i get off of work and I
go to my truck where it's like the
hottest maybe then we'll have something
good and delicious I don't know when we
see let me know your suggestions down
the comments below maybe brownies that's
a good idea i was thinking about an egg
maybe some bacon hash browns or
something nice little breakfast burrito
for lunch leave it down in the comments
below and I'll see you guys in the next
video good boy