all right I feel kind of dumb because I
just washed all of these already and now
I don't really have anything to show how
easy this is on except this one last
piece which isn't even that soaked these
are these two look like they're soaked
but I have washed the crap out of them
and they are not getting any brighter
I'm gonna keep washing them fact I'll
keep them right there anyway when I'm
talking about today is this is a Epson
1400 ink overflow excess ink whatever
it's called all the little pieces of
felt in the base of the printer and
these just absorb all that excess ink
this printer most people just don't dig
into the printer and they install an
auxilary tank which is probably what you
should do but I didn't want to do that
so and I don't mind taking a printer
apart so I took about 15 screws out
there's an eye fix-it section on at
least on the 1400 it shows your world
screws are on what side is there and all
that stuff and that's for removing the
base or housing lower housing I think is
what do they call it anyway so once you
remove the top gut to the printer the
bottom base housing you can just see all
of these soaked black pieces of felt and
so one you put gloves on like I did not
do hands are a little stained and you
take these outside I would say unless
unless you really want to do it in the
sink and I'm going to do it in the sink
because it's freaking cold outside it
will not stain the sink that
sadly especially if you're smart and
keep if you accidentally splatter on the
sink like that just take the time to
wash it off go all the way around if
you're going to splash again you're
going to keep splashing don't wear a
white shirt kind of wearing a white
shirt but whatever
in fact you might even put an apron on
fit it anyway those technique that I was
using first was just to do this spray it
and then I realized it's cleaning the
top but it's not really like each just
keeps coming out and does not stop so
thing that I found see look how much ink
was just in this little tiny piece and
I'm spraying all over the place these
little nozzle things are probably
necessary in fact they are absolutely
necessary unless you're outside with a
hose hold it up close
so that you're literally forcing water
into it and just move it slowly down
here we go that one's completely clean
while I'm at it one thing you'll
probably do if you do this in the sink
or anywhere I guess is if you're using
this this setup like I am or some sort
of nozzle you'll go a little too close
and you'll squeeze out like that and you
might even squirt it into you or onto
the bridge which is over here any norm
any number of places and if you do that
while if you're working on a piece as
well as I think all the water that
splatters is going to be ink filled so
once again I'm just holding this really
carefully up super close to the felt see
it squirting all over the place
luckily I've cleaned it enough it's not
totally dirty water and I'm just going
to work the entire piece
so I'm literally forcing water through
it and not add it not just add it and by
the time I have made it down here this
piece should be absolutely clean say no
more ink
zero nothing maybe there's some remnant
these are a little discolored and if you
get like a little flatter it'll do that
anyway so that's what I'm working on
today I'm gonna keep going over these a
little bit
these still a little bit of ink coming
out but I don't think these are ever
going to be white remember where these
two pieces came from I'm not sure why
they are not recovering like the other
ones did
see theoretically that's that's clean
clean as I can get it so again I'm going
to wash everything off so that nothing
dries that's about it so instead of
installing a bottle I just went ahead
and washed everything if you're not
confident in doing this then you're
going to get ink absolutely everywhere
so don't try it but if you are confident
or stupid like me you'll go ahead and
save yourself a bunch of money it only
took me maybe 10 minutes straight to
clean all four of these and these were
completely black and filled with ink and
that included the time that I took to
come up with that technique so yeah
that's all I got today some nice warm
water as hot as you can manage it not
hurt yourself and you shouldn't have any
problem cleaning your waste you Inc
waste disposal crap the hardest part now
is going to be getting these dries so
that I could put them back in there I'm
going to have to maybe put some weight
on them just squeeze them all day Anna
anyway thanks for watching