[Music]
hi everyone welcome to my channel my
name is Rhonda I'm also known as the
sparkly one today I'm going to be
showing you how I painted my table and
chairs this is a huge table with eight
chairs and they're large as you can tell
and it took me about a week to finish
this project and I painted it it went
from natural wood to this I did not
prime it at all the paint does have a
primer in it so if you stay tuned you're
going to see how I did it from start to
finish hi everyone okay so I am actually
on day three of these chairs and I have
taken out all of the studs on the back
of the chairs I have tons and tons of
nail heads that I've had to pry out with
my pliers
I've had to use these pliers I've
pinched myself about 10 times with these
things but what I would do is I would
take um the on the back of the chairs
these are the
cushions as you can see but I would take
my pliers and I would grab the stud and
I twist and Pull and yank them out and
on this trim right here there's about
one two 3 four five every fifth um stud
that you see here is actually like a a
pin so they would it's a nail head and
they're hammered in so I'm prying them
off trying to get the trim off the
chairs I'm probably going to be taking
this off of here too and I might be
putting it back on but what I was going
to do is I was going to um cover recover
these
seeds um but the back of the chairs I
have eight chairs so that's 16 p pieces
because each chair has two sides and so
there's one on the back and one on the
front and then the cushion so what I did
is I went and I bought fabric because I
was at Joanne Fabrics and I saw this
vinyl and I thought this would be
perfect for my table and chairs so I
ended up buying it and it's like a peer
color vinyl now the vinyl was $9 a yard
and I figured I'd need at least 10 yards
to do my all my chairs and I honestly
don't think it's going to be enough and
I had to go to two stores to get 13
yards and I still honestly don't think
that is going to be enough especially
the way that they're cut on the bolt so
on the bolt they only had a 2 and 1/2
yard a 2 and 1/2 yard and a 8 yard
so I was not too happy about that but
when I got it home and I looked at it I
realized I really do love the color it
goes with my chandelier in my room and
we're going to paint the table and
chairs all white and then I thought this
would be really pretty as the um
upholstered part of the chair but as it
turns
out um I can't get them off of the chair
I'll insert a picture here and I'll show
you what I mean they're all stapled in I
can't get the Staples out I think they
were glued put they put glue over them
because of these studs that were on
there they had to glue these down and
so it's just been a nightmare so instead
of taking off the fabric I'm going to
actually paint the fabric and it's
actually a vinyl so that probably won't
be so bad but I will be using the Annie
Sloan chalk paint and I've seen all
kinds of tutorials on it and stuff and
nobody's done vinyl so this should be
you know a this is a test so I'm not
sure how it's going to turn out so I'm
going to go ahead and finish pulling out
all the studs on the back of the chair
and on the front of the chair and on
these seat cushions and then I'm going
to paint the table and chairs that's
going to take me forever and these are
Big chairs so I once I do that um then I
will go to the next step but I wanted to
show you I made a pattern out of
aluminum foil and once I made the
pattern pattern I cut out a test sample
of a fabric and this was just an old
sheet that I had so I have a pattern now
even though I have a pattern it's still
not perfect so I need to cut it out of a
a sturdier paper and get the right size
of my pattern but I probably won't be
doing that anymore because I'm going to
just uh paint the fabric instead but I
just wanted to show you that it's easy
to make your own pattern with aluminum
foil for anything that needs to be
molded so anyway I thought I would share
that tip with you
the
so after you roll it on you have to
actually go in with a brush into all
these crevices so it could be a lot more
time
consuming um than you think but it's so
worth it in the end so just keep doing
it keep putting that paint on and just
brushing it in
[Music]
hi everyone okay so I am on day six of
this painting Fiasco it is a lot of
painting to do I definitely feel like
I'm making progress finally I got all of
the chairs done um I still just have to
screw on the chair uh seats to the to
the frames but I finally got them done
that took me so long I'm going to say it
took 4 days just to do the chairs so now
I'm going to be going onto the table
and I will probably need two to three
Coates depending on how much of the dark
comes through so I'm not priming I'm not
sanding the paint does have a primer in
it so that is what I'm depending on I
never really sand anything I doubt that
the paint will ever scratch off you know
occasionally it might be bumped into
just like any other um you know dining
table or chairs the paint eventually
will chip in certain spots but that's
not a worry I don't really care but I'm
going to go ahead and I'm going to start
on this table and it's a big table it's
probably 8 ft by 4T or somewhere around
there so I hope it doesn't take me
forever so anyway let's go ahead and get
started I'm going to fast forward
through it all so you can see in a time
lapse so anyway I will talk to you soon
when it's all done so keep
watching also I just wanted to to show
you real quick what I do when I'm
painting so I never have to wash my
brushes so I've done this for six days
so far so I just take a zip lock and I
zip up up until the little area right
here where I close it up I zip that up
and it stores my paint brushes keeps
them moist just make sure you have some
paint on them before you put them in
here and you will never have to clean
your brushes I don't know about you but
the at the end of all of my painting I
just throw these foam rollers away
there's no sense in cleaning them it
takes way too much water and so I just
store them like this until I'm
completely done with my project and then
I'll throw them away and I'll buy new
ones as far as the brush is concerned I
usually do clean my brush um this is an
alkal liid paint which is waterbased and
I can clean them I'm not exactly sure
how good they're going to clean since
I've never used this paint before and
I'll try to wash it afterwards otherwise
I'll probably end up buying a new brush
but anyway I just thought this is the
perfect tip to show you
because you don't have to wash anything
in between or clean your brushes just
store them in here and zip them up tight
and they're good to go the next day this
paint spout oh my gosh it's so amazing I
should have used this years ago I love
this you just snap it on I hammered it
on so I knew it was on snug and it's
such an easy pour spout look at
this just pour it
out look at that so easy I love
it and you just go ahead and get
your roller out of the ziplock it's all
good to go put that aside
and get your paintbrush your roller nice
and
wet and I'll probably end up
starting I think I'll start over here
since I'm right handed it's probably
just going to be easier to roll side all
the
way back and forth I
think so I'm just going to pull out my
brush get that ready okay you ready for
this hope I am too
okay here we go oh my
goodness no turning back
now oh actually I think this will
probably be
easier just kind of roll it
on look at that
so I'm just trying to do one
coat just to get it on
here and
then each coat I mean it dries pretty
quickly so as long as I have one coat on
there and it's provides the base coat
a
[Music]
so what do you think I completely
finished the table and chairs there were
eight chairs and the table 10t table
eight chairs a lot of work I also had
this big picture frame here with a
chalkboard in it and it was a gream
color and it didn't match the white at
all so I just went over it with a dry
brush technique with the same paint so
this looks so much better brightened up
the room this room looks amazing
subscribe like and share this video I
know other people will want to know what
paint I used and how I did it so here it
is so have a good day thanks for
watching bye
[Music]
[Music]