hi everyone today we're creating these
cute bowties for pets to get started
you'll need a sheet of felt and then
just decide how wide you'd like the boat
to be now the piece that you cut to
create the bow will be twice as wide as
the actual bow will be so keep that in
mind so I cut a piece that was about
nine inches wide and two inches tall
flip it over to the back side and find
the center of this piece and fold the
two sides in towards the center then use
a little hot glue and overlap these two
sides a bit and glue them together then
cut any excess off the top and bottom
and then you can just set this aside for
a bit
next we're gonna cut another piece of
felt this piece was about 9 inches wide
by 1 inch tall this will be the center
of the bow
now take the other piece again with the
good side facing up and put a big dot of
hot glue right in the center then fold
the top and the bottom together just
like this and hold it in place until the
glue has dried then turn it to the side
just like this put glue on that right
side and fold that top flap back
and then glue that inside part as well
now we're going to repeat it on the
other side so put glue on that flap
again and press it in towards the center
and then just hold it until it dries and
then glue that outer piece as well so at
this point the bow should look like this
you can go through and open up those
loops to make it look more like a bow
and if anything needs extra glue go
ahead and do that now
then take that long piece that we cut
and put a little bit of hot glue along
the edge and fold that edge in and
repeat this on the other side so the
edges meet in the center
then take this piece and it's gonna go
around the bow so on the backside of the
bow put a big dot of hot glue and glue
it in place there then wrap it tightly
around the bow and when you get to the
other side put a big dot of hot glue
again and glue it in place there then
we're gonna use the rest of this to
create a loop that will go around the
collar so how big you make the loop will
depend on the collar size but I'm taking
some of the sticky back velcro in 7/8
inch squares and we're using velcro so
the bow can be detached easily from the
color at any time so I'm taking this
soft side of the velcro and I'm sticking
it to the back of the bow just really
press down and make sure that it's
firmly attached
then decide how big of a loop that you
want and curl it around like this and
the rough side of the velcro is going to
go right where I'm pointing
so use your fingers to mark the spot
that you want to place it and unroll it
and stick the velcro there firmly
pressing down to make sure that it's
completely attached and then just trim
off the extra felt and now it creates a
loop to go around the collar and it can
easily be detached so that's it I hope
you've enjoyed this tutorial you can
leave me a comment below of what pet
themed craft you'd like to see next and
thank you so much for watching