hi I'm Mike and today we're gonna
troubleshoot and fix a slow draining
sink hey if this is your first time here
hit the subscribe button so you don't
miss anything so here we have a kitchen
sink and the disposal side it's three
basin sink the center is the disposal it
drains fine
the great thing this one it backs up and
it's also connected to the disposal site
as you'll see so this is underneath the
sink
so since since this drain pipe goes down
here you can see it's in a slight
downward angle this should be level here
but it connects into the same pipe that
the discharge comes out of the disposal
yeah the disposal works fine so I know
that the problem is similar between this
fitting and the strainer up here if I
were to guess I would say that the
problem is right here at this connection
but this downward smoke doesn't help it
so let's find out what's happening
now the first thing I'm going to do is
put on some disposable gloves it's cheap
insurance and keeps me from getting sick
the second thing I'm gonna do is grab
this bucket because I know I'll get a
some water that's coming down here and I
think what I'll do is take this one
apart first water
[Applause]
if I open up wide right open probably
fall over the bottom of this cabinet I
don't want that take this one off next
look at that that is a disgusting clog I
don't know how well you can see that
that looks like something you'd find in
Italy Wow
and folks we just solved the dilemma of
why that was draining so slowly well all
that's left to do now is to put this
back together and I can shorten this
pipe by simply moving this collar up a
little bit
I'm just gonna kind of get these
threaded hand tight I'm here to tell you
that really smells too no tools required
but once your Jocelin pipes down here
it's always good to go back through and
tighten everything back up now I'm
really glad that I've got gloves on
because that was that was really nasty
so I'm gonna take these off carefully
and then I'm gonna run the water again
and make sure that we're good
nobody's off make sure there's no leaks
underneath the sink
not
and then call that good we'll see you
next time by the way here's what we
found in that sink drain and it's just a
nasty mess it looks likes - doesn't it
gross just a nasty mess of stuff that
went down the strainer but didn't get
through the pipe