Get top rubber plant care tips.
carrying a rubber plant is quite easy if
you consider it soil light temperature
and water requirements
use well-drained potting mix suitable
for house plants or made by mixing river
sand to the potting mix in equal
quantity position your rubber plant in
bright indirect light in hot sun the
leaves will eventually fall off when the
new leaves are emerging less light is
preferred to promote larger leaves keep
your rubber plant away from heat sources
wipe the leaves of your rubber plant
with a damp cloth to remove dust and
make the leaves shiny you can spray with
pest oil to make the leaves shiny and
insect-free
correct watering is the most important
thing in keeping the rubber plant
healthy and growing keep your plant
moist when the plant is growing but on
the drier side during other time
water only when the topsoil should feel
dry to the touch
keep moist in growing periods but water
only once or twice a month during the
dormant period
do not over water too much watering will
rot the roots and turn the leaves yellow
and drop off
if the plant lacks water or moisture
especially in warm indoor ac air the
leaves will lose their firmness and
begin to drop give a liquid feed in the
growing season in spring and summer
rubber plant is resistant to pests and
diseases if grown in well-lit areas
prune your rubber plant to keep in shape
always cut the stems just above a leaf
node if the plant starts to get top
heavy repot the rubber plant in a pot of
next larger size overgrown plant can be
pruned down to three to four leaf joints
from the soil line
if your plant has only one branch or
shed most of its leaves and you want it
make it bushy trim the top of the branch
with a sharp pair of pruning clippers to
encourage branches
two or more new branches will emerge at
the end
don't throw the stem cutting of the
branch but rather grow a new plant from
this cutting
please like the video and subscribe to
know when i upload new videos
you