all right welcome to northern Wisconsin
outdoor adventures got ourselves a nice
15 and a half inch brown trout today I'm
going to teach you got them all cleaned
up and everything we're gonna teach you
the correct way to cook them in foil
over a campfire so it tastes perfect all
you need is a trout tinfoil some black
pepper some garlic powder some salt and
butter lots of butter depending on how
big the trout is so first of all you're
going to be seasoning the inside of the
meat you don't actually eat this part of
the meat so let's go hog while with all
the seasonings so that it intermingles
within all of the meat so you're going
to start out black pepper black pepper
all the inside of the meat next the
garlic powder this really adds a lot of
flavor to the meat don't add too much
and then a salt all right
see all those nice spices in there next
we add the butter this is very important
it helps to tenderize the meat and just
doesn't love butter alright so we got
the inside stuffed with all of our
seasonings and butter now we're going to
be folding it up and making a nice seal
with tinfoil
if you want to make it so that there is
it's as tight of a seal as possible so
it almost steams it wall over the fire
all right and then you start from the
ends start sealing it up on those ends
as well and the other side all right
looks like that one is all set and then
you place this right over the fire so
stay tuned and we'll show you the
finished product of the fish this
process of preparing a trout for cooking
over a campfire works great with all
sizes of trout however to cook a large
trout such as the one in this video more
effectively and efficiently you can cut
the fish the long way down the spine
season both halves and wrap each of them
individually in tinfoil we decided to
show you the process of preparing a more
average size trout using a big trout in
order to make the steps a little more
clear but as you can see we cut our 15
and a half inch brown trout in half
off-camera and made the two fillets you
see in the middle of the cooking grate
once your tinfoil pockets start to
expand you'll know your trout is almost
ready to be taken off the fire and trust
me folks get your taste buds ready
because this stuff is amazingly good
already
after 10 minutes on the fire it'll puff
right up and you take it right off and
you're all set to eat you just peel the
meat right off the skin and it's
absolutely amazing and you're ready to
eat stay tuned for more videos from
northern Wisconsin outdoor adventures
you