hello widget goes here the plant doctor
with a new video
now it's from tomato greenhouse in this
video I'm going to share with you
information how we grow tomato crop
beefsteak tomatoes in the commercial
greenhouse a little bit about this
section here as you can see this is not
very old structure not really new
probably 20 years old so the tomato
would grow here right located on the
floor so right on fly sticks over cover
soil with the plastic and the bag goes
right on the floor so if you follow my
updates on my website you probably
noticed that last post I made when we
just planted tomatoes on the bag and
we're so first flowers popping up so now
seven weeks later as you can see we're
ready to pick pick some first Tomatoes
so tomorrow I'm gonna be picking our
first fruits from this range so it's
mentioned before this is beefsteak
tomatoes and since the moment we planted
this plants in the bag here what
happened the plants were growing and
setting fruits in clusters
as you can see the first two clusters
will left five fruits on each cluster
and after that we are sitting for fruits
so with the light levels sometimes plant
cannot make four sometimes it's three so
ideal situation when the plant makes for
nice fruits per set
see that's the flower with young fruits
and the top
so this moment if we count this flowers
nice flowers here it's one two three
four five six seven eight clusters
counting flowers at this moment
as you can see here we'll start to de
leave take the leaves off the plant old
leaves leaving the cluster open so it
would be easy to peek and at the same
time the old leaves don't take any
energy from the plant
see here more fruits let's start to
ripen a nice tomato here so somewhere in
the middle here in the middle of the
plant about two or three weeks ago we
had to take some leaves off in the
middle part of the plant because the
plant were very thick bushi so wasn't
enough air flow so we prune some leaves
off in the middle part as you can see
here so after that all we do just walk
the fruits
yep
hold the fruit from breaking off or clip
them see the clips hooks see that set is
almost ready to hook so and as soon as
we reach this wire where you see the
string hooks we're gonna start to lower
them and they're gonna be going like
that for the rest of the season and of
course picking fruit
there is nice set or fruit
even sighs see nice settings
so this is the end of this video so if
you have any questions or comments you
feel free to leave them on my website
alright so I'll see you in the next
video bye