[Music]
a little secret today in Italian cooking
we really use a lot of lemons lemons
outside and inside we use the juice but
we also use the dust very very important
is fundamental in a lot of Italian
recipes Savory or sweet how do we know
that our lemons are healthy and clean
[Music]
of course they are small sometimes ugly
they have spots it doesn't matter
they're really so much better than other
[Music]
lemons wash them well with dish soap
rinse them off really really well and
then if you're not sure they're without
wax take a bowl of water and pour in a
couple of tablespoons of vinegar I
usually use white wine vinegar
uh you can use the one you have it
doesn't really
[Music]
matter slightly mix the water and
vinegar and put your lemons in 30
minutes and they'll be perfectly fine
just rinse them off with water dry them
and use them with a grater or slice them
with a knife
[Music]