hey guys welcome back to another video
so today we went to the grocery store
and we were just planning to grab a few
things that we needed but I found out
what we found this huge aisle of ice
cream and there were so many vegan
options and I was like okay there is no
way I am NOT trying these before we
leave EQs so I asked you guys on
Instagram for Instagram story throughout
this grocery store and looking like a
famous person incognito right now but
look at all of these
ice creams and there's so many that are
being that I haven't seen before like I
haven't tried the not amou haven't tried
this brand this one this one is just
bananas and then there's like some down
in here I think oh the fro and then and
then and then and then the Cherry Garcia
Ben and Jerry's not there so my question
for you guys is and should we do a vegan
ice cream taste test and buy all of
these ice creams and taste test them for
a video I'm not sure if we'd be able to
get through all of them but I'm totally
not so many of you said yes not a single
person said no and I was so thankful
because we had already bought the ice
cream by then so so we're gonna do today
we have six different ice creams that we
have never tried before and some of them
we haven't even heard of we're gonna try
them we're going to tell you our honest
opinions what we think of them and we're
gonna have a lot of ice cream to get
through in these next two weeks are we
gonna I'll probably end up eating at all
because we got some healthy options and
some unhealthy options yeah yeah so I
feel like we should start with the
healthy options so that we don't feel
like they taste really bad after we've
had like the unhealthy the healthiest
one in this one I think really you're
gonna think this one assuming things all
right what do we got here refreshing
refreshing green thrill so I've heard of
the brand frill but I've never tried
anything from them and I looked at the
ingredients on this one and the second
ingredient is green vegetables spinach
celery avocado and basil and then dates
apple juice pineapple mango smells like
heck yes Karthus they had a berry one
but we're like we gotta get a healthy
one
[Applause]
oh it looks really healthy that we are
doing smoothie bowls all right you take
the first spoonful I'm like scared oh it
smells good
my scream cannot be bad like let's go in
I just don't know about it's actually
not that bad
it's the basil that I think is like
starring me off it tastes it tastes like
green tea yeah it's just like green tea
like why why that is my question why why
is it tastes like green tea
no I why are you putting spinach in ice
cream oh yeah that's good thank you
found this too it kid mom what is this
get Tate in here I think you got taper
like it well it really helps you like
clean ingredients so I mean the texture
is very good as well so yeah it's not
bad it's not super sweet at all
Thank You sugar this one only has 12
percent sugar and 2% fat and 10% fiber
and then they compared to a regular ice
cream and a regular ice cream is 24%
added sugar
13% fat and 0% fiber so I mean you want
a healthy treat go for this one
I'm sure the very ones taste better so
maybe try first the next healthy one
okay next healthy one I've actually been
wanting to try this brand for a really
long time it's the snow monkey brand and
we decided to get the goji berry flavor
because I mean the only flavor they had
was the chocolate flavor
and you know I had to try something how
do you try something a little bit
different it's a little bit freezer
berry flare I'm never going to be very
flavor to anything but goji berries
themselves oh my god
oh my god
wow that's intense
bananas water mixed berry juice
concentrate so that's why it's like
super apple puree have a protein powder
I was gonna say well that's a walnut
like protein powder
it tastes like yeah it tastes just like
protein better just tastes like a few up
names like a vivo smoothie with the acai
protein powder and frozen that's what it
tastes like it's really yeah it's like
they put a lot of hemp protein in that I
like it it's actually really good I just
wasn't expecting it to be so like
revolting but super clean ingredients
like time protein powder some flour
butter goji juice it's good carob bean
gum and that's about it it's a nice
healthy treat that like you don't have
to like nothing you don't have to feel
bad for eating it because I don't feel
bad for eating any of these but I feel
bad for eating Ben and Jerry's how can
you eat Ben Jerry's not feeling well
physically I would feel bad too
Hakuna Matata nope hakuna banana so this
is made from bananas I'm assuming
bananas coconut milk dates cacao butter
vanilla beans we just got the vanilla
flavor but they had like some berries
and also chocolate chocolate or
something like that it's not super
frozen because they're freezer didn't
freeze them very well but no okay
mmm it tastes like nice cream huh Wow
it's really good mm-hmm but I feel like
I could just make this happen
you know what I mean the vanilla extract
and vanilla beans and it makes it really
good yeah the vanilla
I mean it's much better than what I
could make out on them I think because
when I like freeze nice cream it doesn't
like become this consistency it just
goes really hard it's like you had all
those other naturally sweetened with
whole fruit I'm in beauty whoa what
handcrafted in LA oh wow have it made
here in LA so it's also known GMO
beautiful thing okay thank you
hakuna okay now for the unhealthy ones
what's the next healthy one oh I had a
winged garden that I have no idea I
think it might be wink I've never seen
this one before so I literally like
found this on a whim I was like what is
this it looks kind of like a video game
and I was like oh it's dairy-free and
egg you know what it looks like it looks
like Kirby yeah that's yeah it looks
like curly if you guys think it's
flavored cake batter
sounds like heck yes I'm in anything
cake batter flavors Wow
the ingredients water agave inulin pea
protein vegetable glycerin ground
flaxseed natural flavors organic waivers
with stevia this one actually sounds
healthy oh my gosh it smells like
birthday cake your smile first don't
taste it smells like dunkaroo
ice smells like dumb career icing oh my
gosh this is gonna be dangerous
it looks like cake oh it's a little icy
Wow it smells a lot stronger than it
tastes
it's really light and then it has like a
protein aftertaste I like it it's super
light like not creamy at all well I
guess there's no like creamy stuff in it
to make it creamy that's why because
they advertise it as like low calorie
that's fine darn it
never go for low calorie ice cream I'm
gonna hundred calories on this whole
thing that's what a rip what a rip it's
healthy
it's just water yeah so literally water
with birthday cake flavor Blaine mmm all
right I'm very harsh
I mean it's good I like dairy free soy
free gluten free and pretty enough for
you sugar for you so water so we got the
last two and these are probably my
favorite too so we got finally we're
trying the not amou and we got the
snickerdoodle flavor they had the
cookies and cream but I was like no I
need to do snickerdoodle because I
haven't had a snickerdoodle ice cream
before and then the beloved Ben &
Jerry's the Cherry Garcia flavor this
was my favorite Ben and Jerry's flavor
when I was not a vegan so I'm so stoked
to eat this I love anything dark
chocolate I'm going in on this Wow
doesn't smell like much but you know
it's gonna be sugar
yeah these ones are kind of like not so
frozen but that's alright oh my god it's
a pint of sugar this is a big pint of
sugar it's got like cinnamon doodle in
it the cookie pieces oh my gosh I wish
it was more frozen I know we're gonna
have to put it back in the freezer but
you know this is amazing I love this
scene on it that snickerdoodle dough get
it though haha oh I didn't even notice
that so many of you guys have been
telling us try not a move and I don't
think I've seen it in Canada
maybe our Whole Foods has it now but we
don't really go to Whole Foods that
often at home but I'm really glad that
we tried it because that's like the long
last but not least here we go
it's a little melty a little much it's
really melt very much that sucks
I've never had the non vegan
dude that cherry though that cherry
flavor man that makes you want to get up
and dance this is like all my dreams
have come true
oh my god that big cherry in there I
know it's so good oh ma told me this is
like the best thing ever
this literally like you don't even need
the non vegan version this is like so
good what do you mean you know oh yeah
like just got the almond milk version
because it tastes literally the exact
same like my life is complete that's
about it all right fudge flakes oh my
god let's instead cuz I always do the
end of tastes SOI se which was your
favorite and which was your least
favorite let's rate them like one two
six one being your favorite and then six
being your least favorite so like Ben
and Jerry's is my favorite so this is my
number one that's my hair Ben Jerry's
[Music]
hakuna banana is your second is my
second not a mu is third okay okay this
is number three goji berry number four
frou-frou number five and then wink is
last because it's just so light I would
totally agree with you but I would
switch the
I make not only a second because it's
really good so like I was gonna eat some
okay but yeah that was a very good I'm
super excited all these except for this
except for this actually this would be
my least favorite did you make this your
least favorite yeah okay yeah this is my
least favorite they're kind of like a
rib but I guess I should have looked at
the ingredients I kind of realized that
it said a hundred calorie pine oh I
would just smell this one anyways we
tried it so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this little taste test let me know if
you guys have tried any of these vegan
ice creams in the description down below
and let me know if you haven't tried
these which one you would like to try
because I know a lot of you probably
can't get these in your country so
that's why we try them here in the US
because the US has everything in the
world oh yeah I think that is about it I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
will see you guys in the next video bye
[Music]