hi welcome to crystal for you too today
I'm going to be making goulash that's
the old-school favorite but it's a good
feeling it's a hearty meal let's get
started with the ingredients that you're
going to need to make this you're going
to need wash the Shire sauce minced
garlic elbow macaroni
this is elbow macaroni seasoned all I'm
gonna use preggo sauce it calls for
regular sauce but I'm gonna use prego
sauce cause that's more tastier to me
and I like that diced tomatoes of course
ground beef Italian seasoning bay leaf
cumin tomato paste some sugar onion I
have my peppers back here and it's
assorted peppers so it would be the
green the orange the yellow if you have
it and the red beef broth salt and
pepper to taste
this calls for corn you can use peas and
carrots as well but I'm only using corn
in it and you will need some cheddar
cheese for the topping so I'm gonna go
away get all my vegetables cut up I'm
gonna get my ground beef browned get
ready to saute all of this stuff and put
it together delicious meal be right back
okay now I'm at the stove and my ground
beef has been drained so this is the oil
from the ground beef so you know how you
get a little bit of all drainage that's
exactly what this is and
gonna use this oil locking up a little
bit customized soldiers hot so go ahead
and put my onions in and to saute up my
onions now I'm gonna saute up my onions
along with my green pepper which I will
add in a couple of seconds and then I'm
gonna start to add my seasonings so I'm
gonna if this is gonna take me about a
minute just to get these onions kind of
translucent because I really don't want
to make my my peppers we'll do most of
the cooking when it's in the goulash so
all I want to do is just heat it kind of
stir-fry it up so I'm gonna cook these
for about a minute I bring you right
back okay now my onions have cooked for
a little bit a little bit less than one
minute but that's fine now I'm gonna go
ahead and add my peppers and I'm using
red green and orange bell peppers you
can use tricolor bell peppers if you'd
like and any type that you use would be
fine because you're still gonna collect
a lot of flavor from it now to that I'm
going to go ahead and add my seasonings
I have one and a half tablespoons of
seasoned all now I'm gonna put yours you
know like I always do you know I cook
for a lot so I'm gonna go ahead and list
your the ingredients that you would use
it'll be listed in the description box
okay - then I'm gonna add my teaspoon of
cumin my salt and pepper my Italian
seasoning
[Music]
all of that has been added we did that
just a little lightweight surface okay
now I'm gonna go ahead and add my cooked
ground beef back into this okay now all
of that is back in
[Music]
I'm gonna add this is a half a cup of
tomato paste going in and put that in
yet
[Music]
all of these ingredients they will cook
up when I add the liquid portion of this
I'm going to go ahead and put in my can
of diced tomatoes
and David
this is a great dish in this one of
those meals in one and you have
everything that I'll be in here get you
some crusty bread and you will be fine
I'm gonna add my Mets garlic to that and
this is like a tablespoon of minced
garlic and I'm gonna go ahead and add
the cheese I'm sorry the juice with that
to that I'm gonna add two tablespoons of
Worcestershire sauce now because I'm not
using a regular measuring spoon you saw
me add just a little bit more
now
I'm gonna go ahead and put it in one can
of corn
this is not uncooked macaroni and this
is three cups for now I asked them beef
broth to this and a little bit of water
now with the macaroni that takes about
12 to 15 minutes in order to get done so
that's all you're gonna need for this
we're gonna simmer this and we're gonna
top it off with some cheese now I'm
going to go ahead at this point and I'm
going to put in my sugar now instead of
me using sauce I am using prego sauce so
I'm not using just the regular the
regular tomato sauce that you would use
because I like to taste the coiler but
your conditions to regulate the regular
the regular tomato sauce and the regular
tomato sauce this is like a 12 oz can go
ahead after this my beef broth now in
net I had 1 cup of water 3 cups of beef
broth which tech gave me a total of 4
cups of liquid
I'm knocking until you tried it but if
you haven't had goulash this is the
old-school recipe and a lot of times
people will put carrots and peas in it
but that's not necessary cuz I got a lot
going on in the skillet
and now I'm going to add my prego sauce
to this now for my prego sauce I'm gonna
add about a cup and a half that's a cup
and a half of liquids and I think I'm
gonna add one more cup of water to this
I'm gonna allow this December for about
15 to 20 minutes it only takes like 15
minutes for the noodles to cook and I'm
gonna give this like 15-20 minutes
and you can taste it for seasoning on it
that you probably need is just a little
bit more salt or pepper if you choose I
don't use a lot pepper
okay
everything is in there the only thing
this has to do just to cook up I'm
adding one more cup of the water now I'm
gonna put the top on this and I have
this on low I'm going to allow this to
simmer for 20 minutes at the end of 20
minutes well just before 20 yeah at the
end of 20 minutes
I'm gonna bring you back and show you
what this looks like yeah we're gonna
cover it and I'll be okay now we're back
and it's done you don't cut it off
before okay now this is done see how it
looks and I put the two bay leaves in as
soon as I cut the camera off but I
wasn't gonna bring you back to that just
make certain that when you put
everything together just go ahead and
put your bay leaves in when you're
putting your water in and getting ready
for it to go down to the last stages now
once you cut this off which is what you
just saw me do this looks delicious this
is good meal to old school but a good
meal once you cut it off then you can
put your topping on you don't need to
cook this I'll just kind of melt on its
own now you can do with the cheese over
this looks real good
that's just a 8 ounce package cheese so
you're gonna put the cheese on then
you're gonna cover it back and you're
gonna let that steam cook it so that
should take about 5 minutes and I bring
you right back
dish it up show you what it looks like
be right back now it's only been a
minute but it's ready so I said I'd
bring it on back look at it that is good
this is a Saturday this is a one pan
dish and I think that if you try it this
is old-school your family is truly going
to love it
I mean really and truly love it this is
blush look at that cheese it's so cheesy
okay cheese is trying to steal the
shuffle
okay now guarantee you if you make it
like I showed you your family is truly
gonna enjoy it everything that I did I
did in front of you
I did nothing behind the scenes I never
do because it does me no good if you do
not know how to make a dish that I've
made so I'll try to make certain that
everything that I do I'll do it in front
of you so it'll be easy for you to
follow but that's what I'm having today
have an old-school goulash it didn't
have any French bread to put down with
it but you have some if you have some go
ahead and put it on that clip I think
you're truly going to enjoy that and I
think your family will love it and you
only have one dish to clean up and the
kids are gonna come back for more and as
always thank you for watching Chris cope
for you too goulash bye
[Music]