hey welcome back to soulful tea okay
NFL football season football dishes you
know those entrees and what some things
to orders and stuff like that you get
okay
football season then I did the buffalo
wings
so a sick time this is what my kids want
he's not gonna do actually I pre did
this last week that came out terrific
anybody went to soulful tea soup on my
Facebook page you saw it um this is what
you're gonna need a block of mozzarella
yes sir knock the ball to salt you want
like like this yeah you want a nice
square knock the ball that's a real soft
one and breadcrumbs I'm using Italian
breadcrumbs because they're already
seasoned you don't have to burn by the
season tastes great okay
two eggs you know that's tell me some
messed up footage right there okay stir
the flour in the okay we're back to X
and I'm gonna crack these eggs you know
what
you know this is I know you can record
everything can't be edited but how are
you gonna fall I took a fork let me hold
this we will be all over the place y'all
I am so sorry I'm recording okay so did
we get everything yeah we got the Maz
about the flow we got the flour just
all-purpose flour I started out with two
eggs bread crumbs Italian kind I
personally preferred you can use plain
and a block of mozzarella cheese which
already has some here you know they come
in big blocks and we get a big block I
had two small blocks so I'm gonna cut it
the long way so they're cutting the shut
wait I'm a cutting a long way and you
want about one to two inches don't you
dare excellent
what's one or two inches I'm just
cutting no does any more than that how
many think you will eat five or six you
like em sir you see I know you love it
okay
so I got one two three four five six
seven slices what it's gonna give me 14
to 6 okay
I'm a snack you got that one yes yes I
can you eat mozzarella yes that's cheese
everyone's me so then you guys look at
the game yesterday hope your favorite
team won Green Bay all day you got it
Watson DC Green Bay it's my team so you
see how I'm slicing these I meant if you
want to make bite-size you can just cut
them in half make it back sighs I don't
want bite-size we're not a bite-size
family hey what do you think about that
okay so okay so this is we can you do
this is what you're gonna do he got my
wok so let me beat my eggs
Wow boy okay i'ma tell you right now you
will need more than two eggs because
with this you're gonna double coat now
miss v not with two eggs okay
flowers this is what gonna do this is
gonna be my drying this is gonna be my
wet hand cuz we mix it all up something
go everywhere okay we ready this up you
just gonna stick your mozzarella sticks
I'm gonna do about four you're gonna
stick them in the flour and you're gonna
coat them they are very easy and they're
delicious
you see I make sure they're coated just
my chicken what you want to do if you
want to Pat it all now I'm gonna sit
that one in there I'm a pen this one off
I'm gonna get these two started I
switched to my liquid hanging my hands
so fat that has easy
I wanna stir you might get overview make
sure it's coated back before then I want
to see how you wanna make the egg drip
I want the egg that your ball if I place
it and my breadcrumbs and I'm just gonna
cover it up like a blanket like a baby
I'm freezing outside money in the door
and that's coated and I'm just gonna set
it to the side on my plate but it's easy
it's easy and let me do a few more oh
it's me drip drip drip drip drip net
non-judgmentally land near and you know
what
here we go
I'm coldness and I did it's like what I
said what's gonna do guys don't forget
to use a dry hand and your breadcrumbs
my mind is a terrible thing to waste so
good in here
no I'm good show I want to do double
show I'm not a doubled up okay so
they're supposed to be my egg hang see
hope in with the egg in my arms in the
way I'm sorry I need this fat hey I want
to see how it seemed to me you know that
ya know I know a lot of big people can't
cook honey my sister for one coat this
in here and let me go to my dry hand
that's what I wanted to do you know yes
and I'm stick over here they'll take my
a wet hand and do it again um I like to
thank all my new subscribers you know
I'm up 250 subscribers thank you guys so
much for watching I had a lot of good
compliments and you know thank you so
much I know there's a lot of people out
here who's doing this and I do it
because I love it
I meant I gotta cook it is what it is
and I think I'd like to teach teach
teach some people how to cook some
things you know it isn't something I'm
sorry so show that right there bring it
so you see you guys over here bringing
I'm not gonna show you guys I'm gonna do
all this I'm gonna come back but what
I'm going to do I'm going to show you
the double coating like we already did
this one you want to double coat it
because when they go in the freezer they
have a little bit feed space for two to
three hours depending on what type of
fries that you have and I'm gonna show
you how to double coat cuz you want that
bread stick to really stick so you gonna
take the one you already did this the
first one I did now put it back
and my egg mixture this is gonna be a
fat one like somebody I know every gonna
put it back in the break room and again
I said use my wet hand I want to switch
to my dry hand hey if you have a better
assembly line that I have going on
have your hands coordinated cuz I know
what I'm gonna do
it's a short that the breadcrumbs stick
real well
Oh and then when they freeze up and you
hit the hat or when they freeze up look
I don't get my sweets of two hours I
gotta fall apart to go to the is
playing I'm a double core is burning
money yes so I'm trying to hurry up but
I'm not gonna rush talk about perfect I
don't even eat sing for my kids to eat
actually not taking the with me I
promise these to my children a double
coats it using my dry hand and I'm a
double coat all love them and once I
double coat them they all go
refrigerator for I like I said I'm going
somewhere I'm gonna mine suit two hours
in the frigerator see i'ma go head
single coat the rest of these imma go
ahead single coke the rest of these then
shown to you guys when they finish put
them in the fridge ready for two it's
been about shoot it been about three
hours because I was a grocery store and
I had refrigerated say everybody that my
stuff get hot now you guys when I was
doing my egg mixture I got to tell you
guys at about maybe two teaspoons of
water to the egg mixture and mix it up
really well now this is the outcome
they've been in the freezer they're hard
they have to be really hard
I meant sometimes it's good at doing
mama night and we had like six hours of
salt but they're hard and I'm gonna drop
them in the grease now do not use tonics
on this and you'll be shocked with the
hat my crease is on a medium-high not
million lo not media but a medium high
and because you wanna go in you want to
miss low
so let me go ahead
that's it one in only we know that I
don't like grease girl you don't want to
be the whole lot see you don't want to
sink and I'm in I can't tell you how
many minutes I'm put about pull in here
I can do five in this thing and they're
gonna float oh no like recently and
again this is a medium high you want the
grease to be really really hot when they
turn golden brown they be ready to slip
them they don't have to stay in that
room see how they starting to turn
golden brown that phone yeah because
this piece was hot
I had decreased nice and back I think I
had this free school for these 15 to 20
minutes on a medium high this happening
heat now normally when they come out you
can put them on a rag mountain drag on
the teacher out on the plate but I'm
happy to tell some I'm gonna drain them
it's my football I think I get the
picture on my football plate yeah yeah
okay now let's see what they're doing
you guys
Oh see look don't worry some cheese is
gonna lose out that's to be expected but
they're coming out right see this piece
is really really happy you need you need
to let you guys get out the end even
Mikami
so tech swinging up with his mother look
at that back up yes that's the times of
great crime and these are actually ready
this one said less than three minutes if
everything is wobbling half
oh my god let's get hot I'm in we're
gonna get it hey born in there look at
that some guys and you don't want to
bring this pan is good I could get five
in here please no kind of a fleet I'm
coming out that put it in and like you
got two plates of mice do not take the
second plate out the freezer until you
finish your first plate so basically
what you want to do is rotate like if
you have two or three more don't take
them all out of ones because you want to
steal the thing nice things you know
it's nice and hard and firm you don't
want this going in they do like this
okay so I had got two plates I only took
one plate out
so in this place you did not pull out
that second place but look at that
that's your marshmallows focus on you
know I'm awake and y'all get to test me
no mmm okay says I didn't have a paper
towel and you see I wanted to drain the
grease off I'm a gold hand stack these
ones here we go on my football quake
got some welcome i'm stack them on a
football play and gasps I need you to
pay attention to my mind a sauce any
flavor you want not very expensive I
don't know if I allowed to make any type
of sauce I'm not sure but I'm a stick
minor Maksim don't eat there's warmed up
yeah mines like this right you always
looking down in there Thanks you know
say you gonna lose good three minutes if
that grease is hot
look at him cooking techniques have you
just want that goes around second and
this is a medium high so I have a
hideous okay like it you see I had it in
again you may do some some cheese but
you're not gonna do so much look boom ha
ha
hmm do not use tongs because tongs will
squeeze it out if you got a big spoon
like this it was a big old spoon like
this I'm about to drop some more rain to
pay attention I wanted to be able to
come out drink
I'm only going 3 in here's because those
last three adults plate so that the
restrain off it in and I'm just going to
stack these no the same you want to take
him photos with her house everyone he
had to warn them up against you
no II work some cheese coming out but
that's okay my son it's baby stole
Batista well so my face is wet ma you
don't know show me some more cookin
I'm not go so second please I am talking
okay hey god I had to go like the sweat
off my face so he's like let me get back
in customer you know what the next time
we do a video you'll do not need to be
trying he's not being focused on me
that's he hungry and I'm making my spell
to keep trying to hack pockets okay come
on these are the last three
look at them golden brown again I have
two trays to make but you guys are gonna
see the finish result with these three
trays
this one with this one tray no wait good
football snack let's dump the muscle
belly skip soon you know they're gonna
love it
you gotta take that wrap it on this is
why okay let's go back over here as well
yes yeah why cuz I'm trying to fill them
in yob this guy can wait okay
it's right here
and once the restrain see this space is
still getting hot cuz I've got another
whole boat on the view but you guys are
only gonna see put another you guys if
you don't like this video I wouldn't
blame you cuz I ain't like me too much
myself but the pool of good okay
go tell people come in so don't take
give me another plate out so you guys
this is looking look like I'm bout to
get
I'm about to get my son to come and do
it okay
Oh what time you be my taste tester okay
my brain by the way my face my little
girl
it's out there number the arm no give me
my bigger see that's how they look good
they look really good
so yeah since I'm waiting on my nephew
guys I have another little small plate
full and I'm gonna go ahead and throw
them in for dinner
no I can't go home that was three
my son can't come and taste it cuts the
game is on
so the wrong what's your name boy my
nephew
sorry get onto the camera you're lucky
but then Zulu does doubled even baby oh
you know get my flip the buddy you ain't
dip your buddy yeah yeah yeah oh man his
face brush that's even looking he can't
get the words out so you guys okay cuz
we're two months you're trying to eat
one china cool so you guys hit on my
mozzarella sticks cheese sticks
he's sticking his hand in there oh so
fatty style hope you enjoy it I'm like
share and subscribe and gives a thumbs
up and again if you like to support this
channel go to the soulful seat homepage
to the right hit support this channel
and again mozzarella sticks local tea
style