subscribe to Rajshri food and click on
the bell icon for more updates there are
a lot of recipes that we refrained from
attempting at home just because they
look too intimidating I'm going to
change Saturday today we are going to
make a cheese fondue at home with very
simple ingredients so originally cheese
fondue is made using white wine we are
going to use apple juice instead so even
your kids can have this recipe so I have
1 cup of apple juice here which I'm
going to add to a pan let's switch on
the gas and bring this to a boil so till
the apple juice is boiling let's talk
about the cheese you can use any kind of
cheese that you like chilled or a
menthol Mazzarella anything so today
they are using mild cheddar and dark
shadow our apple juice is boiling so
let's add cheese little by little into
the pan about 2 tablespoons at a time I
start mixing it
[Music]
once the cheese needs add some more our
cheese fondue is now ready I'm turning
off the gas now I'm sure not everybody
has a fondue set at home
I don't either so I'm going to use a
stand that came with a casserole on top
aside I'm going to keep a pan that fits
perfectly in it this is ceramic so it
won't burn if we keep a candle light
under it that's what I'm going to do now
this will keep the cheese nice and
melted let's pour our cheese into the
pot now
[Music]
you can serve it with a lot of different
things I am using some bread today some
sliced apples carrots cherry tomatoes
and steamed broccoli so you saw how easy
it was to make cheese for you at home I
really hope you try this recipe out
liked this video and share it with
everyone you know and I'll see you next
time