hi there my name is on your teeth and if
you're watching you can cook today I'm
going to show you how to make a skeet
this oh they're like corn kernels the
way we eat them in Mexico oh you're
going to love them you'll see if you
want to watch the video in Spanish
please click the eye and you'll find the
link in the information box let me tell
you what we're going to need we need 6
and corn on the cob I'll show you how to
remove the grains from the corn it has a
little bit of technique it's pretty
simple you just need to follow the
procedure then we're going to need some
lime juice to taste salt to taste hot
chili powder to taste also some fresh
cheese mayonnaise and very important to
episode 2 twigs to cook the corn you'll
see how easy first of all we remove the
leaves from the corn cut the tip and
then remove with the knife 2 rows of
corn kernels at a time put the
concurrent rows in a pot with water add
salt and the episode to twist when it
starts to boil cover lower the heat and
simmer until the corn is soft to serve
put a little bit of the corn kernels in
a glass add some mayonnaise lime juice
and powder chilli add more corn kernels
mayonnaise cheese and powder tea
see how easy it is to make these Mexican
eschatos or corn kernels let me try them
this is religious Mexican tradition
you're going to learn if you like it
give us a like make sure you subscribe
to you can cook see you next time