this tech tip is for v-brakes for
mountain bikes that do heavy brakes now
when you run in a V brake and if you
notice your brake lever is too soft as
it's coming up too far this means that
you need to adjust your V brakes or a
quick fix when you're on the trail can
be as simple as adjusting the barrel out
and by doing this this is going to
tighten the brake lever so the further
you adjust it out the tighter the brake
lever will get now you'll come to a
point where you're almost out on the
barrel adjustment and if your brake
lever is too soft still then this means
you need to adjust your V brakes now to
adjust your V brakes is pretty simple
we'll continue to stay here with the
barrel and we'll adjust this almost all
the way out to comes to a point where
you need to stop and we'll come down to
the V brakes Grogan grab your number 5
allen wrench and what you're going to do
is Lutz
loosen the cable here alright or you can
actually slide the cable now when the
cable is nice and loose what you're
going to do is get two of your fingers
pinch your brake levers right here on
your V brakes hold the cable tight here
come back with your number 5 allen
wrench we're going to tighten up that
cable as I tighten up that cable if you
come back to your wheel here you'll
notice how tight the wheel is your right
levers here should be rubbing against
the tire when it's nice and tight like
this we're going to come back to our
barrel adjustment alright and as it's
backed out what we're going to do is
back it all the way in
all right now in my barrel adjustments
all the way in I'm going to spin the
wheel check my brakes and it's going to
be nice and tight so now you're ready to
get on the trail and you'll have tight
brakes I'm Devin Gonzales and that is
your V brake tech tip of the day