como youtube Monique back again same
data or the show Jesus chicken and
now today I'm going to have to do is
tell you get these stepping stones I
would I can put them about that you want
to be able to walk to my cumin back and
forth but sometimes it's raining it's
wet and I want to be able to walk back
through without stepping in month so so
make its episode I put a log in circles
and get this I've started already gonna
take a little while and you just take
the edge off blah blah all the Indians
job
[Music]
take off the air slices with the spatula
or whatever you want to use them for
putty knife get all the stuff off
once you get it all off you have it all
it's still wet so we're going to fill
out the way from this dry that's once
you get that all off you're going to
stick it through the planer look at me
neva k see how that's little and that's
big we want it to be kind of all even
around it's going to be walking I need
you don't be walking off thats that's so
let's take it to the planer
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
Oh
eh
you
you
Oh
Oh
mmm
Oh
[Applause]
okay once you finish cleaning you get it
all playing down and takes a while
anyway comes out like this one all
cleaned up then you're gonna need sandy
mmm
[Music]
mm-hmm
mmm
mmm
you
you
get all nice and turn it all nice and
pretty you um okay you're gonna get
[Music]
lolo
[Music]
once you get all nice and rolling off
and it's even and ready to be going to
finish it with us I would protect her go
outside and sometimes I do you black her
on my wood outside but this is gonna be
on the ground I'm going to use a wood
protector on his redwood so I'm not
really worried about being badly damaged
by the other weather but I'm I couldn't
end up putting them sand under it or
gravel or something like that all right
one thing about this wood detector it
comes is the same and filling in one see
that color yes so it's not going to be
it's not just the wood protector like
Thomas what protector this is just like
oil just have some that around here
anyway this will be a comment will
protector + creaky oh yeah thomason
nothing will I just an comic-con for
like I am sorry just comes out of me
like that's what I've been calling see
eyes about all the wood and the whole
topic and here I do a lot of wood but
anyway you don't want this color you can
get a clear that right here is going to
be up like a what kinda
you'll just do the whole thing like that
no I'll have them
hold on just a minute any second I know
I could have had you pause in the phone
app always come back now you may
and I just my brush in here that helps
play my first Gator okay um the other
one movies like this which I will have
some like this i have some both ways of
course gonna be like a Mitch match and I
know you're going to like this better to
like look like me this is a better cover
but i like both but this is a it brings
the color out the bridge and this will
what protector too and that's what I'm
going to put on each one and i'll do the
sides and i'll do the the bottom i will
not do to touch it up on the bottom
that's what the sides will be filled and
all that that's gonna be done later
because it's still wet I'm just trying
to show you a little something that I do
I'm going to have by this summer
finished it put up in the backyard
that's going to be ordered and another
day I did the lightning projects with
you and I disappear and made them the
design I was going to show you how it
looks with this just the first coat how
you're a bank on here and i'll do
another cold another hold another
coating we just keep going through and
more and more on to it till it's all
nice and shiny and pretty i can show you
some more i'll ask more than a house i
can show you how they're going to look
when it's finished so I'm going to pause
the video and I'll be right back show
you that once I can get it all done
finished would be all nice and shiny
like this one all pretty and ready so
I'm just all right here's another one
with another kind of wood this is mdf
and this is on a plywood this is how
many feet I'll turn off different you
different sister like a French for work
oh yeah that's how it's going to look
anyways not going to Genesis ever thank
you guys for watching and subscribe ask
me any questions to ask me any question
I know I haven't told you guys anything
about me I'll do a video about myself
later on have just been make your videos
because I'll hand them to do and I'll
make a lot of stuff at home and i get
off work and then it started to do some
of my stuff on count thank you guys
subscribe and like