hey guys what's up the Brockman company
here and today I'm going to be teaching
you how to make vanilla coke at home
first of all the coca-cola that should
be obvious a glass my preference is
coca-cola glass I love this class and
finally vanilla extract it's very simple
guys so watching your MOG Rafi you pour
almost full glass
right about there maybe a little more
for preference I prefer for the glass
the coke to be cold
I just put ice on the coke and now all
you have to do open that the vanilla
extract just one cap of it pour it in
there now the only thing that forgot
you'll need a spoon you will need a
spoon and just go ahead and mix it and
there you go vennett homemade vanilla
coke it's pretty good I'll see you guys
later
thanks for watching don't forget to
comment rate and subscribe I'll see you
guys later
thanks for watching