what if you could wash your horse
without scrubbing and get down to the
skin clean you can with Main and tail
spray away it is safe enough to be used
every day the readyto use spray system
handles everyday quick cleaning and
reduces bathing time in half a quick
cleaning gentle body wash has long been
a horse owner's dream the problem with
other formulas have been harsh results
dried out skin and coat as well as mane
and tail left feeling like straw now the
dream has finally come true for the
ready to ous sprayer snap tab connect
the hose and flip the nozzle and you are
ready to go three settings on the
sprayer wash rinse and off you can
always reuse the benefits of spray away
are easy to see and enjoy it offers an
exclusive combination of quick cleaning
natural plant Esters and surfactants
that condition the coat adding body and
shine cleans thoroughly without
scrubbing safe and gentle enough to use
everyday contains essential oils and
proteins that will condition and
replenish enhancing the coat's natural
luster helps to maintain healthier skin
by providing the thorough cleaning
necessary to eliminate fungal and
bacterial food sources ph balanced for
sensitive skin gentle enough that it can
be used over cuts scrapes and minor
abrasions available in a convenient
readyto usee 32 o spray container that
attaches directly to a hose for easy
application available in a 1G ready to
ous formula also available in 16 o
economical concentrate that makes four
quarts of spray away and may be used
with one of our two sprayers the readyto
use sprayer or Deluxe sprayer with
multiple settings both sold separately
the deluxe sprayer has multiple settings
depending on how dirty the horse is
there is a range from heavy to light
cleanings what if you could wash your
horse without scrubbing and get down to
the skin clean
you can with Main and tail spray away it
is safe enough to be used every day hi
I'm Matt Palmer two-time nrha world
champion two-time USCF gold medalist and
this is custom Cash N I wash my horses
with Main and tail Sprayway horse wash
because it cleans quickly and thoroughly
while easily removing deeply embedded
dirt from common Maneuvers in the
raining world this saves me more time to
devote to my riding and training program
I often follow up with Main and tail
protect products to take care of skin
irritations and scratches