hi everyone the Sully here from learn to
grow I hope that guys are having a great
day today I want to share with you guys
well I'll be planting or starting
indoors it is called Romanesco or
Romanesco broccoli which is related to
the cabbage family broccoli cauliflower
and Brussels sprouts so I guess it
tastes more like the cauliflower but a
little bit more nutty and earthy so it's
actually good to eat it raw or in
stir-fries however you like it is a
beautiful plant and I'm very excited to
have in our garden this year I don't
have a picture to show you yet but you
can go ahead and google it and see for
yourself
the florets are pretty interesting and
really neat looking let's head inside
and we'll sow the seeds what I'm
planting today is some Roman broccoli
seeds that I acquired from Casey
heirloom and of organics I'll provide
the link below I want to try something
different I have planted just the
traditional broccoli and these are a
great tool whether crop so you can start
them outside after danger of frost or
you can start them indoors and
Transplant them outside after your heart
and them well and you want to cover them
on 1/8 of an inch of fine soil after we
saw the seeds and when they do get to
about 2 inches tall you can start
thinning them out or you can transplant
them in the bigger container you want
the soil moist which help with dirt
helps with germination and germination
is between 7 to 10 days
broccoli also matures in about 70 to 75
days when the florets are ready to be
harvested and the more you harvest the
florets the more likely you'll stimulate
the growth of more florets that you can
harvest broccoli also makes a great fall
crop so you can start them late in the
summer for your fall harvest when I go
ahead and cover up this dome discussion
is the seed sprout you want to remove
your don't be shy using one that way you
can prevent from any fungus or mold from
growing and don't forget to label thanks
for watching everyone have a wonderful
day and happy gardening
you