hey welcome to haphazard homestead let's
say somebody went out and picked a big
mess of dandelion greens and then cooked
them down what are they supposed to do
with them now me I can eat them plain
they're plenty tasty but like a lot of
greens especially older ones these
dandelions are even better when they're
turned into sweet and sour dandelion
greens first I just fry up some smoked
bacon and onion in a cast-iron skillet I
add the dandelion greens along with the
secret ingredient which is a mix of
apple cider vinegar and brown sugar the
exact ratio is flexible depending on
your own taste but I use a ratio of
about 1/4 cup cider vinegar and 1
tablespoon brown sugar all right here we
go this is the monster dandelion greens
homemade breadstick home can Gravenstein
apples sauce and a survival stuff from
the Hut works
urban brewery because I survived two
weeks of traveling being in meetings and
not being able to eat greetings from the
homestead did I enjoy it huh let's find
out I don't mean to brag but this was
good this was better than anything that
I've eaten in the last two weeks if I
could have got something like that on
the road life would have been good so I
hope you get a chance to try some
dandelion greens yourself they are real
food for regular people
and I hope things are going well at your
place and thanks for watching bye