hey guys welcome back to my channel in
today's video I'm going to be talking
about three different stones that I just
recently got and they are amethyst rose
quartz and citrine first of all I want
to tell you guys where I got my stones
from I know that stones can get really
expensive so I found a store on Etsy and
the seller is super super sweet her name
is Jill and her store is called splendid
stones I will link her store down below
so I'm going to tell you about three
stones that I got from her the first
stone that I'm going to talk about is
citrine and this is what it looks like I
will also have a close-up showing you
right here citrine is really good to
clear out negative vibes and it also
keeps an area really bright and cheerful
it's like a yellow orangish whitish
colored stone it's also really good for
money and success the next one I want to
tell you guys about is called amethyst
now this is so pretty it shines so
beautifully in the light and I'm going
to show you a close-up of this stone
right here the amethyst is the prettiest
stone that I have and this is more for
calming and cooling the mind and it's
also known to bring wealth and luck to
its owner the last stone that I have for
you guys is the rose quartz and this is
one that I have been dying to get for a
while now and I will show you guys a
close-up and a little description right
here rose quartz is a love stone it
promotes self-love and is also great if
you are in a relationship so those are
the stones that I got from Jill I've
splendid stones on Etsy and if you guys
are interested go purchase from her
because she's affordable she ships out
fast you can tell that they're authentic
and really unique pieces and I really
like that about her and she is so easy
to deal with you can message her and you
can talk to her she's super sweet you
have any questions she answers all of
them your order comes in super fast
which I love because I was so excited to
get these stones like I couldn't
to have them and she shipped him out and
had to meet really fast they were they
were packaged so nicely that like you
know that even if somebody threw the box
these stones were not about to break
this is also on her website um if you
click on a stone in like there's a whole
entire um description about what the
stone is what it does what's the
benefits she also gives you printouts of
what stones you bought and what they
mean and that's really handy I think
that was really sweet of her to even
take the time out to do that her stones
are beautiful they really light up the
room and um I I've been getting into
stones and crystals lately a lot because
I just love the colors I love like the
meanings and the symbolism behind each
and every stone it's just really
beautiful it's really interesting and it
makes me feel really good to have these
stones with me or around weeks not only
is it or just as a decoration but
there's also so many benefits behind it
and you don't have to believe in it you
can just use it as decoration or you can
actually believe these benefits will
help you and I really do so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed um subscribe if you haven't
already I do come out with new videos
every single week and I'll talk to you
guys in my next video bye