hey everybody it's a walker so what are
you doing today well today we are in the
woods
I've got short sleeves I got my jogging
shorts and my jogging shoes on
the woods are swarming with mosquitoes
Lyme disease ticks
I know because once contracted Lyme here
and they've gotten a bug spray on
basically a man looking for trouble I'm
gonna find it so I think we'll do is
we'll make some bug spray I have a
couple layers for my bug defense but one
layer I don't really have is if I spray
deep directly on exposed skin I tend to
get I don't know like just it doesn't
react well with me and I get a little
flustered basically feel like all hot
and it's just um doesn't work for me so
I wanted something that I could I could
kind of which may be less reactive to me
so I figured we try essential oils to
make it all-natural bug spray now this
is the first time you know you're you're
learning along with me so let me show
you the essential oils I have the
ingredients I have the instructions we
have and we wanna get going on this soon
because the bugs they're like they're
moving in for the kill here you know
alright let me show you what I got
this agreeance I have this is citronella
oil eucalyptus oil
I've got peppermint geranium this is
amorous or something like that we have
this looks like a lemongrass so I got
all these essential oils I also have
you're gonna need some grain alcohol
you're gonna need bottles we'll put it
in that was an ant
and some distilled water a little funnel
so I think that's about it for the
ingredients now hopefully you follow the
instructions just fine we'll see we'll
see
all right um our options are four tick
spray that's gonna be a very good one
but here's what we're to do let's go
over to a mosquito spray cuz that's a
problem right now okay mosquito free
some process all right so we need 30
drops of citronella 30 drops of geranium
10 drops of peppermint oil five drops of
eucalyptus oil okay and we also need one
ounce of grain alcohol three ounces of
distilled water let's get going with the
grain first move this over here because
this extra is a flat spot one of the
downsides is doing this stuff in the
woods I think we put up with the grain
first and they said one ounce of grain
alcohol obviously did look so the two
outs marker is right here that looks
good
touch more okay there we go what we're
doing is we're going to the oils will
dissolve into the grain into the alcohol
and then we will add the water
hopefully not dumping this over cuz it
kind of wants to dump over so put the
lid on this first is the 30 drops of
citronella however I could use cedar
wood lavender oil lemon oil or lemon
grass oil but we're gonna go with the
citronella partially this one that I
know so it's just 30 drops just little
lid things closed here I don't know
shred it we'll just go for it 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
21 22 don't need 3 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
okay if I'm not doing this right first
time so you know 30 drops of geranium
oil okay
right away
one two three four five six seven eight
nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 15 16 17 18 19 20
21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
ok.well 31 but hey you know okay so we
got these two oils in front next is um
ten drops of peppermint oil me and
childproof containers don't do well
together
with ten ten drops
hmm
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
okay this is not the most scientific
thing I've ever done
okay and five drops of eucalyptus oil
you see here you can lift this oil ah
eucalyptus oil right there five drops
okay
one two three four five
okay there we go you know these should
then dissolve into this so now we need
add we have to add
three ounces of distilled water so we
want to hit I guess about five ounces
total Hey look at that alright awesome
mosquitoes already work at me now we got
to put it in the bottle without of
course I'm spilling everything I think
we will do and now jeans aren't exactly
the best this bottle I don't drink from
usually use it to carry wood pellets and
things like that and I'm using a little
Minsky doesn't work at me right now as
I'm doing this
Oh Oh too much you know will do no point
wasting that within our legs run it back
that's one downside you do filling up a
bottle which isn't clear okay now put
the lid on it there we go
dick colognes it actually smells kind of
nice I don't know um I think the women
gonna love it I don't know about the
mosquitoes I hope that we love it in the
mosquitoes um hate it that's that's a
world before out here all right sorry I
sprayed so on me I stopped up a little
bit that overflowed the container I've
been broken on high as yet or anything
like that
let's make the tick spray very similar
any one ounce of grain looks good I
think the important part is the you
don't exceed five ounces of fluid and
you have the right amount of essential
oils I think if you have like you know
to out like outside a quarter of grain
it's not gonna really matter all right
so for the ticks according to this tick
spray 30 drops of geranium oil
one two three four five six seven eight
nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21
22 334 okay five 26 27 28 29 30
there we go next is 30 drops of I guess
Amherst I'll be putting it off these up
in the instructions anyways
okay so 30 drops hope I'm doing this
right but 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 then one - two -
three - four four five six twenty seven
eight nine thirty I'm probably doing you
know first time but okay now we need ten
drops of citronella well we have plenty
of citronella okay I don't want to use
this bottle or have one ready to go
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
there we go we already have the booze in
there so we need to add three additional
ounces of distilled water I love the way
that turns that color by the way you
know what hasn't bothered me since I put
all that oils on me
I have not been bothered by mosquito
there are wolf of me down now we're
gonna make a couple little bottles out
of this whoops
the downside of doing stuff in the woods
this time these bottles um these are
clear so I'm going to know
I was good there
that's you bad luck away turns that
color
the trimco
can't really see that
tic
we've got two bottles of tick one bigger
bottle of mosquito we're gonna spray the
tick
I don't like soup there we go
and I feel um smells great
hi this is awesome I've had this much
fun in a while you wouldn't think this
to be fun but it actually uh kind of is
also the mosquitos are gone I mean they
were just chowing down I was like a
all-you-can-eat buffet earlier and
they've they've cleared out let's uh you
know I know I have an idea what you're
thinking you're thinking he's got grain
alcohol I could probably use that for
fuel to cook the sake of bacon and it'll
keep us out here a bit longer doing some
activities how long and stuff lasts
let's cook the sake of bacon
[Music]
so during the whole process of cooking
sake our bacon will mosquito came by
check me out
said no I'm not doing it that's pretty
cool
well the Sun is a lot lower in the
horizon and this is about the time where
the mosquitoes would really put in the
hurt and they have it a few rogues tried
try but they just couldn't this couldn't
hang they had to leave so I'm really uh
I have to give the essential oils a big
thumbs up I will put in the comments
where I bought this stuff and
instructions on how to do it yourself if
you like you seen give me a thumbs up
hit the subscribe button and as always
thanks for watching