I'm John Macklemore with master Piell
here with my buddy master chef Tony Sita
with butterball we're gonna show you how
to deep-fry a bone-in turkey breast with
this man's secret injectable marinade
we've done some spicy ones and today
what we're gonna try is one with Skott
butter lemon juice olive oil and garlic
you had me at butter I know it just has
that flavor we're gonna do a lemon
pepper rub on the outside one of the
things I'd like to do is we're going to
blend our ingredients and the reason
wanna blended is just for the garlic
we've got these injectors that we're
using and sometimes the holes are just a
little bit too small so I want to take
it and place it inside the blender to
puree it so it'll go through the
injectors a lot easier so we're gonna go
into mix so that gives us a nice buttery
blended injectable marinade and then
with these the speed of the blender and
what it there - it kind of emulsified
our injection so we're gonna take our
trusty injector here and this is a seven
pound bone-in turkey breast so we're
gonna inject about seven to eight ounces
in both sides of the turkey breast make
sure that you put the needle into a lot
of different areas you don't want to put
in one two or so ounces in one area and
we want to get both sides so you've got
you know three and a half to four pounds
on both sides so you know about eight
ounces in the whole turkey breast so
we've got that and now you're ready for
you this is your you said your lemon
pepper it's a lemon pepper modified a
little bit and our recipes are on
masterbuilt com we can just take it and
lightly coating it over the top of the
breast okay and then also inside because
we want that flavor to go you know to
penetrate the meat awesome I asked you
to do me a favor sprayed the basket the
reason we do that is so that when you
fry this turkey breast or a whole turkey
it doesn't stick to your basket we're
going to place that in our basket and
we're gonna start it out at 375 degrees
and then you're gonna notice I'm going
to drop the temperature too
3:25 taking it up to 375 degrees you're
compensating for any loss because of the
coolness of the turn yes
always remember to lower it in flow
always wear protective gloves and we are
smelling that injectable marinade
the reason this smells so good too is
we're using peanut oil do you recommend
Pinot to what is well I always recommend
it peanut oil because it's number one
it's got a higher smoke point right and
which then helps to maintain the
temperatures a lot better but it imparts
a really neutral flavor and allows the
flavor of the turkey to come through
yeah they pay a little bit more money
for peanut oil upfront but it lasts
longer I'll fry between four to six
turkeys with the same oil depending on
the marinade that we have in there so
Tony our our bone-in turkey breast is in
now and we're gonna fry it for seven
minutes per pound so seven pounds times
seven is a total of 49 minutes I noticed
John that you change the amount of
minutes per pound we get asked that
question a lot a seven pound bone-in
turkey breast is going to yield about
twice the weight for a whole turkey so a
seven pound bone-in would be equivalent
to about a 12 to 14 pound whole turkey
this is one mass of meat so if you took
a 12 to 14 pound turkey and deeb rested
it it would come out to be about the
same size so Tony I'm gonna turn the
fryer down to 325 and we'll be back 49
minutes 49 minutes we had just cooked a
seven pound bone-in Travis absolutely
amazing so here's another great thing
about the butterball fryer these little
clips allowed that turkey breast to rest
and all the oils drain back into the
fryer does that help when I want to
steam that is what allows this to steam
you hook the basket and have the water
level instead of put it in the oil you
put in water and close that lid turns
this fryer into a steamer so we're gonna
let that rest for about 15 to 20 minutes
and come back and let you carve this up
for me so chef Tony I think we've done
another
great recipe deep-fried bone-in turkey
breast and look how crispy it looks in
49 minutes which makes this a great
recipe that you can do year-round any
time of the year enjoy great deep-fried
turkey I think it's wonderful around so
folks if you won't not only this recipe
from the master chef Tony Sita or me
check out this recipe and others at
master Broadcom
[Music]
you