hey guys Aaron here and
I'm four yeses spider trap
all right I'm going to try and lift this
up there we go that is disgusting
so what are these well these are spiders
and earwigs what else is in there this
is a mousetrap okay so a mousetrap and
that sticky paper I don't want to touch
it's kind of gross see that it sticks
really well this is supposed to catch
mice okay but I stuck it in my boot room
here where there was a ton of spiders
and knew there was and put a little
piece of peanut butter in there little
dab peanut butter and it attracted
spiders it attracted a lot of them
actually what ended up happening is you
get one spider and it sticks and then
the other spiders come in to eat it and
they stick and just keep piling up okay
and actually that centipede made it
pretty far anyways um how many is here
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
spiders I'd say somewhere around there
and a bunch of other bugs so catching
the other bugs catches the spiders food
so it all equals the same in the end now
this is one of those still alive mouse
traps so they run in that way and it's
stuck on the paper and you're supposed
to release them and all that humane
stuff like that so no what's that
that is another spider they're
interesting anyway so yeah guys there it
is I think these were like 10 bucks or
something I don't know become a to catch
catch strips each I believe and pretty
effective so there you have it mousetrap
never would have thought with sticky
paper once again and I use peanut butter
as baits thanks for watching guys we'll
see you next time hit the channel for
more vids subscribe like or comment ciao