yo so today's video we're talking about
this gardeners than I made just here so
I'm going to show you how I made it but
first let's just tell the real edgy joke
all right why did the plane crash cause
the pilot was a key combi laughs another
jack ready
why couldn't the man get into his house
something the punch1 because it was full
of mashed potato even think you'd laugh
at it all right let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
yo mate voila welcome to another lawn
tip vid alrighty so today's video isn't
really lawn tip based I'm actually doing
a garden bed at home so I made a start
yesterday afternoon and I used this
little turf-cutter well I'll show you
first for the garden but is so the
garden bed is just gonna be here as you
can see I really made a little bit of a
start so the gun beds gonna go up along
that fence line and then it's gonna go
up along this back fence up to the shed
as well so I'm gonna put some hedges in
and some trees also that's the plan so
I'm just going to show you what edging
I'm using and how I do it and what I
used to get that turf out was actually
this turf kind of just here so I'll
track in a quick snippet of how it
actually works it works just like these
ones at a farm obviously it's a smaller
version so it's good for home use but as
you can see that's how much is taken out
of dirt as well
and this stuff over he's also been done
look at this you can actually pull it up
yeah so the first step is to take away
all that grass and I'm gonna chuck some
of it in the garden bed that I haven't
my started yet a little veggie patch
over then use the dirt and the veggie
patch over there and the rest of it I
might see if I can get rid of it someone
wants it or I'll just take it to the tip
or something take the dirt out next wing
to the edge after that so let's get the
dirty
[Music]
[Music]
all right it's that edges done tidy yeah
it's not what I'd do if you actually do
it with the right tools I mean you have
to make sure with this easy edge stuff
tough heady stuff sorry you got a nice
hard surface underneath so that's why
I've just dug straight down there like
that so the plan is to get this stuff to
the height of my grass level as well so
it sort of just blends in with the lawn
but we'll see how it looks what I'm done
I've never done this before so I'm just
trying to give it a go see what turns
out lock all righty so we're about the
halfway point so I'll just show you
where I'm up to what I'm doing
so I've clean up this side so I'm doing
pretty good now I'm putting in some
actual aluminium edging along the edge
there but you could if you wanted
actually just put straight some dirt in
there and some bar chip or stones
whatever you want to put in there that
edging would actually be all right
unless you got like running grass or
grass to crepes or something but you
could get away with just putting dirt
straight there and some wood chip it's a
pretty nice tidy edge and it's pretty
straight as well you could do that so
that's one thing you do if you're not
really counting on put an actual edge
that you could just do that without done
to start it and that would serve you
pretty well
does it bring us a straight
[Music]
but so now we're gonna do the edges so
I've got this cool cool here's just from
Bunnings
so what you do is just chuck it in the
air today cause you're never gonna get a
perfect with your turf cutter just jump
down and go across your line that you've
marked up and there they get a layup
from there they're still not gonna pull
it up
[Music]
right so we're all done now so just have
a look at the engines so you can see
it's quite a good edge so you could get
away I'm not putting a bit of edge guard
or something there but we'll do it today
anyway just so I don't have to
continuously keep doing it but so we're
at basically the halfway point so next
we put it in the edge and then once the
edges then we'll put in the dirt and
then the chip on top so it's boy guy's a
tough edge I'll tell you what well it
comes in six middle oy2 meters sorry six
times to mid lengths so you get twelve
meters in a packet you can either have
its water down like this is what I went
for
we're gonna have it raised above as well
you choose one class either cuz really
easy to quit together see there's the
pieces there and so those basically join
the bits together in just got them
spikes there put your check in and
therefore you 90 degrees obviously and
these are just to brace it along perhaps
with these little anchor points so you
put them on and then after you've got
them in you hammer them in just a secure
okay that's up Thank You Rainn
[Music]
all righty so we are old cool so now
it's just the dirt and the wood chip and
then we're good to go
[Music]
light up not to breed every time just a
bit finished as you can see and I ran
out of wood you have to go bus more
alrighty so we're all done I'm pretty
happy with the results having actually
put any plants in yet obviously I'm
gonna do that later in the week probably
next week and maybe I just didn't get
time to get it done
Sunday afternoon now but I'm pretty
happy with how it looks see I just
thought I'd show you how I did it and
the way it turns out I'm pretty up with
the results that easy tough stuff easy
tough edge stuff
tough stuff gonna tap up here wait Oh
service called top edge yeah that's what
it's called that stuff's pretty awesome
I really like it um it was really easy
to put that edge in and it looks nice
and tidy as well so I'd recommend it I
got that from Bunnings check it that's
good stuff but yeah makes the backyard
look a bit different so just having
grass and it looks really good a finally
got really doing it so I'll wrap up the
video there but thanks for watching
subscribe if you haven't already check a
lot down there if you enjoy that you
have a good week
Q's much