welcome to the America Test Kitchen we
are using our slow cooker base with our
360 2.3 quart casserole and fondue
attachment to make an easy delicious
chocolate fondue to begin pre-heat your
slow-cooker base at a setting of two and
a half while that is heating up pour
three cups of heavy whipping cream and
1/4 cup of refined white sugar into the
casserole pan stir the ingredients and
turn your burner to a medium heat you
just want to bring this to a boil and
then remove it from the heat
now we will stir in a half a teaspoon of
vanilla in one teaspoon of freshly
grated orange zest I like to make sure
to use high-quality vanilla in this
recipe this orange zest smells great
okay we are ready to add 18 ounces of
semi-sweet chocolate to the pan you can
use chop block chocolate or chocolate
chips stir gently until the chocolate
melts and the sauce has a smooth
consistency it should take about five to
six minutes this looks perfect now we
are ready to put this onto the slow
cooker base allow the sauce to rest on
the heat for about 10 to 15 minutes
stirring frequently this will allow the
sauce to thicken slightly just reduce
the setting to a 2 and now it's ready to
serve
plate an assortment of your favorite
fondue dipping items some of the things
we've used here are strawberries
marshmallows angel food cake bananas and
pretzels you are only limited by your
imagination you have to try this recipe
out and please leave a comment below you
can view this complete recipe and check
out more cooking videos online at 360
cookware calm