so the first and most important thing
when leveling your refrigerator is to
ensure the the back of the unit is
aligned horizontally since there's no
adjustment in the back of the unit if
the floor is uneven you'll need to use a
shim to align to adjust horizontally so
whirlpool sells a shim the part number
is four three eight seven eight to eight
so to install a shim there's a removable
piece of tape on the back pull the cover
off the tape and then you're going to
fix that shim to the floor in this case
the back right of the unit the back
right floor is a little low so we're
going to install the shim behind the
unit fix it to the floor and then we'll
simply push the refrigerator back up
onto the shim so now that we've adjusted
the back of the unit horizontally we
want to adjust the front of the unit
you'll notice the doors are a little
uneven yet one important thing to note
is the doors are designed to be uneven
when the refrigerator is empty that's
that so that when you load the
refrigerator the the doors will
naturally come in to level as you load
the refrigerated compartment if after
loading the doors are still uneven you
want to adjust the leveling legs on the
front to access the leveling legs you're
going to open both doors to ninety
degrees this is important if they're
open something other than ninety we
won't be able to remove the this front
plastic grille at the bottom of the unit
so we'll go ahead and grab a Phillips
head screwdriver and remove this front
toe piece with the two Phillip head
screws remove the plastic kick plate
will simply slide right off so to adjust
the leveling feet you'll need a quarter
inch open end wrench and it's important
after moving the refrigerator to ensure
the leveling feet are lowered
sufficiently to raise the wheel off the
floor if you're moving the unit
important to raise that leveling foot to
allow the wheels to transport the bulk
of the weight of the refrigerator so if
you turn that leveling screw clockwise
or to the right that's going to lower
the leveling foot and raise the unit off
the ground after horizontally adjusting
the rear of the unit using our shim and
lowering the leveling legs on the front
of the refrigerator you'll notice the
alignment between the freezer and
refrigerator door is still off slightly
to adjust for this we can raise or lower
the level of the refrigerator door to
adjust the level of the refrigerator
door we're going to use the 5/16 inch
open end wrench and turn the adjustment
screw on the bottom of the refrigerator
door hinge so you see by focusing on
aligning the rare unit horizontally
first lowering the leveling legs in the
front and then adjusting the doors for
the fine adjust we're able to perfectly
align the freezer and refrigerator door
after linemates complete you'll simply
want to open the refrigerator doors back
to 90 degrees and replace the kick plate
warning electrical shock hazard plug
into a grounded three prong outlet
do not remove ground prong do not use an
adapter do not use an extension cord
failure to follow these instructions can
result in death fire or electrical shock