hi I'm Stephanie Simoni stress reviews
and I'll be reviewing the Bella rotating
waffle maker the waffle maker has a 180
degrees rotate contents or even baking
and brownie the cool touch handle gives
you a safe grip to hold and to rotate
the adjustable temperature control knob
will let you select the desired browning
setting kind of like a toaster so they
can prepare your waffles just how you
like it
there is a power button and - ready
buttons one on each side of the waffle
maker this will show you when the waffle
is ready
the waffle maker has a non-stick coating
on the inside plates so that when your
waffles done it'll come out without
having to scrape off the blades there's
also a drip plate so that it's easy
cleanup for any drippings
okay so I've prepared a very simple
waffle mix recipe then I'm going to try
out with our waffle maker so I have a
power button on and it shows that it's
ready I put it at about a medium setting
just for my own preference
all right I'm going to close the top I'm
going to rotate and I'll wait until the
ready buttons off and then we'll check
out okay so the waffle maker add the red
light on so I know that it's done and
ready to be turned back over so I'm
going to rotate and here we go
so I've been used a little bit more of
the waffle mix to fill a michael waffle
but it worked didn't stick to the plates
and now we're set to see how it tastes
of course can waffle Dalton fruit and my
favorite serie so just common kind of
bearing a waffle
you know big step yeah
now I've got my waffle breakfast the
waffle maker can be used with wheat and
gluten-free batters and it's important
to note that you should spray some of
the nonstick cooking spray so that it
comes out easily from the plate and it
does also come with a 2-year limited
warranty which is always a big plus and
it only took a couple minutes so that
was also a good one so if you're
preparing a couple waffles for the
family it won't take you 30 minutes
but of course I wouldn't touch the
outside surface because it does get
really hot