hello everyone its Lola Harrigan and
today I'm going to be showing you how to
make Shama
I know Shama needs to little to no
introduction because it's quite popular
however today I'm going to be showing
you how I make my own African inspired
Sharma so let's get started here I've
got about 2 pounds of skinless and
boneless chicken thighs and so that I'm
going to be adding some turmeric powder
you can replace that with curry powder
if that is what you have I'm going to be
adding some black pepper paprika not meg
time salts to taste some minced garlic
minced ginger minced habanero pepper
which you can also replace with cayenne
pepper or red chili flakes a little bit
of seasoning powder lemon juice or apple
cider vinegar whichever one you have is
fine and finally I'm going to be adding
some olive oil I will now be mixing this
together until every bits of the chicken
has been covered with the spices
so this is looking good right now I'll
just cover it up at this point and I'll
be taking it to my fridge to marinate
for at least 20 minutes
that's our 20 minutes in the fridge I'm
just going to bring this out and I'm
going to be originates in my baking pan
which I have lined with parchment paper
and this parchment paper is going to
prevent my chicken from sticking
so the pan once it's done I'm going to
be putting this chicken in a 425 degrees
preheated oven and I'm going to be
leaving it to cook for about 25 to 30
minutes so my chicken is now done it's
been cooking for 30 minutes now I will
now be bringing it out the next thing
I'm going to be doing is just to cause
this chicken into bite-size strips just
like this and I'm going to be setting it
aside I'm going to be making my Sharma
sauce at this point I'm going to be
adding and equal amounts of mayonnaise
with ketchup then I'm going to add a
little bit of cayenne pepper which is
optional if you don't want that little
bit of heat you can skip it now mix this
together thoroughly until everything is
well combined and I'll also be setting
it aside so here I've got all my
vegetables prepped I have my khumba
which I've cut into tiny strips I have
my tomatoes onions and also my lettuce
so it's now time to put everything
together so I'm going to start by using
my 2tr wrap I will just spread a thin
layer of the sauce that I made earlier
on this make sure you don't brush this
too heavily you don't want it to tear up
to become soggy once I'm done with that
I'm going to be placing one lets us live
on this followed by my vegetables you
don't have to do this in any particular
order just make sure everything gets in
there
now I'm going to be adding my shower my
chicken sprinkle some parsley over it
then drizzle a little bit of the sauce
we made earlier over it then rule it up
and that is it now some of my family
members also like to have their own
wrapped in pita bread so I also made
some wraps using the pita bread this
chicken shawarma is quite versatile you
can also serve it over a plate of white
rice with some steel and you can also
use it for your chicken salad it's so
good and that's it so let me know in the
comment section down below how you like
to eat your Sharma is it in your wraps
or in your salad or whatever it is I
would gladly like to hear from you until
next time I'll talk to you shortly
enjoy