somebody you guys are gonna think this
is completely Mickey Mouse but I want to
ask you guys
how long do you keep a set of tires
okay once you think about that for a
second set of tires is replaced every
year to three years something like that
right so
really you're trying to clean overspray
off a tire all right and you're gonna
sit there with a rag and you're gonna
sit there and rub on it for hours and
get all the overspray off okay that's
just come on there's a there's a much
faster way and it's called
krylon
okay yeah you know whenever I was when I
was an automotive painter you know one
thing about krylon the reason I used
crayon is it's like a lacquer base so
the overspray tends to dry before it
gets to the paint and dries and sticks
to your right nice new paint so
like I mean if you're if you're in a
body shop some of you guys are masking
off of a complete player this is for you
home guy right you're covering the whole
thing up with plastic you're not getting
overspray underneath because you're in a
smash shop you're doing this stuff all
day long this is somebody who's doing
more of a restore type paint job type of
thing you're gonna get paint on the tire
every once a while
eraser
give a little faint
and you know what when you go to replace
your tires you're not going to care the
other thing I do is I'll do the leaf
springs and you know whatever else got
overspray on it
you know after you're done a
couple things like that that shouldn't
be painted and then you know what I even
like on my
restauration paint jobs on my cars I'll
actually throw it up on a lift or
whatever and then I'll go underneath me
wash everything down and I'll paint
everything black underneath and you
people go what why are you painting all
black underneath because then when you
look back
and you see you don't see all that
ugly crap under there it just kind of
takes your eye away from it and then
makes it look clean and
honestly when you're done with your
tires touching them up after this drive
you will not see it so the flat matte
back black is one of the best matte or
satin
you know one of those not the flat is a
little bit too flat and you can see the
you know that doesn't look like a tire
so that's a little trick talk to you in
the next video some of you guys are
gonna go oh my god never do that I'll
clean my tire results been half a day
cleaning tires and I can already see the
sucking sound going to the comments on
this alright but you guys go ahead you
want to spend all that time I'm talking
the guys who don't want to spend that
time like me I don't want to spend that
time I got a little bit overspray on my
tire
gone goodbye talk to you in the next
video