hi I'm Stan def freus Mr Green Thumb
well there's natural ways to keep the
bugs off your plant one of the things
you can do of course you just take a
hard stream of water and kind of kind of
give your plants a little bath from time
to time that may help also of course
checking them from a on a regular basis
a lot of people like to cut out a strip
of uh cardboard and they'll put some
yellow uh paint on it and then they'll
also put some sticky petroleum oil on it
you know we're talking not of course uh
about the xn vol these we're talking
about capturing those little insects on
the bright little colored cardboard
you'll find some of those strips in some
of your nurseries already prepared but
you can make your own as well also you
may want to get some sprays there are a
lot of organic sprays like this that
have some pyrine or some other fairly
natural ingredients that you can spray
on your plants on a pretty regular basis
if you do that you should be able to
keep the beasties at Bay constantly
watching your plants picking off some of
your plants nothing better than
squeezing some of those caterpillars
that have decided to eat your favorite
tomato to kind of pay Revenge but if you
have to spray do good sanitation and you
should keep them under control for askm
mrgreen thumb.com I'm Stan def frus