hello I'm Michael pH Enza with advantage
pest control in st. Petersburg Florida
I often times get asked how to kill
fleas with soap well it's really quite
simple the way the soap works is that it
washes off the waxy surface on the any
insect almost you know fleas
particularly okay it's gonna wash off
this waxy surface and it leaves them
vulnerable they're either going to be
hydrate or they're going to fall
susceptible to being cut or scratched by
other things in their environment or
they can even be attacked by other
parasites
to them right the other way that the
soap works is that gets on their body
and it plugs up their breathing tubes
and the breathing tubes and they don't
have lungs like we do they have tubes in
their body that go straight into their
blood system right if you plug those up
then they're basically gonna suffocate
all right so when you give your dog a
flea dip you know a lot of the flea dips
will say oh mix with this or mix with
that most of them are just soap to tell
you the truth yeah a really nice way to
handle it is just use something like
Dawn dish soap use a little cap full and
in some water and mix in some of the
botanically based essential oils or
something like that what that's gonna do
is it's not gonna kill the fleas that
much faster but some of those essential
oils act as a repellent so that the
fleas don't get back on all right the
main thing is the soap is doing the work
the soap and the water all right just be
careful you want to use a soap that
isn't gonna bother the dogs or the cat's
eyes maybe baby shampoo works very very
well and it's a lot easier on your pet
okay rinse it very well one of the
things you want to do when you're you're
bathing your pet is you want to get
their head wet first what ends up
happening is people put them in into the
water in the sink and the fleas all
start heading right to their head
alright get their head wet first and it
drives the fleas down onto their body
and then you can attack them a lot
easier so hopefully this is gonna make
your pet washing day a little bit easier
for you
I'm Michael pH Enza with advantage pest
control and sunny st. Petersburg Florida