[Music]
for daily hacks on the human body
subscribe to our YouTube channel
then tap the Bell icon to be notified on
our newest videos what really happens to
your body when you eat an apple a day
when it comes to munching down on fruit
every day many individuals choose items
like bananas plums peaches oranges and
pears which are all great choices except
they don't come with as many benefits as
apples do choosing to eat an apple a day
will help you lower your risk for
conditions like anemia diabetes gall
stones liver disorders heart conditions
and stomach illnesses eating an apple a
day can also reduce body weakness lower
your risk of certain cancers and help
rheumatism symptoms plus there are over
7500 varieties of apples out there
ensuring that there will always be one
that you will have a liking for the
daily health benefits of apples you will
be able to experience the following
health benefits it helps your digestion
due to the amount of fiber in Apple's
your bowel movements become regular
which prevents things like constipation
and stomach conditions increases
nutrient uptake in addition to
stimulating the metabolism Apple's
balance out bacteria in the large
intestine when the large intestine is
properly balanced nutrient uptake is
improved which in turn helps eliminate
toxins as the body can efficiently
perform due to having enough nutrition
reduces cavities and cleanses the mouth
not only does eating apples every day
help clean out your mouth it can reduce
how often you form cavities the reason
for this is when you eat an apple
you produce saliva which kills off
bacteria and the fiber from the flesh of
the apple cleanses between the teeth
prevents heart conditions apples have a
high antioxidant value to them found in
the skin so they actually reduce the
oxidation of fats and reduces
triglycerides that are found in your
blood vessels this in turn reduces how
much inflammation is found in the blood
vessels and thereby reduces how much
inflammation
the cardiovascular system altogether
reduces carbohydrate uptake the
polyphenols and apples have been linked
to reducing how much and how quickly the
human body up takes or absorbs
carbohydrates due to this blood sugar
levels remain stable for longer and the
body is stimulated to release more
insulin Apple's also help speed up the
removal of sugar from our bloodstream
other than the above apples can aid in
weight loss improve vision and lower
cholesterol levels the great thing about
apples is that they can be consumed in a
variety of ways because they can be
frozen
mashed dried baked and minced if you
liked the video give it a thumbs up and
share it with your friends for more
interesting facts on the human body
subscribe to the channel
[Music]