hi everybody its Millie in the morning
because I just woke up okay well today
I'm going to show you how to make
plant-based milk and in particular I'll
be making almond cashew milk
usually make all just almond milk but I
wanted to try something a little
different so there's the first time I'm
actually gonna be doing this exact
combination so let me show you what I
got
so here is about a cup of half almonds
half cashews I put it in the
refrigerator overnight soaked in water
so it should make it soft enough and
I'll show you why I'm going you see this
machine behind me right here and this is
actually the almond cow
maybe this cute little logo huh that's
adorable
and this is what I'm going to use to
make this almond milk now I'm not
sponsored by them but hey what's up
almond cow I just wanted to show you how
I make them you know whatever so this
top comes off right this part is just
empty and you can see in here that there
are some lines or maybe not
says Max and min and you fill up the
water to that line and then here's a top
part you take off the bottom you've got
a blade in there and then this part is
where you're gonna put the nuts of your
choice measured up my online and cashews
and they fit right on that line where
the one is so I'm going to put this on
I gotta kind of move it around order to
fit right okay and then lock it and put
this on there waters in here and it dips
in the water just a little bit okay
now you notice this doesn't have a power
cord so how does it work the power cord
separates attaches I think it's pretty
cool especially when you're cleaning it
because not don't want to worry about
the power cord so it plugs in right here
and the light turns on you're ready I am
so ready I want some cereal I want some
cereal you guys okay it is actually done
it only takes about 30 seconds and you
just have to press that one button very
easy it's hard not to do it right okay
now let's take this out and see what we
get all right I have container on the
side here because this gets messy I'm
gonna go ahead and plug in take this off
by the way this is really soft and it is
just cool to touch and all squared okay
so here is the almond cashew milk at the
moment and they're still draining I
usually put this on the side so it can
drain a little bit more well this is
draining a little bit I just wanted to
say you can make almond milk cashew milk
or whatever kind of milk by yourself in
the blender you don't have to use this
fancy machine
it was actually gift for me one year but
what you do in the regular blender you
still soak let's say the almonds you
know for at least an hour in water and
then you take the almonds you put it in
water in the blender and you blend it
right until you only see little pieces
of almonds so I'm gonna go ahead and
pick this off so you can see what I got
here
it's nice about this is that you don't
have to strain out the solids because it
does it for you man I guess I'll put
this right here okay this is what you
got right this is the leftovers I'm
gonna do them and put it in here I'm
gonna put it in their separate container
and I gotta help it out a little bit
because it's not quite ready so I'm just
gonna press it on the sides to help get
out some of that do that but I think
this is much easier than using the other
method where you have to take out these
these solid yourself but you see how
fine that is it's really fine so I've
heard what you can do this is you could
actually make almond meal out of it
where you can make flour or breads and
all you have to do is of course you know
dry this out and then put it in the oven
and really help help dry it out even
more I haven't done that I usually say
this or a little while in hopes that I'm
gonna do that but then it being lazy and
having a third way cuz
it goes bad I know it's terrible not a
great role model for almond almond and
cashews leftovers so enough tell but
this is getting drier ok so I think this
is pretty good
then a lot of stuff out of it so I'm
just gonna pour in this container for
now which I will leave in the
refrigerator until I do nothing with it
now for the taste test and of course I
added things to it mmm that was really
good
yeah that's one in my cereal today
this will keep about a week so try to
use it by a week and I've noticed you
know I only recently start adding the
vanilla extract and that makes it go bad
faster which I'm saying a week rather
than 10 days so if you want to last even
longer
don't put the vanilla extract in it it
does something to it sours it I don't
know hey just thought I'd add that it's
pretty easy to clean the machine this is
the hardest part because of all the
little holes in here and the rest is
really easy for this they actually
provide you a bamboo toothbrush that you
could use to scrub it but I don't ever
use it and I get everything out just
fine so wanted to show you how that all
McHale works and how I make my own and
that milks usually it's just almonds but
I wanted to try something a little bit
different and I feel like the cashews
come through more in this eye
this is the video that never ends yes it
goes on
my friend just kidding I just wanted to
make me some cereal and not spill it
everywhere you can holler this by