what's up guys of sava from SOS kitchen
and today we're making eschatos eschatos
is basically a lotus or Mexican Street
corn cut off the cob it's equally
delicious and so much easier to shovel
in your mouth which is why I especially
love it as always the recipe will be in
the description box below to start out
we're gonna trim the kernels off a
couple cobs of corn if corn is not in
season or if you want to be a little
lazy today go ahead and use frozen corn
but fresh corn really makes this dish
pop in a large bowl I place a wet paper
towel down on the bottom and a smaller
Bowl on top of that resting your corn
cob on the smaller bowl trim the kernels
off the cob I think that this is the
easiest and least messy way to do it but
as long as you get it done that's all
that matters
once the coin is off the cob melt some
butter in a large skillet extra points
if it's something you can serve the corn
in because that makes us a one-pot dish
add in some minced garlic and saute it
until it's fragrant pour in your corn
along with a little bit of salt and
pepper and cook it stirring until the
corn is nice and bright yellow add in
some sliced scallions and take
everything off the heat to let the
scallion soften up in the residual heat
of the pan let the corn mixture cool for
10 minutes before adding in your mayo
chili powder cilantro and cotija cheese
cotija is a hard Mexican cheese and it's
kind of like Parmesan or feta but not as
briny stir everything together and then
add in some lime and habanero sauce
taste it and if it needs more lime or
salt or heat Pat it in your eating this
not me to garnish I just sprinkled a
little bit more cheese scallions and
cilantro on top and served it right out
of the pan I love this dish because it's
so easy to make and it packs so much
flavor
try it out for your next BBQ and enjoy a
little taste without getting corn stuck
up all on your teeth and cheese all over
your face this recipe can be served hot
cold or room temp and it's equally
delicious please subscribe to sweeter
savory kitchen and
you're cooking with me again bye