okay so I am in my laundry room and I am
having trouble with my washer I'm gonna
turn this around
[Music]
okay so I have a whirlpool washer and
the problem is every time it gets I put
the lid on to wash and it gets to about
this point if I'm using normal if it's
over here it gets to about right there
if it's on delicates it gets to right
there and hand wash bowls it gets to
about right there
so basically ten minutes into ten
minutes after I start my wash it it
looks like this it just completely stops
and it's obviously but um anyway Dan
this is a little safety mechanism for if
you see it goes right here so if I were
to put something down in there far
enough it would start this cycle back
and so there's something wrong with that
mechanism but my quick fix until I can
get it fixed because I've been so busy
with overtime and and work but my quick
fix I've discovered is when the washer
is like that and it's not going and it's
dead I'll just come in here and you see
that so about where that mechanism is
so it's back working again
and it will continue the whole cycle and
finish at this point
this video I just did it really quick so
you could instead of calling the
repairman immediately or thinking you've
got to take all the fluids out
accidentally discovered it because I
raised a leg
lid and I was aggravated and then if you
drop it far enough which I don't like
doing well it didn't work that time
anyway that's kind of get aggravated and
it hit on it a few times that is my
quick fix until you can get your husband
or somebody to fix the switch thanks a
lot see you later