[Music]
good morning this is Caleb with central
Tennessee fence staining we're on site
this morning in November 2016 we're
filming part one of our how-to series on
staining a fence and a so today we're
here gonna clean this fence it's about a
year old it's starting to get some mold
and mildew you're see it's it's turning
it's got some color issues you know it's
starting to fade and so we're gonna
clean it and the first thing that comes
to most people's mind is a pressure
washer but we strongly advise against
that
this wood is a year old so all the pores
are wide open it's really ready to take
the stain when we use high-pressure
water we're gonna close those pores off
it's gonna make it harder for our stain
to penetrate and secondly the mold and
mildew is going to push it into the wood
and we're gonna it's going to come back
as a problem later so what we recommend
and a lot of others across the country
is a bleach solution we use it to clean
our house we use it you know in our
laundry so we know it's safe and we're
gonna take that about a 50/50 solution
and we're gonna spray it on the fence
here and it's gonna kill the mold and
mildew it's gonna brighten the fence and
it's going to remove all the great
oxidation the fence will look almost new
when we're done once we do that take a
few days to dry and it'll come in and
we'll apply our stain and seal you'll
notice I'm wearing a protective suit I
don't really want to bleach my clothes
we've got rubber gloves and I'm gonna
wear a respirator we try to keep as safe
as we can also we're using an electric
sprayer it's kind of a high-tech thing
if you might we do a whole lot of
staining seals so we need this equipment
but you can do this with a you know a
bucket and a brush or you can do it with
just a simple garden pop-up sprayer so
we're gonna put on our PPE here and get
started and we'll let you take a look at
the finished product it's gonna look
like a whole new fence when we get done
okay so our fencing deck is now cleaned
we're gonna let the Sun dry this out for
a few days probably three or four days
since it is November if it were jewel I
we could go ahead and stain the fence
tomorrow but we'll just give it the
weekend it should be safe all the gray
is removed the molds been killed the
mildew has been killed the oxidation
that gray color it's gone
and as the fence dries you'll be able to
tell even more so but it's just really
made a big difference so we're gonna
take you around let you look at the
neighbor's fence you can see the
difference and then we'll let you see
the day and three or four days we'll be
back out here staining and sealing for
part two of our fenced in deck stain
tutorial so stay tuned so you can really
see the difference in color from from
this fence that we've just cleaned over
to the neighbors since these two were
built at the same time and they were the
same color when we started so so a big
difference and it will really take the
stain we're gonna do coffee brown on
this one so it's bright in the wood up
it's really going to make a big
difference when we go to apply our stain
coat and here is the deck now remember
when you're working with a cleaning
product and there's children's toys and
things around it's probably not going to
hurt anybody but it's still a good idea
to clean all that off once you're done
we've sprayed all of that down and
removed any excess material off of it so
the kids are safe and the pets are safe
and our customer will be very happy
about that
[Music]
[Music]
all right part one is finished the
Spence is clean the decks clean we're
moving on trucks loaded up and we're
ready to go to the next job but before
we go we want to thank you for watching
and if you got any questions or comments
no matter where you are in the country
give us a call or look us up online at
Tian sense staining comm if you're in
Tennessee anywhere in Tennessee we'll be
glad to come out and do this for you if
you need stain and sealing in look us up
thanks guys we'll see you at the next
one
[Music]