how to knit the twisted cable rib stitch
the twisted cable rib stitch is a
variation of the traditional cable rib
pattern it is a mock cable pattern
that achieves its look by using the
twisted stitch which simulates the cable
without using a cable needle for this
tutorial you will need a set of knitting
needles and a ball of yarn to do the
stitch you will need to know the
following techniques knit purl knit two
together twisted stitch to begin this
pattern you will need to cast on in
multiples of four plus two Row one
beginning on the right side of your
pattern purl two
then we'll begin our repeat by knitting
two and we'll finish our repeat by
purling two we will repeat the knit two
and the purl two until the end of the
row row to begin by knitting two then
we'll begin our repeat by purling two
and we'll finish our repeat by knitting
two repeat the purl two knit two pattern
until the end of the row row three begin
by purling two
then we'll begin our repeat by doing the
right twist stitch so in order to do
that we're going to begin by knitting
two together
and then you want to pull the yarn out a
little bit so that it's kind of loose
and we're going to insert our needle
into the first stitch and then we're
going to knit that stitch and we'll pull
off both stitches together okay and
we'll finish our repeat by purling two
okay and you'll do the right twist
stitch and purl two until the end of the
road row four repeat Row two repeat rows
1 through 4 until your pattern has
reached the desired length
after a few repeats your pattern should
look like this here's an example of the
twisted rib stitch with the left twist
stitch you can learn how to do the left
twist stitch on our website
did you know in the Harry Potter books
the headmaster of Hogwarts
Dumbledore admits to enjoying chamber
music ten pin bowling and reading
knitting patterns for more videos visit
www.youtube.com