hey how's it going everybody so this is
a video I promised you guys ages ago and
I finally gotten around to it so I'm
going to be showing you how to make it
really whether really
so as I was saying before I was rudely
interrupted by the weather I'm going to
be showing you how to build a dyno pen
it's a video that I promised you guys
ages ago and I finally got around to it
it's a basic one made out of words you
can do out metal or however you want but
we're going to be making this like posh
green area into this it is glorious
so I'm just going to be showing you the
basics so I've seen a couple of videos
online and I yeah I'm gonna show you how
to do it properly and you can get out of
money man you can do it as tall as you
want as big as you want as small as you
want this is like pure basics this will
just get you started so what you need to
do is start with a wooden foundation a
doorway and some walls kind of wish you
could build the way life fall out that's
the way stuff snaps it gets a bit
awkward the way I like to do it though
it's pretty high I think that's high
enough and as a reminder obviously if
you're playing on an official server and
you build this without my base
protection is going to get destroyed I
think you know that like you build a
hatch up there and then get some the
ladders and get up there but I mean what
I like to do is because I built this
I've built a massive one before on my
friend's private server and I built it
because I like to have the animals
wandering around it gives it that kind
of more realism effect I like it I like
I like Dino town but I hate just having
all my dinos congregated in one area
like in the base so as you can see you
can't build any further because there's
no foundation and the key to building a
Dino pen is building from the top down
so you get some ceiling and you get some
wooden pillars and you've got to build
the pillars all the way into the ground
and then that way it acts as a
foundation but like I said the key is
top down always top down and because the
foundation like the way like the
perimeter is for building I like to keep
them spaced to a part that that what one
apart should I say and that allows you
to basically save materials and you know
nice to farm so much etc which is good
so we're speeding up the video here just
because I don't want to cut anything out
in case you missed something they might
be thinking oh I didn't see you do this
bit but you know you're gonna see all
but like I said one did slip and judge
keeps getting away but as I was saying
the one I'm building in this video is is
a tiny pen it's not that big it's going
to hold a couple of trikes and I mean
you can have whatever you want in there
but like I said you can make this out of
whatever materials you want you can have
a metal one you can have a wooden one a
fatch found you know fact pen if you
really want one
is completely completely up to you so
why I like this like I said earlier is
because I think it adds a sort of
realism effect to you to your base
really but like I said as well you need
to protect it if you ain't got good base
protection this thing will get destroyed
and that is the start of it look at it
it does cost quite a lot of materials
though so you better get your farm on
and get a lot of wood and a lot of fat
and now we just got to start walling it
off and you're probably thinking but
look at the gaps cut is this is this is
crap the gaps companies could get in
there and murder all my dinosaurs now
I'd be a very useless building content
creative I'm going to show you how to
help you fix gaps so I am going to show
you how to do now I do it kind of
quickly in this so you're going to have
to you know take your time when you're
doing it but this is what you do okay
you get yourself a wooden fence
foundation get right underneath there
come on
middle couch man oh there we go
yes wooden fence foundation line it up
nicely take your time when you're doing
this if you want it to look slick I'll
show you what it looks like when you
don't take your time
and bam look at that look at that gaps
be gone and you just do that around all
the gaps easy as pie easy as pie
and that is it no more gaps you can't
get any little dinosaurs running in
there and causing a havoc in their pen
because you know the last thing you want
is convey some stuff getting in there or
dillos and killing your donors so here
I'm going to show you and the purposely
showing off well let's start up anyways
I'm going to purposely show you what it
looks like when you don't take your time
now it's not bad but you do really want
to take your time so if we put this down
or mess it up I'll for God's sake
the building is so awkward in this game
sometimes there we go now notice how
it's poking out you see how it's poking
out though it's like a bit
it's like protruding from the wall a
little bit it's not bad you know if you
just want to do a quick job is easy to
do this but if you take your time and
line up right it will snap in perfectly
and it will it will look like it snapped
in perfectly and like I said you just do
this around all the gaps get your
foundations down put the walls in and
then you can delete the foundations is
nice and simple and it's also worth
mentioning as well that you can snap the
Foundation's together defense
foundations I just didn't in this
example but I will show you how to do it
now
so as you see you get right next to it
and it's a bit finicky so there you go
and pay them snap in like a treat now
the next thing is the gate you're going
to have to tear some walls down to this
but you can navigate wherever you want
is completely your choice it's about
yeah about 2 to 2 white wall wise so
just get rid of some walls and then you
can get the fence there and I would
suggest if you do want a pen like this
build it in the centre of your base
somewhere and you can enable your
dinosaurs to wander so looks you know
more realistic laughs but do protect
them but like I said I do like having a
pen like this because it just adds a bit
more depth to the game a bit more
realism and it looks cool you know I
mean who doesn't want a pen to their
dinosaurs and when I was looking on
YouTube when I first got into Arclight I
found I'm not going to name names but I
found a couple of videos that were like
40 40 minutes long half an hour long and
it was like ah how to build Dino pen and
then it was like 25 minutes of said
people walking around looking for
dinosaurs to tame and then it got to the
end of the video no like oh yeah this is
our pen and it was just like literally
the crappiest thing I've ever seen it's
just like
I was like wow you just wasted like half
an out of my life and I kind of felt
like I could do it better so that's what
I'm aiming to do it's a video that just
gets straight to the point and show you
how to build a pen nothing more nothing
less and in the next video I'm going to
show you how to build a sort of bird pen
which is a sort of watchtower looking
thing that is quite high there's quite a
high building and you're flying
dinosaurs and stuff and living there and
it's glorious so now that that's built
as we go to the top you'll see the
pillars will come through the floor now
I like this personally because it looks
nomadic you know like it's all tied
together and it's you know built you
know really built together with words
you know kind of like what you'd see in
real life you know stuff tied together
and going through things but if you
really hate it just do that put wall and
a ceiling down and then get your
railings
wherever my railings are like there we
go put some railings down and bang no
more pillars showing through the floor
so if you don't like it just build an
extra level and then but me I like it
adds character
glorious so again anyway and now we got
to do the rails now you can stack the
rails up I believe like Wow in fact I
haven't even tested how how much they
stack together but you can get up to
four I know that much and you can just
have it how you know how you want you
can have one that level of Grayling's or
two or free and then this is the trial
that we're putting into the pen you're
not going to give them marking system
varies don't want kill them you're on a
diet
so I'm not giving them much now we need
to get some BIOS don't we and of course
it starts raining when I've got some
dinosaurs in there
perfect timing but this is pretty much
the finished product dinosaurs are happy
in their wondering about their just some
basic trikes are found quickly put down
and take the government
and that is pretty much it guys this is
really simple to build it's not hard
doesn't take long the only thing that
does take long about building this is
the materials like you're going to have
to you know really farm because there's
going to cost a lot of wood and thatch
and fiber so what I suggest is wherever
you're building make sure it's safe
have some dinosaurs around you to
protect you while you're farming the
materials and get some storage boxes out
because you're going to need to load
them up and then just craft from there
because you don't walking around crafts
and slows down and weight and all that
kind of stuff but this is what it looks
like in the Sun let's get up with my
tech tier gist and that is pretty much
it guys you know you can have a bigger
or smaller and as you can see as well
that I got rid of all the gaps
lovely jubbly I think there's one
actually that I missed but we won't
mention that and this would look awesome
in a base but if you're going to do it
on an official server you better protect
it because you better believe people
will be coming down and burn in your
dinos or killing them or smashing it and
like I said you can make it out of metal
would match completely up to you I like
the wooden look again I go for realism
and Nomad style and this is my own
private server this is my single-player
thing so it doesn't matter on here if I
was going to build on a real server
though on an official which I don't play
on I probably go metal but that's just
me anyways guys I hope that you enjoyed
this video I hope that it was
informative and I hope you learned
something and in the next video I will
be showing you how to make a bird pen so
see them next time guys thanks for
watching peace
[Music]