welcome back to detail garage
today we're going to show you how to
remove vinyl stickers or decals remember
your windows so we have this 1995 Toyota
Supra in the shop and the new owner of
the car wants to remove three stickers
around the rear end of the car on the
back windows there's one on this side
there's one on the back one on the other
side and then there's a large one on the
rear windshield so removing stickers is
fairly straightforward this is a few
things that you need to consider and a
couple tools you can choose to make the
job go a lot faster so the only tool
that I'm going to use is a stainless
steel razor blade I have my brand new
razor blade it's single edged inside
this little holder now this just helps
me get the job done a lot safer than
holding on to the blade by itself or
using a small little holder I have this
large one with a rubberized grip and a
protective cap and I'm not using it so
whenever you're working with sharps with
razor blades or with knives
be careful safety first so you don't
damage your body or any paintwork when
your ever you're working on the car the
only product that I'm going to use is
Signature Series glass cleaner this is
just going to help me lubricate the
sticker as I scrape against the window
or as I peel up an edge on the sticker
and I have a couple microfiber towels
just some blue workhorse microfiber
towels and if I have any residue left
over I have a clay block this will just
help me remove any contamination from
the glass so this is the first step on
our full detail on this car so we're
just going to get these stickers out of
the way so we can do any detailing work
around the vehicle any decontamination
paint restoration and protection on the
car so to get started I'm going to take
my razor blade take off the cap and I'm
just going to find an edge on the
sticker so no offense to drift motion
you know but the new owner of the car
wants to sticker gone
so nothing personal I'm just going to
take my razor blade and find an edge
gently work underneath the sticker now
depending on how long your sticker has
been on the glass it may come up in one
piece you may just have to find one edge
and then peel the rest off sometimes if
it's a low quality sticker or if it's
been on there for a long time it'll rip
apart and tear and you'll have to peel
it up with your razor blade all the way
across and scrape it off the glass it
looks like we're getting lucky with this
one it's a high quality sticker it's not
just tearing apart so I might be able to
just tear this all off in one go
now as you peel away from the glass work
it off the glass you see how I'm not
just tearing straight up and away from
the car I'm working with the sticker and
removing it gently so this job went very
easy there we go now I have a little bit
of residue over here on this end of the
sticker for the most part we don't have
any adhesive left on the glass so I'll
just take this all that up so I'm just
going to wipe down the glass just to see
what I'm working with I'm going to see I
can take off this residue with the glass
cleaner take my first towel wipe up all
this filth and now I'll take my second
towel to buff off any streaks and see
what we're working with here
yeah so right here we still have some
sticker residue for the most part it's
pretty much gone from the glass I see a
very faint outline because over time
when there's contamination sticking to
the window when you're getting filth and
things that stick on to the adhesive on
the sticker and around it you might get
a faint outline and the glass doesn't
feel smooth all the way down it's it's
an uneven amount of contamination so I'm
just going to even everything out let me
take my clay block and I'm going to use
the glass cleaner as a lubricant so I'll
spray down the block and I'll spray the
glass put my towel underneath it just to
catch any drips I'm going to gently
scrub the window this is pulling off any
contamination much like a clay bar this
is just a synthetic version of a clay
bar it's safe to use on paintwork on
glass clear optical plastics or polished
metals so it's perfect for removing the
sticker residue from this window swipe
any residue off my clay block I'll take
my towel and buff off any streaks on the
glass there we go
no more residue no more streaks on the
sticker no more faint outline this
window is totally clean and totally
smooth so we moved on to the rear end of
this car and you can see we have a
larger decal it's actually in three
different pieces or maybe two different
pieces so it's a larger sticker there's
more going on here more shapes so we're
gonna get started removing this one
before I lean over on the car
maybe cause any swirls or scratches I'm
just going to lift up the rear wiper I'm
going to take a large microfiber towel
this is a miracle dryer I'm just going
to lay it over the rear fender put the
wiper blade back down so as I lean over
I have a lower chance of installing any
swirls or scratches on the paintwork I
don't want to grind any dirt and I don't
want to rub the buttons or anything on
my shirt on the car so we're always
going for proper car care here in the
detail garage so I'm going to take off
this sticker
using the same method I have my razor
blade the cap down and I'm just going to
find an edge I'm actually going to come
in from the top of this part of the
sticker just going to peel this up very
gently okay now I'm going to attempt to
all right good this is getting started
I'm going to fold that over cap my razor
blade put this on a towel alright find
an edge keep peeling a lot more going on
with this sticker a lot of different
shapes but so far we've been pretty
lucky okay
spoke too soon so now we're getting some
breakage here the sticker probably sees
a lot more sunlight it has a lot more
fading and damage from the harsh UV Sun
so this one's given me more problems
because it's worn out but okay and this
actually is coming up and one very large
piece we still have a few pieces left
I'll throw that away
later on come in with my razor blade
again very gently so the less I can
scrape on the glass with a razor blade
the better glass is very hard and it's
very resilient to scratches but even
still it is possible to install
scratches with a razor blade or with
steel wool
sometimes Detailers will use very fine
for ott or for zero steel wool to remove
water spots or stains from glass and
that's a good method to use but if
you're not careful if there's any
intense dirt on the glass or glass of
some kind of coating on the outside it
is possible to scratch it and mess it up
so the less I can scrape on this glass
the better
let's find an edge gently build up this
is good all right last piece of the
puzzle
takes a steady hand
perfect for anything else capless
razorblade remember safety first you
don't want to have to go to the ER after
working on your car alright so now we
have this big outline again some more
residue some uneven amounts of
contamination from having the sticker
over the glass and lay out my tools
again I'm just going to use some
Signature Series glass cleaner that a
couple quick sprays and I'm going to
clean the area to see when I'm working
with you can see we have some filth on
this glass take all this off I'll just
go to the dry side of the towel so
it's not too bad we still have some
sticker residue all over the rear of the
glass as well some like fallout
contamination or something that landed
on the glass so to take this off I'm
going to show you another Detailers
trick when you're removing stickers or
sticker residue some types of tree sap
or some things on my stick on the car
a lot of professional Detailers actually
use butter wet wax from Chemical Guys
so because it's based with natural
carnauba which has a lot of cleaning
properties it helps to break down some
residues like sticker and decal residue
I'm going to take a little bit on my
towel and I'll take the butter wet wax
and spread it out where the sticker was
and I'm just going to work it over the
glass so this is going to help me remove
the light outline from the sticker this
is going to help me remove all that
residue from the sticker I don't have to
scrape the glass I don't have to go with
a razor blade I don't need to even use a
clay bar in this instance so there we go
I've worked the wax over the area I'll
just take one more spritz of glass
cleaner and my second towel and I'm just
going to buff this area dry
all right that came out just about
perfect you see there's no residue left
there's no outline and we took off the
sticker with no ill effects this glass
is totally clean so we have one more
decal to take care of we're just going
to knock that out real quick and if
anything comes up we'll let you know
about any little mishaps along the way
so this job was fairly easy on the car
removing the stickers we didn't have any
problems with the with the decals
falling apart or leaving a lot of
staining or anything around the glass
but if you ever have those issues just
remember the simple tricks you can use
your glass cleaner as a lubricant when
you use a razor blade you can use a clay
bar or clay block to help remove any
contamination from the glass any of that
leftover residue and if you want to be
even more gentle removing the residue
you can use butter wet wax to help
dissolve any of that adhesive and take
care of any streaks or any problems left
on the surface of the glass so if you
have any more questions about removing
stickers or decals from your car or if
you want to remove badges like on the
rear end of the car if you want to take
off the nameplate check out our youtube
channel subscribe today for more top
detailing tips and tricks from the
professionals if you want to learn more
about the products that we used in the
video check them out on our website the
links are right below in the description
you got a nice car let's keep it clean
with Chemical Guys