well what's on my pieces in part stable
you're working with this guy next gotta
finish polishing him up and I'm going to
probably finish up this fire I get here
this one is definitely on the high end
we've got to get it finished pieces I'm
going to put that in something it's a
nice bluish color like this one - that
one still needs a lot of polish work
this is a really nice piece of
labradorite I've nearly got finished
that one mostly finished and we get some
variscite and some cava light another
labradorite with kind of crap color this
is just a huge monster star ruby about
maybe two two and a half inches by one
and a half maybe two inches oh yeah this
is a nice labra this is a nice little
fire I get here I'm going to put that
out and it just gives some really good
color got this out of Camden tennis that
you just off the riverbank I've been
laying out the yard for the last year
and I finally cut a piece of it I love
the color scheme it really nice Jasper
another piece of the malachite
this is some green Goldstone I'm working
with I've never had this stuff before
this is the large flake stuff it's
really neat it's almost some black
looking with a these green looking
flakes some ugly agate didn't work out I
love these guys I could cut this all day
long I love the carnelian this is
another piece of the boulder opal I've
never actually set but one or two pieces
of that I bought a bunch of it thinking
I would like it a bunch of fire I gets
thrown back here that I need to finish
good opals laying around this one's
going to be great it's a nice white a
lot of fire this green one here is
really spectacular
and so as this one which I've got
partially set for a mounting but I've
never quite had an inspiration for the
piece to put it in that's another really
good over and multiples and a few pieces
of onyx and rainbow lots of this
amethyst here which never really worked
out well like this guy he's really nice
lots of good color in him this is made
of labradorite and we got the Chrissa
face
turquoise red Jasper's family to set
this in something this is a piece that
was hidden cut it was tumble polished
off of the carnelian out of Washington
State really good stuff that's a piece
of that
honey opal which I didn't really care
for and I shattered it hammering on it
and playing with it just seeing how
strong it was
well we should no wasted a stone that
big and that's another real pretty piece
of the it's not finished all the ways to
that little ridges in it but that's the
Chrissa face and more the carnelian
turquoise and another big piece of that
crucifix I love that color right there
and I got this after at a yard sale it's
no shell cameo it was stuck on some
little gold locket which was worn out
and Oh Bruno Jasper and I've had a bunch
of this stuff I think it really would
cut up nice get a couple pounds or that
laid back to play with and that's that
carnelian in its rougher State and
that's it really kind of fun stuff to
look at in my table of doom this table
of thoughts and ideas where things come
to get hooked at again later and that
was outside raising hell just for
because she can