hello and welcome back to another video
my name is Anya and today I want to talk
to you but why I don't like clothing
labels and chose to remove every one of
them the first reason why I chose to
remove all the labels of my clothing the
ones that you can find in the back and
on the side of shirts were at the bottom
or in jackets in pants everywhere is a
very practical one because they're itchy
and you can often see them through the
clothes and make their clothes kind of
bulky when they kind of stand up on your
skin or they're itchy in the back and
then you constantly scratch yourself so
reason number one is purely for
practical purposes the second reason why
I chose to remove all the labels of my
clothing is because I do not really care
what brand my clothes are font from only
that they're in good quality and I don't
want to be walking around as a walking
billboard or advertisement for brands
especially over the last couple of
months I got much more conscious where I
get my clothing from I for myself mostly
buy second-hand clothes and shoes and
whatever I can get because I think it is
a lot better on the environment in
general and when it comes to clothing I
really don't care about the brand I care
about the look of the clothes and if
they're good quality or not and I don't
need the name of a particular brand on
it to prove that it is good quality can
you can just feel the fabric and like
stretch it to see how good a piece of
clothing me is additionally I realized
that many of the clothing labels
especially from the pens that I had were
actually made from leather
I am a vegan I'm not only a dietary
vegan but I try to live a vegan as
possible lifestyle meaning I do not
really buy leather shoes or leather bags
or anything leather
I still have pieces left which I'm not
gonna throw away because that would be
in great waste of good pieces of
clothing so I'm still gonna use them up
but I have never realized that the
clothing labels are also made are some
of them also made from leather and that
really surprised me I never really paid
attention to it also some of the labels
are ridiculously big if you look at this
who needs this on that clothes really it
doesn't really add to the clothes
it's just self advertisement for the
brand's which of course they have to do
because they want to sell that product
but at the same time it really is not
necessary ridiculous and then there is
the rest my side reason I'm probably the
one that bothered me the most or at
least used to bother me the most is the
fact of what is all set on the labels
especially the sizes on the labels I
know which size I am apparently but in
my closet I have clothes from an extra
small to an extra-large really depending
on the brand the company that makes the
clothes every brand chooses their sizes
differently um and in earlier times this
really brought me down because I said oh
no I have to be a certain size size a
let's call in size a and then I have to
be a size a and not a size B because
otherwise I am too big or something but
that is just simply not the truth
because for every single brand every
single piece of clothing cut or whatever
the sizes are just different okay that
was just a quick one based on my reasons
for cutting out the labels in my clothes
I have not a single piece of label or
whatever on them anymore and I am
planning on continuing this for future
purchases that I make I hope you enjoyed
this video I'm gonna put some clips of
me removing the tags um in after this
talking part of the video so if you're
interested in watching that please do
where I'll show you how many labels
clothing companies put on their clothes
which is sometimes ridiculous and they
do not stop with like fabric ones but
they also put metal ones on their
clothes which I find is mean funny and
like I'm not sure what I'm gonna do with
these but I just wanted to collect them
so I hope you enjoyed this video you
learned something from it to make you
choose to remove the labels off your
clothes too
you're not walking billboard you're just
wearing nice clothes it doesn't really
matter what brand they're form often
cheap and expensive stuff is made in the
same fab in the same fabric halls in the
same under the same conditions from the
same countries and they just cost some
there's such just such a price
difference in them so think about it
tell me what you think about it in the
comments I'm really curious what your
opinion on this is I'm gonna continue to
remove the labels off my clothing I hope
you have a great day
see you in the next one bye
[Music]
you can still see where they were
attached especially at the Pens
on the genes because the color is so
different and there's also stuff on here
but what I'm doing next is I am going to
wash them and then see if you can still
see those little holes because I think
that over time they're going to close up
anyway as for the shirts with most of
them you don't even see that there was a
label I think this even looks quite cute
with the pattern on here for some of the
clothes there is the brand name stitched
on it of course I didn't get rid of it
[Music]
[Music]
but I'm going to do the rest now and and
I am going to show you how much labor
actually took off and yeah
so I just wanted to show you this
quickly I love this pants but how many
labels on there is it has on that art is
just ridiculous
there is one and I've got two three four
five six seven you just turned around
like eight nine ten ten labels on one
pair of shorts how many more can you get
on there honestly since I'm just
removing this which is pretty easy and
like a beautiful the pants look I
removed this and so that there was like
a cotton underneath it to even make the
label up here appear puffy and bigger
how through Matt's for how much effort
can you go into making a label look a
certain way and I haven't I mean with
this these pants I haven't even counted
they're like kind of labels or the name
of the brand on the buttons which I'm of
course not going to remove because
that's just too much work for me
but I mean who puts cotton wool to push
it up the labels I don't know what it is
but this brand Cuyo has the weirdest
obsession with their labels one two
three and then what is this four or five
six seven whatever I don't even know how
to count them
I don't know there might be even more
but why do you need so many labels and
there is a name on each and every single
button on this jacket and I won't focus
but it is kind of ridiculous I love this
jacket to bits but why why also from
this Checker's that won't be cutting off
all the labels just because the tech the
material of the jacket doesn't allow for
the holes to close as with like regular
cotton and t-shirts and stuff so you
will always see these like marks this
one was coming off by itself anyway so I
just decide to remove it completely but
these ones there would be very very
obvious if I removed them so
unfortunately I have to leave them in
there as for these ones no one's gonna
see them anyway because they're like
next to my body on the back of my body
so I just removed themselves I don't
think it doesn't look better or worse it
just looks like a normal jacket neither
I'll still wear it the same I just
discovered this one I'm also gonna
remove this one although this one is
really cute and just soon was love I
keep this
yes this is cute this is actually really
cute because it is not a brand but it's
just a message so I think I'm gonna
leave it in there hmm
love it
[Music]
[Music]