[Music]
[Applause]
I'm Lisa burbach for how.com and this is
Lauren Chapman for Pillsbury and these
my friends are snicker doodles now I
have just been informed there is neither
Snicker nor doodle in these delicious
Confections and that they're easy to
make right Lauren very very easy Lisa
especially when you start with
refrigerated cookie dough and that's
what we're going to do today okay so
here we've got our cookie dough all
crumbled up into little pieces and we're
going to add 1/4 cup cup of flour and
why are we doing that this is to
customize that cookie dough so it'll
bake up a little bit puffier and a
little bit softer in the oven and then
we can also say we made these cookies
more or less from SC they're homemade
exactly exactly so you're going to knad
all of that flour and this is a super
fun thing to do especially if your kids
like to get messy and then once the flow
is all kneaded in you're going to roll
it back into that same cylinder shape
that you started out with and this is
just so you can cut a uniform round
cookie that's right and we're going to
cut this log into quinch thick
pieces Lauren how many cookies are we
making out of this log you should get
about 32 cookies okay now we're going to
roll each of these slices into a ball
okay right between the palms of your
hands once you've got all of the balls
rolled out yeah you're going to put
together your balls look than my balls
oh thank you um secret Snicker doodle
ingredient this this is 3 tablespoons of
sugar mixed with a half a teaspoon of
cinnamon is that what makes it a Snicker
doodle exactly that what's that's what
distinguishes these cookies from plain
old regular sugar cookies all right so
that's mixed up and then you simply take
the balls roll them in the cinnamon
sugar
oh so they have a kind of crunchy
outside that's right it gets crunchy and
caramelized and it's got that wonderful
cinnamon Aroma okay so Lauren let's put
these in the oven right 350Â° preheated
oven uh they'll take about 10 to 14
minutes okay well here they are they
look great I'm sure they taste great and
they're just beautiful uh added to a
dessert plate like the one that we have
here okay let's see if I can do a good
job right next to the chocolate caramel
cashew bars and the lemon bars also made
with refrigerated cookie dough Lauren
thank you so much that was a lot of fun
it was for how.com I'm Lisa burbach