[Music]
hey folks I'm back to share the most
popular recipe on my blog and that is
hot water cornbread can you believe it
this is one of hubby's favorites and
obviously yours too hot water cornbread
is a quick and easy Southern staple
that's best enjoy with turnup and
mustard greens pinto beans beef
neckbones and so much more let's Jump
Right In
[Music]
all right guys there you have it the
number one recipe on the blog for hot
water cornbread but first I gotta say
grace right father I receive this food
with Thanksgiving and gladness I pray
that it's cleansed by Your Word in the
name of Jesus I pray
amen you hear that Crunch and it's
tender on the inside
too all right guys I'm off to make some
greens and Pino beans for this and other
yummy recipes be sure to check out srace
blog.com if you enjoyed this video make
sure you give it a thumbs up also be
sure to subscribe for more videos to
come thanks for watching say grace and
enjoy
[Music]