the drink that I'd like to show you how
to make now is called an amoretto sour
so it's got a great almond flavor a
little bit sweet and sour very
refreshing cocktail so what we're going
to do is we're going to take our uh
Boston Shaker which consists of two
parts Tin Cup and a glass cup I'm going
to put ice in here because I'm going to
pre-chill the drink and then our recipe
calls for 1 oz of our Amaretto this is
amaretto D Serrano it comes from Italy
but there's a variety of amoretto
flavored uh Liquors out there which is
basically just an almond flavor we're
going to use 1 oz of our
Amaretto then what we're going to use is
2 oz of our sour mix and what this is is
just this is a pre-made mix that you can
buy at any store that sells any type of
liquor or liquor supplies and it's a
concentrated uh lemon or lime juice
mixed with sugar now occasionally you'll
see a recipe on the Internet or maybe a
bar book that they call for fresh lemon
juice uh commercially almost no bars
will use fresh fruit juice uh it's too
expensive especially if the fruit is out
of season so about 99 and 910 of the uh
drinks that call for either lemon or
lime juice us usually have a premixed
sour mix so there's no alcohol in this
so it's sweetened so we're going to use
2
oz of our sour
mix Shake It Up real
thoroughly now you'll notice that I put
ice in the stem cocktail glass and the
reason why I put ice in the stem
cocktail glass is to make the a glass
nice and cold to chill it down because
once I strain this drink into this glass
it's not going to have any ice in there
and it will only get warmer so we want
to keep the drink as cold as possible
while you're drinking it it's a very
refreshing
drink just strain it right in
here there we go