hey what's up guys so today I'm going to
be doing a little yo-yo tutorial for you
guys I've been having an overwhelming
amount of people suggesting I do
tutorials and I did a couple in the past
and they didn't really get a lot of
views but back then I didn't have a good
camera I didn't have good lighting so
that's why I haven't been doing very
many but I've had a lot of people
suggesting them especially more beginner
basic string tricks so I'm going to
start pumping out a lot of tutorial
videos on more simple basic you know
beginner string tricks today we're going
to do brain twister is a very
fundamental move that uh I think like
everybody should learn how to do it's
just you
know real simple but these are all going
to be tricks to the first couple of ones
I do that you should learn out a
responsive video So today we're going to
do brain twister and let me get the
camera set up and see you in a second
okay for this tutorial I'm going to be
using a magic yyo V3 with a slim bearing
very very responsive yo-yo and uh just
like I said before it's better to learn
this type of stuff on a response it's
going to develop more smoothness your
little style you know it's just going to
make everything look better okay so
first things first you want to be able
to throw a good sleeper if you can't
throw a good sleeper practice that and
then come back this but you need to
throw a good sleeper okay then the trick
is you want to take your non-throw hand
you want to take your index finger now
make sure you don't pinch the string I
see a lot of beginners they always pinch
the string you want to just drape it on
it you see how I got it I just got it
just resting on it you know real simple
okay so your first thing you have to be
comfortable with the string going with
the yo-yo on it like that
okay
so so throw a hard
sleeper you're going to go like this
okay now the trick is take this one and
you want to put it in the middle the
yo-yo and you want to go right to the
middle of this string you see I'm right
in the middle okay another very
important part about this step is you
need to make sure all these strings line
up you see if they're like going
sideways one way or the other way it's
gonna make the yo-yo tilt so you want
all the strings to be lined up you'll
notice this when I do the first person
view you'll notice this
perfectly but okay so back to where we
were you want to take it around put it
in about the middle now all you're going
to do is you're going to push your right
hand around your left
hand okay and then just Dismount like
that and then pull it back up okay a
nice and slow in throw it place it down
put it in the middle don't even move
your left hand for me I'm right handed
so don't even move my left hand only
really move my right hand and just
Dismount by pulling your hands apart
basically all you got to do when you
Dismount you end up here so you can even
just practice this or real beginner way
you can just take your hand like
that okay see and then once you get
better at putting it on doing the whole
trick you can do it more times start off
trying to do like two times around like
so get it down there and try to go like
one two to First learn one is a little
kind of too easy and you don't have to
really get a rhythm try to do at least
two and then that can be like your first
goal is like trying to get more and more
and more and just develop the
control and uh obviously you know
unresponsive yoyo you'd be able to do
this much easier be able to do more of
them but start off just like that and uh
let's get a little side angle do a first
person and we'll see if that helps
you put it on the string halfway in the
middle
around and
Dismount put it on the
string
middle see the
side index finger on the
string
around and okay guys here's the first
person view I feel like this will help
the best but the most important things
are just that you make sure all the
strings are lined up and you're not
pinching anything everything's just
moving freely but it's really just put
it in the middle then throw your throw
hand around your non-throw hand and just
pull your hands apart to Dismount this
is really simple really fundamental
trick I think uh everybody should learn
and I hope it helped let me know what
you guys want to see next in the
comments and I'll do my best to get
around to making it thanks for watching
guys later
[Music]
he
[Music]