hi everyone and welcome to my channel we
all know what time of the year it is
it's summer and no one's trying to spend
any time over a hot stove but we still
would enjoy something delicious and
homemade well I have just a recipe for
you crab salad or crab ceviche it's
delicious and refreshing to start off
we're going to need two and a half
pounds of imitation crab 1/3 to buy
onions five tomatoes two cucumbers
two jalapeno peppers one cilantro punch
ten to twelve lemons and salt and pepper
to taste
the best part of this it feeds a crowd
you can feed up to ten people with the
recipe I'm giving you so first off we
want to start dicing all of our veggies
so the onion the tomato the cilantro the
jalapeno and the cucumber now notice
that for my cucumber I did remove the
seeds that's an option you have for my
crab meat I buy it at my local grocery
store and it comes in a pack just like
this one it's super convenient for me
because on whatever day I go grocery
shopping I just get home stick this in
the freezer and it's there just waiting
for me to use it on the day that I'm
actually going to use it I just pop it
out of the freezer a couple hours in
advance and it's ready so it's so easy
and convenient to just have it you know
Within Reach
what I do is I like to shred the crab
meat with my fingers into thin strips
now this again it's up to you you can
leave it chunky or thin it's two totally
inculcating up to you now I've added the
juice of six lines or six lemons um then
I added another six so I did use a total
of twelve but again you can choose to
use less although I highly recommend
using the twelve so now I've added the
onion to my crab meat it's only three
quarters of whatever I chopped then I
added the
suck them and mix it really well it's
really important that everything gets
well distributed and that way whenever
whatever bite you get you're going to
get a little bit of everything so in
goes our tomato now usually when I make
ceviche I like to remove the seeds from
the tomatoes just because I don't like
them but for crab salad or crab ceviche
it's definitely the exception
I like the juice that is released from
the tomato seeds so I go ahead and leave
them in now we're going to go ahead and
add our jalapenos and the cucumber now
the jalapenos are optional in this
recipe if you have kids if you don't
like heat um just go ahead and leave
them out if you wanted to make this a
little bit more spicy you can add more
jalapenos or even substitute them for
Silvano peppers or a habanero pepper so
let's just give this a really good mix
once everything is nice and incorporated
we're going to go ahead and add in the
cilantro make sure that you guys have a
tub big enough to mix everything really
well now I'm adding salt add about two
to three tablespoons of salt so add one
makes it try it and until you get it to
your perfect seasoning after the salt
we're going to go ahead and add a black
pepper and now our ceviche or crab salad
is ready we just have to chill it for 30
minutes after 30 minutes of it being in
the fridge we're ready to serve over
those thatha's I like to spread my
casteless with a little bit of mayo then
I put the crab meat on there and some
hot sauce on top
they are truly delicious and refreshing
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope that you guys enjoyed the video if
you did don't forget to Like and
of course subscribe thank you and see
you next time bye-bye