okay ladies now I'm gonna show you how
to quote a poem a poem in an MLA style
so here I have just finished a paragraph
where I was quoting a short story you
can see here I had a short quote from a
short story here it is a short quote
meaning it only took up two lines of my
paper if it takes up more than three so
four lines at any four lines even if
it's only part of the fourth line it is
considered a long quote and it needs to
go into blockquote style here is black
quote here is a block quote okay
so now I'm going to show you if you are
quoting a poem okay so here is my
finished paragraph just want to remind
you really quickly in case you didn't
watch my other video remember that your
heading should go like this your name
the teacher's name the title of the
course and then the date written in this
format the number the month the year no
comma also I have a title centered that
is not the title of the book it is a
clever twist on what your topic is also
remember that you want to go down to you
want to go up to spacing options and you
want to make sure you have these two are
both at zero if not you need to click
the decrease the down button until
that's a zero and you want to make the
line spacing here say double okay
so I've finished my first body paragraph
and I'm gonna go to my second body
parent gonna push enter and I'm gonna
push tab so that I can indent now I am
going to I don't want to say now and
what you'd ever write Pat as first word
the next paragraph of my essay is going
to talk about how a poem proves my
thesis I want to start by introducing by
giving the context of the quote
you might want to say who is speaking
what the main point of the poem is what
is happening at the point in the poem
that your quote comes from you might
want to say the Speaker of the poem says
that's one way to do it now I'm gonna do
a short quote from a poem I'm only going
to quote two lines I'm going to be
quoting from a poem called heart to
heart by Rita Dove okay so my my quote
is it's neither read oh wait you know
why did my original poem that's the end
of the first line it's neither read how
do I tell my readers of my essay that
the end of a line in the poem is calm
well I push space / space then I
continue nor sweet that's the end that's
all I want to quote so I'm gonna do my
quotation mark space parenthetical now
what do I put in my parenthetical I'm
going to put the line numbers now my
poem didn't come with line numbers
pre-written so I am going to write them
out it happens to be the first and the
second line so I'm going to put one -
two and prints oops sorry the two didn't
come out
parentheses period okay so here I have
my first quote and it is a short quote
because it's only two lines of my poem
so I use a comma to precede it a
quotation mark here I put space slash
space between the lines this slash marks
the end of the line in the original poem
I end with my quotation marks and in my
parenthetical I put the line numbers I
know that most poems do not come with
line numbers you add them in yourself
and then you write the appropriate line
number okay so now I'm going to say
remember
to summarize the quote in your own words
this helps to clarify for the reader
what is happening in that quote then
trans transition into analysis in the
analysis you will point out which words
phrases or poetic devices in the quote
prove your arguments remember that in a
poem on the poem there are not many
words so you will speak in great detail
about very few words and that is okay I
want to also remind you that your
analysis should be at least two
sentences one sentence isn't okay now
I'm gonna transition to my next quote
later in the poem the speaker changes
her tone when she's her tone she is now
talking about something different
she says comma space now I actually I'm
going to quote four lines I'm gonna
quote four lines of my poem so it can't
be a short quote if you are quoting more
than three lines of the original poem
not three lines your essay it's
different for a poem so I'm gonna quote
one two three four lines of the original
poem I have to do a block quote so I
start by putting a colon colon then I'm
gonna hit enter and I'm gonna start
writing my poem exactly as close as I
can to how it appears in the original
poem so I'm going into the second stanza
now it doesn't half up this is the end
of that line so I'm going to push enter
attempt to spin on comma it is sent
even Shapley okay oops
fortunately it's doing my auto
capitalized but the poet did not auto
capitalized so I have to undo that
because I wanted to look as close to the
original as possible okay
that's all I want to quote so I'm done
now I need to write in parentheses the
line numbers and I've got to figure out
which ones those are one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten I haven't
told you this but you should in general
count a space as a line because it is a
skipped space eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen okay so this is lines eleven to
fourteen and parentheses enter okay I
need to highlight my quote now I'm gonna
press the tab button twice one two I
have now indented it the appropriate
mount now I'm at the end of my quote
here I'm gonna hit enter uh-oh my cursor
is still underneath my block quote I
don't want that I want to come back over
to the left so I push backspace once
ready
backspace there it is now should I hit
tab right now no this is not a new
paragraph this is a continuation of the
purr of the paragraph that I was already
writing remember to summarize your quote
in about a sentence or two it helps the
reader to wrap their head around that
quote since it is in isolation hear it
now analysis is the next component and
is the most important part of the
paragraph
remember to point out how this quote
proves your thesis this means you will
echo repeat or restate a part of your
thesis that is expected and necessary so
you shouldn't worry that you are being
repetitive try to use different language
but echo the same argument okay finally
you want to write a concluding sentence
that wraps up your paragraph and you
have the option to transition to your
next paragraph I'm gonna do it now ready
watch in this I have now shown you how
to write a short and long quote from a
poem and you are now ready to write a
right quotes from a play which I will
demonstrate next you don't want to make
your concluding sentence sound so I have
done this and I will do this it's a
little bit choppy but for the purposes
of this sample I wanted to just kind of
give you a sort of obvious example of
that alright thank you ladies in this
video you have learned how to write
short and long quotes from a poem
so remember short quotes use a comma
quotation marks and space slash slash
space between the lines are followed by
a parenthetical and then a period long
quotes more than four lines more than
three lines of the original poems of
four or more
use a colon
a blockquote with two tab indent you
maintain the spacing the way it appears
on the page you follow with I forgot
that right there you follow with the
parenthetical and then the period goes
on the outside okay excellent the next
video I will show you how to quote from
a play