this video explains how to include
websites in your work cited list
according to the seventh edition of the
MLA
handbook if your instructor has
indicated that you should only use
scholarly or peer-reviewed sources for
your paper this does not include
websites instead visit the mun libraries
homepage to search for books ebooks and
scholarly Journal
articles sometimes depending on the
course or the assignment it may be
appropriate to use a website as a source
but make sure you evaluate it carefully
there are some credible websites out
there that would be good sources of
reliable information like government or
Museum websites for example but
unfortunately there are plenty more that
aren't very credible or well written
give questionable information and should
be avoided as sources for a university
research
paper for more help with evaluating
websites see the M libraryies web page
how to evaluate Internet
Resources let's get started with how to
site an entire
website in this example Punctuation is
in red for emphasis in your actual work
cited list all font would be
black include as much of the following
information as possible start with the
author's last name followed by their
first name then the name of the website
in
italics next is the name of the
institution or organization affiliate
iated with the site if this information
is not available enter n.p do for no
publisher after the comma enter the date
of
publication the format is day
abbreviated month and year see page 235
of the MLA handbook for abbreviations of
all 12
months if there is no date available
enter n period D period for no date then
enter the medium of
publication medium refers to the format
web is how MLA refers to any online
Source or
website finally indicate the date you
accessed it the format is also day
abbreviated month and year the MLA
handbook says to not include a URL or
web address unless your instructor
specifically requests you include them
let's look at a completed
example it's very very common to not
have a specific author for a website in
this case begin with the name of the
site
instead the publisher of the site is the
folkart
society it's often very difficult to
determine a date for a website here
we've used n period D
period finally we'll look at how to site
an individual page or document on a
website you simply enter the title of
the webpage or document in quotation
marks before the name of the
website here's a completed example where
all of the required information was
available on the
website thanks for watching for Intex
citations watch our video citing sources
in MLA style a basic introduction for
more information about MLA style visit
the M libraries web page for our MLA
guide and to chat live with Library
staff