hi thank you for joining us today today
we are going to talk about making our
own mercury glass now I'm sure that all
of you know mercury glass has been on
trend for the past couple of years
everyone has at least one piece of
mercury glass in their house and you can
find it inexpensively you can find it
expensively the money doesn't have
anything to do with this segment that
I'm doing today the reason that I wanted
to do this segment was because so many
times I find myself looking for a piece
an accent piece to put in my home and I
can't find the right size I can't find
the right number so that's the reason
that we're doing this today because
literally you can take any piece of
glass and turn it into a piece of
mercury glass so let's get started I
have done my research and I've also done
my foot work and that's the reason that
I like doing these segments because I
want to save you a number of steps when
I was doing my research it said to use
krylon Looking Glass spray paint I could
not find the Krylon at a number of
different places so I thought you know
what it can't be that special I think
I'm just going to purchase a metallic
spray and then I went on to purchase a
metal spray needless to say it did not
work this is what it turned out out-like
so don't go the short route only
purchase the special kinds called
krylon Looking Glass spray paint and I
did find it at Hobby Lobby in Alexandria
which is the only place to be found
locally this is what my piece started
out like and it's so easy you purchase
your piece of glass and what I would
suggest is go to the dollar store
purchase a few pieces that are
inexpensive that you can try out on a
few things because you're going to need
a few test runs with this in order to
decide how heavy you want the glass to
look how transparent you want it to look
so this is how it started out and
happily I can say this is how it ended
up now this has five coats of the spray
paint on the inside of it it is not
sprayed on the outside
it's only sprayed on the inside of the
piece of glass and I think that it's
just going to depend on how large your
piece is because when you spray it it is
going to start to drop towards the the
bottom of the container don't worry
about that it will dry on the bottom and
it will not it won't make a big deal so
five to six coats then after you put on
your last coat of paint while it is
still wet you take a half-and-half
mixture of water and vinegar and you
spray it on the inside of your piece
once you do that you get this crackled
effect and you let that dry you dry out
the inside and there you go you have
your piece of mercury glass now I've
taken a few ornaments off of my
Christmas tree and side by side there's
not much difference I mean there really
it really does turn out the way that it
says it does so I was very happy with it
there's so many different things that
you can do with mercury glass these are
piece pieces that I actually purchased
that I do have in my home but there's
more of a heavy water vinegar ratio on
the inside of these you can see so this
is part of that playing process you
might want to really determine how you
want this to end up also there are the
solid pieces of mercury glass you don't
have to spray the water vinegar mixture
on the inside you can just have it the
solid piece a great gift idea for kids
right now would be the balls the glass
balls spray that mercury glass on the
inside of that close it up they also
have the metallic pens now let your
children write a little note to the
teachers on the outside and get that as
a teacher gift I would love that
one tip that I will give you you do not
want to get something that has a lot of
twists and turns in it because it is
gonna settle towards the bottom you want
to find a piece that's more flat and can
have a larger opening so that you really
can spray in there and get the full
effect of what you're trying to do so
mercury glass is fun and your kids can
even do this it's it's it's an easy
project a quick project and actually a
very rewarding project thank you for
watching us today
if you'd like to see any of these tips
and more log on to my facebook page at
debbie Aaron's designs or click on Kalb
calm