[Music]
hey guys welcome back to camera Claudia
so I got a request from one of you guys
your name is little little wants me to
make a white chocolate mocha latte I
think it's a great dream for Christmas
and the cold weather it's very cozy and
it's going to keep you on so let's get
started it all starts with a very strong
freshly brewed coffee go ahead and pour
that into a pan over medium heat next
we're going to add some milk give it a
quick mix let the mixture cook and come
to a simmer then you're going to turn
off your heat and add some white
chocolate chips we're going to let the
white chocolate sit in the mixture to
melt completely then grab a whisk and
mix it all in and that's it for this
white chocolate mocha guys it is
seriously so good you're going to fall
in love you can garnish with whipped
cream and it is ready to be enjoyed
[Music]
so I hope you guys enjoy spending time
with me today if you try this recipe
please let me know how it comes out
please subscribe to my channel if you're
not already because I have a lot more
delicious recipes to come I'll see you
soon bye
[Music]