hi everyone doing yourself gourmet here
today with how to butterfly a chicken
breast
now this is a technique that some folks
do have a little bit of trouble with and
the hardest part is making sure that you
have a level hand
that's nice and horizontal when you're
slicing it through the breast
what you're going to do here lay it out
flat it's nice and trimmed and you're
going to take the small side bit and
that's the line you're going to use to
butterfly it because when you open up
its going to have a nice butterfly
presentation
so you're going to find the life of the
knife and the line of the chicken that's
going to sit about right there
I like to grip the knife a little
differently when I'm going through here
place might have flat on it and press
and that's going to protect your hand
one but it's also going to help you keep
the meat straight when you are gliding
through it
so what you do here take it starts
slidin thru and now keep the blade at
the same angle that way it goes through
evenly and smoothly and doesn't end up
changing degrees or getting one side a
lot thicker than the other
then you can open it up and you've got
yourself a nicely butterfly chicken
breast
once again you take the knife flat
through at a steady pace keeping it at
the same angle and you do it right half
way through a little pressure on the top
that's how you get a great butterfly
chicken breast
see you next time on Do-It-Yourself Gourmet