this beautiful plant here is a vanilla
Orchid and I'm just going to show you
how we've got it growing here at DA's
Nursery firstly we've got it planted
into a 35 L Bonsai bag these are
brilliant they've got a handle on either
side so you can actually move these
plants which are quite awkward with two
people making it a very easy task we've
put it into very well- drained mix and
then we've actually put a um it's a
stump of an old tree fern to attach it
to now the vanilla orchid has these
aerial roots and these roots need a
rough um support to grow on so that's
what we've chosen to do you could use
any sort of hesen covered Pole or
something to attach it to if you grow it
up a tree it's going to be very
difficult to hand pollinate the flowers
from the top of the tree they will grow
about 5 or 6 M so we think a system like
that which makes it quite R uh reachable
is a really good way of growing it now
they do grow as far south as coughs
Harbor we don't have the pollinating
insects so you do need to do hand
pollination we're really looking forward
to getting some flowers and trying our
hand at that this is a vanilla orchid