hello and welcome to the culinary
exchange my name is Matthew and in this
video we're learning how to slice
vegetables on a
mandolin this is a mandolin it's a great
tool to have in the kitchen and not just
because it can cut a lot of different
vegetables evenly but also because it
can do a very efficient job of the
cutting the other nice thing about the
mandol is you can do some decorative
cuts on it so what makes up a mandolin
it's essentially three parts on the top
platform there's the cutting blade
there's the waffle cutting blade and
then underneath you can see there are
the Julien blade and the thicker baton
blade also underneath are these little
levers and these levers control the
thickness of the cuts another part of
the mandolin is the safety carriage and
this just holds the vegetables as you
slide it across the blade and it's quite
nice to have because it keeps your
fingers very far away from that very
sharp blade I don't recommend using the
mandolin without it setting up the
mandolin is easy you simply pull the
legs up with a lock on the top and just
simply flip it up and it's ready to use
vegetables are always pushed towards the
blade for slicing this isn't something
that you use side to side the simplest
types of cuts you can make with a
mandolin or slices I have my safety
Carriage on I have a potato you can use
all variety of different vegetables you
simply hold down the potato and run it
across the
blade and it makes even slices every
time and again to adjust the thickness
use the bottom
levers we can make
extremely thin
slices as well the other types of cuts
you can make with the mandolin are
batons and I'm just going to use the
handle to turn up the
baton
blade you get
nice batons now the mandolin also Cuts
Julien and then simply run the
potato and you get nice evenly sliced
Julian pieces of vegetable you can also
make more decorative cuts by using the
wavier Blade with the waver blade you
have to be a bit more careful cuz you
can't use the safety Carriage it's too
far down hold your vegetable up like
this keeping your fingers away from the
blade you can simply Slide the vegetable
through you get a nice crinkle cut the
wavy blade is also the blade you use to
make waffle Cuts you simply take your
potato in this case and run it through
through the secret is to then turn the
vegetable just a little bit and run it
back through and you'll get a nice
waffle
pattern and that's how you use a
mandolin to slice vegetables it's great
for even and efficient cutting if you're
going to use a mandolin make sure you
remember to use that safety carriage for
more great recipes and cooking tips come
visit us at The Culinary exchange.com
I'm
Matthew thanks for watching