today we're going to be making our very
own alfredo sauce from scratch very
similar to like out of garden or any
other restaurant is very simple we're
going to just keep any cream Parmesan
cheese grated a little bit of garlic and
a little bit of butter so let's get
right into it so today I'm going to be
making my homemade alfredo sauce from
scratch I'm gonna be pairing it with a
little bit of broccoli which we have on
the stove already and then a little bit
of shrimp so what you'll need for this
recipe is 2 cups of heavy cream
you'll also need half a cup of butter
I'm gonna use margarine but if you want
to use real butter I do recommend that
you also need 1/2 a cup of grated
Parmesan cheese and 2 cloves of minced
garlic and then also you'll need some
seasoning salt and pepper to taste will
work just great so our noodles are done
I've already took them off the stove is
set them aside to make space for my
large pan I've also got broccoli ready
and then the shrimp are almost done so
for the shrimp i season them with a
little bit of lemon pepper a little bit
of Creole seasoning Tony saturates is my
favorite and just a pinch of garlic salt
now we're going to go ahead and heat up
our pan and add our butter our ourselves
we're gonna take about 1/2 a cup of
butter I highly recommend the cheese
real butter but I'm gonna use margin
we're gonna let that melt
then when you go ahead and cut your
butter we're going to also go ahead and
add and our minced garlic I put in about
four cloves the recommended amount is
about two but I like a little bit extra
so we're gonna start this up and let
this cook a little bit until the butter
is completely melted so now that the
butter is completely melted before it
burns we're going to go ahead and add in
your cream this is two cups of cream
we're gonna give that a nice stir
[Music]
I'll add in half a cup of Parmesan
cheese I like to use Grady because this
is gonna melt really good into yourself
feel free to use shave - Parmesan cheese
I just find that shave does not melt as
well into your sauce you want to mix
this together really good and make sure
all of that cheese has melted and we're
gonna bring this to a simmer I've added
in a little fresh ground black pepper
and I'm gonna add in a little bit of
pink you blame sea salt just a pinch
give it a nice stir I continue to let
the sauce cook up to a nice simmer
[Music]
but everything is done we're gonna just
turn the fire off on the shrimp it looks
really really really good
the broccoli also looks really good not
too hard not too soft the noodles are
done and then the sauce is done so now
that everything is done I'm gonna give
you a quick close-up of how beautiful
the sauce is it's the perfect white
alfredo sauce I've already turned off
the fire by letting it cool a little the
sauce will thicken up on its own but I
do like to go ahead and add in my pasta
directly and this is gonna help it to
thicken up almost immediately so let me
show you how I do that
[Music]
now I do like it when my sauce is super
creamy I don't want it to dry out then
we'll need more sauce so I only use
about half of the news and the plot
feel free to double the recipe if you
want more sauce but this is going to be
enough for my family um most people will
serve it with the noodles and then layer
it on the sauce on top in the later
shrimp I like to go ahead and mix
everything together that way you get
that good flavor in every single bite
we're gonna give that a nice stir if you
want you can add in a little bit of
mushroom this is the pan from the or
shrimp you can go ahead and just add the
mushroom through the into this pan but
those juices are already in there for
flavor and then I'm gonna add that to it
as well you can also add a more broccoli
I like a parama broccoli on the side but
if you want I can go ahead and add the
broccoli into the pasta as well also
parsley makes everything move even
better so I'm going to go ahead and
garnish with a nice comfy
now we do use angel hair because my
husband prefers angel hair but feel free
to use any kind of pasta that you prefer
and we're going to go ahead and plate it
and then we'll be back with a final
tasting now there you have it homemade
pasta thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe the
next video and I'll see you guys even at
the next one
[Music]