all right it's a boy Jack what Griz
today we're gonna take some wax of a
surfboard that's right
yo so I got the privilege today to be
checking on this Robert August 9-foot
sleigh stick yeah so today we're just
going to take off some of this wax from
the board it's get really heavy with too
much on it and before we get onto that
we're going to show you all the tools
we're going to use so what we're going
to do is when you use these heat lamps
to go ahead and warm up this wax okay
and we're going to use our bondo
scraping pads you can use you like a
credit card you can use a picture of
your ex-girlfriend you can use whatever
to go ahead and get in here and start
scraping but normally to the wax is
melted cool so say we don't have the
heat lanser things like that what's the
best way to do want a sunny day mm-hmm
cool nice sunny day leaning up against
the fence but that Sun you can heat up
this wax and melt it and scoop that wax
down and like people play get it all
nice and clean and then you move on to
the next stage which is using the
odorless mineral spirits SEC cool so
yeah it's pretty cloudy here in San
Diego so that's why we're going to use
the lamps and yeah let's get under way
with this man I'm stuffed
all right cool so one thing I wanted to
go over before I even do this is why I'm
taking the wax off in the first place
as you can see here all this wax is
really kind of pancaked out and then
flat so not only is that a bit more
slippery because they're not as textured
but it's a lot more weight of wax that's
on top of the board in the first place
as a post over here I've got a bit more
of kind of like raindrops of wax and
these are a lot better for texture but
I'm just going to take all of it off me
- fresh drum so as you can see here it's
a nighttime jack and I still want to be
able to get this wax off because there's
a big swell that's coming in the waters
tomorrow so we talked to some the guys
in the house DJ Maui and they gave us a
great tip they said that we should use
some steaming
our pipe in hot water and we should pour
it on the wax to melt it then we're
gonna have a lot easier time scraping it
off to capture the wax we're going to
use this shoebox lid you can use
anything that's like this
something with some edges just to
capture the wax when you scrape it off
so we're going to pour this water
when your
so as you can see we got a lot of this
board cleaned off so far we're just
trying to get the big beads off now
we're going to do is we're going to go
ahead and try this a hot towel trick
we're going to be using the steamy hot
water and we're just going to pour it in
this towel here and get it fully
saturated reason we're going to do this
is so that we can selectively put this
on an area of the board at the time and
use that hot water to really steam into
that wax so this has been sitting there
pretty good let's go ahead and take a
look and see if that wax is melted oh
yeah
Hey
febre
whoa
all right cool so we've taken a majority
of the wax off the board right now but
there's still a couple spots that need a
little bit more touching up so we're
going to get all the wax off right now
before we move on to our next step
alright so we just got all the wax off
the board looks pretty freakin awesome
hey what up so now that we got to this
stage in the process we're going to go
ahead and move on to the last and final
step in this step we're going to use our
mineral spirits to coat the top of the
deck it's going to break up any wax that
we have left remaining we're going to go
ahead and just wipe it off with our
towel here so basically I'm just going
to go ahead and wet my towel here with
my mineral spirits making sure to get it
you know decent amount of wetness here
and then I'm just gonna start wiping
this over these this wax okay
and might even as I wipe it over the wax
use my wax comb to just kind of loosen
this stuff up but kind of the way that
this works is it just breaks it down as
you put it on
please
so good practice to have when you're
relaxing your board is to check on the
bottom of your board and make sure you
don't have a little Chinese wax job and
by that I mean wax on the bottom of your
board so Lakshmi I don't have any wax on
the bottom on board right now so we're
just gonna move right on to the next
step so we got the board cleaned off
I've wiped it down with mineral spirits
and now we're just waiting for that to
dry before we apply the new wax all
right so now that we're ready to wax the
board we're going to be working with two
different types of wax the first is the
sticky bumps base coat wax comes in a
package like this this is a harder wax
we'll talk more about it when we apply
it later and the second is the sticky
bumps original surf wax this is a cool
cold water wax that we use in 69 degrees
or 20 Celsius and below so we're going
to apply the base coat first and then
we're going to apply the other cool wax
on top so for a basic long board wax job
with this base coat I'm just going to be
applying it in strips along this way
stripes going up and then I like to do
stripes going also this way kind of
making an arrowhead point so we'll go
ahead and do that
when your
when your
in the serious
your gives day
now that we got the base layer on the
surfboard nice and thorough everything's
covered we're going to go ahead and
apply the cool cold wax on the top coat
this is a little bit softer wax and so
we're going to really start off with
some small circles then go to some
medium sized circles and go some big
circles we're really trying to get the
wax to group up and make a really sticky
firm stir surface
hi everyone thank you so much for
watching our video on how to take off
and reapply waxing or a surfboard major
thanks to Uncle John for this board and
sticky bumps for the awesome wax for it
grades you have anything else for us man
man I just want to say I'm stoked to
have done this with you today
committing to D waxing and waxing a
longboard is big deal and that's
something that you want to put a lot of
time thought into because maybe sure
another cool hell yeah man well of
course if you all have any questions
please comment below and subscribe make
sure you for sure check out the Grizzly
life channel as well I'm sure we'll be
posting this on that too yeah make sure
to check out bushwhack Jack for all your
mountain means awesome well we'll see
you all soon and have a great time later
mate