when I kind of first go into store and
you pour your first espresso shots you
kind of get this big wave of aroma I
reminds me of always going to Italy when
I was younger
we've chosen the clients quality of
rabbika beans then we roast them to a
really dark Starbucks roast which allows
the caramel sweetness to come out of the
coffee is the perfect pairing with milk
and gives you that really lovely
contrast in flavors we've introduced a
new beverage pitcher for steaming milk
milk steaming is a real test of your
ability big bubbles should kind of make
you feel uncomfortable so you really
want that kind of sweet dense microphone
which is what we want in a perfect latte
[Music]
there is a lot more to it
it's not just pushing a button and
knowing that there's your perfect offi
it's not like a production line that
some person pulls the shots and some
person seams of milk then some someone
puts a lid on you want to own that whole
whole experience you know but if I've
made that drink
then I definitely want to be the one to
hand it off
[Music]
it's about looking after the journey
that coffee has been on in Starbucks we
talk about the last 10 feet of the
journey of that of that particular
coffee bean it's about really respect to
the meticulous care that's been taken
through the growing process ship in
roasting packaging so it finally gets
into the store it's about delivering
kind of the best that you possibly have
you can make or break someone's day with
a cup of coffee customers come in and
they want a perfect cup of coffee and if
I make that for them you can really kind
of see it to stop lift and it's it's
their day off on a hot day thank you
you
[Music]