hi I might the gardener and today I'm
going to show you how to put up dahlias
so to put up the dahlias you need a good
sized pot I've got some terracotta ones
here that my neighbor gave me some crocs
in the bottom to a drainage I've got a
mix of multi-purpose compost and
composted manure because Davy is do like
a really good feed and of course a
really nice day Leah okay eyes half
fills the pot with the composted manure
and multi-purpose compost mix and now
I'm gonna take my day Leah tip it
carefully out of the pot and you'll see
it's got a really good roof system on
there and pop that in the top making
sure the level is just below the level
of the rim okay once you've got the
daihlia in the pot just feed some
compost in around the side making sure
you firm it in nicely to there's no air
gaps and then give it a good watering in
you'll see that I've topped dressed the
daily with some horticultural grit that
helps to keep the slugs and snails away
I'll give it a feed with tomato feed on
a fortnightly basis and then keep it
well watered and fed during the season
and that will come up and it will look
lovely