what is in fact the best whiskey to mix
with Coke according to we will find out
whiskey lovers around the world we asked
our tribe of thousands of magnificent
bastards I also have a theory that we're
gonna try out in this tasting okay
Dane Lohan in our group he had this idea
he's like why don't you do a video about
the best whiskeys to mix with Coke yeah
and I'm thinking you son of a I
love it you're throwing us to the Wolves
I love it I love it because in the
whiskey tribe the number one rule is
what the best whiskey is the whiskey you
like and the way you like to drink it
yeah so that means uh you're free to
have a personal preference your own
opinion you just can't on other
people for their own preferences fair
enough Let's do let's do seven the top
seven okay what do you want to start
with the top seven the number seven
number seven do you remember what it was
I gotta bring up the list again I'll
bring it up so we got the number one by
far Rex is doing this whole episode just
to piss off Daniel well that's that's
only 20 of the reason why number seven
number seven wild turkey wild turkey I'm
gonna pour a smaller amount of coke not
too surprised we're not pouring a full
glass because we're not gonna drink all
of this sun is doing weird things I'm
gonna dial that down a little bit so I'm
gonna do about that much coke now you're
already nice already Daniel let me help
you I know you're very inexperienced in
the ways of whiskeys and Coke you put
the Coke in seconds no absolutely not
the Coke in second you do no absolutely
you do you're totally wrong you're
totally wrong absolutely not what they
only do that at a bar but it's the wrong
way to do it a thousand percent wrong
you want you know what you want the
whiskey floating on the top and a real
whisking coke you want the whiskey
floating on the top oh because have you
ever bartended
[Music]
now how much are you putting I'm putting
uh yeah one ounce let's two all right
one ounce to two ounces are you doing
makers yep let's just do them all back
to back Bam Bam Bam so we have wild
turkey and Coke makers and Coke number
five this is where we start to get a
little interesting all right this is a
scotch this is aardvig and Coke all
right it's Jim Beam and then we got oh
another
interesting
this is Laphroaig ah we got two Smoky
whiskeys in the list very peaty very
smoky Crown cut ground okay and the most
popular
hands down hands down by a lot it
actually had actually more than triple
the amount of Crown and Coke Jack and
Coke is just you know it's it's the
classic I mean Jack and cook could
practically be sun on synonymous with
whiskey and Coke in general the reason
why I want to do these all at once is
because
I want to compare and see if maybe Jack
and Coke is the default that's why it's
the most popular maybe there's something
better there is it's called Smoky Coke
so Smokey Coke is Daniel shorthand for
the the Freud 10 yeah and Coke yep okay
okay turkey well turkey
oh yeah it's honeyed yeah followed by
makers no
the reason why I'm okay with whiskey and
coat is because sometimes you actually
just want a Coke it made the coat taste
like Dr Pepper sometimes you just want a
Coke yes sometimes you just want to coat
but y'all but it's summer you're by the
pool but but whiskey makes everything
better yeah so we're gonna improve the
coke it's not no that's hard begging
Coke it's not making whiskey worse it's
making Coke better yeah and you want
something cold and bubbly and oh oh it
tastes like wooded it's Dr Pepper Now
isn't it I would say more Pepsi it
tastes like wooded Coke and this was the
yeah it's like a coke with a chunk of
oak wood this is the art Bank yeah
you're the son of a yeah art bag
is like the slight it which are but no
smoke dominates the coke though yeah it
does it does absolutely moving on to
beam it makes it almost a slight coconut
note in there oh wow that turned out
much different than I was expecting the
Jim Beam
oh what is that one that was after the
gym beam yeah Laphroaig e that's your
Smoky coat yeah I think I'm thinking of
art big did you switch
from the Roy Smokey Coke to ordbeck
Smokey Coke I think I did
dude it's so much richer what happened I
don't know try that but after having art
bag the Laphroaig is just all light and
pretty smoke all right yeah this is a
darker smoke go back to the art bag this
is a light sparkly no I remember the art
bag isn't it it's not fooling around now
here's the thing though the Freud is a
little more refreshing yes it's lighter
and refreshing if you just won whoa some
pdness that that just and that puts us
in the crown and it's not a Savory meaty
pea it's more like the Woody smoked
Pete oh yeah no the crown just makes it
Maple maple syrup Coke this is the crown
mm-hmm
it's coke with a touch of maple syrup
it really is
and finally
the Classic this is the uh the Jack
Daniels in code I do actually appreciate
you still get the essence of those
individual whisk whiskey right through
the coat they do change yeah the coat
doesn't just turn everything into a
generic whiskey flavor it really does
you can pick apart pick out so my
favorite is gonna be art big followed by
Laphroaig and then as far as the
Bourbons go my favorite is gonna be
maker of Mark
makers Martin did a really good job
although I do kind of like the coconut
that Jim Beam brought to the table so
that was surprising yeah I'm gonna go
the Jack and Coke here most invisible
you say invisible I say complimentary I
think there's something about the flavor
profile of Jack Daniels that just works
well they're saying it tastes like
Coca-Cola tastes like a drink instead of
like two things yeah mixed together I
agree with that you're going in parallel
they're pretty cozy it's friendly and
it's nice and it doesn't do anything too
surprising no because if you're in like
a whiskey and Coke mode let's be honest
you're not going on some wild you're not
going for a whiskey Journey you're not
going exploring here no no you're not no
you said the uh I think the makers and
Coke when it comes to Bourbons is my
other favorite so the thing about
carbonated drinks is that ice destroys
them right and this is why when you have
a fine cocktail that's carbonation based
you usually don't pour it on ice and
what I want to do is our favorite Coke
and whiskey but without the ice
which lets you taste the complexity of
both things without watering it down so
I I'm sorry I'm gonna I'm just gonna
have to go for the Jack Daniels and Coke
so what happens when you try to turn
Jack Daniels and Coke into a fancier
drink let's find out and this is going
to be in the same proportions now the
the thing with cocktails and mixing
drinks and whatnot especially in our
community the vast majority of the time
people are drinking it neat uh very
often in the Glencairn glass it's very
different kind of glass in there and
whenever you're hiding things behind
lots of sugar and you're dulling down
the alcohol with ice then it can go past
you very quickly and you can go from
zero to drunk without realizing that
it's happened yeah
all right what is this that is Jack and
Coke but neat basically yeah it works
though doesn't it it still works but see
how if the coke was colder and the
whiskey was chill if you're gonna do
this you need to have a chilled whiskey
which is you know why you don't want to
do a fancy one but that that's actually
almost a cocktail
[Music]
you all right there hey that's your hat
you're hurting so last weekend we had a
launch party mm-hmm
it's good
[Music]
I like that I have a lot of people
there's a lot of people here a lot of
magnificent people what are they doing
here
foreign
foreign
[Music]
foreign
what was your most memorable moment from
last weekend Saturday August 25th the
launch of the Crowder Barrel whiskey
company
through the combined Balor of the
whiskey train I don't think I had one
single moment I think the most
remarkable thing to me right was how
easy it was to hang out with everybody
yes that it didn't feel I mean while
being an introvert it does make it a
little bit tiring but it didn't feel
like a stressor there were no
there were no people causing problems
nothing everything it was just it was a
joy even the distillers that were here
well all of the people down there said
that our crowd were gracious they really
wanted to know things and nobody was
impatient yeah and they had a damn good
time and they were doing things like oh
did you know what you said about this
whiskey you gotta try this one and then
the YouTubers the whiskey YouTubers that
came they were great but what was the
most awkward thing that happened during
the day
the most awkward thing yes while you
think about it so here's the thing
there's uh I I saw the filmmakers
um oh I have something all right there's
these filmmakers they're running around
they got the drones they got the cameras
they're getting some cool shots and I'm
talking to one of the Magnificent
bastards and he comes over to us he's
like hey they take a little step this
way and then just keep talking and then
he runs off in the distance and he's
just filming he's talking to you get
some b-roll some just extra footage
so we wrap up a conversation a few
minutes later and I hop on the scoot and
I started scooting I see oh he's right
there so I'm scooting by I was like oh
 he's filming me ah and he's filming
me at the most like rough
part of the property we're just like big
rocks this big and my tires like that
big so so he's like nice and Daddy's got
the little camera dogs panning around
and I'm just
trying to get down the path and he's
filming the whole thing like oh God why
there why there I'm trying to look cool
for once in my life all right what was
yours mine was mine was probably when I
came into my own bar and my wife and my
brother in law had figured out such an
efficient system that they were uh
trying not to be annoyed that I was
there to help yeah Welcome to my life
[Music]
I don't think you fully appreciate
the Havoc that bubbles can play on a
tasty tasty beverage probably not going
to demonstrate something what do we have
here we've got uh still House Tennessee
whiskey so let's pour it out to the top
of the red label oh look at that nailed
it we're gonna do a little little Shake
test a little bubble test this will have
bourbon in it okay that will have only
Coke okay and we'll see which explodes
more I need to demonstrate this I
understand that carbonation is minimized
by hard liquor in the glass previously
apparently you don't all right we got
[Laughter]
here I'll shake them
[Applause]
that's classic that's classic bartender
Shake right there
[Laughter]
[Music]
your poor camera don't aim at the camera
okay
open yours no I'm gonna see we're going
with us first we're going for height
we're going for we're going for height
yeah because we'll see we're going for
explosive power
you ready yeah
you know how sticky I'm gonna be that's
much more tame than the other one damn
it
there you go you ready do you respect
the bubbles yet
never disrespected them never disrespect
the bubble never disrespect the bubbles
what the hell is this
which one exploded more Rex son of a
well Daniel I guess you're right I sure
learned my lesson yeah
[Music]
I can be back
[Music]