hi guys I'm back again to show you my
okay as you can see you yeah my return
really good I was really afraid because
I thought won't have enough hair with
but I was wrong it turn eaten really
good which I love
maybe you are wondering why I'm wearing
a scarf on it because it's a short cut
because I told you II turn good but
after I went crazy with scissors so it's
too short another like him now but it is
beautiful scarf
I'm just like gorgeous I mean look at
okay ha how I look I love it yeah so I
told you this morning I would make a
video
shrim a cut which I love and so to sound
tips and tricks when you are running out
from material cap poly pins glue even if
I found something so yes that's sorry
I would I would to do my my week now but
no mannequin head I can uh sometimes
I'll do my wig on my head but it's it
takes time really because I like to be
careful it's my hair I love my hair I
have to take time so I have to measure
things or on a mannequin head it's easy
I'm faster a mannequin here enough good
mmm good vision I see more easily what I
want you know and I can achieve and I
can achieve it really easily and faster
than when I do it on my hair here so um
I didn't had mannequin head so I create
one yeah it sounds crazy but yes I did
it look seriously I made it by hand this
morning since the last video I made a
cap yes I made it I made it with a
balloon a little balloon plastic bag and
a sharpie marker as you can see yes it
can look really funny but I love it with
this little this little thing yes
st. Patrick's effect it helped me to
figure it out what a face can look like
any kind of funny so I can do my wicked
really good mood I love it and I work
faster as you can see I've drawn brows I
don't know if you see oh shoot sorry
brows it helped me to figure out how I
will mirror things on my cap because yes
a low begin by the end of my brows to
figure out what I will do so yeah and
the brows you actually you are actually
seeing the the measurement are mine yes
they're not in the front and really kind
of right because there is one who goes
like that which goes like that sorry
and good luck but it's okay the two
medium are okay because as you can see
my brain is like I want perfect yeah
and yeah I will make a tutorial
maybe tomorrow to show you how I did my
money can here as you can see it it
works really well I mean look at how
gorgeous I'm looking now
I love my cut and I I received
compliments yes I went to a little walk
and out people that would like a heart
pretty oh yes with my scarf on I can
show you this no I don't like it I will
feel really frustrated as you can see it
works it really looks like a human
hidden face because this week is mine
I wanted I've been um I've been warning
for the to to last month so it's yes
it's the same size of my head with bread
on and to be sure that what I was doing
on my cap when I was on glue and glue in
the the wet I've shown a kind of line
just wear the wig stopped on a plastic
bag as you can see it's not really clear
isn't that time having a good light so
as you can see for him to how to say
that yes I've draw some pointed this
parameter I've drawn it on a plastic
back it kind of not kind of it helped me
to to knew why I was doing it looks that
way looks really right so I start on the
mannequin and I finish on my head
because yes you will you are probably
saying now a balloon is too round a head
is not perfectly round I know I know
so it's a good it's a good start I could
finish it there but it's a short cut I
would kind of kind of look that I can't
achieve here now because now it's it's
my first time to use it it's a creation
I made this morning I've been walking
all day to that so the result gorgeous
it works it really works maybe you won't
get it the first time it's not
complicated but it's not that easy to
but it works you really definitely need
that cuz if you can be the third time I
told you to tell me it's really not
perfect but now I'm not perfect just got
his profession but I love what my wig
looks like now it's just it's just
beautiful I love it
yes as I told you I will make a tutorial
on how to create this little funny and
useful mannequin hair with a balloon a
plastic bag you will need a wig use
especially an old one because you know
you you will custom with and yes I can
say the same measurement off your head
that's why it really helped me and I
will make a tutorial on this look I know
if you can see it well no cause me I
don't it's nighttime I don't have a good
life but I will make a tutorial on it
and you will see so thank you like a
video share it because this thing it's
useful so thank you
ma thank you for watching uh-huh good
night and calculator