hi I'm Rachel you to this and I'm going
to show you how to unclog a garbage
disposal drain first off you don't want
to put any really toxic chemicals down
in your garbage disposal because it is a
little more sensitive than your regular
drains and you don't want to deteriorate
anything that's down in your garbage
disposal you want to keep it working for
a long time it's not something you want
to replace so what I say with any drain
in the house but especially your garbage
disposal since it's in your kitchen is
go the non-toxic earth-friendly way use
your baking soda and vinegar they have a
really cool chemical reaction when they
meet it bubbles up and fizzes baking
soda is really abrasive and it's really
good for unclogging drains you just want
to sprinkle baking soda down into the
drain not a whole bunch you know but
enough where you know that it's coated
quite a bit of the inside of the drain
then get the miniature open pour vinegar
in there just a little bit you can hear
it fizzing it's really neat it's like a
science experiment any time you mix
baking soda and vinegar it's pretty cool
I would let it sit like that for about
30 minutes before you turn the water on
since it all really good and then
there you go you may have to repeat that
process a couple of times or if it's
really bad if the clog is beyond just
you know what you can see down in this
pocket right here you may have to get
your husband to look under the sink or
your neighbor or the handyman you know
whoever to look under the sink and see
if there's something actually in the
pipes that they need to unscrew but in
that case you know you need to let it
plumb or do that I don't even know where
to begin when it comes to under the sink
but this is a good idea for unclog in it
you know and for catching clogs before
they get too bad vinegar and baking soda
is excellent if you want to keep it
clean and keep the blade sharp you can
drop pieces of ice down in there and
that helps keep the blade sharp so they
can chop the food up better and you're
less likely to to get clogs
so I'm Rachel u2's this and that is how
you unclog a garbage disposal