hi welcome to learnhow garden.com on
today's episode of The 10minute Gardener
we'll be tackling the uh issue of
pruning guris if you're not already
subscribed to me at linter Garden
there's a link directly below this film
pop to the website input your email
address that means every time we put up
a new film we can let you know it also
means you get access to our free monthly
newsletter and it lets you see what
courses and seminars we offer at learn
how to
garden what we're doing here is
responding to a question I was asking on
the website and that's how do I prune my
gzb and if you look at this plant it
seems you know just like a mass of
little um branches and we need to prune
for two reasons we need to prune so that
we can allow air flow through the actual
plant so that we renew the actual plant
itself what we need to do is create an
upturned open framework with this plant
so when we look at it the first thing we
want to do is that any branches that
cross in any way whatsoever we want to
take those off and you take those off
back to the main St get yourself a
decent pair of seconds and remember that
the cutting blade needs to be next to
the plant to get the sharpest effect so
again any that
cross take
off then what we're trying to do is
create this upturn shape so we need to
reduce our main main stems by about a
third so you look along this stem and
what we're looking for is that there
that's an upward-facing Bud come just
above it and at about 45Â° cut so that
the actual plant is encouraged to grow
upwards we're growing up here so we'll
take off
there we look along this main one about
a third of the way
back there the same here and it's these
upward facing
buds there's a Bud there that's going to
cross so I'll take that off at this
point once that are
vertical that
easy and whether you're growing this as
we are here in the ground or on a
standard which is the tall um main stem
it's exactly the same pruning technique
so I'll just go around this reducing the
main stems by a third looking for an
upward-facing bud and cutting to that to
encourage the actual plant to come up
any dead or diseased wood needs to be
cut
back to the main
stem and if you've got a stem that looks
like it's going to get congested best to
get it out the air flow is vitally
important a lack of air flow is what
will lead to more um molds and diseases
becoming attached to your plant than
anything else and once we've done
this it'll be ready to
go it's quite
quick it's
easy there's no mystery to it
the upward facing
Bud to create a goblet shape thanks a
lot for watching