all right so what I'm doing is taking
the doors off all the cabinets quite a
few put a numbering them and I'm going
to spray-paint doors so spray painted
doors I think I'm just going to go with
a white bright white satin or semi-gloss
not sure quite yet I'm just taking the
doors off also going to paint the inside
of these they're just so dark you can
take the shelves out they just pop right
out
normally all the cabinet doors all I'm
doing is just removing the hardware from
the door and from the base cabinets so
just take these two screws out then this
whole thing pops out and then take that
off just put them on the big mud pan
take it off number one for but
seven and so we work on those and I'll
get some footage of spraying the cabinet
doors and also probably just going to
use a whizbee and a brush on the insides
of these just going to test it out see
what goes best be nice if I could spray
it but not sure all right here we go
instance the inside of the cabinets are
just like a corkboard painted particle
board I'm just going to Prime those with
the Zinser one two three before I paint
the full mica on the face of the
cabinets and the cabinet doors and the
inside of the cabinet doors to apply the
Zinser one two three I'm using a six
inch wizzy roller which is a 3/8 inch
nap on it and I'm just going to roll out
all the areas after they've been cut in
with a paintbrush
[Music]
[Music]
in size of the upper cabinets primes
used as injure one two three latex thing
blocking primer highly recommend that
primer highly recommend is deserved
one two three four stay blocking light
stains you need a oil base if it's going
to be something heavy but the one two
three Zinser is a great all-round primer
so got the inside find there's a little
more from the uppers so I'm going to
spray those with a cabinet paint it's a
primer and paint all in one I'm going to
use a 3-13 spring cap and this 6to4 mica
painted surfaces comes out as a satin
finish
I got it tended to Elcor from Richards
paint which is a nice bright white and
it's going to provide great coverage
with that tint of white so here I go I'm
gonna put the GoPro on and film some of
this spraying bye bye Miami Dolphin blue
don't get me wrong I'm a fan of the
Miami Dolphins but not on my cabinets so
yeah hey thanks for watching if you
enjoyed this video be sure to subscribe
to my channel I've got all kinds of
how-to tips and tricks and even some
project videos so subscribe check me out
on Facebook Instagram and Twitter
[Music]