[Music]
eating eggs will cause the order to
linger on which is annoying at times
your hand the plate or the frying pan
also smells of eating egg even after
washing the utensil here are tips on
getting rid of egg smells lime juice to
remove egg smell out of utensils after
cooking and eating wash them with pure
lemon juice you can also pour the lemon
juice onto a cloth and rub it onto them
leave them for about 20 minutes and then
wash as usual vinegar after you're done
with washing the dish add a teaspoon of
vinegar to it and leave it on for a
while then wash it with water the egg
smells gone and your dish smells as good
as
new baking soda sove the dishes in a
solution of baking soda and water to get
rid of any leftover egg order you need
to give a second rinse to remove any
lingering baking soda powder prior to
usage