my name is Conlan and I am the owner of
the lot restaurant Fah is the
traditional meal of Vietnam we all eat
we eat for breakfast we had for lunch we
eat for dinner
here are some tips on how you can make a
really great fun home if you hear
stories about people having similar
their broth for two to three days don't
worry about that
the ideal time is about four or five
hours longer than that and you're
getting too much collagen make sure you
don't overcook your noodles that's very
important the beef slices the thinner
you can cut and a good tip is to put it
in the freezer so that your eye around
hardens and it's much easier to slice
the slices dressing up of your fumble I
find probably as important as anything
else limes so a couple of wedges of lime
this this bit of acid is is very
important in balancing out the
savoriness of the of the football some
additional bean sprouts some Thai basil
extra cilantro on there jalapenos if you
like that and then crucial I think is a
swirl of sriracha and then this is a
hoisin sauce that you can find in in all
Asian markets pick
red onions this is an advanced bowl
eating technique that not a lot of
people know about is to get a toasted
baguette and just dip that into your Bo
broth and the flavors of the toasted
bread with the broth soaked into it is
delicious
[Music]