hello again this is Dan ball with
hardcore perlier.com today we are going
to do some ironing
we have Donkey Kong and we have Bowser
from Super Mario Brothers 3 we did a the
video earlier you may have seen this is
going to be part 2 of the video
we have our Donkey Kong here ready to go
as you can see he is taped up with
masking tape we have our holes poked
there as you can see pulls all ready to
go
once again we poke holes in the masking
tape while doing this method to allow
the beats to breathe so that when you
are running the iron over this the air
can escape and the beads will close up
we are going to be using Reynolds brand
parchment paper let's start off here
piece of paper that's suitable for it I
like to use the scissors instead of the
specific cut a bit nicer edge to little
torn up there we made it some actual
cookies with parchment paper this is
what its intended purpose was okay so we
got the parchment paper over Donkey Kong
here we're gonna be getting our iron
this is a black & decker classic iron
it's set on just a little bit over 5
there about 5 and a half which is I call
a mid wool sitting it's ready to go or
light is turned off so it's nice and hot
don't touch it with the iron we're just
going to set it on there to start with
your iron you don't want to put water in
it we're not spraying that we're not
doing anything like this this iron has
been in use for out a year and a half
two years now never seen water inlet at
all you don't want to use the water you
want this to be dry so you go ahead and
just set it down on there let it do its
thing it's working its magic now heat
enough give it a check starting to do
its thing already now the way I fuse my
permit art creations here is I do what's
called a closed whole fuse I also call
it a hard fuse a lot of people will only
fuse it to the point to where it's at
right there to where the beads are still
a little bit open
I'd like to close all the beads up and
when I display them on the beam side the
side that has not yet been ironed right
now I'm just giving her the once-over
just starting to warm it up here we'll
start to focus on the sections as we go
Donkey Kong of course from the classic
Nintendo arcade game in the era of
Galaxian and Galaga pac-man this game
was definitely adopted at one of the
arcades so you can see here's Mario or
as in the game Donkey Kong he was
referred to as a chump man he didn't
gain as Mario status until Mario
Brothers this is the hard fused side the
flat side and there's the bead side now
that we got everything kind of warmed up
there we're just going to start going
over it with this you just keep your
iron nice and evenly circles
so while his feet here we're already
starting to get some of the close-up
with this brand of iron it has an auto
off feature so everyone's all used to
tilt it up either a little fall rolling
around in there it's a fail-safe so if
you leave the iron sitting up in one
position for forever it'll turn itself
off good feature to happen another but
every once in a while little red light
will start flashing on and you'll have
to give it a tilt of course your mileage
may vary with the others that you have
all right so we're starting to get a
little bit of a close on the feet beads
here and then we're just going to work
it from the left to the right going once
they start to close up just get the tip
of your iron and just put a little bit
of extra weight on it you dig in there
and flatten those guys out start to
close up the holes just leave the iron
set on there for a little while to warm
up more for this donkey kong' we used
the perler colors of black and then tan
and this color here is rust the orange
is a cheddar of course white all of
these colors but the rust you can get
inside the mixed buckets the rust you
have to order separately or you can get
them from your local craft store
you can leave it setting for set for a
little while you don't want to leave it
sitting for too too long if you leave it
sitting in one place for too long then
the beads will really start to melt and
neither one of them melt and start your
being and kind of filling in the holes
too much you still want it to be solid
but just go here and circular motions as
you can see Donkey Kong is really
starting to show up to do paper when it
comes to the parchment paper again we're
using reynolds brand parchment paper
when you get the beads in the buckets or
others you'll get this paper here which
is great for ironing if you're doing
small pieces it works wonderful or small
pieces but once you start getting into
the bigger pieces you're really gonna
want bigger pieces of paper first off
and you're not going to want the creases
the creases in the paper if you iron if
we did the whole thing with this this we
just hold the tip I put it over top and
started ironing yeah it'll look great
he'll iron problem is you're gonna end
up with all these little creases in the
flat side if you're displaying bean side
that's not necessarily a bad thing but I
like to use parchment paper with
everything I do so now we're just moving
over to the other side let this sit here
warm up this side nice and warm to the
touch a little bit but once you start to
the other side just come over here if it
won't fall just give it a little push
just keep it flat why are you doing the
rest his teeth and eyes closed up here
and once again on this when you're doing
these creations I got a couple other
things that I'm going to be ironing here
this is of course the excitement bike I
gave him a little bit of green board
poking holes even in the small ones even
on something that's a single board
creation you'll want to poke holes makes
them a lot easier to iron and that way
you can stage a bunch of things at once
today I got Excitebike here another
Excitebike we got a little bit of the
Excitebike people that are on the
sidelines go back to ironing here and
I'll show you some more things we'll be
doing later donkey kong is nearly done
move the table ability but I can't see
that because the camera is on top all
right now we're just getting the final
little details just going around the
edges look solid be a couple holes here
than there let's get the tip of the iron
think of there a little bit make sure
those things up okay we're gonna call
that good next get a couple of your
favorite books always Douglas Adams to
take a guide of the galaxy and women who
run with pulse never read this one read
this book several times and that will
sit for a little while we're gonna set
that off to the side while it cools down
we put the books on top of it to keep it
flat as it cools down it's why the paper
over here and it's time for Bowser it's
put away excitement bike guy same thing
with this a little bit of parchment
paper size get your scissors
it's nice and popular TV shows if you
set that right on there
and we'll start at his feet
Bowser of course got his start in the
super one we're even really interact
well he was like the final boss but the
four levels you have no hope 1/4 2/4 3/4
and Bowser was there and every time he
was a little bit stronger which was
weird because every time at the end of
the level you ended up either shooting
him with fireballs until he dies or he
falls into the hot lava they guess what
he's back at the next level that's
saying that which does not kill you
makes you stronger but super money of
others 3 definitely one of the greatest
original Nintendo games I remember I
didn't have my own Nintendo
Entertainment System when this game came
up we had to go rent one we had to go to
the video store and they actually rented
consoles you can rent this a week we
rented Super Mario Brothers 3 and iron
what do they call it the off-road
Ironman off-road - Stuart something like
that off-road I think those are the only
two we got we might have got something
like chip and dale rescue rangers
something like that as well
ducktales but here's a couple of things
that I've made Mario why's we got Dee
flying Mario this little town his ears
we got shell kick and Mario
and these I transformed into
refrigerator magnets I'll probably do a
tutorial soon about two refrigerator
magnets and how to fix these magnets on
their because believe it or not it's
actually difficult because the material
that these beads are made out of are
kind of nonstick by nature it's food
grade plastic it's meant to not let
things stick to it naturally you really
got to get in there and the hot glue gun
is the only thing that I found that will
really make those fridge magnets stick
but with perler beads you can make
pretty much anything you can imagine
there's a lot of limitation in colors
but he makes you palette up a little bit
you can definitely get some good stuff
here's some other things that I've made
final to it of course bead side I always
like to present bead side my flat sides
aren't bad but I I like the fact that
they're Pete's you got a little peanut
butter jelly time banana he's a lot of
fun what does he can see with the
ironing did you go off the holes close
up pretty quick we're right now because
I set the iron there a little bit too
long there's a little bit of big-oh
moving the iron that's why you don't
want to leave in a little place for too
long rule flatten this out here and just
end we got grandma from kooky clicker
that's a lot of fun I get make that me
all the things I'm showing you right now
you'd be making the fridge magnets ooh
got a stormtrooper
some things love the ironing a little
bit later today there's a Ryu from ninja
gaiden and of course you saw the excite
mike stuff on making those are gonna be
fridge magnets as well I'm doing a whole
series for fridge magnets if I want to
ruin the shop by moving the camera to
show you the fridge I've totally shuttle
to you I still might after I've done
iron is I'll put the camera on the
fridge and here we got some ice hockey
guys those are fun now there's nearly
dogs all right with these guys out of
play I almost forgot to show you my
fix-it Felix jr. how about this guy this
is gonna be an awesome fridge magnet all
right
of course the Bowser here as you can see
I gave him a little bit of a clear beep
order that's one thing I like to do with
my stuff given given nice solid boarders
to find those edges all right we're
gonna call Bowser done here to same deal
with this in a couple books whether they
be your favorite books are not here and
we are going to finish up our Donkey
Kong doesn't take you onto these two
pulled out once they're close to room
temperature maybe a little bit warmer
comes off these paper should just slide
off they're easy
well with this we did leave maybe a
couple of little holes a little bit open
but I displayed beats I did on rather
under do it on that side a little bit
then overdo it and really have the beats
bleed through but once you're done just
grab the corner of the tape and it
starts to come off on evenly there pick
another corner go around it looks like
it's coming off pretty smooth there we
go will be always a little bit of a
little bit of residue maybe a little bit
of tape this is when your loom hook
comes in nice and handy if those errant
pieces don't like to do is just make the
tape into a ball here and just any
residue that's left over just roll it
take it off we do theirs Donkey Kong all
finished up I like this pose that he's
in here a little bit of an angry to beat
in this chest outside but looks pretty
good there's the outside of the bouncer
you can see a little bit of these
wrinkles as it heats up and then shrinks
back down from once again just get a
corner of it lift it up hold down the
creation here whenever you start to see
a little bit of the tape coming off like
that when that starts to happen just go
around to another edge
work your way around to it and looks
like this one got a little bit hotter
than the others the tape stuck a little
bit more with the temperature whenever
you see a ton of wrinkles like that
usually it means you're gonna be put in
a little bit more effort to get the tape
off think of Bowser got a little bit
cooked here a little bit overcooked
because I was showing off my stuff and
talking instead of focusing about that
but we'll get this all off here this is
always a little bit of a pain and it
goes here and we'll see you know the
difference in something that is done
just right and something that's a little
bit overdone which is fine it's good to
see the difference in there when it
comes to brother creations it can be a
challenge to get something perfect every
time but it always looks good
once again we'll look to the rescue
no can just dig this tape off here
anything with this just ball it up say
the residue will stuff off of there this
would be able to take off some of the
extra little tape that you've left
behind if you just run your tape across
if you can pull all that extra stuff
that gets left behind
got Bowser maybe a little tad with a
little cleanup there get the rest of the
pieces of tape off still looks long flat
side on that what's really good
oftentimes are the flat sides perfect
the bead saw won't be left with a couple
of beads they're a little bit overcooked
not too difficult to get this stuff out
dig it out here you get a little goo
gone we'll help you get these at your
tape it's out all right so there we go
we've got Donkey Kong and Bowser