hello my cookies I know you read that
title and I know you probably don't
believe me that's cool let's not waste
time let's cook well microwave anyway
let's do it
all right so boom we're gonna need a
large plastic microwave safe container
make sure it's plastic in that glass to
that we're gonna add a can of sweetened
condensed milk make sure it's a good
quality brand and now we're going to
pour in some granulated sugar just some
regular white sugar and to that we're
going to add four tablespoons of butter
not margarine you know I lost a child
all the time
make sure it's butter and we're gonna
get ready to microwave do not stir it
all microwaves are different so this
process may be a little bit different at
the end for you but I'll explain put it
in the microwave for three minutes when
you take it out it should look like this
we're going to stir it for 45 seconds
and then we're gonna place it back into
the microwave for another two minutes
and 30 seconds we're just reducing it by
30 seconds so now 2 minutes 30 seconds
after that you should see a little
bubble action going on this is what we
want we're gonna stir it one more time
for 45 seconds then put it back into the
microwave for 2 minutes we want it to
look like this like Freddie Cougars head
again cookies all microwaves are not the
same my microwave is 700 Watts so if
it's not bubbling like this after that 2
minutes then just place it back in for
30 seconds at a time
until it looks like this and we're just
gonna stir it until it darkens a little
bit and stops the bubbling as you can
see it's calmed down a bit and it's
thickened so now we want to add in our
pure vanilla extract and our chopped
pecans and we're gonna stir that until
it thickens up even more and it's gonna
take about one minute as you're stirring
for that minute you'll feel it become a
little bit harder to stir because it's
getting thicker that's when you know
that you need to start dropping it by
the spoonfuls onto some wax paper
and that's done you want to allow them
to cool for 20 minutes so that they can
set and Harden and cookies you will have
the creamiest
and best oh and the easiest dog on
pralines ever the recipe link will be
down there in the description box and
I'll also share the link to the youtuber
that I adapted this recipe and method
from thank you girl you're a lifesaver
thanks so much for watching my cookies
give you girl a thumbs up if you enjoyed
this look at this beef he's back
spilling until next time be blessed