[Music]
some recipes can be daunting when
cooking them for the first time so Tesco
and sorted food have teamed up to help
you with some of your food
firsts today we're cooking up a one pot
lemon and thyme chicken and if you're
cooking with chicken on the bone for the
first time then this recipe will show
you everything that you need to know
here's all the equipment that you're
going to need to make it easier why
don't you take a screenshot of
this and as for the ingredients
obviously we're using chicken on the
bone we've got chicken thigh and then
squash onion garlic lemon and capers
next up loads more green veg corette
pepper spinach cuscus and stock first up
the chicken itself to make sure we got
the most out of our chicken I went for a
chat with Dy who is a Tesco butcher to
find out all we needed to know we're
making a one pot chicken recipe which
bits of the chicken do I use uh
generally people use the leg because
it's got the bone and when it's cooked
it gives it a nice bit of flavor and it
keeps it nice and moist the meat and if
you don't want the whole legs if you
want like drumsticks you cut it and then
you've got a thigh and the drumsticks
lovely as D suggested we're going for
chicken on the bone these are chicken
thighs so just half of the leg season it
well with salt and pepper and then fry
in a large pan skinside down for about 5
minutes till it starts to go crispy
while our chicken is frying I'm going to
chop up this butter KN squash because
Chicken on the bone takes a little bit
longer to cook that's why we've started
it off turn it over once you've got some
crispy skin and next goes in the squash
in and around the chicken keep turning
it every so often and that'll also give
us another 10 minutes to chop up onion
garlic garlic Capers and zester
lemon the onions garlic Capers lemon and
Thyme go into the pan give that a mix
around and then put it in a preheated
oven at 180Â° for 10 minutes which gives
us time to chop up our pepper and our
cette our layering process continues as
we go in with cier and pepper plus
cuscus and chicken stock and spinach you
need to mix it all together it gets a
bit jumbly in the pan a little bit too
small but back into the oven for another
10 minutes and it'll all reduce down and
be absolutely delicious
top tip don't forget that handle is hot
cuz it's been in the
[Applause]
[Music]
oven and the great thing about a one pot
cook is it can go to the table just as
it is before you do a squeeze of lemon
juice a scattering of toasted pine nuts
and some fresh parsley also remember
that the handle is hot very but if
you're looking to cook chicken on the
bone for the very first time then you
can't go wrong with this recipe it's a
one pot lemon and thy chicken sorted
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]