hi everybody and welcome back to another
edition of the honey hollow kitchen
I'm chef Paul and today we're going to
talk about brazing brazing is a method
of preparation that we use for tougher
cuts of meat they require longer amounts
of cooking time and moisture today we're
going to take a really nice honey hollow
chuck roast we're gonna rub it with our
savory rub using a liberal amount of
seasoning and herb coat it very well
just like this
we're going to use a little bit of
grapeseed oil we use grapeseed because
it's got a higher smoke point and a more
neutral flavor little bit of oil and now
we're gonna sear the meat so let's just
talk about the method of braising once
we have all of our ingredients together
that's called me zone plots everything
in its place we're gonna heat the pan
add the oil and now we're gonna sear the
product searing is the Browning of the
sugars that reside naturally inside the
meat okay we're in the pan and we're
searing caramelizing the sugars that
naturally reside in the meat you want to
make sure to get a really dark color on
that you see how dark that is it's okay
if it starts to get really dark that
flavor just makes it all the better so
again back to the method heat the pan
add the oil we're gonna sear the product
and then we're gonna do what's called
deglazing deglazing is the process of
adding the liquid now we're gonna remove
all the brown crunchies on the bottom of
the pan that's called Fonda fo and D we
want that it flavors what we're gonna
make so we've got again beautiful sear
here now we're gonna turn down our heat
just a little so that will splatter take
our beef stock and that to the pan
just like that nice we're gonna bring
this to a boil now the amount of liquid
that you want in your pan is halfway up
the height of the product that's in
there for a five quart pan we've got a
three pound roast we've used two cups of
stock but you really need to keep in
mind the amount of diameter of that pan
and keep it similar to the shape and
size of the roast that you're braising
so we're gonna come up to a boil cover
it and then we're gonna go into a
convection oven at 325 degrees for four
hours or a conventional oven if you
don't have the fan for 350 degrees four
hours okay
so we're bringing this up to a boil and
into the oven
okay we've brought it up to a boil
covered it and how we go into the oven
for four hours I've already got one
that's been cooking for three and a half
hours let's take a look
okay we've got three roasts in here
which is why I use such a large pan and
as you can see that brown carmelization
looks just magnificent on the meat the
last 30 minutes we're gonna take
potatoes celery carrots just let them
fall in there as they may you back in
the oven for another half hour to
tenderize the vegetables and starchy
there we go 30 more minutes when you're
done your meals ready to go
enjoy