hey everybody I just wanted to take a
quick video here and talk about some of
the Pamper shaft measuring devices that
I have I think are awesome I'm going to
start with these measure all cups man
these are just I I can't even describe
how awesome and useful these products
are uh the first one we got up here is
your measure all cup uh that's
1175 then we've got your mini measuring
cup
that's
750 and then we've got your petite
measure measure all cup and that's
625 so basically how these things work
is one side right here is for your
solids um you put it spoon it into there
and then you just push it out so this is
great for your peanut butters sour
creams all that stuff it works better
whenever you use two hands I'm using one
while I do the video so this dry side is
going to be your red side right here it
does up to two
cups of dry solid measuring right
there I mean like I said the plunger
just all you got to do is push it to
wherever you want it to go to fill it up
and then push it out if you want to do
wet liquids no problem just flip it
around it's got a blue side right here
this blue side's for your liquids just
fill up this cup like you would and any
other measuring cup and you can see
where it goes It goes all the way from
a/4 cup to two
cups yeah from what is that 1 o it looks
like all the way up to 14
oz it does tablespoons from 2 to 16 and
and 6 to 48 teaspoons and it's also got
your
milliliters so it's just great tool to
have great product relatively
inexpensive if you ask me for $175
you're getting two different ways to
measure uh if you can only buy one
definitely buy the mini measure o at 750
it's a good allpurpose uh tool once
again it's going to do your dry and your
wet that plunging system just pushes it
out I mean I've used this one a lot more
in case you can't tell with how easy it
moved with just my one hand for the
drying we uh ingredients it goes from a
quarter cup to a Full Cup it does
tablespoons teaspoons
milliliters once again it's just simple
as plunging it out uh great peanut
butters sour cream cream cheese Mayo
anything like that that you know is
complicated in a standard measuring cup
this thing is awesome once again don't
got to get a second cup dirty we can do
our liquids in here we just switch over
to this blue side and we'll fill it up I
mean we got a/4 cup all the way to the
top for a full cup and there's your
ounces your tablespoons here your
teaspoons it's a it's called the mini
measure all if you can only get one get
this one uh it's great all purpose you
could do just about anything you could
think of you could do it with this alone
uh so I highly suggest this guys the
mini measure all cup as you can see fits
in my hand it's not mini but small than
the measure all but not
many next up is your petite measuring
cup same concept got your dry solids got
your wet
liquids plunging action boom
plunger it's pretty awesome just set
your plunger to where you need it to be
spoon in what you need to do so let's
say we need four tablespoons butter
we're going to fill that bad boy up with
the butter and once we're all set and
done we're just going to push it
out boom just like that red side is your
dry see four tablespoons I believe
that's a/4 cup if I remember right uh
teaspoons milliliters flip it over there
you go you got your ounces up to two
ounces qu ounz to 2 ounz
tablespoons two teaspoons
and your
milliliters so the measure all cups
great great tools to have like I said
that's the mini that's the petite and
that's the normal so 1175
750 and
625 uh really great just so you know
these things whenever you go to clean
them your plunger part it's hand wash I
make sense you don't want it to get
Warped by the heat of a dishwasher so
make sure you hand wash this
but you put this in the dishwasher get
it nice and clean uh it's not going to
hurt
any at all and then all you got to do is
put it back on and make sure the plunger
is going to be pushing out lining up on
the red side whenever you put it back
together so that way everything's
measuring right I mean like I said it's
pretty hard mess up it tells you for
liquids go up for solids go up so it's
like that for all
three the next thing up are the
measuring spoons from Pampered Chef uh
they go from an eighth teaspoon all the
way to full tablespoon check that out
guys yep these things stay
together they won't clutter up your
drawer at all they snap together in
place it's pretty awesome this is where
they snap together at they've got a
little indention right
here and let me show you this other side
right there there so it's all what they
do they snap in place it's easy peasy
lemon squeezy y'all so good good set to
have um won't clutter up your drawers
any at
all I also have the adjustable measuring
spoon Set uh once again pretty awesome
one device goes from a teaspoon all the
way to a tablespoon and then the other
one goes
from an eighth of teaspoon all the way
to a full teaspoon there you go I mean
you see how easy it is guys it just
slides
um you could do dry or wet in this I've
I've done it this little blocking thing
does a really good job of keeping your
liquids out so giving you an accurate
measurement but once again that's also
why I have the petite measure all cup so
that way you know what I could do you
know stuff like that with it
uh these things are dishwasher safe all
you got to do is pop them off like that
stick them in your
dishwasher and then once you're said and
done just pop them in back together boom
wab beam wab boom can't beat that guys
adjustable one spoon one two three four
five yep I don't know how to count five
spoons and
one what is this one one two three five
spoons and one again so another great
product uh the measuring spoon set is
$10 the adjustable measuring spoon set
right here 950 both are great I love
having them both uh I've replaced all my
measuring spoons with these from
Pampered
Chef the measuring cups from Pampered
Chef they clip together just like the
spoons do they they won't clutter up
your drawers very nice indeed you can
see they've got the same kind
of
clips that the spoons have so that way
they do it now it's great these go from
a/ quarter cup all the way to a Full Cup
they have this leveling knife or device
whatever you want to call it so that way
whenever you do put your dry ingredients
in here baking we all know baking is an
exact science just scrape it off I don't
know if you can see where it's beveled
so that way you know it's going to give
you a nice
clean nice clean leveling surface there
whenever you go to use it and that just
snaps onto
them like that it's great uh I've bought
these and I replaced my other ones that
I had that were similar uh some offer
and I can't remember I got them from
Walmart but
uh the spoons and the measuring cups I
got from Walmart that were supposed to
be clipped together like these were they
didn't stay clipped together for very
long I've had these
for oh probably a month now and they are
still together holding strong I mean
like I said that's the
spoons and they stick together
so uh once again great tool sorry guys I
forgot to tell you the measuring cup set
17 50 uh online if you want to get those
look at them but like I said I can't be
any happier with the Pamper Chef
products that I have uh especially these
Mees all cups uh just real quick
reminder the mini measuring cup uh I
can't remember which one exactly is the
guest special uh I think it is the mini
measuring cup if I remember right or
it's either the measure all cup but one
of these two it's either the mini or the
measure all is the guest special of the
month and what that is is if you spend
$75 you get one of these for free so if
you want one for
free uh just with your order as long as
you are uh spending $75 or more on your
order you can include one of these for
free if you choose to I mean but like I
said even if you aren't spending $75
they're inexpensive 7 750 for the mini
measure cup $175 for the measure all the
mini measuring cup right here is all
purpose I mean it's as long as you have
have this you really don't need any
other one but you know I like having the
set I like having the options of doing
more or less if needed so anyways guys
this is the end of my video for the
Pamper Chef measuring products that I do
have so have a good night everyone and
thank you for watching