hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel today I'm going to do something
that I absolutely love every time I have
like a relaxed evening or a movie night
at home or if I'm getting with some
friends I much prefer to have this kind
of like snack to eat so this time the
recipe is not going to be a dessert so
sorry to Olivia that we're expecting a
dessert but new and it's going to be
garlic bread yay
so instead of doing the more typical
bread and it's like the whole bread and
then inside has the garlic butter and
then when it gets warm in the oven and
the butter melts and yeah you know drill
this one is going to be a little bit
different because we are going to make
several tiny knots of bread and then the
garlic butter goes on top of it in my
opinion is way more fun because you have
many of them and it's easier to share if
you have friends with you or even like
to eat them it feels more like a snack
than having a whole bread also you can
make many of them at once and even if
you don't eat them you can froze it and
then he did a little bit in the oven
next time and they will taste as good
okay I hope you are as excited and not
anymore with this recipe and let's get
started
start by adding the flour and the salt
into a large bowl add the east to your
warm water and mix until it's completely
dissolved make a hole in the middle of
your flour and start pouring the water
while mixing at the same time
then add the olive oil continue mixing
and meet for 10 minutes by hand until
you have a smooth soft dough make a ball
out of it and place it into a bowl
covered by a tea towel and leave it
resting for one hour at this point you
want to pre-heat your oven to 180
degrees Celsius get your dough take a
chunk of it and start rolling it into a
sausage twist it into a knot like this
and place it on an oven tray
now it's time to start your garlic
butter melts the butter in the small pan
cut the garlic cloves into tiny little
pieces
join your minced garlic to the butter
and let it cook for a minute or two to
intense the flavor chop some chives and
parsley add the salt and mix everything
together with the butter
then you just have to brush the butter
over each doughnut and let it bake for
20 minutes until the nuts are nice and
golden and it's done
I hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please give it a big thumbs up and if
you make this yourself at home and want
to send me some pictures please do that
because I always love to see your
pictures if you want to do that just
send them to my facebook page or attend
me on instagram if you want more ideas
for like night snacks you can watch this
video I made a while ago that it's
called late night snacks where I show
you guys three great ideas of snacks so
you can click there or go in the
description box down below if they'll
have the link there I hope you have a
wonderful weekend and I'll see you guys
next week bye
you