welcome back guys to our summer sushi
we're kicking it off next with making
some crab salad which you can use for
California rolls or topping other rolls
it's kind of a basic so we need you to
do that so first offer you get your crap
stick alright so after you crap stick
nothing fancy just gonna get some
imitation crab can give funnies a little
local grocery stores anything like that
once you get it ready you just kind of
gotta roll it up
crush it get into a kind of strands then
we're going to make our crepes out so
here we go all right so now that you got
your crab stick depending on hang which
one you get what you're going to want to
do is something like this and it gets in
these kind of shreds and that's what
you're kind of looking for it'll make
your crab side will easy to work with
and we'll get doing that with the next
couple ones alright so after you shred
up lay your crab meat looks like that
we're going to go ahead and add some
keep you manis
and we're just going to score a little
bit around and slowly stir it in and
this is just your preference you to put
as much or as little as you want if you
wanted to make this spicy crab salad you
can have sriracha and make it kind of
spicy
that's probably just about the
consistency that I like and there you
have crab salad warrior California rule
and there you have it guys it's that
easy to make crab salad takes a couple
minutes and you're good to go be sure to
LIKE comment subscribe let us know sushi
rolls who wants to make in the future
we'll see you soon bye