[Music]
[Music]
hello and welcome to craft tastrophe
today we're going to make a really fun
simple project and uh we're going to
make a homemade snow globe so here we
have a jar that we'll be using and then
we have little figurine which I'm using
the little ducky um you can use pretty
much anything you could use like little
uh plastic toys you can use like Ninja
Turtles or GI Jo's or maybe a little
Barbie small Barbie things you just have
to make sure that the the figurine that
you use will fit into the um the size
jar that you're using and so um here we
have this and so what I will do first is
glue this onto here here so we're going
to take the glue and put it all over the
back of his uh the bottom end and you're
going to use a glue gun which I'm using
a um glow-in-the-dark glue gun so um the
glue here will glow in the dark at
night so we're going to stick him on
here and while that dries we'll wait
until he dries until we put him into the
Container here so while we're wai
waiting for this to dry we're going to
stick some water in here so I have some
water that's ready to go
[Music]
in and you're going to fill it up almost
to the top so I need a little bit more
water to put in there we're going to put
the water in here finish putting that
in okay looks good enough let me check
and make sure he's glued in and looks
like he's glued in pretty well here so
now what we're going to do is we have
some glitter which you can use any color
that you like and we're going to pour
some glitter in there and it will be
very messy so be careful um how you pull
it out and how you use it so it calls
for a couple uh tablespoons or teaspoons
of um of glitter so we're just going to
put some glitter in
here just like
this and the craft also calls for
glycerin but I cannot find glycerin in
the stores anywhere so if you can find
glycerin um you'll want to put a
tablespoon or two of Glycerin into the
um into the jar and that makes the um
the Sparkles uh go up and down more like
a snow glp so basically what we do is we
just had put what we wanted in there if
you want a little extra you can put some
more in there if you want different
colors you can add different colors to
it it's pretty simple so we have our
our glitter all done here s of close
that back up and then what we'll do is
now we just put the um the lid on here
like
[Music]
this I screw it on nice and tight so the
water doesn't pour
out okay so it's nice and solid so here
we have our snow globe so you shake it
up like that and then you got your
glitter going all over the place if you
have the glycerin it'll help it to not
stay up on the top area and it'll go
down easier so just shake it go like
this and shake it back and forth and you
can watch it go all over the place so
there's that and what I'm going to do
I'm going to decorate my um my Globe
here a little bit so I'm going to use
some glow-in-the-dark
um paint and when I use the paint I'm
just going to draw some little designs
on here just to make it cool and then at
night time you'll be able to see it
glowing in the dark we have our paints
and we have them on our little paint uh
container here so what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to be creative and
just draw with the some of these uh
different colors here and just make some
cool designs on it
just to give it some
[Music]
character okay so I have a little bit of
orange on the very top and then I put
some of the clear glow-in-the-dark um
right on the edge there so what I'm
going to do is put some green down on
the bottom
here I'm not going to put too much
because it'll just kind of H it'll take
away from the global part so I'm just
going to brush some green on here just
to make it look
[Music]
pretty okay so we got some character on
our little uh snow globe here so
basically all that you do is you put
water in there and glycerin if you have
glycerin and then you throw some uh
glitter in there and then you use
whatever figurine you think would look
good in there so in my case I have this
little duck here and so I did a little
design up on the top here so now we can
just play with it and just shake it
around and you got your little glitter
all over the place just like that there
is your snow glow thanks for watching
and stay tuned for the next video
[Music]
bye thanks for watching craft tastrophe
check out the last video I made and
don't forget to hit the Subscribe button
so that you can see future videos that I
make and we have other channels that you
can check out please check them out and
see what we're doing there we're a lot
of fun we're fun people that's for sure
thanks for watching and see you next
time bye