[Music]
fuzzy nail so what type of fruit is
fuzzy peaches every once in while
someone to throw out kiwis touche
however most of the time you're going to
think peaches and then there's another
type of fruit that you're real familiar
with called a
naval orange those oranges that you buy
at the grocery store those are naval
oranges so Fuzzy navl Peach and orange
juice this is a real common drink girls
love this thing it's very sweet and
fruity and probably the weakest drink in
your bar because this is your main and
only alcohol Peach Sops which is 15%
alcohol by volume so really really we
really weak and they're so sweet they
probably make you sick before they make
you drunk take our glass need to take
our main alcohol which is peach Sops one
two three four and fuzzy naval orange
orange
juice no garnish there you go fuzzy navl
now there's another slightly strong
stronger version of this called a hairy
Naval which is a slightly disturbing
mental picture because I think of Naval
I think of a female belly button so
hairy
navl not good hair na just means that
you're going to add vodka to this drink
but it's a highball glass so that's
means that we need 1 oun of alcohol so
you're going to split the vodka and the
peach knops you're going to go two count
vodka two count Peach knops fill with
orange juice and that is a hairy nail
[Music]