crunchy crumble top that gives way to
soft apples once you master such a
simple dish you get to Freestyle with it
go a little bit Rogue add whatever you
want the classic apple crumble great
starting point cut around the core makes
it so much easier roughly Cho into a
nice deep baking dish just want all that
lovely zingy flavor a couple of
teaspoons of lemon juice over the
top it'll all cook down and mix together
anyway crumble topping more sugar for
the top shredded coconut not just for
Taste but for crunch two of those I like
flour in my crumble topping it just
gives it a little bisc texture there no
need to sift the nice thing about
crumble dash of cinnamon because it's a
great partner with our apples and then
in with our melted butter you just have
to mix it until it's roughly combined so
you get a bite of the coconut and the
sugar and the oats and the cinnamon and
then it's just onto the apples off to
the oven to bake nice bowl of hot apple
crumble with some cold vanilla ice cream
has to be one of my favorites big bowl
of comforting yum