[Music]
hi this is Yolanda vanine with how to
gardenvideo.com and in this segment
we're going to talk about how to plant
Dutch iris bulbs now there are 1,500
types of irises some come as a root some
come as a bulb but here's some tips on
the Dutch iris now Dutch iris look like
other flower bulbs in that they kind of
shaped like a Hershey's Kiss candy so
there's a side that kind of has some
hairs on it and then there's a sign that
has more tips so it's like a Hershey's
kiss in that the tip goes up and I
always like to plant at least three or
more in a group because you never want
to put one by itself and they look so
much better than um in a group so with
three of them I would put them in a
triangle and I want to have about three
inches of soil just on top and you can
take you know a planter and make the
hole right there and throw them in there
or as in the case of this soil is so
loose I can just kind of set it right
in and just make sure they're covered up
Iris are so beautiful when they bloom
April through May and they come back
every year really well and I haven't had
any Critters get them they're really
strong flower and a great addition to
your flower garden
[Music]