hi guys I'm feeling super summery today
so I've decided to show you how to make
these delicious strawberry puff pastry
tarts so to start you want to prepare
the pastry I just have some shop-bought
puff pastry here so I'm just going to
grab a pizza cutter and I'm going to cut
in half lengthways first so I just like
to have a ruler to make sure it's nice
and straight and this will be making six
puff pastry tarts so I've cut it in half
lengthways and now I'm going to cut it
in threes across the short waist so
measure that out I like to use a ruler
to make sure they're nice and accurate
but you can just do it by hand and I'm
just going to cut six squares out of
them so now that I have my six squares
I'm going to place it onto a baking tray
line with some baking paper
so using a serrated knife I'm just going
to cut a two centimeter border around
the edge of the pastries so you just
want to indent that lightly you don't
want to push all the way through to the
tray so just lightly score out two
centimeters and this will help the puff
pastry puff up around the strawberries
I'm just gonna leave them on the side
and prepare the filling so for the
center of these puff pastry tarts I have
some full-fat cream cheese and to that
I'm going to add some lovely strawberry
jam and little give it a nice strawberry
flavor so we're going to spoon some in
so that is all mixed together now it
smells absolutely amazing I'm going to
spread that now onto each of the squares
and then just using the back of my spoon
I'm just going to evenly spread that out
to the border make sure you don't go
over the serrated edges
so that is now done I'm going to pop
that on the side grab my strawberries
and cut those into some thin slices
and then when you have your slices you
want to place them on top of the filling
I'm going to chill those in the fridge
while my oven preheats to 180 degrees
fan for other temperatures they'll be
listed here so just before popping them
in the oven I'm going to create an egg
wash so I have an egg and I'm just going
to crack that into a bowl and to that
I'm going to add a splash of milk
I'm just going to beat that together
using a fork oven is ready
before serving I like to finish off the
pastries by adding a dusting of icing
sugar so that's how you make strawberry
puff pastry tarts easy