unless you have a nice clean wooden
floor Andy your turf is laying it down
on the concrete that's gonna get really
dirty and crawling around the concrete
for part of a day is not my idea of fun
so if I want to make up some kind of
good sale table I had a take your old
the detention tech log table so it's
been sitting outside for quite quite a
while you can tell right
the marks on it but that would work but
I needed to cover up that because it's
going to get green stains all over the
cell material so I got a couple pieces
of 3/4 inch plywood and put them out
those long alongside on the bottom for
the foot and the other side for the love
there was a little gap where they joined
so I put a block under it and smoothly
together so that that wouldn't be a
problem as you can see from this package
material does come in larger sizes and 4
foot by 15 foot either I didn't notice
it in when I was looking at Shirley
Williams or they were out of it I didn't
ask but it's plenty big enough for quite
a lot of sales actually it's $30 but
it's just see later on you get a lot out
of this material
I put the left side on the long first
long side on a foot side on on the
bottom along side that would get it set
up ready to go
interesting enough other words whether
it was a function of a batch a different
batch or the different sizes but these
were slightly different colors the top
side that can't be a creamy one was from
the 4 by 15 and the grayish white was
from the ADA now
nine violin please what we need in terms
of basic sale 223 square foot sale
it was a design for ringing the total
selling crap I built for my knee
granny's it's okay if we took tunneled
it's selling for Apple for quite well
the I changed it a little bit even for
this one though because this is mainly
going to go on it's going to go on
reading also but it's also going to go
on the canoe Moran I dropped the foot I
didn't like that kick up but after the
roaches two inches they're leeches 9
foot The Loft is 7 foot 11 I made it
actually 8 and the foot is 5 foot 11 I
made actually 70 inches so that's the
sale then and now we have to cut out the
basic thing since the lava is got to be
seamed and the foot is going to be seen
that comes out of a corner of the 9 by
12 and the only thing it really has to
be cut in the sail plan is of each and
that's that's what the 2 inch row
I'm cutting out the sale since I had the
spa's already made I laid them out on
the on the table on the material for a
guide and then marked off the
measurements that I had made as I need
them that worked out pretty well and
once this was done I was pretty much
ready to start cutting up which is what
I started to do right here this is just
cutting out of HS all you need and to do
the reach to get the curve I put a piece
of aluminum flat bar eighth inch in
between some bricks and draw out the
line probably the first frame is cutting
out gluten soon and then finish cutting
it out once once I had that works drawn
in I did have to get up on the table
it's a little bit to finish off the cut
but once that was done that was done
there's a heck of a lot of material left
over after cutting out this just a sail
pot more than enough for really for a
whole suit of sails in a small boat nine
by twelve with a pretty big area look at
this this is this the green part is just
the part for this sail all our rest of
it is left over so you can get a couple
more sales of it like a jib or a missus
maybe I'll make a jib for the koomer amp
and I saw all the other little art is in
pieces that you need for reinforcement
whatever else you need it's really a
bargain for 30 bucks
okay now we've got the basic this cell
shape cut out which is just a beach
after one we can do some other path
reinforcing patches that I wanted to do
I like to to curve the top of the head
and the clew of the sail not the tack
that needs to be a corner but that's
what we do I will use the old 4 by 15
pieces for this ritual use that kind of
a scrap for other things and cut out
these piece reinforcing pieces for the
head tack and clue I want to use two on
each side that will give a total of five
layers of cloth on each one
actually be more as you'll see I like to
curve the back end in my patches so
here's a piece of scrap material from
making me making the counties in the
kitchen and that will give a nice curve
to it
it will cut that out and and then while
we'll start gluing these up we got a bit
of going to do we got the three corners
that's six patches on each side that's a
total of twelve patches we start with
the you attack and then the another clue
trace out the side the shape
and then cut out a piece to fit and then
put on the first color contact cement
it's important to trace the shape of
that curve on the material so that you
don't put any glue outside of the lines
you got to color within the lines here
because otherwise it's going to attract
a lot of do but it stays tacky for a
long time but after putting on the first
coat on the sale material then we can
put it on the patch itself the first
coat or the first piece first layer of
of the patch it's also a good idea since
we know that you just curl from the
tests to pin this down with some push
pins it will relax after a while but you
need to do that and you need to let him
wait for about 30 to 30 minutes before
you put the second coat on that's really
the most amount of time to make any sale
is waiting for the coats of contact
cement to dry up and we've got an answer
for that later on so we do the clues
attack and the head with the second coat
of a car accident and let that dry now I
made a decision here to reinforce the
bleach with some narrow pieces
on both sides and that did not turn out
too well as you will see I cut out a
piece two inches wide and pinned it down
on the table your honor code is contact
cement and I was all set after putting a
code of contact cement on the seal
material itself on the leach to put this
together and I thought have a nice
reinforcement for the grommets and the
serve it now the camera battery died
here so we don't see the unholy mess at
Imola but believe me it was a mess
everything once you took it up it just
curled up on itself brood itself
it was completely unmanageable so we're
gonna have to do something else about
that here's what it looked like
even one of the still on the table and
still thing down it was a it was
starting to really go up on his own it
was like a frightening snake I mean this
didn't want anything to do with khlo√©'
down on another piece so we gave up on
that idea so I didn't know what to do
here exactly but as it happened I
decided to do use some white cutter
white duct tape now I know that lousy my
tone for Lowe's hey white contact white
whiter duct tape but they were out of it
but no ball there something called
translucent or transparent duct tape I
like that even better so I got some of
that it seems to have the same
reinforcement a regular duct tape has oh
no you can see through it
that's good because it done that's the
sale shine through now I love since I
already had one kind of contact cement
on one side of the leech of the lot I
decided to leave it there and put the
duct tape on top of it this will give us
a chance to find out whether it it adds
the adhesion whether it was a duct tape
really does hold very well because
there's no contact cement on the other
side and
have a chest - files I wrote it down
it's good to put a little pressure on
all this stuff
and because this does a scene here and
it's going over the scene I decided I
wanted to roll it down in two directions
so I could get as close to the same as
possible outside that's really not
necessary because there's no seam over
there it seems only on one side
obviously while I got it I put on a
couple of reinforcing patches at the
right after tack I thought it wouldn't
hurt what that in the morning what's old
is good actually later on I found a
battle readiness - same thing with the
head now I had not I decided not to put
that reinforcing material on the leech
this I thought it would stiffen it too
much and bulk it up too much but with
the transparent content okay duct tape
what you call it a contact in duct tape
that seems to be an opportunity to
reinforce reach because it's not going
to put it up a great deal and it's gonna
add that little reinforcement so it
doesn't fray
I think the Bureau coding will prevent
it from fraying but nevertheless we're
just sue not to try that out
and so we reinforce that and we
reinforce both sides now we want to put
passes on the other side of the sail and
we cut out the basic shapes and coated
and pin them down put a month sandpaper
so it doesn't stick to the table that's
it for this is contacts MN is really
tacky the old stuff used to dry fully
and you can put paper between it to put
it into its positioning this stuff
doesn't really dry and sort of cures in
seven days it's still sticky so it was a
real mess with it with the paper trial
started put the paper in between two
slightly dim position and
trying to fit these pieces in to a
cemented area also the problem but
you'll see I found a solution for that
it is important to draw this line for
the curve or for the extension of the
patch on the material so that you can
carefully Google within it now we're
going to wait for that contacts image to
draw it and while we're doing it we need
another little task so I need something
to replace the amass step for the mass
and I wanted five a trial hoist so I got
a jack stand door three holes in it
screwed it down to some plywood and use
that now when you put these patches on
it's important to keep it folded over so
you don't get that back piece in
anywhere in contact with the other coat
because it will stick instantly but once
you smooth it out run against my credits
to take your own awesome very thick now
I tried an easier way of doing this
instead of cutting it to shape just cut
it generally to size overage and stick
it down on some of them put every dollar
sandpaper and then just cut it out and
just trim it to size much easier much
faster no double measuring no trying to
position the two shaped piece on top of
a shaped area to glue to just cut it out
close to the the edge and you got it
done and there we are
nice patch
this maturity is really nice to work
with it's like soft pliable I really
like it
now here's why I had another
modification they said they put this
little corner patches on just run the
tape all the way down and and and then
the other side you'll give you area
another passion also we can put another
third piece on and have a really basic
they are splayed patch now it's time for
the gloves we need about ten Granite's
for the law firm none for the for the
foot because I like a loose loose seal
and only across ahead boo attack we do a
little practice run some multiple layers
of material and then set finger put in
the grommets using the the punch creates
the hole
we're in the granite and the washer over
it these are half-inch grunts and a
couple of whacks with a good heavy
hammer that half inch requires bit a bit
about 3/8 not so much as you'll see and
we got a government set up that's the
head all set to go
okay Dino host
not quite so fast doofus if you gotta
put in a love Grindle Saatchi grommets
here we got 10 of those to put in to put
those in punch the hole with the good
night you don't want to harder hit on
those you need a soft or resilient
surface underneath it otherwise you
wouldn't roll the punch then put in the
grommets and then bang in the with a
punch bang in the washer don't need
quite such a heavy hammer here go seat
your sweets grommets instead a half-inch
a few whacks will do it keep turning the
a punch each a quarter turn each hit no
way it just gets a nice clean cut rather
than just cutting on one side and not
the other
once we got that we're done with the
grommets this actually turned out
they're pretty nice up and say I'm no
I'm not I'm not ashamed of this sell for
a prototype that's pretty good - show
grommets at the head 3/8 sat on a locker
and it looks decent with a transparent
tape was good here's the three layers of
tape and here we have finally the hoist
now for a small boat like this the best
kind of math tubes or cable ties the
original plan as you can see if you look
back at that what's amazing and I think
fine but it capitalized a lot easier a
lot better than hoops because then dopes
will be a little theatrical on this boat
anyway because it's so small but hoops
have to you can't change them if you if
you break one you've got it take down
the whole sale and we do it all when we
bend it over there for the cable tie you
just cut it phenomenal very easy you
could cut off the I'm not done with
figuring this out so I love to details
on but you can cut those off now one of
the problems with this so as you see in
the creases is it's too blocked I
originally this did not have a block at
the top but the headmaster didn't have a
dumb chief so I've got to change that so
I can get some more hoist also I've when
I repaired this gooseneck I didn't put
an attack attack hook and also I need
more clue at all this is too tight
because I just don't have any alcohol on
it and so I can't loosen it up so we get
rid of these what those things we can
get rid of these folds and creases and I
think without producing cell
you
you