[Music]
welcome to another recipe
video Yeah welcome to another recipe
video
everybody I don't start the video yes
guys we're doing another recipe video
today and I'm really really really
really excited for this one because it
involves oats so you guys know like I'm
completely obsessed with oatmeal I love
oatmeal I'm always looking for different
ways to make oatmeal different toppings
and I wanted to try out a baked oatmeal
recipe for a really long time and now
today is the day and I'm really excited
so basically today I'm just going to I'm
just winging it I've never made it
before so I'm just kind of hoping that
it turns out I'm pretty sure it will
it's pretty simple we always do it the
first time on camera yeah so I'm
basically just going to throw into this
re recipe things that I really have been
enjoying in my oatmeal lately which will
be like dates and um frozen berries
obviously and some chopped apple and
then I'm just going to kind of spice it
up and then throw it in the oven and
hopefully it turns out and hopefully
it's yummy I've never had baked oatmeal
before have you me neither no we've
never even had baked oatmeal we've never
made baked oatmeal we're going to try it
first time right here on camera right
now let's do this so first I'm going to
soak my chia seeds in some milk you can
also do this with flax seeds if you want
instead but I really like chia seeds I
always put chia seeds in my oatmeal so
I'm going to put 2 tbspoon of chia seeds
and then I'm just going to throw in
about half of the milk that I have
measured out for the recipe and just set
those aside and let them kind of gel up
a little
bit okay so while the chia seeds are
kind of setting I'm going to chop up my
fruit that I'm going to put into my
oatmeal so I'm just going to chop up
some apple and also some menle
[Music]
dates and then in a large mixing bowl
we're going to throw together some oats
some baking powder and cinnamon mix that
up and then we're going to add all the
rest of the ingredients so um some plant
milk some extra water some Vanilla some
chopped coconut and walnuts and then our
[Music]
[Music]
fruits and I'm also going to add in a
little bit of freshly squeezed orange
juice and a little bit of orange zest as
well
[Music]
so once everything is mixed up ready to
go we're going to transfer it into a
baking dish and then we're going to
shove it in the oven
[Music]
looks like it's just fitting eh that's
so crazy I thought it was going to be
way too small saved a bit of the berries
to kind of sprinkle them on
top don't forget to wave
bye have a lovely trip
cooking I'm excited what do you expect
it to look look like but is it going to
look like a loaf or like porridge or
like it's going to look like cooked
porridge cooked oatmeal baked baked
oatmeal cuz that's what it is all right
so the oatmeal is in the oven I think
possibly halfway I might have to throw
some tin foil over top of it just to
make sure that it doesn't burn also with
this recipe you can totally change it up
I mean the base is pretty standard with
the cheese seeds the milk and the water
and the cinnamon and the baking powder
but with the fruits and the the nuts and
the seeds you can add kind of whatever
whatever you're feeling at the moment so
I just added what I totally always enjoy
in my oats and so I know that it's
definitely going to taste good and I
think once everything's baked together
all the flavors are really going to work
really well together and the apples are
going to become sweeter like every all
the fruits become a lot sweeter when
they're cooked so I'm really excited I
just hope that doesn't take long in the
oven
all right is it done it's
done
wow damn that looks good the edges did
get a little bit burnt because I should
have put foil on it halfway through but
I realized we didn't have any foil
so
voila VOA
oh it smells so
[Music]
good all right we're trying it smells
delicious the whole kitchen smells
really good going
in M tastes like a dessert
mhm tastes like apple
pie oh my
goodness
success I like
it I don't like that it takes forever to
cook but tastes really good yeah it Tes
it this took 50 minutes in the oven 5 Z
not5 5 z um but like I mean it it's so
different than cooking oats on the stove
taste a little bits of orange zest and
orange juice in there a little bit oh
that's real good you put cinnamon in it
mhm tastes that the apples are like real
good have you had a part of the date yet
I don't know I I had date in my first
bite it was really good
I can't find
any so good literally tastes like a
dessert like a like a it reminds me
almost of like apple crisp or apple
crumble yeah apple crisp that's it mhm
does take a while to make but I
think if you have all the ingredients
ready to go you just whip it together
and then throw it in the oven and then
you can get ready for work or get ready
for school or whatever while it bakes
and then take it out and you're ready to
go or you can even cook this the day
before the night before dessert for
breakfast oh I think I'm just going to
eat the whole pan that's all I'm going
to eat
today new
obsession get ready to see this a lot
more
often high five another great
success we're on a roll we're on a roll
especially doing it the first time on
camera yes very delicious very happy
also we appreciate all the pictures you
guys have been taking of all the recipes
that we made that you're taging us on
Instagram crazy there's so many it's so
nice to hear so many people are making
our recipes and just loving it it's just
amazing it's it's so cool to me cuz it's
just like I just like on camera what you
guys see I create it right then and
there for the first time praying that it
works out and then a bunch of you guys
make it and you're like it's so good and
I'm just like oh my God that's so cool
so yeah I hope you guys try out this
recipe cuz it's really really good and
like I said before you can definitely
put in whatever types of fruit whatever
types of nuts or seeds or whatever you
like and yeah it's a really great
different way of making
oats and it tastes like a fraking
dessert but it's healthy as you can
spice it up for what whatever season
that you're in so like fall you can do
like a pumpkin one in the summer you can
do like a coconut blueberry one mhm that
would be really good the pumpkin one
would be delicious there endless
varieties of Endless Options you could
have oats for breakfast lunch and dinner
every single day and never get bored
okay guys so I hope you guys enjoy this
recipe video for this wonderful baked
oatmeal I hope you guys try it out if
you
do take a picture post it on Instagram
tag us and let us know I'll put our
Instagrams over here hopefully I'll
remember this time the last time I
forgot and
yeah thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video give it a big
thumbs up let us know what you thought
in the comments down below and subscribe
if you're new to the channel and we'll
see you in the next video bye
[Music]
you close to me