hey guys what's up Serena here from
Thrift diving.com so today we are
stenciling my powder room this is a room
that we pretty much have been hands off
since we moved into this house and so I
love the look of wallpaper but I hate
wallpaper so today I'm going to show you
how I'm stenciling the top part of my
wall I'm going to put a chair rail or
just a little you know piece of wood to
kind of break it up and then we're going
to do the bottom white so stick with me
cuz I'm going to show you how to do that
and get the look of wallpaper without
wall paper just stencils stick with
me okay so the stencil that we're going
to use today is by Royal Design Studio
it's the mansion house Grill small wall
stencil this thing is beautiful guys I
love this stencil so let's get started
by just removing a few things that are
in here we're going to take the mirror
down take these pictures down wipe the
walls down with simple green something
that's going to be you know helping the
paint to adhere I'm excited this is
going to be so awesome
[Music]
so now that we've got our paint in there
we can start loading some of the paint
you just want to be careful that you
don't put too much paint on the roller
otherwise it's going to seep underneath
of the stencil and it's going to look
sloppy
[Music]
okay this is going to be challenging I
can see it
now this is scary very
scary all right this is the moment of
truth let's see how the
first stencil went
[Music]
ooh that's
pretty I love
it there is some there is a little bit
of seeping underneath of the stencil and
I think it's just because I'm using a
roller um but I'm going to go through
afterwards and I'll just kind of clean
it up with a little paint brush all
these stencils come with little places
where you're supposed to line them up
now I'm going to run into the wall here
the other wall cuz the stencil is too
big so I'm just going to be very careful
and
just try to tape this
[Music]
I just want to point out that you're
going to have to take your stencil and
you're going to have to wash it several
times while you're working on your
stencil because what's going to happen
is that after the paint starts to dry on
here it's going to start to peel off and
get really gunky so you want to take
your stencil wash it out in a bathtub
take a fine scrub brush and just gently
remove the paint so you can keep going
[Music]
all right guys so I tried to do the
inside corners and I am struggling so
I've decided instead of trying to paint
the inside Corners I'm going to trace it
with a pencil and then after I trace it
I'll go back with a small paintbrush and
I'll paint it and I'll just do it that
way there we go it's been hours already
you know what screw it screw it oh how
frustrating I
really didn't expect stencils
to so it's day two or three can't
remember which I'm exhausted because the
stencil took a lot more time than what I
thought it was going to take so we are
finally getting down to the trim so I've
painted did the
trim and I've got a little helper here
who's going to help me and he's going to
spread the Liquid Nails why did you take
it out sweet
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so we are
done you have no idea how good it feels
to be done well I'm not totally done I
still have to put some artwork on the
walls and get a new faucet but you know
what those things come with time don't
feel like you got to do everything in
like one week if you want details about
this project you can find me at thrift
diving.com if you enjoyed this project
give me a thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe because I'm always doing stuff
like this decorating on a budget so find
me next time and I'll see you then
bye my batter so pretty I think it's
bigger although I can reach out and
touch I can still reach out and touch
the wall