[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to my channel
I just got back from the gym and I'm
here with my Vitamix blender and we are
going to show you guys my top three
favorite green smoothie recipes that are
perfect for post-workout and especially
perfect for summer time just around the
corner green smoothies are a great way
to get in Your Greens obviously they're
especially great because the blender
pulverizes them down into a liquid that
is easily digested and absorbed into
your body so you get all of the
nutrients and minerals and antioxidants
and phytochemicals in the green
vegetables and what's awesome about
smoothies as opposed to juicing is that
you get all of the fiber intact whereas
juicing gets rid of all the fiber and
you're just drinking liquid these
recipes are all vegan and gluten-free
and packed with tons of nutrients and
anti-cancer compounds that will leave
you feeling super healthy and refreshed
and and ready to take on your
day so let's get into the video the
first smoothie I'm going to show you
guys is one near and dear to my heart I
used to drink the smoothie every single
day for breakfast it is so simple and so
delicious all you need really is three
main ingredients for this smoothie you
need
some bananas I already have some of
these pre frozen in the freezer so I'm
going to use frozen ones and you always
want to make sure your bananas are nice
and spotty because that's when they're
at their Peak ripness next you're going
to need some leafy green vegetable of
your choice I'm using baby spinach
because it has a lot milder flavor than
if I were to use Kale the last thing
you're going to need is some chocolaty
unsweetened cocoa powder of your choice
I'm using chocolate hemp protein powder
I found this at Trader Joe's and usually
I would use unsweetened cocoa but since
this is a postwork workout smoothie I'm
using protein powder you could use any
chocolatey protein powder of your choice
and lastly you're going to need either
milk substitute of your choice or water
I'm going to be using the soy milk today
to make it extra creamy so first I'm
going to start out with my non-dairy
milk right into the blender I'm going to
do about a half a cup oh we're all out
of milk great I'm just going to do a
splash of water to add more liquid in
there next I'm going to add in my
spinach I like to use about a half a bag
when I make smoothies so that's two cups
of
greens and you pack it all the way in
the bottom so it gets Blended up first
and you don't get any chunks in there
next I'm going to add in this is the
chocolate hemp protein powder these are
my frozen bananas I already had pre
Frozen I'm going to put
in two
bananas and you could do more if you
want it to be more
sweet a little bit more let's
[Music]
go oh yeah M delicious taste like a
chocolatey creamy milkshake you would
never know there's spinach in here all
right moving on to the next one next I'm
going to show you guys how to make a
tropical green smoothie for this one
you're going to need some bananas some
frozen pineapple some frozen mango
chunks for this one I'm going to use
Kale because this is going to be the
sweetest recipe so I'm going to use the
more pungent greens you can use whatever
kale you want and to ensure that you
cannot taste a hint of kale I'm going to
be blending it with with orange juice to
give it that extra sweetness another
type of juice that works great in this
recipe is apple juice or apple cider it
is so sweet literally makes the Smoothie
tastes like candy you could also just
blend it with water if you don't want
the extra juice calories so first I'm
going to take my kale and put it in the
bottom of the smoothie I mean the
blender I never measured these before I
usually just wing it I'm going to make
it two
cups I think we need about like a cup
like I said I don't measure I'm going to
use only a half of a banana and you can
put the rest in your freezer and save it
for
later smells weird that's about a cup of
Frozen mango and next I'm going to use
my pineapple chunks pineapple is so
sweet that it masks the green flavor
like so well I'm going to use I like a
cup again since this one we're using
more Frozen you might need more liquid
to blend it up easier so it's not so
thick let's blend her
up all right let's give her a taste
test
M this one's so yummy it literally
tastes like candy oh my gosh mango and
pineapple and banana combined with the
OJ is makes this such a sweet
combination that it masks the pungent
kale all right we got one more smoothie
recipe left it's going to be mango
strawberry raspberry deliciousness for
this one I'm going to be using butter
lettuce and butter lettuce is super mild
and sweet it's actually so good you can
just eat it like plain it's
like so good you could just use like
spinach and all these recipes but it's
really good for you if you're going to
be doing a lot of green smoothies to
rotate what greens you use because
obviously each green vegetable has
different minerals and nutrients in them
so it's good to get a variety I'm going
to put it right in the bottom it's about
half of a probably over half a bag for
the liquid you could use water in this
but I'm going to use
OJ about a cup of OJ this one calls for
strawberries about like a half a cup of
strawberries going to blend it up with
some frozen
mangoes what makes this recipe so
special is it's going to have a nice
tart sour but sweet flavor from
raspberries about like a half a cup of
these let's do a little more oh let's
blender up
[Music]
I love how it maintained its pink color
it didn't turn green it's so
pretty it's so delicious if you guys
have try green smoothies and the spinach
or kale is just too overpowering for you
definitely try butter lettuce it has
such a milder flavor and you can just
add in a little bit at a time this one
is so good and so summery and refreshing
and it's beautiful and pink you could
give this to your kids if you want to
hide some greens in their drinks well
there you guys go three delicious
refreshing and super healthy green
smoothies that are perfect for summer
let me know in the comments which one
was your favorite and which one you guys
are most likely to try out I'll see you
guys next video
[Music]
bye uh h