everybody turn on Henry's houses on the
shade hand make Hungarian beef goulash
let's get straight into it alright guys
so we're gonna start off with one brown
onion so just slice through the middle
and all we want to do is cross with us
not too fine now we'll zoom across one
green capsicum slice through the middle
take out the stem and the seeds
and just like our onion we want to chop
this once again not too far just little
pieces like
all right moving on to us so just into a
pot we're gonna add about 3 tablespoons
of olive oil and I'm gonna add in about
600 grams of pasta bake chop and we
basically just want a brown hoppy
[Music]
season with a pinch of salt and about
half a teaspoon of white pepper now once
you're beat house off the ground we're
gonna go ahead and add in our onion and
capsicum
and just mix that through
adding about two crushed garlic cloves
and basically we just want to cook down
our onion and capsicum now with our baby
after about four to five minutes your
onion capsicum should have softened up a
little bit at this point we're gonna add
in two tablespoons of sweet paprika now
you can't have Hungarian food without
paprika and we'll meet step through two
next we're adding two tablespoons of
tomato Pez we just want to mix that
four-letter tomato paste to cook just a
little bit next I'm gonna add a 400
ground can of diced tomatoes 3 bay
leaves and we're gonna top this all up
with 2 cups of beef stock if you prefer
to go ahead and use chicken stock just
give that all the good mix now we're
gonna lower our heat to medium place the
lid on top we just want to simmer this
for about an hour to an hour and a half
so we'll come back in an hour and check
on all right guys so it's been an hour
and 15 minutes so far as you can see
it's a completely thick about and we
have an on speaks true so what we're
gonna do at this stage is go ahead and
turn our head off and we're ready to
serve so that's what I'm gonna do is
place our spiral pasta on the bottom
that goulash is something that can prima
do with anything so pulse is very common
mashed potatoes salad especially rice as
well so it's really up to you your base
is up here
and now we'll top it off with our
goulash
because now we can take another step
further and just add a dollop of sour
cream or even yogurt on top and there we
have a complete perfect meal I hope you
like that guys please like and subscribe
got any comments or suggestions just
leave them at the bottom and I'll see
you all next time