hi ray Haydon here and this is gonna be
my video everyday in April episode
number 29 it's also gonna be a follow-up
to a video I made previously and now is
the perfect time for me to be able to
get this done because of our imminent
move out of the neighborhood the
previous video had to do with removing
those plastic covers that melih mine
covering on cabinetry doors now the
hardtop the Formica countertop here this
was the color of the cabinet doors or
the cabinet doors had been the color of
the countertop it made a little bit
darker in a room but more importantly
the melamine plastic stuff was getting
it was damaged it was cracked and
chipped and stuff like that so I started
looking bad and who wants to look at
that so we could have replaced it with
melamine serves it means basically I
could it was went to the store give them
the measurements and everything and just
buy replacement melamine glue it back on
the other problem is there's cats in the
office and Pablo Picasso artiste that he
is was chipping away at the mellah mine
as well so with that it's like well what
am I gonna do I mean they're gonna get
hardwood hardwood cabinet doors or
something that's cat proof in some way
shape or form or I'm going to save a
fortune and try painting the doors
myself now underneath the melamine is
MDF board if I have that right somebody
correct me if I'm wrong but I wanted to
see if I could just simply sand it prime
it you know prep it up paint it with a
primer that is flat white to see if I
even like the idea in the first place
because if this worked for me I was
gonna save probably tens of thousands of
dollars and I like that idea now there
may be the caveat up front I'm and talk
about some product name-brand stuff here
nobody's paying me for my opinion
nobody's sponsoring my channel no this
is not a paid advertisement in any way
shape or form but I'm certainly open for
sponsorship and you know big bags of
money but anyways that's going to talk
about kills too this is a water-based
priming product it's water-based like I
said it's easy to clean up I've got a
lot of experience with you with using
this product so and I knew that it dried
dead flat white so I wanted to make sure
I was using that the reason for it is
once I sanded and prepped the MDF board
that I was gonna have to prime it that's
gonna have to prime it anyway why not go
ahead and use the kills to kill too
kills two birds with one stone it's
gonna dry dead flat white and pry my
doors in case I decided to go that route
so I did I went ahead and used it
basically I just took my six inch roller
okay that roller had a little corner
piece on it it was still furry and stuff
so could help me get into these little
these little designer cutout things here
and help me get the job done I was able
to paint this thing up in like no time
whatsoever and then the idea the plan
was to sit on it for about a week maybe
two weeks see if I liked it and the
bottom was is at the bottom line is I
loved it absolutely positively love love
love the flat white paint the look it
was fantastic is very bright light airy
in here just everything I wanted and
more and it saved me a fortune okay so
thank you kills too very much for that
the other thing was that because of our
imminent move because we're moving it
points north in Florida
my wife strongly suggested that we go
ahead with a semi-gloss white paint so
we went over to the Home Depot store the
big box Home Depot store here and we
picked up this bear paint and this is
bear it's an interior semi-gloss enamel
now enamel doesn't mean oil-based enamel
means it dries hard okay it's a latex
paint it's water-based it's easy to
clean up and you know it loves the
planet it's got a little green thing
down here it loves the planet Earth just
like the rest of us anyway so with that
we decided to go ahead with this now let
me talk about one thing else I had to
deal with your because you'll notice
there's no doors right here right now
this is raw MDF board right here so when
it's at the melamine surfacing off this
is what I was looking at all the doors
were 100% discolor and even though I
finished coated this part of it I
haven't even done this like a little
designer corner part yet and the reason
for that is I couldn't get into it I
couldn't get without removing the doors
I couldn't even reach that but let me
talk about something else - this is a
Formica countertop the box
okay the box all the way around there's
a spacer here and there's four sides of
the box now a little half inch or 3/4
inch whatever this thing and this spacer
over here these were also Formica so I
had to sand those up pry them up with
the kills to prime them up and get them
geared up to accept the semi-gloss paint
because if you
don't do this then those unpainted
surfaces behind there
peek through and when you open the door
they're gonna scream at you hey how you
doing nobody painted me so in order to
make things look more uniform and look
more professional and because we are
moving we decided to go ahead and paint
them up because we love the way they
look I absolutely positively love the
way the flat white looked I am okay I'm
fine really in all honesty with the
semi-gloss white it bounces light around
the kitchen makes everything nice open
and airy and everything's pretty much
fine and dandy as far as that goes but I
just wanted to follow up it was very
easy to paint these again they were
painted with kills to primed up and
everything they've been primed for a
while all I have to do is give them a
light sanding and then I put on three
coats of paint I use three coats of
paint for the finish product on the
doors alright and as far as oh I want to
do want to talk about one more thing and
I'm gonna end this video here is this is
the hardware that holds the door on it's
kind of that funny thing let me go back
to the door here if you look at this
from the side a little bit hopefully you
can see that it's a kind of a cup and
the cup goes in this hole alright so
this thing kind of holds the door steady
so if I was to put this thing on okay it
lines up with the screw holes and
everything obviously this is the wrong
door but if I put that on there nice and
steady I can get my screws started and I
can get the door on without doing any
damage to what I'm doing alright we push
this back a little bit here now what I'm
talking about here specifically is that
I'm working alone alright so when I open
up this door and everything there's two
pieces of hardware here and here just
like on this side and I need to pull
that door off I'm doing it solo so
basically I loosen up the four screws
alright my screwdriver I loosen up the
four screws and here they are up here
they're short too right so it doesn't
take a long way to get to zero on that
one right they're gonna come out pretty
quick so I loosen them up all of them
okay I'll loosen up all four of the
screws first alright then I start taking
them out from the bottom up and the
reason why I do that is kind of leaned
the door cuz as you loosen them up
they're gonna get pushed off of that cup
there that's actually holding the door
up and even the heaviest door is light
enough for me to hold if I have that
little cup thing kind of hanging on
alright so that allows me to be able to
work Sol
we'll get the job done and I pull the
doors off and then I can go around and
touch up the parts of the door that I
could not reach because of the hardware
okay the heart the door when the door
opens up think it opens up and you can't
reach this and when the door is closed
and it's next to another door Volvo this
side here I could probably reach and
this side here I could reach but I
really can't finish it up in fine detail
and make it look nice and professional
all right even the top I only just
really have the the primer on there
right now
so just another light sanding finish
coat the whole thing and we're cooking
with gas
another very very important thing I
labeled this one here is door number one
door number one okay
the doors are actually almost all
different sizes of the doors that I've
pulled off so far and the ones that are
finished coded have the hardware back on
them already so that I would be able to
pretty much know which door goes where
why risk it why try to put the wrong
door on the wrong thing and didn't have
to pull it back off and put it somewhere
else
number your doors put a piece of blue
tape on there on the back of the door
that's not going to get painted put the
piece of tape on there get the job done
even this door here has a number on it
this door number four all right which is
back over there on the other side of the
camera above the microwave oven so with
that I hope this video has been helpful
if you have any more questions about
what I did how I did and why I did it I
did it the way I did by all means
drop comments below give this video a
big thumbs up don't leave without it
you've been at big thumbs up I approve
not only that if you haven't already
subscribed to my channel because YouTube
really makes it mandatory that we have
subscribers do me a favor go down there
and hit that subscribe button and that's
and the big thumbs up make comments
below and until I catch you in the next
video take care and be well