if you have furniture that's maybe
stained or maybe ripped
well how about saving yourself some
money instead of going out and buying
new furniture how about getting it
recovered and for a great price because
I'm here at Tempe sales and this is
Stacey who's well Tempe sales so I hear
you have some smoking deals when it
comes to fabric sure do we have a lot of
discount fabrics here from fabric so
we've liquidated from stores we bought
out then wire prices are so low an
example is our dollar in a three dollar
room we have fabrics for upholstery $3
and Draper's for one dime okay
per yard per yard okay now you say when
customers come in here that's the first
place they go that's a bathroom that's
our fun room and then we have a lot of
other fabrics that we call running lines
here and they may be a little bit more
expensive but we will beat anybody's
price in the valley
okay so plus you're saying that one of
your more popular fabric yes it's a
microfiber how much you sell that we
sell that for twelve a yard and in other
stores you'd probably be paying 15 to
say $20 a yard
I also noticed that you had some phones
so people can create pillows not only
for recovering their furniture but they
can do pillows everything correct
pillows bed foam we cut it to size for
no charge you buy the phone we do it
will cut it for you for free okay just
bring in your cushions but you'd have to
read stuff it yourselves okay addition
to that you sell the tools to be able to
do it I love all the upholstery supplies
that you would need here from taking
staples out to put in staples back in so
we have all of that and plus we have an
upholstery on site here if you don't
want to knock it out yourself we have
somebody on site here well I love it
Stacy total win-win it is okay well I
wish I would have known that before I
gave away my couch if you would like
more information of Tempe sales or the
location you can always check that out
on our website for the ABC 15.com flash
smart shopper I'm Daphne Munroe you're
smart