hi i'm ally with the potomac bee company
and i'm going to explain to you how to
use a caliper this caliper is a brass
caliper we also sell plastic ones that
are pretty inexpensive and what the
caliber is going to help you do is
determine the size of your beads so if
you need specific size for your project
and you're looking at it or you want to
reorder a bead that you're looking at if
it's not on your invoice or you're not
sure exactly what size it is you can put
it in the caliper we use this a lot of
people bring beads in and they're
looking to match it or are looking for
the same size bead in a different
type we use the caliper a lot so the
caliper is in millimeters here at the
bottom and in inches at the top
so that way you can use it for both most
things in the bead world are going to
use millimeters and what i'm going to do
is figure out the size of beads that i'm
working with so if you look here it has
these little dashes the higher dashes
are going to be fives and then the tens
twenties thirties they're marked off
when i put the bead in here i put it
right in
and it's gonna read off exactly what it
is so this one here is a six millimeter
bead and you can see the line lines up
right past the five into a six i can
keep that closed it'll stay in place or
i can open it back up simply by pushing
it to the left closing it up and i can
tell that this is an eight millimeter
bead because it's right at the eight
line so it's a handy tool to have again
we use it a lot in order to help
customers out to know exactly what size
they need or what size they have so it's
a nice little handy tool and it does
come in the plastic as well as the brass
i like the brass better
it just does cost a little bit more
you