hey folks Philly boy Jay here with
another recipe today I'm going to be
showing you guys how to make shrimp
fetuccini
Alfredo from
scratch this is actually Cajun shrimp
fetuccini Alfredo cuz we're going to be
using some Cajun
seasoning what you're going to do first
is get a pot you going to fill it up
with water and you're going to place the
pot over High
heat
okay and we're going to wait
until the water come to a boil you and
then we're going to add our feta cheny
noodles meanwhile what we're going to do
is allow our shrimp to soak in some
water we want to Tha them
out and we're using
uncooked deined
shrimp make sure they're uncooked and
make sure that they are
devain so let them sit in that water and
Tha out and now that our water has come
to a boil you we're going to add our
feta Cheney noodles and we're going to
boil you them for
about 10
minutes it should take about 10 minutes
all right so press them down into the
pot and we're going to let them cook
all
right so we're going to let them cook
until they're done and now what we're
going to do is we're going to focus on
our shrimp now that that th out and
we're going to remove the skin and we're
going to remove the Tails now if you
don't have shrimp that are already
deined you are not going to only remove
the skin and the tail but you're going
to remove the nasty stuff okay so here
are my shrimp after removing the skin
and the Tails and what we're going to do
is we're going to add our seasoning what
I like to use is some mince garlic I
don't use too much of
that so use some minced garlic and for
the full recipe visit my website at
phillyjaycooking.com all the
measurements and detailed instructions
can be found there we're going to be
using some cian seasoning and some black
pepper and then we're going to massage
the seasonings in look at that it smell
absolutely delicious and the reason why
I don't add salt is because Cajun
seasoning already has salt in it all
right so that's the way you want your
shrimp to look well seasoned here's our
fetuccini noodles after 10
minutes what we're going to do now is
we're going to go ahead and we're going
to drain the
water okay so drain the water and then
set your noodles
aside now we're going to focus on frying
our
shrimp okay and we're not going to be
cooking them for long what you're going
to do is you're going to get your
Skillet you're going to place your
Skillet over high
heat we are not going to be cooking
these for long time okay you're going to
cook these for a very short period of
time so you're going to place it over
high heat then you're going to add your
margarine or your butter I like to use
butter and we're going to
add half of shrimp at a time so don't
add all of them at once because they're
going to produce a lot of juice so just
add half at a time so add half of your
batch of shrimp and then you're going to
add your second have once these are done
all right so you're only going to fry
them for a few seconds on each
side say about 15 seconds or so on each
side and then you're going to remove
them and set them aside in the bowl
until
later
okay and I love the Cajun the Cajun
really gives the shrimp a nice flavor if
you don't have Cajun seasoning you can
use Old Bay Seasoning but you will need
salt if you use old B so now we're going
to make our alfredo sauce this is
personally my favorite part you want to
get a pot you want to place a pot over
low heat you're going to add your
margarine or butter and once it begins
to melt you're going to add your cream
whipping cream okay now you can
use evaporated milk or a half and half
if you want those are other options just
in case you don't have any whipping
cream just want to let you guys know
that and now we're going to add our
shredded parmesan
cheese and what we're going to do is
we're going to stir this in we're going
to let it simmer we're going to allow it
to simmer until it gets to a nice
consistency for the details for this
part of the recipe make sure that you
visit my website like I told you visit
phillyjaycooking.com
okay and there you will find all the
additional instructions that you need to
know as it pertains to the Alfredo sauce
but you're going to stir it in and this
is on low heat
still going to stir really
well all right and then after that we're
going to raise the heat to high heat and
we're going to cook it for a little
while on high heat we don't cook it very
long we don't want the cream or milk to
simmer down too low because we want the
sauce to be on the runny side because
it's going to stiffen up when it cool
off
okay what we're going to do now that our
alfredo sauce is complete is we're going
to add our fet Chini
noodles we're going to add them to the
pot of sauce and that's another reason
why you want your sauce to be on the
runny side because as I said when the
air hits it like when you put in the
refrigerator and save something for
later or when you just cut the fire off
and it cools down it thickens up but the
noodles and the shrimp absorb some of
the sauce as well so you don't want it
to be dry so we're going to add our
noodles and our shrimp and we're going
to fold the sauce and look at that
fet
Alfredo look at it
h now if you can't eat shrimp because
you're allergic to Seafood you can add
broccoli or you can add chicken or you
can add chicken and broccoli I eat it
like that sometime
too look at that alfredo sauce look at
the
sauce look at the sauce this is some of
the best the best fi
Alfredo that I ever had in my life and
that you're ever going to taste in your
life don't nobody make it like this now
we're going to Plate it we're going to
Plate it but that look
amazing I still have some in the fridge
about to go get some
now look at the sauce and I'm using a
fork because it's so hard to Plate the
noodles with a big plastic spoon but
look at that guys this was really really
good it's amazing give this recipe a
shot you are going to love it this is
Philly boy J's version of fedini off
freid
of but look at
that and as you can see is not as runny
now because the noodles absorb a lot of
the sauce we're going to add our
shrimp and just for those of you who may
want to know if you are not using
uncooked shrimp but you're using shrimp
that have already been cooked just make
sure that you season the shrimp but
instead of frying them you just add them
to the sauce and the noodles all right
so just add them last you don't got to
fry them or nothing like that just add
the seasoning like we did here but add
the shrimp last because you cannot cook
or recook rather already cooked shrimp
because it's going to come out really
chewy and overcooked all right so if
you're
using cooked shrimp shrimp that have
already been cooked just add that last
to the sauce and the noodles just fold
it in all right we want to add a little
bit of parsley flakes for decoration
purposes and look at that and instead of
using parsley flakes sometime what I use
is some scans for decoration purposes
can chop them up into really really fine
pieces and sprinkle that on top
but this is really really good I hope
you guys enjoy it this is Philly boy J
showing you guys how to make Cajun
Shrimp fedini Alfredo peace