guys so I'm gonna make a small batch of
detergent from my white clothes I'm
using Clorox controlled bleach crystals
and cascade complete okay so I poured
both products in here now I'm just gonna
mix it you want to make sure you're
wearing gloves so you're probably like
wondering why I'm using dish soap the
reason why I'm using is because it lifts
away oil and dirt and grease so it works
really well with the white another
product that you can use on top of this
solution is vinegar you can just add a
little bit of vinegar to your wash cycle
done mixing it thing you're going to
want to pour it into a canister you
might want to buy a canister that has a
rubber seal in it so it doesn't dry out
on you okay
so this is the finished product here and
just gonna close it tightly there you go
so the Clorox came with a little cap you
can always use this to scoop up the
product so only use this product on
white clothes only and you also want to
add your regular laundry detergent to
this product thanks for watching guys