[Music]
whenever I think of Valentine's Day I
think of chocolate chocolate cookies
candies cupcakes souffles but how about
a chocolate martini
I'm sugar and you're watching cooking
with sugar TV and today I'm going to
show you how to make a beautiful
chocolate martini you could serve it
before dinner or after dinner and it's
really super simple to even make for
parties
[Music]
today's recipe is for my viewers who are
21 and over but if you want to make this
a virgin cocktail you could just leave
out the vodka here are the ingredients
we're gonna need to make this martini
you're gonna need some chocolate wafer
cookies some chocolate syrup I like to
use some chocolate vodka this is the
whipped vodka and some chocolate milk
you're also going to need a martini
shaker and a martini glass
and that's it we're going to be using
the cookies to put around the rim of the
glass so before we do that we have to
break them and the easiest way to do
that is to just do it in a little ziploc
bag with a hammer
using the ziplock bag just helps you
prevent the cookies from flying all over
the place when you break them now I'm
gonna take these cookie crumbs and just
put them on my plate and I'm gonna just
drizzle those all around the plate cuz
this is gonna coat my glass once you
have you cookies chopped and placed in
your plate then you're gonna do the
syrup in another plate and you're just
gonna want to trim right around the
plate like that with the syrup now
you're gonna take your martini glass and
you're gonna dip it in the syrup
first make sure you twirl it all around
like that
[Music]
you see that and then we're gonna dip it
into the crumbs and that's gonna help us
pick up all those crumbs and you can
make these ahead of time and put them in
the freezer if you're having them for a
party if you're just making one or two
you could just make it right on the fly
and you see how beautiful that looks now
I'm gonna take the syrup and I'm gonna
drizzle it inside the glass and I'm just
gonna turn the glass as I do that see
how pretty that is it almost looks like
stained glass and that's ready for our
martini now my glass is beautiful so
it's time to make the cocktail we're
gonna start by taking a shaker full of
ice and then we're gonna add two ounces
of the chocolate whipped vodka and two
ounces of the chocolate milk and that's
it shake it up over ice pour it in that
beautiful glass and you have yourself a
super delicious chocolate martini
so here is my vodka a chocolate milk
[Music]
give it a good shake okay
now this can be a little messy get my
napkin here
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
mosa let me so so yummy
[Music]
ice-cold
chocolatey beautiful it's perfect for
Valentine's Day let's take a taste
[Music]
ooh
oh it's so good wait till you try this
that chocolate whipped vodka is good by
itself mix it with the chocolate milk
and the yummy cookies you can't go wrong
for more recipes like this be sure to
log on to my website at cooking with
sugar calm and if you're not subscribed
to my youtube channel be sure to
subscribe
oh and make sure you share me on
Facebook and be sure to pin this recipe
because I know people are gonna love it
so I hope all of you have a wonderful
Valentine's Day and I just want you to
know I love all of you and I appreciate
your feedback and your support if it
wasn't for your support I wouldn't be
doing any of these videos so have a
wonderful Valentine's Day
[Music]
what really you can always fight with up
somewhere
fear of a rating of America loser
[Music]