hey everyone's James fun foods and today
I'm gonna show you how to make this dr.
pepper jelly so keep watching and I'll
show you step by step how to make this
now the first thing we want to do is
start off with a large pot and to that
we're gonna add four cups of dr. pepper
soda once you've added the 4 cups of dr.
pepper soda we're going to take this
bring this over to stove we're gonna
bring it up to a boil and once it starts
boiling we'll boil for five minutes
[Music]
alright now that our Dr Pepper has
started to boil we're going to set our
timer for 5 minutes and let it boil
rapidly for 5 minutes alright now that
that has boiled for 5 minutes we are
gonna turn our heat off and bring it
over to our workstation now what we got
to do is stir in our pectin and this is
called sure gel and we're just gonna
stir this in let me open this up first
I'm just gonna use one whole pouch
[Music]
this is what's going to be used to
really thicken up our soda can really
help it become gel now just stir this in
really good now once that started really
good we gotta add four cups of sugar to
this and I'm just gonna stir it in as I
go it may seem like a lot of sugar but
that's what jelly is it's a lot of sugar
a lot of it will dissolve as we heat it
up now we're gonna bring this back to
the stove and we're going to heat it up
and when it gets to a boil we're going
to boil for two minutes now while our
dr. pepper jelly is heating up for its
last little leg there what I'm going to
do is prepare our glasses or jars and
what I've done was I have this pot here
it's a very large pot and it's filled
with very hot water I'm just gonna put
these glasses in there it's fine if
they're down better if they're standing
up and you don't want it to be boiling
but you want to be very hot so I'm gonna
put it on the stove I'm going to keep it
nice and hot but not boiling and next
for our lids they come in these two
parts one is kind of the screw part and
the other is the seal we're also going
to do the same thing with these these as
we did with the jars which is put them
in just the lid part we're gonna put
those in the hot water and this I just
have a saucepan and put this on the
stove keep it nice and warm but not
boiling
now after this has been boiling for two
minutes straight we're gonna take it off
the heat let it cool down a little bit
before we transfer it into our jars so
at this stage I've let my jelly now
cooled down just a little bit ever so
slightly not too much and we still need
a liquid state so we can fill our jars
so I've taken my jars out of its hot
water and we're just gonna fill these up
I have a funnel here just to make it a
little easier now of course if you're
doing this with fruit or something
you're gonna want to make the funnel a
little thicker but since we're doing it
with soda doesn't need to be as thick I
am gonna ladle it out just to be on the
safe side oh you know what let's pour it
I have these gloves we can pour it so
I'm just gonna pour it using these
gloves that I have one
[Music]
and we're gonna fill it all the way up
to the top line just right about there
there'll be a line if you have the ball
glasses and like so be careful this is
gonna be very hot so be careful handling
it now this was enough to make two full
jars and one of these small jars at this
stage is a good idea to take a damp
cloth or something and wipe the lid
because we need to make sure we have a
nice good seal take our lid place it
right on there and screw it on
[Music]
now just bring back your large pot of
hot water and we're gonna stick these in
there and it works better if you have
one of those devices that you can lower
them all in there one at a time but I
don't have one
carefully put them in and we are going
to bring this over to the stove and
bring it to a boil now of course you can
put this jelly on just about anything
you like you can put it on a peanut
butter jelly sandwich where you're using
dr. pepper jelly instead of your normal
jelly crate for strawberry or whatever
that's boring right
we want to use dr. pepper jelly because
it's fun what I'm going to do is I just
have this egg oh I made and I'm gonna
put some dr. pepper jelly on Diego and
see how that tastes
and as you see it spreads along just
like any normal jelly whether it's grape
jelly strawberry it doesn't matter it's
pretty much the same but it's gonna
taste even better so I got all the nooks
and crannies filled with my dr. pepper
jelly now we just need a taste test well
now some fruit taste test I'm gonna bite
into my egg oh that has dr. pepper jelly
on it so I can't wait to see how this
tastes
good if you like dr. pepper you're gonna
love this so if you decide to make this
for yourself let me know in the comments
below what you put it on whether you put
it on my eggo whether you put it on a
peanut butter another sandwich
Banquo whatever you do just read it in
comments let me know well thanks
everyone for watching I hope you enjoyed
watching me make this dr. pepper jelly
is a lot of fun making it and it tastes
it amazing so I hope you get a chance to
make it for yourself and as always if
you make it for yourself please share it
with me on any of my social media fun
foods whitey also please hit that big
like button and hit that big red
subscribe button if you're not very
subscribed you new videos every week I'm
going to be posting more videos more
often than usual not just once a week
but at least two maybe three times a
week so check back often and the best
way to do that has hit that little Bell
notification so you'll be notified when
I put a new video out for now check out
some of the videos I have off to the
side and until then I'll see you next
time