okay these are my ingredients for Scotch
plank ax okay airdrops cons that's what
I know the mass and in here I've got 100
grams of caster sugar in here I've got
200 grams of self-raising flour you can
use plain or self resin it doesn't
really matter
two eggs and a good two splashes of milk
I'm gonna wrap all this up and on head
out to the woods so that's myself now
I'm wearing a brand new gothic jacket
well Mac tightwad sent me got the pants
to match - sir you have big thanks to
him and my only goal on this trip is to
go out on max Scotch pancakes on the
fire so you've seen all the ingredients
I'm gonna head out mix them up with my
zebra con and show you what I'm gonna
cook come on I'm just heading down the
river now I've got the afternoon off
works can't go fishing because I'll show
you why shortly so yeah plod nod I'm
also checking out the quality of my new
camera check it out
sharpness
all the lower parts of the waterways now
start to flood all over you've got an
excessive amount of rain in the last 24
up 30 hours so you seeds just flown in
now so these lower parts are quite
dangerous it's time yeah
definitely not fishing
a lot of vegetation starting to die down
now
you know the mountain this will just be
ground will renounce war coming and wash
it all away
some of the going down very soon I just
see it shining through the clouds over
laughs nice to get fired on before dark
there's a anomaly just walk across that
in trainers that's the log bit that
we're gonna have to cross just cuz yeah
there's nowhere to cross it laughs it's
just it's really deep but and the
Philosopher's lust it's like a tube
so what achiever I'm actually really
impressed with this can actually see and
I got across SEF it's a bit wobbly like
to move since last year but across dry
I'm gonna look for some firewood
come out this is another slip we're
through here here's a old fire
pit of mine from summer there's that
they've got all the what rocks have even
washed away
so yeah that's gonna completely just be
under water within weeks I'd say like
but we'll keep a check on it and see
where pop down another little deer trip
another little push to all the other
comes to make sure they're all rice cuz
this has recently been washed up by the
looks of it all the little channel wears
through it by the main vegetation stared
fine and then the Lord down it's washed
been washed out
is the inner island completely swamped
it's a stream going through at that side
and it's just all very very wet and
sodden I still found no location to make
my pancakes yet but it is on the top of
my priority people the very top of our
priority
no one ever said that was easy firewood
you drive on that I really wanna burn
but I can't getting cook food just help
her eat
I wanna make some pancakes
that's my fire finally it's like - to me
is not even that from the bit person
which I've got my firewood where did you
see me climb out onto its like a path
around the inside where a lot of trees
are grown for sure deliver so yeah just
bring scruff and firewood from there
just like pack of fire lighters 90 pens
just everything's just fluid this is
literally the highest spot of this
island is my fire and that the rivers
there and the flood flood veins come
through here and over yonder where the
old tripodi's
you
Debra come on and whenever coffee while
I'm wearing on my fire getting to
sufficient ashes just because I want
them to be right and I want to control
the heat good I'll probably push all
this aside and just cook on the bear
rush just because I don't really want
any flames I just want hot scorch and
heat underneath it and I'm almost sure
that this waters risen since I've been
here
no problem I'm gonna get this coffee out
of here cool that's ever come down and
make this mix-up
simple flower
my sugar
brought three exits cancer growth one
don't know ever there was no casualties
so 2x
oh boy
milk I can't even put my knees on the
ground cause of foot of the tree mother
there's a poodle
now you get a lot of people that they
put all this food good the recipes
biscotti pancakes but this is the way
our life in doing that's pretty much a
nice thickness so it spreads out once it
hits the pan
[Applause]
so there's a better clothes without my
my white completely dozen on it
so I'll move the fireside nice bed of
ashes here this bad boy on and get that
nice and hot
and it's not gonna tackle on either oh
yeah
don't think this was hot enough you know
okay oh no it is it is it is
smaller one here
oh yes
oh yes oh my god oh look at the color
you perfect perfect
Scotch pancake you
look at the color shine on that oh no
fire doesn't explode onto money under my
new Scotch pancakes
oh that's a bit
that is awesome
come to the side
and get me a giant one on the girl
Oh smell amazing amazing
hahaha Wow oh yes that is a thing of
beauty
oh it's loose
ah-ha-ho yes
nice
walks by head touch your awesome