today I'm going to show you a quick
video on how to make your own insect
repellant spray just a few ingredients
are needed a lot of which you probably
already have at home and then some
essential oils I order mine for a
mountain rose herbs calm and I'll put a
link below
so first I have here a little funnel
that will make this a little bit easier
and then I'm reusing a spray bottle that
I had I'm going to add two tablespoons
of olive oil and then two tablespoons of
rubbing alcohol you can also use vodka
or witch hazel
next you're going to want to add a
hundred drops total of essential oils so
I'm going to do 25 drops of each since I
picked four different essential oils
that I'm using I'm using rosemary
lavender tea tree and lemon those are
all really well known to repel
mosquitoes and other insects you can
also use cedar wood citronella or
peppermint
so once I have all those added I'm going
to put the lid back on and mix it up
really well you're going to want to
shake this before each use since there
is oil in it it will kind of separate
the other ingredients and just spray it
on your arms and legs I use this for my
son and we've been using it for a while
we haven't got bit so it's really
working so thanks so much for watching
if you want to see a lotion or a cream
bug repellent I have a version of that
that I just posted and I will link it
below thanks so much for watching guys
see you in my next one bye
you