hi this is Rena from the cheese thief
comm and today I'm going to show you how
to make an ombre piece of fondant so you
have two colored pieces of fondant and
make it ombre like this so I did this
before and I came out really long so I
was trying to troubleshoot it and see
why it came out Long's I have two pieces
and I started out with long pieces now
and hopefully when I fold them over they
don't get so long so I'm going to cut
triangles out of these pieces a triangle
and I'm going to piece them together
like this and I'm not connecting them
really I'm just kind of putting them
next to each other and let me try this I
have never tried it like this before
when I take the piece that I cut off and
then kind of make a trapezoid so on this
side I took it and I put the opposite
end so it's kind of like a trapezoid if
you think if you look at it like that
not a trapezoid it's a parallelogram I
need to go back to geometry I think it's
a parallelogram I know I'll get comments
and someone will correct me so I
actually did well in geometry though so
I'm going to put them back like this so
do you see that
but all these extra pieces over here -
don't want to waste anything let's cut
that at the top because it'll be easier
to see so now that I have that I'm going
to remove that because it really made
sense I am going to fold the light
colors together and then I'm going to
fold up so like this I'm just going to
take it up and I'm going to line it with
the top so let me show you like that I'm
gonna hold like I'm just going to tilt
it just slightly so I did it straight
and then I moved it a little the more
you move it this way the less the more
white you'll have in the more blue
you'll have so so there and then my
rolling pin I'm going to roll this piece
and then once that's rolled together
I'm going to go again and fold it in
half again
keep rolling and you now you see why we
did it long because it's getting shorter
and shorter as we roll as we keep
folding it up so now you see that side
and outside I'm just going to fold it up
again
rolling I think I caught something over
there so that's why little mark but no
worries just fold it over it'll be
hidden
okay okay I think I'm going to stop here
for now but it actually looks pretty
cool so let me lift it up to the camera
so you can see this is your hombre piece
of fondant and then you see it goes dark
and then all the way to light and it
blends pretty well I'll bring it a
little closer
I want to mess this up I think I just
don't something there but I think the
more you keep blending at the more
cleaner it'll look and the more hombre
it'll look so I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial please visit me at the cheese
thief comm for more tutorials like this
and have a great day bye