hi I'm Jeanne and welcome to Jeannie's
martinis today we're gonna do a
chocolate martini it's very popular with
the ladies
real smooth and you can't really taste
the alcohol that much so it's really
good we're gonna start with a chilled
martini glass if you don't have one
that's already chilled just put some ice
in it a little bit of water and let it
chill why are you making it this one's
already cold first take some any kind of
cocoa powder and Nestle Quik whatever
and we're going to rim the glass with
the chocolate just to line a little bit
of chocolate around the glass and we're
gonna take a shaker filled with ice for
a chocolate martini you're gonna need
vanilla flavored vodka any brand will do
a creme de cocao Kahlua or no name brand
that's fine like cafe Lolita is fine any
kind of Irish Cream Liqueur Bailey's
Emmet's whichever one and also any kind
of chocolate liqueur Godiva chocolate or
any other brand brand of chocolate
liqueur put ice in the shank and you're
gonna give a shoe count of each one two
little creme de cocoa a little color a
little bit of the Baileys Irish cream
with the Emmet's because that makes it
nice and thick gonna take a large shake
and put it over the small shake take a
small shaker out pour into the shaker
put your top on always make sure it's on
nice and tight and pour it into the
martini glass
yeah destroy if they want one and
there's your chocolate martini so I hope
you enjoy your chocolate martini and
until next time Cheers