hey welcome to another video on
homeowner of Pierre and in this video
I'm gonna show you how to clean up some
I grimy rubber automotive Floor Mats as
you can see these floor mats are really
dirty so one of the things I used to I
like to use on rubber floor mats is
super clean so I'm gonna spray the super
clean on to these floor mats and you'll
see how it gets a dirt and grime off of
them
now these floor mats are pretty old they
probably bought them about 6070 thousand
miles ago on the truck so they've been
around for a bit it's not gonna make
them perfect but it'll get them looking
pretty good again it's gonna free the
sign
you want to get a lot on there you can
rinse them if you want for us I kind of
wanted to show you how to do they
actually where I put we do this right
we'll do one and then we can do like a
side-by-side comparison so I'm just
gonna let this sit for about him into
the two and the annual events off with
garden hose all right let's uh
okay so here's a side-by-side comparison
I got a little bit of water on the one
on the right but you can see I'm left
how much cleaner this one is the other
one
I didn't even scrub it or anything I
just hosed it off and I've been letting
it dry in the Sun then that's all well
the super clean cleaned it off if you
took like a stiff brush and brush them
and probably even be way better but um
just let it sit like I showed you garden
hose that I feel quick that sort of
looks like I'll put a link in the
description to the product so come on
check it out online of something Ken and
definitely subscribe the channel we just
have cool things that we go through we
do like our VZ TVs stuff around the
house it's a really good stuff so make
sure to share with a friend and if you
have any questions leave a comment I'll
reply back thanks for watching