Scot with garage detailer here there has
been lots of videos and folks telling
you about how to code a floor or garage
floor correctly but but I want to show
you here today is what do you do how do
you repair a garage floor if it's been
damaged I'm referring to the decorative
coating in this case I'm here at my
friend's house and he has a polyuria
product that was put down about four
years ago and there's been some issues
with it with the one area where he took
out some stairs and now there's bare
concrete there that we need to patch in
and the other area is a spot when he
first had the floor coated he
accidentally closed his garage door all
the way down on the coating before it
cured and it lifted the edge of it up so
we're going to see what we can do to
spruce it up make it look better for
Mike and hopefully we can all learn
something along the way here okay now
this here is the area of the garage I
was referring to you can see where the
garage door
there's the tracks and the garage door
came down along this edge and basically
lifted this product in over the years
you know it actually peeled back even
further than what it originally had so
we've got a decorative gray finish here
this is product here is called polyuria
that was used and it has a base coat and
then it had a top coat applied to that
with some decorative flecks put in the
base coat before the top coat was
applied and I'm going to walk on over
here and show you the other area
hopefully not make you too dizzy well we
go here in the process there's also this
area here I'm going to try to do
something about as well now this is a
very nasty stain and I'm not sure what
has leaked here but it ran all the way
down the garage and we're going to take
a look and see if we can't do something
about that as well this is the last area
that we'll be addressing as you can see
there's some bare concrete here there
used to be some stairs leading into
entrance into the house but they've
since relocated that to over here and we
also have some issue where the
contractors have left some cement this
type products or even some glue that is
a here to the surface so we're going to
have to try and scrape that and remove
it as well okay here we are looking at
some of the tools and supplies that you
might need to complete a job like this
you're going to need a handheld grinder
and this one here it's just a cheap
Harbor Freight deal with the concrete
grinding pad on it I'm going to use that
to rough up the surface of the concrete
rather than acid etch it or something
like that that way we can get a good
bite and a good profile on the
concrete's that the new material will
stick to it well and that's what this
little hand palm sander would be good
for too as well now I do show some
spikes shoes but our job that we're
using today is quite a small area so I
don't anticipate having to walk over it
when once I well I'm doing it so we
probably won't be using those at all
today I'm going to need a shot back to
suck up some of the dust and mess and
scrapers and paintbrushes I don't
recommend this foam type of brush most
of the materials that we'll be using
will probably just eat right through
that you'll need some painters tape some
razor scrapers some safety equipment
which includes some gloves goggles and I
have two different ones a dust mask here
and one's a respirator and that
respirator needs to be one that you can
use that will protect you from acid and
things of those natures because the
fumes that the material that we use is
quite strong and you need one like that
these are optional those are some knee
pads I highly recommend them be right
down on the floor or any length of time
at all you're going to need them and
today what we're going to be using is a
Sherman Williams product it's called
armored sealer seal and it's a
urethane based product and this should
it should flow well and kind of fill in
here on this floor and then also we have
some great tint for left over from a
previous job that I did and we're just
going to mix some of that in with some
of the armor seals to get our base color
done and then in this bucket over here
we have the gray paint Fleck mixture and
this is basically paint chips latex or
vinyl paint chips that are used and
broadcast into the the base coat once we
put it down and you're also going to
need something like isopropyl alcohol
I'm going to be using Xylo today to
clean up my mess and my brushes and that
should pretty much cover the materials
that we're going to need okay here we
have some product called quick mender
it's by versa flex coatings and it comes
in two gallon containers that you mix
fifty-fifty
and what this material is is a epoxy
based type material that cures very
quickly and we have to use that over
here along the edge because it's not
very smooth and you can see I've already
poured some of this down and it cured
very rapidly in about five minutes it
starts getting pretty tacky and hard and
after about a half hour you can actually
dry it away on this stuff and flatten it
out but I'm just pouring it along this
edge to make it nice and smooth so when
we paint it it's going to look look
clean and have a nice edge to it so I'm
going to mix up a little bit more and
finish filling it along this crack and
then we'll come back to it you're also
going to want to use a product like
quick mender to repair any of these spa
liens and the concrete so you know we
ground these out a little bit roughed
them up made sure all the loose concrete
debris was removed and then we're just
going to pour a little quick mender in
there and smooth it out with a putty
knife one additional thing where this
expansion joint was along the edge went
ahead and filled it first with a
flexible concrete caulk basically that
feels that's a crack filler for concrete
and so I went ahead and I pre filled X
or some pretty big holes in here along
this edge of the house where the house
meets and now we just add a little bit
more quick matter and once this tears
along this edge we're going to take a
grinder to it and just grind it smooth
and paint over it
now for this stuck on glue I'm simply
going to take this razor knife on me
lightly stripped off don't damage the
surface so they call a tree is too much
and then I'm going to go back over it
with a mm Ritt sandpaper to clean that
up
shine it up a little bit here's a little
area by the stairs also that we painted
and filled in put some Fleck of it and
once put the top coat it's going to
darken it up a little bit more to match
the other the rest of it and now we're
going to give this floor a good cleaning
and it should blend in quite nicely