hi everyone it's Crystal and today's
video is going to be about mesh wreaths
and it's going to I'm going to break
this down into two videos the first one
I'm going to sit here and talk a little
bit about these wreaths and different
supplies and I that you could use for
them and then the second one is going to
be a process video where I just just put
the wreath together fast forward it and
do a voice over on it so what you're
looking at here and if this is shaky I
apologize because I'm not on my tripod
and also um about the background noise I
apologize for that because I have to do
these WS in my dining room and um you
know people in the house is very loud
and they'll trple through here so just
to leaveing guys know what's going on
okay so this W here what you're looking
at is my Christmas wreath I had did now
um on this wreath here it is on a 16in
working wreath
form and the size of it after it gets
done is almost like 27 in so these
wreaths you start out with a much
smaller wreath form or a wreath base and
your wreaths will be huge by the time
you get done with it as you can see
there okay so I'm going to go ahead and
pause this video and put this back down
on my tripod
and get on with the rest of the
video okay now that we're back and
camera's up on a tripod this time so
let's go ahead and talk about your
supplies and that that you're going to
need so this wreath here is just your
regular wire wreath base
um they also sell
the um oh I can't remember what they're
called I just said they were working
wreaths and the working wreaths
basically the only difference really
between a working wreath and these
regular wire wreath bases is it is
raised a little bit more here and it
already
has your pipe cleaners already attached
to
the uh the wreath itself so just by
saving a couple extra dollars by buying
just a regular
metal wreath
and a coup you know it just takes a
couple extra minutes to put on your pipe
cleaners but you save a couple dollars
but um Jann and Michaels doesn't sell
the working rates the only place I know
craft store wise that sells them to
actually a brick and mortar store is
Hobby Lobby and you can actually use a
coupon on there so it just depends the
Christmas one I just showed you and guys
was done with a working wreath and it
was actually
um you know a little bit easier cuz like
I said the pipe cleaners were already
attached to
it um the size I like to use is an 18in
wreath base and that's what this wreath
base is it is 18 in and you're not going
to be able to see that on camera
but um just how you measure your wreath
bases is you just put a ruler underneath
of it and I go from side to
side like I said you're going to hear
dogs
this is not a quiet household okay so
anyways you just put your reace on here
and as you can see from your start point
to your end point is 18 in so by time
you get done with this it is going to be
much bigger it's probably going to be 27
29 in
and um complete when it's done because
the mesh really does poof out the
uh the wreath
okay so you have your wreath that you
need and like I said this one's an 18 in
and I like that size I know I just said
that but I do like really like that size
and then what you're going to need is if
you just buy the regular wreath base
you're going to need pipe
cleaners um I usually pick up two packs
of
12 and you want to get them
wait that's my sister you're here
laughing I ain't editing this video so
it is what it is
guys she's laughing cuz my mother's over
there opening cupcakes up making noise
she's like a
rat we tell her to be quiet you'll hear
her
over
okay oh I I completely lost that train
of thought
there okay so oh you're you're a pipe
cleaner
um you want to get them what's going to
match your wreath like I'm doing a pink
matched on here so I picked up white
pipe cleaners but there's also going to
be
H did you see her face she didn't was
like okay guys oh my
God
okay okay
so on this wreath here there's going to
be pink and white that's why I picked up
white pipe cleaners um you know you you
wouldn't want to put black pipe cleaners
on when you're using the pink and white
because the pipe cleaners then will be
really noticeable so you want to stick
with you want your pipe cleaners to
match your color um that you're doing on
your wreath okay all right
so got that down next thing you're going
to need the next very important thing in
this is you're going to need mesh now
now there's all different kind of mesh
out there
um I personally have just been picking
it up from the craft store but if you go
online um if you Google mesh deco mesh
wreaths um they'll show you some stores
where you can purchase this stuff at and
they have it's called a Luxe a Luxe mesh
wreath I think that's what it's called
and um what it is is the weave on it is
going to be a much tighter weave um I
haven't bought any of that stuff yet but
I would
really I think for my next one I might
actually pick that up I'm not for sure
yet so there is a difference in the mesh
um the cheaper the mesh the looser The
Weave the more expensive the mesh the
tighter the weave and basically what
that weave is is the looser The Weave
you're going to be able to see through
it more and the tighter the weave it's
you're not going to be able to see as
much through it so I hope that made
sense so you want to pick out your mesh
um I usually pick out a big roll and
then they have like a half size roll I
usually pick out a color like that this
time I didn't but I try to pick out like
two colors so for this one here for the
big roll I picked up this bubblegum pink
color and then I don't know where I got
all there and then the other mesh I
picked up up for this wreath is a ribbon
mesh and as you can see here and it's
like a white with some holographic stuff
in there
okay um so that's pretty much all the
mesh I'm going to use on this wreath and
then I also picked up some
ribbon um on my Christmas one I didn't
use any ribbon I just used the mesh
but figured for this one I'd use some
ribbon
and then you're going to need your
decorations for it
um there's also they have a tubing and
that's actually downstairs in my
basement but that tubing I picked it up
to use on my Halloween
one and my sister just completely played
around with that and like got it knots
and everything but it's just like tubes
you know it's like about that thick it's
just like a tube it's really cute I
there's a whole bunch of stuff just um
I pick up my stuff from
packatans and they have a nice selection
of mesh stuff I know Hobby Lobby also
does have a nice selection of
mesh uh Joann's and Michaels they got a
little selection but nothing like Hobby
Lobby so if you have a Hobby Lobby or a
pack of Tans I recommend going there to
pick up your supplies to get started if
you've never made one of these and
that's the way it's cheaper you can use
coupons and then if you decide that you
like to make these then you can order
from the online store stores but it
costs more
money okay so on to the decorations
so for this particular wreath I picked
up a Happy Valentine's Day sign and I'm
planning on sticking this dead smack in
the middle of the
wreath
uh I also picked up some pics some P you
know piics for wreaths you can pick up
some of
those and the only other thing I got for
decoration on this wreath is these
wooden hearts that I had picked up and
these were just plain wood when I picked
them up and I painted them myself and
wrote on the little says myself so that
is all I plan on putting on this wreath
you can really go to town with these
wreaths and make them as thick and full
as you want um or as little as you want
it all depends what your taste is it
just depends on what holiday I'm doing
for my Christmas one wasn't too much put
on her I wanted it nice clean and simple
and it looked in my opinion it looked
pretty very elegant I thought but so
yeah that made a whole lot of sense but
so oh my
God so that is
everything just like your basic info
into these mesh reads um if you guys
have any questions just either leave me
a comment
below send me a private message yeah
send me a private message on YouTube or
you
can hit me up on my Facebook Channel and
send me a message that way or get on my
blog and email me that way or you can
even Instagram me if you really want
to so I think I pretty much covered
everything and that's going to be it for
the first part the second part like I
said is going to be a video of me
putting this all together and it's it's
going to be um a process video so it's
going to be fast forwarded and I'll
probably do some voice in there but yeah
so that's it guys
um so if you want to see how this W
turns out just stay tuned for the next
video all right until then I will talk
to you later
bye one other thing guys I just
remembered
before I move on to this you're also
going to need um I use a hot glue gun
but you're going to need something to
attach
like I don't know just different items
to your each so I'm going to need a hot
glue gun to attach these Hearts to the
wreath but everything
else excuse me like all the mesh and the
ribbon and all that will get connected
through the pipe cleaners but I just
want to leave you guys
know that you are going to need um some
kind of ahesive to stick your loose
items onto your reath all right so I'm
going to go ahead and move on to part
two