hey guys it's me Jenna from the White
Witch parlor and today I want to talk
about amethyst I absolutely love the
stone this is a stone that came into my
life right when I was really really
blossoming in my spiritual awareness and
also amber actually I really was drawn
to amber and amethyst but let's talk
about and with this today amethyst is
amazing it does often merge with other
minerals such as citrine smoky quartz
and clear quartz and when it does it
actually becomes a whole new crystal and
that crystal is something that carries
more metaphysical properties with it
more healing properties so if amethyst
is formed with a mineral like citrine it
becomes ametrine and now you have the
properties metaphysically of amethyst
and citrine so you're bringing spiritual
awareness with abundance amethyst is
really really cool it is a stone that
actually was used for a lot of burials
and things like that nature because it
is said that it connects us closer to
the spirit world so this is a good stone
to use whenever you're working with your
ancestors or you're working to so
basically sell in or if you're working
with any divination practices so things
like tarot card readings divination like
pendulum readings or if you're doing
automatic writing or meditations or any
kind of spell crafts it's always good to
have amethyst by your side can you guys
guess what chakra this one works with it
works with our third eye because the
color vibration matches that so it
brings our spiritual awareness to a
whole nother level and if you're wearing
this as a talisman you'll find yourself
kind of blissed out a lot so it's not
good to drive being blinged out with
amethyst you want to kind of keep
yourself grounded and if you are
surrounding yourself with a lot of
amethyst doing a lot of meditation work
with it you will find that you need to
ground yourself a little bit because it
is going to give you this kind of
spiritual buzz spiritual high with that
it also does work really well with any
kind of dream work if you're trying to
get closer to your spirit guides and
work a little bit more on the same level
and vibrational plane
them amethyst is good to have by your
bedside because your dreams will become
enhanced amethyst is closely associated
with the element of water and the moon
so it's really good if you're working
with any of the deities like Diana the
goddess of the moon or the protector of
animals if you want to draw on that
natural wildwoman energy amethyst might
be your go-to if you're working with
full moon rituals amethyst is a must to
have nearby because like I said it
definitely raises your spiritual
vibrations and it causes you to have
more of a connection with this cosmic
levels so earth and as above so below
you need to be connected if you're
working in that realm physically
amethyst is a great stone for sobriety
so if you're coming overcoming any
addictions kind of need to carry
amethyst by you because amethyst helps
calm our emotions helps keep us a little
bit more stable so that we know what we
want helps bring out our true selves and
especially for those of you who are
Pisces you might really find yourself
drawn to this stone because it does help
enhance your creative skills your
artistic abilities and things like that
and with your empathetic nature that
might be really important for you so
that you can really be who you are and
not let other things sway your opinion
which is another thing amethyst is good
for actually it helps block any negative
energy it helps strengthen your aura so
if you are an empath or an empathetic
individual who's so susceptible to
emotions of people all around you at
work or at home or just yourself finding
yourself in bad moods carries an
amethyst it will help to reflect any of
that negative energy and keep your aura
really strong because it's working off a
spiritual high so you're kind of
building up that barricade if you will
so if you're doing any kind of spells
that involve divination meditation
spiritual growth or enlightenment
psychic abilities intuitive abilities
you want to include amethyst if you're
making any kind of potion or incense
anything like that that you need
energies from it you can borrow them
from amethyst also a side note with
amethyst if you are Sun charging your
crystals you do want to only do amethyst
no more than about 30 minutes in the Sun
because it will fade its color and with
faded amethyst purple you will
eventually lose some of the vibration
that it can offer you in case you didn't
know amethyst is formed from the gas
cavities of ancient lava tubes that
means it's been sitting around for
possibly a couple million years before
it landed in your hands and most of the
places where we see amethyst now come
from these caves now that you know a
little bit more about amethyst maybe
you'll enjoy it as much as I do
and maybe next time you'll look at it
with some fresh eyes and say Thank You
amethyst how can I help you today and
how can you cut me because amethyst is a
really magical stone and I encourage you
to carry a piece around with you or
leave a piece by your desk at your
office to shield those negative energies
or if you just want to get that
spiritual high and really really raise
your vibrations and work on your
spiritual enlightenment and journey
check out amethyst because it is a great
a stone to have so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video today on amethyst I'm
really blessed to have you I'm so happy
to do these videos for you if you really
did like it you can always give it a big
thumbs up you can subscribe or share it
with your friends I love you guys all so
much have a really beautiful and blessed
week muah bye