hi I'm Carrie and I'm here today to talk
to you about dehumidifiers a
dehumidifier can help solve many air
quality issues in your home that are
attributable to humidity humidity can
promote the growth of Airborne allergens
such as mold spores and dust
mites relative humidity can have adverse
effects on the air you breathe when
levels exceed 50% at these levels
allergens are far more likely to worsen
the overall air
quality excessive humidity can also
cause problems with the structural
Integrity of your home the condition of
your home furnishings and create an
unpleasant musty odor where the air in
your home to feel cool it must be dry
humid air can cause your AC unit to
overwork itself and raise your utility
bills
unnecessarily when dry air is maintained
not only does it help to eliminate these
issues but it also creates a healthier
breathing
environment home dehumidifiers come in
varying pint size capacity which
correlates to the square footage and
moisture level of the space you will be
using the unit in most units allow you
to set your desired level of humidity
and will automatically turn on and off
as
needed while the physical size of the
unit might be similar there can be a big
difference in the amount of water the
unit can remove from the air per day the
larger the pint size capacity the more
efficient it will be and the quieter it
will be most home dehumidifiers feature
a water bucket and automatic shut off
feature for when the container is full
Min models are also equipped with a
drain hose connection that allows for
continuous drainage when required if you
need to use the unit in a space where
the ambient temperature could drop below
65Â° F you will need to purchase a low
temp unit such as those offered by both
Danby and Edgar basement and crawl space
dehumidifiers are generally more rugged
in design they are made to operate in
low temperatures and some come with
drain pumps for permanent installation
these units are great for garages and
workspaces in addition to basements and
crawl spaces April air ebac offer units
designed specifically for these type of
spaces and Edgar offers a basement kit
that includes a condensate pump many
dehumidifiers are perfect for use in
bathrooms closets laundry rooms under
kitchen and bathroom sinks and storage
spaces if you've ever noticed your
clothes and towels not drying completely
or a musty odor in your closets and
cabinets then a mini dehumidifier is a
great solution we recommend checking out
models made by EV dry and
sunpentown and industrial dehumidifiers
are built to cover very large areas as
well as good for use and restoration
works such as a flood or a sea leak like
basement and crawl space units they are
very rugged in appearance and feature
gravity drains most come with hoses
already attached and some feature pumps
April air and ebac are leaders in
industrial dehumidifiers and their
products come highly recommended by us
excess humidity can become a serious
issue if not addressed and we have
selected the best performing units in
all categories to Ure that you will find
the one that fits your specific
dehumidification needs