hello folks my name is Niall Harrington
today on barrel in the city we're going
to make him the all Canadian classic the
Caesar so to start off with this
cocktail
we take our glass and we give it a rim
with some lemon juice and we dip it into
celery salt just like you stay here the
first ingredient is the horseradish so
we just think the smallest pinch is just
just like salt you can do it to taste in
the bottom maybe about 5 mils of lemon
juice
we're just approximately the same as
that about 1/4 of the land about a
teaspoon of olive juice once against the
tastes are you can adjust accordingly
for 2 or 3 dashes on Tabasco sauce next
up with the water soy sauce always good
to go to set up there next the most
important part we take our vodka we take
1 ounce after we put in our Clamato
juice
[Music]
finally the last part for the garnish we
take a bamboo skewer just wait one two
of us place it just on the top okay
folks so that's how you make the common
classic our take on the Caesar cocktail
if you liked this video be sure to
subscribe and also leave a comment in
the sections below on how you'd make it
their own thank you to
[Music]