pre-manufactured stair stringers will
not work under every circumstance they
will not solve your problem all the time
I know they look great and it sounds
great hey if I can purchase these I
don't have to think or even figure out
how to build the stairway or cut the
stair stringer but that's not the case
you are going to need to figure out how
to cut the stair stringers every once in
a while and don't forget to visit our
website if you need more information on
that the biggest problem with
pre-manufactured stair stringers is the
rise and the total rise might not match
up um for example the total rise would
be the distance from the floor the
bottom floor to the Upper Floor and
let's just say that we have a um for
example here we have a 28 in total Rise
um which which would give us what I'm
going to use what we're using here we
have four risers and three
steps the four risers would each be 7 in
we have a 28 in total rise we're
probably going to be able to use a use
that Stringer if that's the case now if
you have a 7 and 1/2
in um tall Riser individual Riser and a
28 inch overall total rise then this
won't work um that a seven and a half
inch four a three-step four Riser
Stringer will um would work on a 30in
total rise but it's not going to work on
anything else and that's where these
stair stringers seem to seem to have a
lot of
problems now just in case you were
wondering why the bottom Riser is a
little smaller um you can see it's just
a little bit lower the stair stringer is
a little lower than the original Riser
and that is I just wanted to bring it to
your awareness that you will need to
compensate for the tread thickness if
you use um a 3/4 inch thick stair tread
you will need to subtract 3/4 of an inch
from the bottom of the Stringer just
wanted to throw that out there now
here's an example of what else would
work if you have 7 in right ERS you
could also use it for a 21 in um
stairway you can see how it's working
here just fine as long as the total rise
divides
into the um individual risers exactly
you'll be able to use the
pre-manufactured stair stringers if it
doesn't you won't be able to it's that
simple now here's an example of
something that won't work and this is
the most common situation you're going
to run into because you're rarely going
to have the exact height um let's just
say for example here we have a 24 in
total rise with 7 in individual
risers um then we're going to end up
with a 3-in step at the at the top and
this is the main reason why these
pre-manufactured stringers aren't going
to solve everyone's problem or work all
the time now that's when it's a little
less what happens when it's a little
higher what happens if you have
something that's 32 in 30 in and your in
in in your individual risers are 7 in
well for something like this now you're
going to have a step that's uh creating
a trip Hazard and an unsafe stairway so
again this is realistically it isn't
that hard to figure out before you
purchase the pre-manufactured stair
stringers all you need to do is take the
total rise the distance between between
the floors and again if you need more
help visit the website it will explain
how you can figure out most of these uh
measurements and it'll actually help you
build your own stair stringers just in
case the pre-manufacturing ones don't
work so again even if you want a wider
step you might go buy a pre-manufactured
stair stringer with a 10in um Step 10in
wide step and you want a 12in wide step
if that's the the case you will need to
cut your own stair stringers but if
you're going to go down and pick one out
um just take the total
rise and with you down to the um store
or measure measure the individual risers
for the um pre-manufactured stair
stringers at the lumber yard or Home
Improvement Center bring these
measurements back home and figure out
whether or not it's going to work and
most situations it's just not going to
work um because they're going to be off
an inch a half inch 5 in something like
that and it's that's not going to create
a safe stairway