hey my sweeties today on the show will
be making vegan beignets and utter of
motocross for our Martinez and st.
Patrick's Day issue of the flag zine
hope you enjoy we're going to start by
making our yeast mixture we're gonna use
3/4 cup water 1/4 cup sugar and a half
of an envelope of directive ease which
is about a heaping teaspoon whisk that
all together and let it sit for about 10
minutes next we're going to start mixing
our wet ingredients to our yeast mixture
we're going to add of whatever non-dairy
milk you want to use on eighth of a cup
of applesauce and in a separate little
container we're going to take 3/4
teaspoon a tablespoon of water mix that
together and add that in whisk that all
together until it is well combined next
you're going to measure out three and a
half cups of all purpose flour add half
of that to the wet wet mixture and then
being set in once it's mixed then at
half of a cup of shortening all
vegetable shortening to your mixture and
cut that into your wet ingredients or
whatever with your whisk once that is
cutting in you're going to add in the
rest of your all-purpose flour and it's
going to turn into a doughy type
consistency and you're going to need
that until it forms a ball
good it formed a ball now in a separate
bowl you're gonna oil the sides very
lightly place your book dough ball in
there and cover it with a damp cloth for
one to two hours in a warm place once
you have done that take some parchment
paper lightly flour it and put your dawn
there and roll it out until it is about
one and a half to two inches thick then
you're going to cut little squares about
two inches both ways and you're going to
fry those and your deep fryer at 350
degrees
when they get golden brown flip them
over so they cook on both sides just
like this these are so beautiful when
you take them out don't let them sit too
long as you want your powdered sugar to
speak to them so I am here with my
beignets they're all done they look so
beautiful I don't know if you saw that
they look gorgeous and I'm going to take
one and try for you it's very cute it's
very small I miss square just like they
are New Orleans they have powdered sugar
on them
that's how they look on the inside so I
my mouth looks full and tastes delicious
shakes up a donut on a funnel cake my
procedures going to bear well with
coffee so I see if I eat it with coffee
and it's just good try yourself at home
I'll give you another look at that
detail how luscious it looks on the
inside and that is all bye