[Music]
[Music]
hey there today I want to show you some
tricks that you can do with your vintage
whammy bar um to give it that button
like like sound and almost Je back like
sound Jeff back is really a god when it
comes to playing guitar in general of
course but um when it comes to using the
vibr um first of all we should guarantee
that uh the Vintage vibr stays in tune
um they usually do not as much as a
Floyd Rose of course but but they can be
very stable and what helps a lot is
having lock and machine heads like on
this nice ivanus guitar and another
thing that helps a lot um is an oil
which is called for example bisol um a
kind of weapons o that you can put on
the nut and the
bridge just right at the places where
the strings touch touch the
guitar um first of all we should do a
little exercise just to um just to to
take a closer closer look at the right
intonation and I I play a B minor ponic
and then bend down a half step and try
to be very accurate with the intonation
half step down and
[Music]
back so the next thing would be you take
an ordinary cliche bottle neckli you can
look them up in a book or look them up
up at YouTube or maybe you choose your
favorite button leg click and just play
it and then try to imitate it with your
Wang
[Music]
ball just I bend down a half step then
release and touch the other string now
we can take a look at the at the line I
played in the first song I start with a
butt leg kind of lick
[Music]
[Laughter]
the next thing is also typical Jeff back
thing I play harmonics and I use my pick
and use it right right at the bridge
because gives it a little bit more
[Applause]
attack in this case it's an a dominant
seventh r petu
but you can play you can play any though
just just check your fret board for for
different harmonics and try to check
which which tones they actually
are then I go on with a kind of sounds
almost like an a harp kind of
lick and then I at the ending of The L I
just play another butt leg kind like
kind of like
and that's it so I hope this inspires
you a little bit maybe you can use some
of the stuff in your playing I wish you
best of luck bye