[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to her's
kitchen so today I'm going to make some
lemon iced tea so that you could avoid
the ones from the store if you like this
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
and also subscribe to my channel for
more such
videos so first add in four cups of
water then add in 1 and 1/2 tblsp of tea
leaves now let the water boil for about
4 to 5
[Music]
minutes once the water in the pan
reaches this stage Stir It with a
[Music]
spoon as you can see the water is boiled
so at this stage you need to turn off
the flame now let the tea cool down a
little now once the tea tea is cooled
just a little strain it leaving behind
all the tea
[Music]
leaves as the tea was still hot I kept
it on a wooden
rack then add in 1/4 cup of lemon
juice now stir the tea till the time all
the lemon juice is incorporated
[Music]
once the lemon juice is mixed well the
tea would look something like this then
add in half a cup of granulated sugar to
it you can adjust the sweetness
according to your taste now keep
stirring well for 5 to 10 minutes or
until the sugar is dissolved after that
let the tea cool down to room
temperature and then let the tea chill
in the fridge for about 4 to 5 hours
once the tea is chilled and ready to be
served take some ice cubes and add them
in the serving
glass then take two to three slices of
lemon and add them in the
glass finally add the tea and fill the
glass only
[Music]
halfway then fill the glass till the top
with some cold water and now your iced
tea is ready to be served
[Music]
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you like this video and make sure
to hit that subscribe button for more
such videos and I'll see you in my next
video