how's it going everybody so I bought a
tidy cat's litter box quite a while ago
I've had one probably for over a year
now
but I want to show you what I do to
modify the top lid to this box because
for whatever reason my cat when it gets
in here one of my cats it likes to pee
and when it does if you don't have
anything higher here fill like pee on
the wall or pee on the outside of this
box because this just is not tall enough
so I'm going to show you which a little
bit of plastic that I bought at a
plastic supply how I'm double the size
it came like this so I would say this is
gosh probably on to 2 feet by 4 feet
this ran seven dollars and 55 cents in
my local plastic supply house which is
called taps plastics so what I'm going
to show you how to do is modify this box
to have a higher edge that way the cat
can keep always yarn inside of the box
ooh basically glue this right around
here um usually when I first start out I
try to start out in one part so I start
from the beginning I try to just build
up some glue on one side until it holds
then once it holds then I kind of just
work around this top lid just kind of
creating a little bead along the back
side it's basically the same material
that it is you can see that it's you
know bolter clear both are white
and this is a chemical resistant plastic
so it will clean up with you know any
urine or anything like that it gets
built on there you can use some some
urine spray some of this you know cat
cleaner stuff and you should be able to
wipe this down and get it to where it's
not smelling drier
like I said I just kind of try to line
this up so what it looks pretty good
because my wall that the cat but this
cat box is the wall is like right here
so I'm trying to guard in here and from
going on the outside over here so I just
take my hot glue gun and with this it's
very slow so I kind of just have to
start building up a bead by just pushing
it down just because this is a really
small hot glue gun I would reckon
and if you do have a better bigger hot
glue gun a bigger one would be back it
is start sort of like a stitch um we're
just skip a little bit you know we're
just trying to fill it in and just get
it going just kind of just keep keep
applying the glue around the box and put
a little along the back but as you can
see I mean I think that looks I think it
looks pretty good right there you can
see that on the side here you know the
cat can come in do his business and it's
going to splash alongside still go into
the into the box itself or this is my
wall here so I want the cat to kind of
be able to come in here a little bit
easier you know and not feel so freaked
out so you know sometimes I might just
trim this to a little bit more of an
angle and just kind of smooth it out
just gradually come up and finish it off
and make it look good
so this spot here so this is the old
litter box here um this is the same
style but I've actually had this
probably on the litter box I would say
will be six months maybe maybe a little
bit more and it works out really good
this is where they were kind of getting
on the wall before so that was getting
annoying you know we use this stuff too
to clean it up the stuff seems to work
pretty well to clean the products or to
clean this plastic right here and we
just kind of hang that up you know spray
it along the side so now yet last night
I bought a new litter box cuz after a
while it was kind of starting to smell
so you know they last quite a long time
and they're about 40 or 50 dollars but I
think the investment is well worth it um
you know they don't really track
anything around the pellets do kind of
fall out but they stay they stay pretty
clean you know we used to use the
crystals and the crystals worked pretty
good but they're also semi expensive and
you really just get that like sharp you
know
ammonia urine smell that no one likes to
smell right
we'll go ahead and pop this old one off
take it outside
throw it in the trash okay so we're just
going to go ahead and install the new
one on the cat box and it just easily
just clicks right on now you can have it
against the wall I like to take the
scooper you know I'm able to kind of
just place it up there just have it
really nice and easily accessible and
you can just kind of come through the
litter make sure nothing's in there and
it's nice and clean all right and there
it is guys so hope you liked the video
please like or subscribe let me know if
you guys try this out and if you like it
and if you did let me know thanks guys
I'll talk to you later bye