[Music]
woof woof did you understand anything
certainly not because this video is
actually for your pets watch the best
life hacks for cats and dogs meet a
little dog fruit fruit and her owner
fruit fruit lives a busy life and her
owner cares for her to be clean and tidy
fashionable and happy using our life
hacks I'm walking through fruit in such
cold weather
she needs clothes as well as I do put a
used baby sweater that nobody wears
anymore on your dog make sure the front
picture is on top pass the front legs
through the sleeves and roll them up I
meet my friend she's happy to see me and
especially frou-frou she picks her up
and admires her stylish outfit I tell
her the truth
the sweater is not made by a fashionable
dog designer Christian dog or but it is
taken from my little brother's closet
however frou-frou can pose in the autumn
leaves just like a true model my friend
wants the same outfit for her I'm afraid
this tiny sweater won't fit her oh I see
she's just dreaming of her pet she's
looking forward to getting a cat she
dreams of the most optimistic and the
happiest cat in the world
you can tell it just at the first glance
meet an adorable cat Mathilde it's very
pretty
but they're still dreams anyway dreams
can't keep you warm my friend and I are
getting cold and frou-frou is trembling
we should go home well we're having tea
to warm up my doggy wants to play it's
great we've got a rope toy take an old
to use t-shirt cut it into the same
strips of 4 inches wide and 3 feet long
you can also use an old sweater cut into
the same strips take for details pull
them up tie a knot at one end
place them crosswise with the knot in
the center and braid in this way when
you're satisfied with the length tie a
knot to finish braiding
[Music]
this rope toy will do both for cats and
dogs though frou-frou will hardly share
it with someone else she likes playing
with it too much as a true girl
frou-frou likes accessories my friend
wants to give her cute hair clip hot
glue artificial flowers and buds to a
blank hair clip base what a pretty thing
I'll wear it myself
but it's a gift for frou-frou i fastened
her hair it suits her well she'll
definitely strike with her beauty a
Dalmatian whom she's been in love with
for a long time my friends dreaming of
how this lovely hairpin would match her
cat's hair in her dream she tries the
hairpin on her Matilda it's gorgeous
it suits her cat perfectly Matilda is
going to become a cats book star
everybody will like her first smile if
only my friend had a cat taking your pet
as your fitness partner is another smart
life hack you can now save on your
dumbbells holding your pet instead do
arm exercises your dog will help you do
your arms workout for strong biceps and
triceps use your pet to get additional
weight during your abs workout your pet
will enjoy holding your legs it'll cheer
you up
each time you do your exercise come on
girl you can do it and finally it'll
help you relax after an exhausting
workout my friends dreaming of the time
when her cat Mathilde will become her
fitness partner she'll be able to lift
her up squat down and embrace her upon
the workout finish Mathilde is happy and
so is my friend I want to make it a
surprise if she dreams of a cat so much
I'll make her dream come true I bring a
cat to my friend as a gift it's just the
same as the one she wanted my friends
excited she's got a real cat it's the
happiest cat in the world
it's soft and fluffy my friend can't
stop hugging it
after a good workout one should take a
shower but frou-frou doesn't like
bathing in a basin no please don't put
me there
I don't like a cold basin no I've got a
fresh pedicure
don't worry frou-frou the basin won't
harm you
to prevent fear and anxiety in your pet
before having it washed lay a little
towel or a piece of cloth in the basin
it'll soothe your pet making it
comfortable frou frou doesn't worry
anymore she's ready to take a bath she
enjoys washing especially when the water
is of the appropriate temperature not
too cold or too hot watch that the water
doesn't go into your pets eyes or ears
wash its head with your hand frou frou
likes it when I use a special bathing
mixture take five ounces of warm water
add 1.7 ounces of dog shampoo and two
teaspoons of vinegar stir well pour it
onto your pets back and rub it into its
hair it fights insects and bad smell the
hair turns soft and silky wash off the
mixture with warm water wrap your dog
into a soft towel frou frou is
absolutely happy she's satisfied and
relaxed I think we can open a new dog
spa frou frou will be a VIP guest there
dry your pets hair using a hairdryer use
a special brush to make the hair smooth
and soft frou frou asked me to do her
favorite hairstyle she feels confident
so far when she sees her beloved
Dalmatian Joe while walking so I'm doing
her hair to make her the prettiest dog
in the world we can't do without
grooming in our home spa frou frou can't
understand what grooming means she hopes
it's a new type of dog food
no frou-frou grooming is trimming your
hair frou frou needs to trim her hair
tips if we do it at home we should know
a few tricks that the specialists use
while grooming don't make us work cuts
take a section of hair and trim along
the hair growth
this will make grooming look natural I
wish my dog wouldn't be so anxious about
it but she's eager to know what's going
on frou frou is excited she likes her
new
style she hopes Dalmatian Joe will
appreciate her new image during the walk
make a stylish outfit for frou-frou take
an old sweater that nobody wears anymore
cut off a sleeve let the cuff be a
turtleneck draw a half-circle next to it
to make a hole for a front leg cut
another hole for the second leg an
awesome turtleneck sweater is ready try
it on your dog be careful to put in its
head and legs
it suits frou-frou perfectly who said
horizontal stripes make you look fat
this design stretchy dress fits her
elegant figure you can roll up the
turtleneck furfrou is wearing perfectly
chosen trendy autumn clothes she isn't
going to get cold during her walk
get ready Dalmatian Joe your pretty
girls coming fruit fruits crying her
hearts broken she's seen that Dalmatian
Joe playing with that shabby lap dog
Jane bad guy look is it some kind of
disease and it has nothing to do with a
broken heart consult your veterinarian
if you notice watery eyes in your cat or
dog but it's a first aid treatment you
can use tea brew black tea green or
chamomile tea will also do it shouldn't
contain any additives or flavors wait
until the tea cools dip in a cotton pad
and carefully rub the watery eyes let's
wipe your eyes furfrou Dalmatian Joe
doesn't deserve a tip of your tail
soon he'll realize he's been wrong and
will run up to you on hind legs by the
way we mentioned legs the dog's paws are
quite delicate they need special care
smudge the paws with Vaseline when it's
cold and wet it'll protect your dog's
pads from mud when outdoors your dog
will thank you for that or it'll just
remain faithful to you if you don't have
an opportunity to clean your pets legs
after walking use another life hack put
a little dog shampoo into warm water mix
well lay a towel on your lap and put
your pet on top no frou-frou you
shouldn't drink this cocktail it's for
your legs wash one leg at a time
rinse it in clean water if necessary why
that with a towel your pets legs won't
make Eugene's dirty come on my lap
frou-frou dreams have been left behind
and there's a real cat problem
the cat hair is all over if your cat
sheds it doesn't mean you should wear a
tear on top of your clothes put on
rubber gloves spray them with water run
your hand in a wet glove along your
clothes to gather your pet's hair dog
pictures appear to be the most popular
getting an awful lot of likes on
Instagram but they also pick up an awful
lot of dog's hair on your black dress
use adhesive tape tear off a piece and
press it against the fabric with the
sticky side down the tape will attract
all the dog hair from your dress my dog
wants to play but I can't do it right
now I'm busy discussing the number of
likes for my picture with frou-frou ok
I've got something special it's a new
toy put a few beads into a little
plastic bottle put on a sock and tie a
knot frou frou enjoys playing with the
new toy it's so easy to make bring joy
to your dog frou frou thinks that my
favorite cushion is her sitting place
it's time to make her a pillow cut off
the top part from an old t-shirt turn
the bottom part inside out hot glue the
edges take an old pillow put on a DIY
pillow case sew on buttons to the inside
edge cut holes to fasten the buttons on
the other edge but in the pillow case a
soft cushion for your pet is ready frou
frou got her own pillow she can keep
lying on it during the daytime I don't
mind like any girl frou-frou SPRO to
eating much to get rid of her stress
Dell nation Joe's never called to
prevent her from eating the whole day
portion at a time let's make a smart
food dispensing toy put dry dog food
into a plastic bottle make a hole of a
food piece size using the hot nozzle of
your glue gun if you shake the bottle
the food drops out through the hole your
dog will keep eating its dazed portion
during the daytime while playing with
the food dispensing toy and it'll keep
shape to supply your pet with fresh
water
make a self filling water dispenser
you'll need two bottles of water of
different size a bowl and masking tape
join the bottles top to bottom using the
tape put the smaller bottle with its top
down into the bowl open it as soon as a
water level reaches the spout water
stops flowing out of the bottle and it
doesn't overflow fruit fruit enjoys
drinking water from her new water
dispenser
it seems she realizes the importance of
keeping her water balanced
did you like frou-frou and Matilda write
in your comments about your own pets and
life hacks you use to care for them be
sure to subscribe hit the like button
and click the bell so you don't miss our
new life hacks for any occasion
[Music]