hey everybody's me Dominique and if you
watching dollar signs for anything to
kill another time then you know that I
love contact hair so it should be no
surprise if I read this dilemma I
thought so I'm going to share with you
off on a very easy at home inexpensive
lamination so all you need is clear
contact paper that is kid needs to be
clear contact paper and what you want to
do is measure it out and I'm not sure
you can see from the camera here but
right here I've already marked my point
but basically you're just going to line
up your item whether that be a letter
size sheet of paper or a flash card like
this so I'm just going to say okay if I
put my if I put my flash card here then
I'll leave a little bit of space on each
side and that's important because just
like with regular lamination you want it
to feel a little bit past the point of
the piece of paper so I'm going to say
that this is a good spot and if you flip
it over you'll see there's little
guidelines and that will give you a
space to okay so I'm just going to take
my scissors and follow this one
so now I have my first you to contact
paper cuts to size and now I'm going to
figure out how much I need for each
flash card so I have this piece and
basically you know elimination is front
that so you want to need it at least
this big so just fold it over town and
there's a line on this side that I can
follow and or you can simply cut along
this one so now I will simply want to
peel off the contact paper and depending
on how large your paper is will
determine if you want to pull off the
whole thing upfront or if you want to
hold off and pull up a little bit and
then lay it down on your paper and block
the rest so I'm just going to lay this
down
you flip it over
and phone
and the wonderful thing is here I have a
level which happens on the regular
lamination however regular lamination
you cannot peel off and since guys it's
so exciting right so simply pull that
off and laid it back down and then I'm
just going to take my scissors and trim
off any excess and tada I have a
beautifully laminated flash card ready
to give my son now it's pretty important
that you use contact paper because
earlier I went to the store to get the
contact paper they didn't have it but
they did have book covers clear book
cover so I said I'll show that'll work
wrong if you can see here it is totally
peeling you will not stay down so even
though book cover looks the same it's
apparently it's not the contact paper is
a little bit more adhesive and it makes
all the difference when it comes to
lamination so show that ok so now that
you've done a lamination part we're
going to move on to the dry erase part
this is just as easy you're going to
take your contact paper and your
document every document it is that you
have that you want to use with dry erase
I have a simple Sunday through Saturday
calendar and I'm going to take my clear
contact paper and use to measure and now
I'm going to cut
and just like before I'm going to peel
and stick
it's important that you lay the contact
paper down on the table with the sticky
side face up so it's a little bit easier
until I have some bubbly inches I'm just
going to peel that up
to another wonderful thing about contact
papers that you leave a little bit extra
around the edges then whatever surface
you use whether that be a refrigerator
or a wall you can simply stick it right
up then you don't have to add any tape
or anything so now I have a dry erase
marker just to test things out and voila
now the ultimate test the erasing part
youthful beautiful beautiful thanks for
watching this quick tip I truly hope
it's helpful and until next time see ya
you