for a garbage disposal that's clogged
and you can hear the motor humming but
it's not working
usually it's an easy fix of just using a
tool like this to to break loose the
clog inside so the first thing you're
going to want to do is shut off the
electric going to the garbage disposal
and then you should get a wrench that
came with the government school itself
if not you can pick it up at almost any
hardware store and if they don't have it
you can have more or you want and most
of these are a standard quarter inch
allen wrench so if you don't have the
tool but if you have an Allen wrench
around the house you can use this and so
I'll show you underneath here where
we're so in the center of the garbage
disposal on the base there's a hole that
you're going to put the tool in and
you're just going to rotate this as far
as you can left and right and you might
have to push it pretty hard depending on
how bad the clog is and that should
break it free turn the electric back on
and test it with the water going full
blast on cold if it's still moving slow
or still grinding turn the electric off
and give it another twist left and right
and you do this a couple of times it
should break free whatever's in there
the other thing if you turn your
electric iron and there's no humming and
the garbage disposals not working a lot
of times the small little circuit
breaker is tripped and it's a little red
button all you have to do is press it
turn the water back on and the electric
on and see if that does the job
sometimes when there's a bad clog the
breaker will go off so there's two steps
you can take and in most cases you'll
fix your your basic clog