[Music]
welcome back to the shop I'm Greg from
Masterson's car care today I'm going to
show you how to clean dirty rubber floor
mats now if you have dirty rubber floor
mats in your car that's because you
probably like to drive off-road or use
your vehicle on a daily basis because
you have muddy boots or muddy shoes or
you live somewhere like the east coast
of the United States where it rains a
lot there's a lot of snow and you want
to keep the carpet inside your car
looking great today I'm gonna show you
how to clean your dirty rubber floor
mats using the Masterson super cleaner
now this is an all-purpose cleaner it's
designed for all services around your
vehicle plus has no color and no scent
so it's not gonna stain or harm your
floor mats Plus this can be used on
carpet and upholstery as well so it's a
great purchase for all areas of your
vehicle and it's one of the best tools I
like to have when I'm detailing any type
of vehicle now come down and we're gonna
clean this dirty rubber floor mat this
is from a BMW this thing is filthy dirty
it's an all-weather floor mat has a lot
of dirt and grime all over the floor mat
itself now you noticed there's also some
sticky coffee on there and a lot of
people take these rubber floor mats to
the car wash and then they just like
rinse them off but I don't want to rinse
off this floor mat today because there
is also some sticky residue here at the
bottom so that's why I'm gonna use the
mastersons super cleaner to break down
all the dirt on the floor mat now I'm
also gonna use this soft bristle brush
to scrub off all of the floor mats I use
it on the other floor mats and it's
gonna be a great tool to finish the last
one in the vehicle the first thing I'm
gonna do is I'm just gonna lightly hose
off the floor mat just to make sure that
it's wet when I spray on my super
cleaner now I'm gonna take my super
cleaner make sure it's turned on and
adjusts it on the sprayer there we go
and let's turn on our super clean and
I've already diluted this super cleaner
down ten to one to clean exterior
surfaces so this gonna be a great way to
clean the exterior surface so let's go
ahead and turn on our sprayer go I'm
gonna spray the whole surface I'm also
gonna spray my brush now let's take my
brush I'm just gonna gently scrub the
whole floor mat I'm using a soft bristle
brush I don't need to use a stiff
bristle brush because I'm just trying to
clean all the grooves and
is our premium detailing brush you can
pick this up right now on our website
master since wax calm and I like this
because it's a soft bristle design and
it gets down to all these little cracks
Luther it's coming off of this format
man this is a dirty dirty dirty format
and I know a lot of people that have
these types of floor mats in their cars
they like to use their vehicle they're
not they're not using a weekend driver
and you see actually the the super
cleaner doing its job and they're not
using their car as a weekend driver I
mean they're using it they're going to
work every day and I know this BMW gets
used and abused and this floor mat is
filthy dirty now the cool thing about
the mastersons super cleaner is this is
designed to break down all the stains
all the dirt all the grime and restore
the color and leave a fresh beautiful
surface on all areas of the vehicle so
now that I have the floor mat rint
cleaned from all the dirt and grime I'm
just gonna give it another quick rinse
I'm gonna take my hose
there we go I like to give my floor mat
like it turn it over push off all of the
water and then I'm gonna take a
microfiber towel and then I'm just gonna
gently dry off the floor mat look how
easy this is so easy I already did the
other three in the car there was two in
the back two in the front and this was
the last floor mat on the vehicle and
now it's gonna look great and once I go
ahead and dry the majority of the water
off of the floor mat I just let the
floor mat sit outside in the air for
about five ten minutes the rest of the
water absorb rates off the plastic or
the rubber in this case on this floor
mat and it's gonna look great then I put
it back in the vehicle
and it's ready to go to us now the floor
mats looking good it's ready to go back
in the car and this is an easy way to
keep your floor mats looking good all
year long so if you have floor mats in
the car like you have a Porsche or a BMW
or Volkswagen these are ovm floor mats
and they're expensive from the dealer
but we're able to maintain the surface
using the masterson super cleaner
because there's no color no scent and
it's gonna work on all areas of the
vehicle I hope you guys like this video
if you did give it a thumbs up and don't
forget to click that subscribe button to
check out all the other videos we have
right here on our channel and if you
want to pick up the Masterson super
cleaner hop over to our website
Masterson's wax comm or you think of
everything you to get your car looking
great now see you next time always
remember have fun stay clean and keep on
detailing
[Music]