hey guys guess who's here yep
me I know I know it's been far too long
since I posted my last video in fact my
last video was posted in 2014 and it's
now 2015 oh my gosh what's new guys
happy belated 2016 I got a new haircut
and to be honest I've just been crazy
crazy busy with work and that's the
reason I haven't been able to post a
video and it's a really really sad but I
promised you that today's recipe is
going to make up for everything because
today we are making pancakes and who
doesn't love pancakes
right this recipe is gluten free and
vegan such a healthy version of
everybody's favorite dish and I have no
doubts that all of you are going to try
it and absolutely love it so let's get
started for our pancakes we will need
good flour you guys ask me often whether
oat flour and oats are gluten free
yes they are oats are naturally gluten
free however you need to be careful
because a lot of oats get contaminated
during the processing stage because
they're processed in the same facilities
as wheat so they end up having gluten in
them if you are avoiding gluten make
sure that oats that you buy say that
they're gluten free and if you want to
make oat flour at home you simply
process the oats in a food processor for
a few seconds we'll also need millet
flour which is made out of you guessed
it millet I made a video a while back
about millet so check it out if you want
to learn more about this awesome gluten
free food all right moving on in
addition to our flour we will need
almond milk arrowroot powder I'm using
it instead of cornstarch in this recipe
lastly ingredients that we will need our
salt coconut sugar and baking powder
let's combine all ingredients in a
blender
you're going to process them for about
30 seconds until all ingredients are
well combined then you're going to let
your batter sit for five to eight
minutes meanwhile let's heat a skillet
on medium-high heat heat a tiny drop of
oil here I'm using grapeseed oil I
usually end up spreading it with a paper
towel when the oil is heated pour a
quarter of a cup of batter into the
skillet and I'm not sure why but my
camera decided to film the batter super
super bright so no this is not a UFO
it's my first pancake you're going to
cook the pancake on one side for about
two to three minutes when you see lots
of bubbles forming you're going to flip
it and cook for another two minutes
let's make another one for a quarter of
a cup of the batter after two minutes
flip your pancake check if it's ready
and remove from the skillet in between
the pancakes you might need to add a bit
more oil as always all ingredients and
directions for this recipe will be on my
website you can find the link below this
video okay I'll show you one more I
really just my camera so you can see the
bubbles clearly now the bubbles indicate
that the pancake is ready to be flipped
voila our pancakes are done but the
batter that will make you end up with
about 1000 some pancakes
I call this pancakes a hybrid between
pancakes and crepes they're not very
thick but that's exactly how I like my
pancakes I often eat this pancakes with
savory toppings such as pesto and
mushrooms and I fold them like crepes
and you can't really do that with a
fluffy pancake today I'm eating the
pancakes with bananas and maple syrup I
like to cut up a few banana slices and
put them on top of my pancake mountain
of course you can use whatever fruit you
like strawberries blueberries Kiwis and
then wrench everything with maple syrup
I let the pancakes absorb maple syrup
for a couple of minutes and become super
moist and flavorful and then I devour
them yep I usually end up having half of
the pancakes by myself I've tried many
vegan gluten-free recipes for pancakes
and nothing compares to this pancake so
I really look forward to you guys trying
them all always thank you so much for
watching don't forget to give this video
a thumbs up to let me know that you
liked it and when you make your pancakes
quickly take a picture of them and send
them to me on Instagram or Facebook so
we can all have a big pancakes party
together and I'm super excited to see
how you guys are going to decorate your
pancakes with toppings you're gonna use
because you are super super creative I
saw some of your pictures on Instagram
and I'm like whoa I promise that I will
do my best not to take such long
ridiculous breaks between my videos the
last four months have just been super
busy and super stressful and I apologize
please forgive me I hope you still like
me because I still love you very very
much
but I will see you in the next video
which I promise a little bit up here I
love you guys bye
you