[Music]
hey everybody Welcome to My Channel
today I'm going to do uh how we're going
to prepare some um some black ey peas um
before I go on I think my camera is is
getting busted doesn't look like it's in
colored anyway I will still do this
recording yes so I'm going to do some
black ey peas now to be honest I haven't
had a black ey peas since I I was a
little child because I didn't like how
it smell I didn't like how it looked but
I saw my cousin posted a a a black eye
pece dish on her Instagram um page and I
said you know what let me do the um
black ey piece which I haven't done for
years so I'm going to do it today with
some rice with my for lunch with my um
son and and Grandson so so I had some I
have one cup of black ey peas that that
I had soaking this is a dry peas it was
soaking for like about overnight so you
see it's nice and swen already soft I PL
of pressure they really coming apart and
we have I have one
tomato half of a onion some um this is
some time small Leaf th I'm going to use
two Peppers these are local Peppers
they're not that hot so I'm going to use
two some basil from my yard and I have a
piece of Ginger and I'm going to use
three garlic cloves so let I'm going to
blend up the tomato onion and the garlic
and um add it to the peas okay so in my
little n bullet here I sorry my Magic
Bullet I have the tomato onion the
garlic the basil leaves and the ginger
so I'm going to plus it a
[Music]
bit then I'm going to add this um to the
black ey peas okay so here's the peas
I'm going to add the in my pot I'm going
to add the two hot peppers make sure
that I blend it up with the tomato
basil and the garlic the other
ingredients that will go in there
now I'm going to add a b of
salt maybe about half a teaspoon for
STS going to add some water about 2 cups
of water actually a cup and a half
should do I'm going to put this on the
fire let this cook okay folks here's my
pot on the fire as you see I added the
small Leaf lime to the um to the pot
with the beans the black P pce so like I
said my my camera seems to be conk out
so when I download load it on my
computer I'll see how it looks I hope
I'm keeping my fingers crossed all right
but my phone is my backup plan as of now
all right okay here's my P coming along
nicely I just did a taste but I added
some paprika a little bit of my Bia
seasoning I also added a magi Cube so
the piece are a little not 100% soft
like how I'd like it to be so I'll leave
it a little longer until get texture
that I I'm looking for getting
there okay folks I'm all done let me
just put some of the black eye P out
with my
rice that's
it all right thanks for watching take
care bye-bye I'm going to have this for
lunch with my son and Grandson okay guys
take care bye bye
[Music]