but everybody I don't know if this is
gonna work or not but as you can see my
am headlights are fogged over and now
that I've scrubbed it like crazy just
trying them rinsing it off with water
here so let's see it looks like hey I
get the water turn it off actually it
looks some it does look a little bit
clearer well it's quite a bit clearer
[Music]
scrubbing some more here wow that's
quite a bit clearer yeah
yeah how to get rid of the moisture
that's on the inside cos you can see
there's water condensation inside there
I'll need to air it out somehow look at
this side this is really bad so we're
gonna try the same on this side and see
what happens I'm gonna start I am doing
some toothpaste along here mm that's a
toothpaste this stuff was cheap I got it
from the Dollar Tree following a buck
for the whole long tube here so get the
toothpaste there start scrubbing again
we scrub scrub scrub scrub
now they charge like twenty and fifty
dollars to clean your headlights or you
can buy really expensive rest
restoration tips but I thought I'd go
ahead and try this a toothpaste check
here and actually look like it works
rub rub rub I'm actually pushing down
kind of hard but not like super hard but
you're gonna go on a circular motion
here make sure you hit all the edges and
we're gonna rinse it off here in a
minute
see what happens okay okay that's about
it there's water to flow toothpaste here
[Music]
it's actually very clear Wow $1 solution
to them cleaning up your headlight lens