if there's one person who knows all
about being Thrifty in the home kitchen
it's my mom God I love you I love you
too now you're going to help me cook
dinner and give me some valuable tips on
how to save money in the home kitchen
right I will do you will do excellent
see easy
peasy for my ultimate Thrifty dinner
we're going to make an amazing spicy
brazed oxtail now oxtail was something
that we grow up with Y there something
you can do in the morning and put it in
the oven because it has to be cooked
really really slow yes I'm going to dust
this in flour it's amazing how many
chefs are using oxel in their menus
today it's incredible it's very popular
it's very cheap as well mhm it's amazed
how you used to make it stretch for like
five or six dinners oh I don't exactly
it's not that bad now I know why we're
all so skinny growing
up it wasn't that bad I'm joking come on
you know I'm joking but you see
sometimes we went to the but and you had
maybe extra two or three I used to put
in a sauce spin and you had lovely stock
for soup what's that spicy soup that
really nice meaton meaton and I used to
make a good pot of scotch broth Scotch
broth I remember now we'll peel a couple
of cloves of garlic look I'll show you a
quick way getting that out get your
knife and just wash it a mess no it's
not a
mess peel them and I'll crush them in
the garlic Crusher okay right oxtail in
going to fry that off okay and get that
nice and brown and we've we've all
braised it in red wine and sort of
chicken stock before but I going to get
this done with a Chinese influence the
Chinese absolutely love cooking ox toil
you do it
mhm you started cooking at home quite
early on right 17 and a half 17 and a
half your mom died quite young very
young 26 26 so who taught you how to
cook know did T you I think you just
learn as you get older and you learn by
your mistakes and then you enjoy it yes
I did enjoy it yeah that a nice
vegetable that the fennel fennel isn't
it is that lovely it's beautiful yeah a
lot of people don't use it a lot of them
use it in salads but no one actually
Cooks it you just slice that up M now
these are nice and
brown they look lovely yeah the color on
there you just slice up the chili okay
just slice it down I'm going keep the
seeds in there cuz I want some heat as
well
that's star that's right I would have
thought put that in there no one thing
you never used to do was work with many
spices there wasn't many Chinese
influences I wasn't very adventurous
with spices back then no I like ginger
do you I love Ginger especially fresh
yeah coriander seeds little Handful
in some soy
sauce quite generous in soy sauce about
four or 5 tablespoons that helps give it
that saltiness and a nice dark Rich
color on the veget so as it brazes the
meat tenderizes quicker I would never
dreamed p fenel and the chilies
and but it smells lovely does that smell
nice and then a little bit of this this
is
a a rice wine vinegar oh is it yeah what
other tips would you give me in order to
save money on cooking what got you
through that tough time feeding all six
of us and holding two
when that was in the oven sa for about
an hour and a half mhm then I would
think right I'll make a rice pudding or
put an apple pie and for the same sort
of heat use the other shelf in the oven
so you weren't just watching the pennies
in terms of the produce you also cutting
down the Gas Bell yeah wow super Nan
yeah super Nan yeah so oxtail back on
top of the vegetables going top that up
is that beef stock yeah this is a really
nice chicken stock why are you putting
chicken stock in because it's quite a
sort of light fragrant way of cooking
oxtail because oxtail itself is quite
Rich yeah chicken Stock's nice and light
just cover it with stock lovely color
isn't it it's a beautiful color little
taste here we go big deep breath okay
then oh that's lovely I can taste the
fenel on that is that nice that's
lovely
Jesus damn water fan come on
take some water now it's not water is
water come on while Mom recovers from
the kick of the chili to go with my
Oriental influenced oxtail I'm going to
knock up a quick fresh radish
salad take a bunch of radishes and
separate off the edible
leaves once washed thoroughly Place half
the radishes in the bowl with the leaves
chop the remaining radishes in half and
add them
to next peel and finally slice a banana
shalot add them to the radishes and
season with salt and pepper dress with a
good squeeze of fresh lemon juice and a
drizzle of olive
oil then
mix radish salad it's that
simple
wow look at
that that is
beautiful it just melts in your mouth
doesn't it I love the way you see that
just all sliding down the bone there's
no waste in that at all
no could you carry that to the table
please then oh yes I will do lovely and
I will grab that that is
beautiful this is my ultimate Thrifty
dinner Sumptuous slow cooked Chinese bra
dox tail with a light and peppery radish
salad Jack Holly Tilly Megan look at
this D to see what you think it's
delicious good nice mom what do you
think it's lovely is it the days gone by
a lot of people just lift it up eat it
with hands Nanny good to see you super
Nan cheers nice
[Music]