to make fill victories apple crumble you
will need four large cooking apples
peeled and chopped four tablespoons of
olive oil the zest and juice of one
large lemon 175 grams of unrefined
castor sugar two pinches of ground
cinnamon 115 grams of cold unsalted
butter 225 grams of plain flour another
140 grams of caster sugar and 25 grams
of porridge oats pre-heat your oven to
200 degrees C or gas mark 6 heat your
oil in a saucepan add the lemon zest and
juice 175 grams of your sugar cinnamon
and then add in your apples give it a
stir make sure the apples are covered
with the mixture cook the apples for
about 5 minutes till they're slightly
soft while they're cooking it's time to
make the bread crumbs you can do this in
a food processor but I'm going to do it
by hand put your flour in a mixing bowl
and add your butter start rubbing the
two together with your fingertips until
you get fine breadcrumbs once your
breadcrumbs are ready add the rest of
your sugar and mix together take the
apples off the heat and pour them into a
square baking dish cover the apples with
the crumble mixture and top with
porridge oats place in your preheated
oven for around 30 to 40 minutes or
until it's well browned on the top and
there you have your finished apple
crumble