hut-hut oh oh hey guys welcome to our
channel where today we're making kale
now we go to kill University and we
figured that I go green go big green
college theme was the perfect type shirt
to wear for a Super Bowl snack making
party Java Kenza so we decided hey we're
lazy we probably don't have anywhere to
go for the Super Bowl
but when there's an excuse to make food
we want to make food so that we can eat
it and I know what you're thinking hey
Tina I can't cook we can't either
so that makes us the perfect people to
show you how to do this
yep these are things that you can make
even if you're in college dorm or you
have no practical skills whatsoever
make sure your fire alarm is working and
has good batteries yes you never know
what to go down
so we're armed way we're up in flames
waffle irons cooking sprays and lots of
assortments of goodies and we're going
to be showing you five fun appetizers
and one dessert yes that you can make in
a waffle iron and take to your Super
Bowl party where we sink you can we're
kind of testing the theory out oh no I
have all good faith on the bait yep
where do you want to take this party
first mmm little Collins dog getting a
doggy town doggy town little coke
doggies
I saw a movie once and they called it
that and oh god they smell so good if
you're a good vegetarian why just smell
this you won't be anymore
okay so you know how to make those
little hot doggies around the holiday
and then for appetizers hey well then
can I do that
but we're just gonna stick them in a
waffle maker and see what comes out
because you might not have an oven or it
doesn't work like that
then all right assembling teams are a go
we're gonna make don't you cut these
yeah you do with like a pizza file I
have the knife these are my favorite
tools for this because they just make it
easy you know the original recipe calls
for you to cut it like three times but I
think just you know go with your guts
and if it seems like it'll work I don't
know maybe it will I only cut mine into
two so we're going to try that because I
like fat doggies so that's how
waffle art I don't assemble too closely
that is the perfect pig in a blanket
okay she didn't see it the first time oh
he's so snug how many think we can put
on at one time
I don't know mine are fat I'm ready to
put my crop gummies on the thingy okay
are you ready almost I have a couple
more sand I definitely got the one that
we used with cinnamon rolls I'm just
guessing this is smart don't get into my
kale shirt shall we I said just load it
up like as many as will fit try not to
have them touch if you can help it I
think I can do all but one ready I don't
think they're gonna close all the way
let's do it yours closed all the way I
mean it's down but it's not out still
little doughy lookie-lookie might have
to do a little cocktail some dice I'm
finished
let me close her up yours for your shirt
I need to turn mine down it but also
fatter now you're not gonna win any
presentation awards but you might donate
an innovative award yours are real
pretty
I know okay you guys need to help us
ship these pickle Pig little meson into
waffle you will call them
hashtag pickles pickles
get a plate hut-hut oh let it go but my
piffle go Cheers
mm-hmm I love the crispy dish of them
this is better than regular pigs in a
blanket
I love it I'm not gonna crown picking up
no I'm good for time you're kind of
wine-cup so good now I think I want to
take it to ever take it to paper town
okay you like doggy I like pizza so
naturally I want to take it to people
doing a piece of town all right let's
we're already very good with croissants
yes so we're you need for this our
croissants mozzarella cheese pepperonis
and some pizza sauce and you can just
put the pizza sauce in the center fold a
dip in because pizza sauce could just
get messy like I'm no bomb like I can do
mmm yeah you can't let the crescent roll
can own you you got to show it who's
boss
that would be me
what you get when you cross croissants
with a waffle iron crackles I'm gonna
kind of stretch it out to give me like a
good like little base to like build on
Christoffel CRA's offals cause it's like
croissant pizza waffles Chris offals she
you traded mat so if you make any videos
with Chris offals in it we own you
oh it's gonna be so cheesy okay I'm just
gonna do a one pepperoni crowning
achievement I don't want too much either
I'm really in it for the cheese
there we are nice now we're gonna tuck
her in tucker and go night-night chest
high so and just kind of like press it
so it like stays tucked in you don't
want any of those good bits coming out
in it under cheese - my second one oh my
gosh my feet the pockets are so ready to
go oh good I see cheese trying to break
out whoo see that mash it okay here we
go in Denver County I want these to work
the most what about the pen a nice we're
not there yet
all right so while you're waiting on
those two pizza you can get yourself
ready okay I'll take your paper sauce
and you know just put it in the bowl Oh
Oh beautiful
that might be my favorite thing ever and
I might start doing it whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Oh trying
to get cheesy with it Nana Nana Nana you
know I'm here for the waffle but you're
trying to cheese on you
oh no no no God suckers are hot whoa
shall we taste the CRA's awful I think
we shall I don't know what to pick pick
one of yours and I'll pack on mine okay
I don't know which ones are mine I think
these are mine oh my gosh whoo cheesy
pulled cheesy pull Oh cheers cheers
Cheers
hmm okay you know I think this is
amazing touch - Frank Rizzo and your
Super Bowl party snacks it's like why
don't more people do this for a party
you did up fast delicious food update -
I think the only place to take it now
would be video all right I don't know
where we're so excited I don't either
thank you I don't have spoken sidious
give me an a city yeah we open them
already because we're prepared we don't
have all the skills but we do with
butter and we'll guys for that have
skills yeah all right second question do
we make a quesadilla like that yeah
what are these bad you're gonna need a
stick of butter and you could just rub
the stick on back on wax off the case
Vidya you're gonna want to get some
Mexican cheese for this or whatever
cheese you prefer we just like the
Mexican cheese I'm Paula Deen y'all baby
I'm all buddy yo quesadilla don't tell
the people that you're bringing the food
to Dee you just did that and also don't
invite me to parties what's the smell oh
wait definitely the cheese Oh somebody
ate cheese and then cut it so I think we
lay one down and then we just start
sprinkling it sprinkle keep it in the
center keep it in the center I just
really touched it
got the terrible burn hey I'm gonna
close these well don't waffle without
supervision adult supervision or someone
who knows what they're doing not us
oh my gosh what is it doing calling it
I'm calling it and we're cutting so
crispy it's gonna be delicious like you
know I know all right shall we try it
we shall ah Cheers mm-hmm I do love some
very light cheese fried together all
right better than burger or Chris videos
I know they're crispier mm-hmm now we're
taking it to leftover town you're like I
have a Super Bowl party to go to
I don't really have anything to make and
I ate macaroni last night because you're
in college and lazy and that's what you
eat for dinner so leftover mac chilled
it in a little pan and now we're gonna
make some little mac and cheese nom noms
I think they're gonna end up in balls
because we tried to cut it into cubes
and I think it's gonna be like oh it's
cheesy I don't want to touchy and
tipping oh oh you're falling apart
little mac and cheese by dunky dunky
bread crumbs bread crumbs let's go
maximize it go good like a corn fritter
stay together all right all right all
mac and cheese fights are not created
equally cannot win in any beautification
Awards on this one God it's beyond a
bomb looks like a waffle fry no Cheers
okay uh yeah that definitely looks like
egg all right I would like it if it
needs salt it's not salty enough how
caught you this could eat up mm-hmm but
it's a little messy you know what time
it is her name
hey now watch me whip watch me nae nae
watch me whip whip watch me nae nae baby
Oh burn we're gonna butter your bread I
guess I'll get the meat ready I'm not
listening to that because we are Pinay
neighing okay this one is gonna be a
turkey and cheese pineapple ham and
cheese sounds better but I like Turkey
so I'm gonna put this in the crosshairs
of the waffle iron cuz it will give us
four pieces of mayonnaise love it we're
not ready
mmm that's right Nene down cheese meat
side side other side yeah
turkey meat turkey meat aisle bread it
and tonight a it and pineapple it and
we're paneling oh it's all good it's
looking good overall I believe that
waffle iron some food ingredients equal
success doesn't yeah yeah you had
anything in there basically I mean there
are any other events you'd like us to
waffle for you let us know
Kvapil your prom weekend waffle your
prom week a waffle your Valentine's Day
we could waffle your great-aunts
birthday we could waffle you're great
and probably be pretty mad at us but
they tried to walk with me if we did it
did not work I don't recommend it the
cheese is coming out you're done okay
we're done okay oh it's beautiful
we're just gonna have to trust races
that this tastes good I just don't do
hot damages like that oh it's hot hot
it's hot it's hot
oh it's hot mmm I would be really good
if you had like some condiments to dress
this up with mmm she said it things what
I'm excited about I'm so excited because
we did all the salty and now we're
bringing you the sweet weasels
normally we would have Chris peed the
cream we would have but we have a Dunkin
Donuts really close so we got some donut
hole and we're gonna show you how to
spruce up if you're like actually those
are munchkins okay well if you're like
us no we wouldn't do this but if you're
like late-night study done a hole to eat
your doughnut holes and you get the next
morning and you're like I have doughnut
holes left and I have a Super Bowl party
to go to
but I don't want to go do anything get
your waffle maker she leftover done a
holes and make up Omega and waffle um we
have blueberry glaze powder and
chocolate shall we do an assortment of
each sure why don't we just do it roll
them on all right shall we spray spray
your down pick your poison
yeah it's hard not to just eat these one
two three ready
hmm the powdered is gone
yeah doing much to these they're already
cooked wait you were missing one talk
while you're donating I mean wait waffle
donuts duffle novel while you're Dahlan
not to be confused with davon what
funner way to present these then with
Nutella I think mine are earning it
smells burning get them out and get them
up get them up get them up with my white
come on I do a low huh huh not hot it
fell it though
blueberry overboard and so we're gonna
put the Nutella in a bowl so that your
company can dip their ish in something
because some of these Donuts may still
be a little dry but they're still
delicious is that right they look like
delicious waffle bites oh my god oh my
god oh my god touchdown touchdown and
two-point conversion yep oh you didn't
know we knew that smashed it smashed it
okay I'm going to try I guess the really
dry ones are the powdered Donuts the
plane I mean the glazed Chino you hooker
oh my god so good but very easy really
soft whoa
the blueberry wine is overall good I'm
like a doughy get cake donut bite donut
holes with ham freight dogs for the win
oh my god I'm kind of thought that that
was gonna be a fail but it's not fail
all delicious oh my god
all right I'm speechless all right
sports fans and non cooking aficionados
Tracy with Nutella on her face where is
it
we need you guys tell us which are the
recipes you think are the coolest and
have you tried any of them and and
you're going to what else do we need to
waffle smash she's like what's some sure
did I look like a toddler that's like
tell us who do you think is gonna win a
Super Bowl and what are you doing for
the Super Bowl I know what you're doing
and who's your team if it's not somebody
that's a super what's your favorite the
game or the commercials all right guys
that's all the waffling we're gonna be
doing today get our final huge thumbs up
if you want to see us waffle more things
and do more videos cuz we might do more
videos and subscribe for not already
because it love you and he wants you to
stay and hang out and do fun things like
and we will talk to you guys another
video soon drew will oh hi guys hey guys