hey I wanted to introduce all of you to
the Cape gooseberry or physalis
peruviana it's an exciting fruit it's
also called golden berry because of the
gold fruit inside the little paper husks
it's also called husk a cherry because
of these husks look at it comes in its
own tiny little package dries on the
vine and then turns into this beautiful
golden color so golden berry or Incan
berry because it comes from the land of
the Incas from the Andes they work with
it and it's also called the gold see
golden berry
Inca berry physalis peruviana ground
cherry Cape gooseberry and husk cherry a
huge amount of names for one little
fruit and it's been a little-known fruit
until recently but this is about to be
discovered big time and you can get in
on it these are one of the best
adaptogens around in other words they
help your body adapt to problems you're
having it's going to make you it whether
you're a high end blood pressure or low
end blood pressure it helps normalize it
if you're high on blood sugar or low and
blood sugar it helps normalize it in
other words an adaptogen normalizes
functions in the body and they taste
good what a bonus and so these are you
can put these on a table if you grow
these and let's say you are working
yourself to farmers markets if you have
a sample of these basket of these out
they will fly off the shelves and you
can tell people that they have the
highest one of the highest protein
counts of any fruit in the whole fruit
in the plant in the fruit kingdom at any
rate 16 to 17 percent or even higher a
protein high vitamin a high vitamin B
high all kinds of vitamins and very
healthful food in fact we could call a
superfood or we could call it
and a functional food is another word
and some people call them nutraceuticals
I don't like that a little bit as much
but functional food or super food
everybody knows what a super food is
it's gonna make you feel super perform
super so anybody you know that can grow
tomatoes in their location can grow
these so I'd like to introduce you to
the plant here we go show yourself to
the people look at this beautiful plant
this whole spread here from here all the
way over to there to there all the way
to that Ella campaign this is to plants
this is the result of two plants that
went in this spring it's just like a
tomato started in a greenhouse and then
you plant it out after danger of frost
and look at that canopy I think it kind
of looks like a rainforest canopy he has
this multi-level
canopy approach quite a quite exotic so
if we if we pick up under here and take
a look partition parsley here involved
too but this is see they bear these
little their little capsules along the
stem at the leaf axils and let's see if
we can find some so the riper here's one
see here's one that's ripening down here
so that one is pale yeah that's good
enough to eat it's actually split if you
get and pull a few leaves and things out
of the way here so you get an idea
what's happening on the ground see down
here there are all these ground cherries
that when they ripen they just fall to
the ground and their little husk and
just wait for you to pick them up and
dissenter in a little Hut so they don't
mold so there it's kind of a durable
fruit and so underneath here we'll
eventually it just becomes littered with
them so you have to come through here
every maybe I probably tend to do it
about every five days
in the height of the season and pick up
all the pasta cherries that are down in
here a little bit of cleaning up usually
they come really dry and clean looking
just a slight bit of mulch would
probably be good underneath there so any
right they'll produce they produce as
you can see hundreds of fruits over a
pretty long period of time so the
earlier you get them in the bigger they
are of course the more production you
can get per year but it's very
productive very tasty very healthful
food and so I'd like to see more of you
growing Cape gooseberry or physalis
peruviana out there so I've been growing
physalis for old company five years or
so and my experience has been that they
sell seed a lot you don't get all the
fruits down there the seeds are in the
soil and then they could they come up
late in the spring they're not an early
weed so to speak they come up in the
garden towards the end towards later in
spring and if you keep your eye out in
form you'll have lots of volunteers in
other words once you plant them one time
if you manage for volunteers you should
be able to have them keep coming on
infinitum so in other words that's
another good characteristic they will
plant themselves given the opportunity