how to remove coffee stains from carpet
grab some paper towel and gently blot
the stain do not scrub absorb as much of
the liquid as possible before the coffee
stain sets in flush the area of the
carpet with no more than one cup of cool
water with another towel continue
blotting the area next mix two cups of
lukewarm water with 1/4 cup of lemon
juice add a bit of liquid dishwashing
detergent to the mix as well if you
don't have lemon juice you can also use
1/3 cup white distilled vinegar - 2/3
cup water apply the solution with a
clean sponge don't soak the sponge but
get it damp enough to have an effect
when applied to the stain begin at the
outside of the coffee stain and gently
rub in a circular motion working your
way to the inside of the stain rinse the
area with clean cold water using a clean
dry towel remove any excess moisture if
the coffee stain remains repeat this
process until the stain disappears for
more spot cleaning solutions visit spot
removal quite calm