hey guys you're welcome back to my
youtube channel alright so if you knew
you're welcome and thank you very much
for stopping by
alright guys in today's video I just
want to show you a very simple remedies
on out to get white eyes now your
smoking is the whites of your eyes
becoming brown or are you exposed so
much to the Sun that the weight of your
eyes is becoming Brown okay so in this
video I'm going to be telling you some
fuels tips oh now you can't get the
whites of your eyes white if you find
this video interesting please share and
thumbs up subscribe to my youtube
channel that if you're new you have any
questions to ask me please do that on my
website the link will be at my comment
section it spin down there download my
mobile app or Google Play Store
editorial Beauty five five six and
subscribe to my vlog Channel is who you
know semen daily lifestyle yeah guys
let's jump right into this video
okay guys so the first tips on how to up
the whites of your eyes whiten is that
it's fruit stuck on that contains
vitamin C like orange quaver grape seeds
strawberry
broccolis and red pepper those are few
of the foods that contains vitamin C so
eat it and the number two remedy avoid
caffeine sugar and fat um like coffee
coca avoid raw sugar because it kind of
irritates your eyes therefore when you
when you scrub its makes your eyes good
you know don't eat so much of fatty
needs
don't eat so much of foxy food try to
take those faculty that I recommend you
should take in my channel I'm gonna be
leaving some of the link down below and
try to take them and that is going to
help in you know wetting your eyes also
now the next what about your eyes with a
very cool towel now if your stress you
just dip your towel into a cool water
and you cover your eyes with tips now
you can leave that on your eyes while
you you know take your nap and this
would help you know in relieving the
stress in your tired eyes therefore you
know whitening the whites of your eyes
the next one is that you have a good nap
like you sleep very well rest your eyes
because the eyes also works so so much
and that's would help the nerves around
and the veins are in your eyes to rest
therefore the blood that is supposed to
circulate around your eyes is just going
to come down and that would you know
make your eyes so wide now the next one
is that use a very cool water
when you'll be really really really
tired and your eyes are red most of the
time when you finish crying you just use
a very cool water like this you make
sure to drop it into your eyes like and
you can close your eyes for about 30
seconds and I won't help you know to
relieve the redness of your eyes like
that is what I do most of the time and I
would help in whitening your eyes so so
well now the last one is that you cover
your eyes with slice kicking back
okay now this in this way it would help
to come your eyes and reduce your tired
eyes if you stretch out all those
wrinkled face and it would help in
lightening your eyes okay so the next
one is that you use eyes like a ice cube
close your eyes
apply the ice cube over your eyes and
massage it a little this can be so so
discomforting like to get into your
brain like I do that unlock and this is
going to help you whitening your eyes
solve so much so that if you do love
this video please give it a huge thumbs
up and subscribe to my youtube channel
please share this video for your friends
also to see you have any questions
please ask me all of your questions on
my websites the link will be at my
comment section it spin down there
subscribe to my vlog channel to see my
daily life style the link will be at my
description box and I'll see you guys in
my next video bye guys