[Music]
well hello there my friends welcome back
to the Scott Reed project now today it's
a bit of a follow on video now some of
you may or may not have seen my
Yorkshire pudding rap video if you
haven't I will put it down in the
description the Yorkshire pudding rap is
super super cool super super trendy but
a lot of people have said well I'd love
to make that but how do you make
Yorkshire puddings well today I'm going
to show you now it's really really
simple not a lot of ingredients what
I've got basically is 300 mil of milk
you want full fat or at the least semi
skimmed I've got 150 grams of plain
flour 3 eggs a bit of salt and my trick
I always put a bit of commons mustard
powder in and then my cooking oil of fat
of choice is lard now you can use
vegetable oil dripping or rapeseed oil
but you want to stay away from olive oil
because it needs to get really smoking
hot and I think the best thing is either
large or dripping now what we're going
to do then very quickly is we're going
to make up our batter now the trick with
making Yorkshire puddings it's all about
heat you want a smoke you're not oven
you want your tray really hot and you
want to get when you put your oil or fat
in that's smoking hot too and that is
the trick to Yorkshire so without
further ado simple as 150 grams of plain
flour in a decent pinch of salt now like
I said I like a bit of Commons in there
I'm not measuring it I don't know what
we say about a teaspoon then we get our
milk in there like I said 300 of 300 mil
and then we get our eggs in there
couldn't be easier and then it's a case
of just getting in there and whisking it
all together now you can use a hand held
mixer if you like not a problem you want
to mix it until it's all nice and smooth
get all the lumps out of it and that
commons mustard gives it a nice color
also gives it a little bit of it in a
thick Wow once this is fully mixed what
you want to do is you want to put it
into a container or a jug and then just
lit cover it and leave it on the side
just for about 30 minutes and then that
time get your have oven really hot mine
set at gas mark 7 you'll see the
conversion up there and I've got my tray
in there warm in as well so pretty much
what we need to do is back into the jug
and cover it with a tea towel and leave
it for 30 minutes that is all the hard
work done simple so my butter has been
sat for 20 minutes then I have add my
oven on like I said gas mark 7 for 20
minutes with my train I'm just going to
pull my tray out for that then I'm gonna
put my lard on there's about 50 grams of
lard there get a good coverage and then
we want to put this back in and heat
this large or if you're using oil for
another 10 minutes ok that slightly of
them a slider thing on rollerskates
right back in the oven for 10 minutes
easy tiger so I will just give the
butter one more final flourish just a
quick settle and then we'll get our tray
out now should be nice and hot you want
your fat your oil to be smoking hot that
is the trick and then as soon as it's
the
the tray it will start to cook that
Schmo can so just evenly distribute it
up into the corners
obviously we're making this as if we
were making a Yorkshire pudding wrap but
if you just want to make Yorkshire
puddings just use a cookie tin and just
put a tablespoon of oil in each one or
fat and then divide this mixture between
the tins okay then in the oven for about
20 minutes
2025 minutes keep an eye on it you don't
want to burn it but it needs to have
puffed up and be nice and golden brown
right sleep tight sweet prince
okay then mine have been in my oven for
20 minutes and it should look a little
bit like that have a look at that how
wonderful now if we are going to make
those Yorkshire pudding wraps what you
need to do while it's still warm is just
press it down I mean you can even take
it out the tray if you want to burst in
those lovely bubbles nice and crispy if
you check the colour of it is well that
lovely Colman's mustard just gives it
that lovely edge hot-looking it home
look at it I mean that's food porn right
there and it you know I'm going to make
you rap you know you would just cut it
in half I don't know where should we go
I don't know we take a little bit off
there and then you would have your meat
your gravy talking a gravy talking of
bravery baby oh yes look at that
people rude not to wouldn't it what you
Ratan oh ah that is to die for
in their decadent hey Yorkshire put in
engraving you don't need nothing else D
and cuff shiny is crispy n bit that's
gotta go in there might just make a
quick mini wrap get some Colman's
mustard on there and I've got some
leftover beef from the weekend so just
get some of that on like I said you
normally have a token veg or something
like that then we'd get just a little
bit of gravy bearing in mind the trick
to this is nice thick gravy and then I
suppose we just wrap it wrap it real
good God look
no ma'am it's hardcore you know the
score just look just look at it
definitely need a cigarette and the
cuddle after this well there you go my
friends that's how you make the
Yorkshire pudding for the Yorkshire
pudding wrap can't leave us alone I
cannot leave this alone it's just too
good just too good okay this has got to
stop I cannot have it any more because
it's just it's like crack it's hardcore
no more step away from the Yorkshire
anyway if you've enjoyed what you seen
here today please click subscribe when
you see my beautiful face come up down
here
also find me on my social media or on
facebook Scott Murray and the Scott Reed
project pages get on there click follow
also on my twitter at scott ari projects
and please do if you're feeling generous
check out my patreon page the link is in
the description so until next time I
mean this this this is hardcore what am
I going to do with it I know my son
wants one what should I do
well I love that beer no I'm not my lad
at one with out there oh god I hope
you're not watching this hungry guys and
girls
cuz this is torture in it absolute
torture mmm take care go on just one
bite
mm-hmm