[Music]
hey guys welcome to the tasty Delights
Channel I'm yiss and today we're going
to be making a turkey cake for
Thanksgiving so let's go ahead and get
started you will need two round cakes I
use two 6in pans you also need two cake
circles a cake turntable and a spatula
to decorate the cake you'll need white
yellow orange red chocolate or brown and
black
frosting Begin by icing the bottom layer
of your cake with chocolate frosting
then stack your top layer onto your
bottom layer and frost your entire cake
don't worry about making the top of the
cake perfect right now because our
turkey decoration will cover it once
you're done frosting your cake take the
yellow frosting using a petal tip with
the white and down to begin making the
Ruffles start at the center of your cake
and work your way out by spinning the
turntable slowly as you
[Music]
go repeat the process with your orange
and red frosting until you've completely
covered the top of the
[Music]
cake using round number 12 tip draw a
tear shape with a little rounded top and
fill it in with chocolate frosting you
can use a spoon to smooth it
out using a round number three tip with
white frosting draw on two small circles
for the
eyes then pipe smaller black dots in the
center using a round number two tip draw
small triangle for the
beak then draw the snood and waddle in
red
[Music]
use a star tip to make a shell border on
the bottom of the cake by squeezing the
Piping Bag and pulling away and you're
done so there you have it I really hope
you enjoyed this video and if you did
please let me know by pressing the like
button and subscribe for more videos
thank you so much for watching see you
next time