so this is what you're gonna need just
kind of I have these two really cheap
plain red candles some double-sided tape
scissors the glitter I chose my gold
glitter then I have a at home and a glue
gun for this one we're gonna do a
decoration with double sided tape and
glitter all you need to do is put the
tape around the side that you want and
the size that you want just like this
and we're in here trying to do it fine
as straight as you can
and cut
just to deal
the best line you can now all you need
to do is take the top off all around get
the glitter yes
it's messy and all you need to do is
this put a lot of glitter you can always
get the extra that is falling off and
reuse it so it's okay you need to use a
lot so you're sure it will stick you can
also cut some patterns like the way you
want I just did something just a bit
different here but well you can also cut
stars trees well I don't know names you
can do basically whatever you want
that's the point of doing it at home I
mean when you go to a store you may not
find exactly what you want and
at home it's cheaper and you can do just
the way you want to so you can have fun
and well write names right Merry
Christmas
whatever you want so it's the same just
put the glitter on top just like so just
tap it so it sticks
so something really quick when you're
trying to take glitter off something
like this with this sharp sharp edges
and irregular edges and something like
that it's easier if you have brush I'm
just using this old angled brush yes
it's a makeup brush I'm probably gonna
go to beauty hell but well it's old I
don't use it anymore so it's easier see
you just go right to the edge and it's
easier just to take the extra glitter of
the candle you'll get better finish see
well it also helps and please don't
judge me but it helps to be wearing out
clothes so you can just clean the brush
just like this you'll get the glitter
you clean on your sleeve well this can
look gross but it's just glitter it will
come off and it sure helps well doing
this because you really need to be
patient and this does make the job
quicker believe me and it will help you
to make it look flawless
just like the candles here you see in
the stores so there you go
and I mean you can just wash it so no be
right
you