welcome back to another edition of
delectably different in the kitchen
today I'm just going to be bringing you
a quick helpful tip on how to make
perfect faux clotted cream quick and
easy all you need for this quick easy
recipe is electric mixer a medium sized
mixing bowl and three ingredients start
out with we're going to put a cup of
heavy whipping cream in the bowl you're
going to mix this on high speed until
you have nice thick whipping cream next
you're going to add in a tablespoon of
powdered sugar and now we're going to be
mixing in a container of marscapone
cheese it's a 4 ounce size and we're
going to do the 3 parts
after you have all whipped together you
can choose to add flavorings or not for
a perfect faux pas de creme we are not
going to we're going to do it as is and
there you have it perfect full quoi de
creme perfect with us go enjoy