hey guys so today I'm going to show you
how to clean out your candle jars after
you're all done burning them so that you
can reuse them for something else after
your candles are all done burning and
they lose their life uh you'll have a
little bit of wax left in the bottom
there and all you have to do is clean
that out and you have a perfectly good
jar to use for something else so let me
show you how I did it let's
go to get started you're just going to
put your candle into the freezer as you
can tell I have done this once or twice
before you're just going to let it chill
in there overnight and when you wake up
in the morning it will be ready for
cleaning after your candle is done
chilling like a villain inside your
freezer take it out take a knife and
force it in between the wax and the side
of the jar this will pop the wax out
usually in one piece but because mine
wasn't in the freezer long enough or it
was too thick it was
difficult if you're having some trouble
with your wax just push and twist your
knife into some of the cracks that form
and it'll help pop the wax out
I promise you guys these first pieces
are the hardest to get out after you get
these stubborn little pieces out it's a
breeze from there and uh I promise you
it is worth
it if you break the wax up into smaller
chunks like I am here it makes it a lot
easier and it'll come out a lot quicker
for
you don't be afraid to get in there with
your hands a little bit and get that wax
out sometimes it's difficult and it's
just easier than a
knife the next step is to clean out your
candle these wigs here are just stuck
onto the candle using glue so you just
have to use hot water to get them out I
microed my water for about a minute dump
it in there and then swish it around
this will help the glue to come loose
and the wick to come off pretty easily
bringing back my trusty Dusty knife to
get these Wicks off a little bit more
difficult this one than I thought it
would be my water wasn't hot enough at
first I suppose didn't freeze long
enough didn't use hot enough water yeah
this was doomed from the
start that is a pretty good thing though
to keep in mind the hotter the water you
use the easier the glue will come off so
try using the hottest water that you can
stand
next we're just going to give our candle
a nice good scrubbing here I use just
regular dish soap to clean it out it
cuts the grease and the wax pretty well
I just use my fancy dcy brush here wash
it out rinse it out stuff like
that y just like you're doing dishes
hooray next you're just going to take
the stickers off that front one comes
off pretty easily the bottom one's a
little bit more difficult use your nail
or a knife to scratch it off because
it's been soaking in the water it does
come off pretty easily
though this sticker is going to leave
behind some glue but just like the glue
from the Wix if you just use some hot
water like uh like I am here oh that was
too hot for me cool it down a little bit
just use some hot water and your fingers
the friction will actually rub it right
off for
you lastly give your jar a good old
scrub duub dub just to get the extra
glue wax anything like that that might
have been left behind off rinse it a
couple times again using the hot water
will help this to come clean
faster and then Tada you have a nice
clean new jar to use thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed this and I'll
see you next time bye