hey guys welcome back to my channel it's
Sierra today I'm coming with another
video on how to kind of layer I'm new
with this it's my second time doing this
today I'm going to be doing a Chiefs
girl as you can see I already have her
weeded out I cut her with my Silhouette
Cameo 3 I'm using some regular HTV and
then I also have a couple of litter
things and when you put it on her um so
let's go ahead and get started I have a
basic guild in I believe guild on white
t-shirt but I purchase from Hobby Lobby
my vinyl is already on here of course I
always have struggles getting her
centered but she won't be sent she'll be
all kind of to my left this is just her
skin tone layer that's the first layer
it's the skin tone I think that looks
pretty good
she's pretty big I think I could hurt at
almost eleven point five inches maybe
I'm not mistaken I want to play around
with the size and see how it looks on
the shirt I have my Teflon sheet and you
guys I do want to invest in a pillow a
pressing pillow I think they're called
I think that's something I need to
invest in so apply minimal pressure a
couple of seconds just so that it sticks
my first layer I have my heat press set
to I believe 300 today I didn't want it
to be too too high because I do have a
few different elements for this shirt
so just want to carefully peel back the
cover sheet
try not to lift up any of the vinyl
because like I said just at a very very
quick press okay and you guys could
always keep your cover sheets you can
always use them for other projects when
you're doing any kind of shirts or
anything like that so there's that
that's our base for our shirt today I
want to come over and I may need to kind
of pull my shirt now a smidge because I
do have this is going to be which is
very pretty yes this is going to be our
second layer and this should line up if
I did my measurements correctly should
line up to where you know her skin is
showing on her feet and a little skin
little pickable skin through the pants
and the fingers so let me get this lined
up like it should be and I'll be right
back
alright guys so I got that second layer
on of course it wouldn't be right if I
didn't get the measurements off which
I'd be it but you're gonna see a little
bit some of the white shine where the
skin tone is but like I said I'm just
I'm still learning this Larry Fink and
I'm checking my measurements correct
when I do cut my projects out so that's
my girl
man she's gonna have a shirt with KC on
it I have the arrow that's going to go
next to her that way I have earrings for
her and little buttons and things like
that for her as well then I'm going to
add the little details kind of as I go
so she'll have like the Chiefs I may
have to just adjust it and play with it
how does that go
so like the Chiefs gonna be there the
arrow will kind of be there in a way and
then the girl which is also in the black
glitter will be maybe about here or so
[Music]
trying to proportion everything out
proportion it out right
so cheeks girl maybe they're like maybe
laughing overlapping her arm and then
the arrow up top and I do have a little
so let's begin didn't want to go ahead
and press the Chiefs first to see the
placement how far I want it so overlap
on her arm just want to pull these off
and work on this one and I may have it
about there kind of over overlapping
run do a quick press little pressure not
a whole lot we still have a few elements
to go on this shirt I think next I want
to get the clam shell heat press the
swivel it's not too bad but it's kind of
in the way I'll have a lot of space
right here to work with so I think the
clam shell or whatever it's called will
probably work better given that I am
limited so space so carefully pull it
off and then do a quick did a quick
press on it so guys like I said you have
another way to do layering I'm missing
something or I'm holding I'm pressing it
to longer down below and you know work
those tips into my upcoming videos the
next what I'm going to do its girl and I
think I want it maybe about there
I'm sure it's straight I'm wanting to be
wearing this shirt myself but I can only
you know make mistakes and learn from
women do better on the next one like
this measuring and making sure I get
each layer the same size so everything
fits in good that's what I need to work
on so I think that looks pretty good to
me I'm gonna go ahead again like that my
sheet and I will do a final press maybe
a quick 10-second press at the end and
get make sure everything is on there
good quick five-second press I got
beaker future
the transfer sheets go to me and every
little thing just stick on there stick
to it I'll wash it for another I'm
probably a watch the shirt maybe in 48
hours it's supposed to wait at least 24
but I usually wait maybe 48 hours to
wash just to be sure everything took
well to the shirt
well piece of hair off for there the
measurements on that elbow there's a
really off all right so I got my cheese
I got my girl on there they're my free
little girl here the next part to her
which will be like a little detail swear
pants which I need to kind of course my
measurements just oh good grief so let
me do this we play around with it and
I'll be back all right guys come back so
I added the gold detail to her my
measurements are so off it's not even
funny
so that means it next time let make sure
I measure everything the proper way I
thought I'd be at this time but
apparently not so the next part of the
shirt is going to be the little arrow
head they're just gonna go right up
there
it looks good I like it but like I said
my measurements aren't completely off
it's just not even funny
thank goodness I'm making this for my
mom or anybody because that is not a
good job on the measurement at all so
quick press get that arrow nice and
stuck to the shirt now this is gonna be
easier than I thought I'm gonna have a
lot of cover sheet left on that so
that's good so there's the arrow you
guys can see that it's white the next
part is going to be the Casey and I did
this in black glitter I'm gonna overlap
it with the red but I should have just
did regular black HTV so I may not even
use that black for the outline part of
it I may just go ahead and just use the
red no no you're supposed to layer
Witter on top of glitter if you guys
know the answer to that please leave me
a comment let me know you can layer on
cuz I'm not 100% sure if you can so I
may just go ahead that doesn't look bad
just go ahead and put the Casey in the
red one there
cannot use that black outline so another
quick press and we're almost at the
finish line I had to put on her little
shirt and then the little red cake that
goes on her shirt and the man cut that
helmet out but I didn't cut it out in
vinyl
I used the Avery brand hate shrink order
to come printable you transfer paper I
believe is what it's called so I want to
use that instead of the vinyl there's a
lot of details on it so I figure if I
print it out in color it'll still look
nice that way so I want to use that
here's her shirt
they'll go about here some wanna go
ahead and press that on JA this is crazy
these are measurements okay believe it
time to practice puff a that much so
that's gonna be her shirt oh lordy be
I think it looks good are you looking
for from afar you get close-up on me let
me tell you you'll be able to see all
the walls looking afar she looks great
yeah she does some other quick press
won't do one as difficult or but has so
many pieces to it maybe I'll keep it at
maybe three or four different pieces
keep it a bare minimum on the pieces I
have her little Casey is gonna go
directly in the center of her shirt that
is too doggone big but it'll work press
I definitely want to remake this shirt
just so I can do it the way that I we
just have all the pieces to it line up
like it should this is the little helmet
I cut out let us use like I said some
regular with an Avery brand printable
paper and that's just gonna go right
down below by her foot
one of you the paper that came with
quick my Teflon sheet one type of it to
protect the other vinyl so one layer it
first with this which is a sheet fitted
hang with you want to put this Teflon
sheet over the top to protect my heat
transfer vinyl press it on there give it
a little pressure this may be my final
press I believe everything it's it came
together pretty well outside of my
measurements but I think it can turn out
to be a good shirt so my final press one
sheet and there you have it there is
your Casey girl hope you guys get a good
picture that view of that there's the
helmet alright so that was another
layering video for you guys I'll be back
to do more videos maybe doing SVG videos
and things like that you guys want to
see more give me a comment below like
and subscribe see you next time