hey guys I'm coming to you with a great
tip today a friend dropped by today and
said that he would love to have super
white whites of his eyes and I was like
yeah sure I can get you something you
know and this is what I gave him
shin Del's mineral yen now this
definitely comes from Austria so they
had to get it all the way shipped from
Austria and if you look this stuff up
it's not gonna say anything about making
your eyes wider or shinier or the color
of your eyes brighter it will say about
your skin it will say about your hair
your nails
exposure to radiation what else
chemotherapy this is loaded with super
minerals it's from volcanic ash and
we have a compound there in the south of
Austria I think so yeah don't mind that
that's that's just my baby they're
playing so anyway yeah I really want
super white and this stuff works fast
like I mean in a week or sure you're
gonna have like super white whites of
your eyes not yellow not pink not very
red veins or anything it's really milky
bright white the color of your eyes is
gonna be so much brighter and the whole
eyeball it's gonna be so shiny and
lustrous like I said this is full of a
minerals it's a silica it mostly silica
but it also has iron magnesium and a
whole list of other super minerals from
volcanic ash it's just a powder
so if anyone really really wants that
and it's also like when I take this I
take it at night take teaspoon at night
or you can take it in the morning as
well but I just take it at night it
works fine something like if you want to
grow out your nails your nail biter if
you've got brittle nails if you have
anything with your nails discoloration
all that it works so like the next
morning you will notice that your nails
are so strong and your hair grows really
fast and
not just the length of it but the volume
of your hair get some more gets more
get thicker hair I say you just get
thicker hair so this is definitely what
to use if you wants to provide eyes
clear
brilliant diamond shiny beautiful eyes
everything like that oh and not just
that teeth Wow this like makes your
teeth not only going to feel your teeth
stronger I've seen your own bone
structure within your own gums but it
makes your teeth so much whiter and it
really builds your teeth you can tell
ability of bones your nails our bones it
builds your teeth inside of them if
they're gray it's gonna make them super
white it's gonna fill in your bones so
this is really good people have gradable
as well yeah that's just my super great
tip for you guys I know I said like
super like 20 times but whatever yeah so
try it out I guarantee you that this
works just shipping me like maybe twenty
dollars or something and
it costs around 25 euro for
400 grams this is a thousand grams but I
found a website that it's 25-year old
4,000 grams and the shipping is about
$15 I will link the whisper website
below because I was searching everywhere
and that's the best website I found so
far and
Amazon European Amazon they don't and
suck anymore so I don't know maybe by
now that well you can give it a try but
I'll put the link below for this stuff
and it really works like there's a whole
bunch of testimony Mamoni ons there's a
whole list of stuff people owe high
blood pressure
is helping with the vessels your heart
valves all those kinds of things makes
your skin shiny mix if you want to have
like classic shiny skin this stuff makes
your skin so shiny I think I mentioned
everything that's it that's my great tip
for you guys today I hope you take
advantage of it
this I have about this much left I'm
gonna be actually giving this to him and
I'm gonna go ahead and buy another one
so I hope you guys do too and I hope it
works for you I know it will alright see
you guys