hi everybody it's Dr Sam Robbins today's
topic is how you can reverse and remove
calcium deposits and plaque buildup from
your arteries and I'll reveal the three
best ways that you can naturally do this
now calcium has many benefits and it's a
very important mineral especially in
your bones but not in your arteries in
your heart in fact calcium deposits and
plaque buildup is a sign of early aging
so you really need to be proactive and
reverse and remove the calcium and
plaque buildup for anti-aging reasons
and purposes for improving blood flow in
circulation also help reduce the risk of
a heart attack or stroke and the good
news is that no matter how old you are
or how bad things may seem in your
arteries you can definitely help reverse
and remove the calcium and the plaque
buildup and you can do it naturally
without drugs or any crazy restrictive
diets and I've done this over and over
again with hundreds and thousands of my
clients including my own father so let's
get started with the three best ways to
reverse and remove plaque buildup now
the very first thing is exercise now
these days we just don't move very much
right we're always sitting all the time
for the computer and the phone and all
that stuff so you really need to do some
form of exercise Daily Now a combination
of aerobic and anobi is best now aerobic
means with oxygen and things like
walking jogging playing sports dancing
swimming and so forth are all great and
you don't need much to start you know
even 15 or 20 minutes three times a week
is great and the goal is at least 30
minutes three times a week also you want
to do Anor robic Anor robic means
without oxygen and this is mainly
resistance exercise and basically
lifting weights and this can be with
dumbbells and barbells or cables
machines or just even your own body
weight now lifting weights in my opinion
has even more benefits than aerobic
because it improves your hormones and
increases the calcium buildup in your
bones where it should be basically the
more muscle and the heavier weights you
lift the stronger your bones which is
what we all need especially as we age
now next is your diet now we need to
improve your diet everyone needs to
improve it and I'll keep it really
simple you basically want an
anti-inflammatory and low insulin
stimulating basically low blood sugar
kind of diet um 50% of your diet should
come from low glycemic anti-inflammatory
carbohydrates things such as yams or
kinois buckwheat which by the way
contains no wheat or gluten uh legumes
and beans some fruit and lots the
vegetables these are great choices now
the 25% should come from healthy
proteins such as wild caught fish salmon
is great grass-fed bison or Buffalo
freerange eggs and yes including the
yolks and small amounts of freerange
chicken and then the remaining 25%
should come from healthy fats such as
organic uh extra virgin coconut oil um
organic avocados extra virgin olive oil
and raw nuts specifically almonds and
walnuts are really great also don't
don't drink your calories and try to
eliminate Dairy all together and finally
we have herbs and vitamins there's
honestly no way you can get all your
vitamins and minerals from food unless
you ate you know thousands of calories
daily from organic foods and when it
comes to plaque and calcium removal
there are some very specific potent and
effective supplements that will give you
dramatic results in just a few short
weeks uh things such as Vitamin C D3 e
especially uh k27 are also known as mk7
and magnesium they're all very very
important at removing the calcium out of
your arteries and putting it in your
bones where they belong um also there's
something called ninas uh it's an enzyme
that reduces fibrin buildup which is an
insoluble protein that impedes blood
flow and thickens your blood which is
not what we want also uh White Willow
extract and ginger extract these are
great they're anti-inflammatory and also
reduce thick sticky blood and improv
circulation and they work very well
together and also NAC which stands for
NC cysteine reduces heavy metals toxins
and pesticides which is in all our foods
and reduces it from your body and also
strengthens your liver and kidney all of
which is very important for healthy and
clean circulation of your blood now
there's a few other really good
ingredients specific for our goal here
such as green tea extract and a blend of
ELC carnitine of course I'm not
expecting you or even advising you to go
out and buy all these different
ingredients individually and take them
daily because honestly it's just way too
expensive and inconvenient I know this
from personal experience because I tried
it myself and so did my parents it's not
a long-term solution and if you don't
stick to something long-term you just
won't get lasting results so under this
video you can get access to a simple and
proven and effective solution which
eliminates the need for taking all these
ingredients by themselves so it's easy
and it's what I do for myself so you can
implement it right away so that's it for
today I hope this video was helpful and
gave you more clarity um if you'd like
more information about this topic please
subscribe to this YouTube channel
because I'll be making more highly
researched videos aimed at keeping your
entire body and mind healthy so you can
look and feel young and if you'd like to
discover how I dramatically improved my
dad's blood flow in circulation just
less than 30 days again without the use
of harmful prescription drugs or
following a super a super restrictive
diet please visit the link uh under the
description area below for additional
information and helpful tips and as
always thanks for listening and have a
happy and healthy day