here's another privacy fence that you
can build and this is the third one in
the series and if those of you who
recently I loaded up a video that I had
on another channel already and I had to
pull it off for those of you who are
wondering what and the heck just
happened to this link for today and I
will put a link at the top here
somewhere to the other channel for those
of you who are not familiar with it it's
another channel that I use to answer a
lot of my questions and put videos on
there that I think might be helpful to
others but might not rank very high on
the search engines and of course that's
what this stuff is all about is getting
the search engine rankings so check out
the other channel and let's go ahead and
get started on this video here this one
here will have horizontal one by six and
they are going to be ten footers you can
make these a little farther apart these
posts are five foot on center and I
would imagine six foot on center would
be pushing it for something like this
five foot on center with ten foot boards
should work okay and if you're looking
for something a little stronger maybe
four foot on Center will work also and
just get your boards you know get the
one by six according to the length you
know if you put these four foot apart
you don't need to get four footers you
can get eight footers twelve footers
sixteen foot or something like that same
thing here if you go ten foot you could
use ten footers or you can use 16
footers and cut a foot off of them if
you don't want as many breaks so keep
that in mind when you are building a
fence like this just go ahead and it has
a two by six cap on it and of course one
at the bottom and of course this kind of
when to give you an idea you will be
able to see this won't be a total
privacy fence you'll be able to stand
next to it and look into your neighbor's
yard you
just won't be able to look very far into
their yard so it does provide you with
some privacy and of course it would be
the same for your neighbor on the other
side now the one thing I know a lot of
people like about a fence like this is
that the wind will kind of go through it
a little easier than if you create a
solid fence creating less resistance and
if this is just a solid fence and you
get a nice strong wind going at a steady
pace it's gonna put a lot of pressure on
the fence that is solid or more or less
with small gaps this thing right here
has larger gaps the air is going to go
through it a little easier let's go
ahead and take a look at the
measurements so we are going to use 1 by
6 you can use 1 by 8 you'll just need to
adjust the measurements and of course
you can make these gaps smaller or
longer depending on how much privacy you
want so let's go ahead and start half of
the 1 by 6 is 2 and 3/4 and I just kind
of drew a center line here and you don't
have to draw this you can just kind of
use these measurements if you're
building the same fence now it's going
to have a two and three-quarter inch gap
on this side and on this side and of
course you can always cut a board to
fill this one in here I didn't cut one
but there will be one in another example
to show you that but if we go 1/2 of 2
and 3/4 and this is kind of where the
center line I'm using the center line
off of this board and then going to the
other side going to the gap and then
creating a center line that would be
used to position this board here and I
put all the measurements in here 2 and
3/4 4 and and 8 2 and 3/4 foreign and 8
would go from here to here 2 and 3/4
from here to here 4 and and 8 from here
to here and again you can do the math on
this and see where we're see where we're
at on it
four and 1/8 four and a quarter I
believe four and a quarter actually
works out 2 and 3/4 I'll leave it this
stuff is pretty accurate here 2 and 3/4
is just half of this here and of course
this would be the same boards 1 by 6 2
and 3/4 gap 1 by 6 2 & 2 and 3/4 gap 1
by 6 working your way down and I
recommend starting from at the top
because it gives you a nice clean cut
but you could always start wherever you
want if you're looking for a different
position or some type of a different
look also here's another example I went
ahead and made the gap an inch wider
give you an idea what it would look like
and of course I got rid of the 2 by 6
and put a 2 by 4 at the top and you can
see here looking at this flat on or
straight on you are going to see through
the fence but if you stand up closer you
will be able to see through the fence
you give you a little more view of your
neighbor's property and they'll have a
little more view of your so again if you
want looking for more privacy you like
this fence put this a little closer
together to get more privacy and it
wouldn't be a bad idea if you really
don't know what its gonna look like
put together one panel you know put
together a panel get your post put the
panel together at the spacing you think
it's going to be and then see what it
looks like and of course you're gonna
want to use screws to remove the fencing
and then reposition them there's a lot
of work but a lot of people it's hard to
tell you can tell by looking at this
you're gonna have privacy at a certain
angle looking that straight on but if
you want more privacy this might not be
the fence
for you so again this has a 2x4 at the
top you could always eliminate the 2x4
and have the 1 by 4 start with the top
of the fence post also here are the
measurements for this we have our five
and a half inch fencing boards three and
three-quarter inch gaps three and
three-quarter inch gaps on each side and
then of course the filler piece at the
top I think this was about an inch and
1/8 see if I have it in there I do an
inch and three eighths for the top piece
for this particular
one and you know if something like this
you could always make this an inch and a
half if you were going to use this a
two-by-four make it the same width so it
looks nice it's gonna be hard for
someone to hey wait a minute
you're off a 1/8 of an inch there to see
something like that so anyway that is it
for this video hope it helps and if it
does don't forget to hit the old thumbs
up button
you