hey guys so today I'm going to show you
how to make these really easy fans and
they're really fast and you can also
make a mini design so what you're going
to need is a paper and a glue stick guys
off so what you're going to do first is
fold the paper like this like that then
turn on the back and then do the same
thing in turn it here again and then
keep floating you're going to keep doing
it until it looks like this
you
so now when when it looks like this
you're going to fold it in half
take that and then you're going to get
your glue stick and then glue like that
lower it on the side in the mid and then
you're going to float this in and do
that one time and then now you got the
fan but you can also get another paper
and then fold it like that and get you
and then now you're going to need your
scissors and then cut this out you can
tie it if you want to or you can just
leave it like this well I'm going to tie
it
so now you're going to crease it here
and then fold it
now you're going to get your glue in the
blue right there
now when there is a little piece of
showing off diskette your scissors
and now you have your fear you can use
it like this or you can use it like that
to do it for people for us and thanks
for watching bye
you