hello these are the germinated who drew
birth seeds that haven't actually made
it into the day as bad there's no room
in that is bad so awkward oh is going to
plant them in this 10 inch pot now
previously I've actually grown 10 be
rude in a 10 inch pot sounded a nice
figure 10 vitro 10 inch pot 10 liters of
compost now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to use all of these so don't tell
me that is so we'll check them out we'll
say what we've got and one way or
another we'll get them all into this pot
okay and I think this is a big root core
while annoyed is it to be drilled called
perfect 3
community young stallions that tamia
weather young birds of starting to fly
about lost count with underwater kepco
come freezing immunity walk here let's
see what we've got is one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
well one more than last year right let's
see if we can equally spear these eleven
and boutot seedlings in this port
[Music]
okay we'll just move the seedlings off
the top of the pot and then we'll try
and map the pot out so at every CD it's
roughly the same amount of pot - gluey
how's that sound walk here it's going to
do a quick check on these seedlings
again one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven yes
eleven pebbles one two
how's that look what do you think can't
get a bead routine on every one of your
stations
each group has got the same amount of
room in this pot now let's do it come on
let's do it
Emily been to walk this morning with
Molly with a good walk of our local farm
Laurens give me sway there and we did
where yeah
negative all right don't let them break
they'll say this bully
[Music]
to stay suitable
and then that'll be it
if anybody asks why 11 and tell them
guard yet because it was 11 left over
that's better
for the win for 10 go to maple seeds
good away for eight would win for
anything if anything less than 11 will
meant war Freund seedlings aware set of
germinated and look with other wantem at
retail so all 11 that will last the
finish up in this pot and I guess in a
few months
turn will what's the other gua yeah but
will that we will take another look at
these in a couple of weeks time just
more by the way some award income that
just just a make sure that nothing's
gone wrong and they're all like they've
all actually got aware but it wouldn't
be a disaster would if I lost a few of
those because 11 is a lot for the
10-inch porks you know so if we lost any
that will be more space for the
remaining burger wouldn't it so we're
not tell bothered if we do lose some but
I really like them all across the finish
line okay
so this is on grande rage 11 very cloak
standing out