hello everyone I wanted to go ahead and
give my honest review of odor cleanse
laundry which I've been using for about
a month now and the reason I went ahead
and purchased this product is because of
all the good reviews that had got on
there Debra Lynn dad show and I wanted
to use it primarily to remove fragrances
from my clothes since I am super
chemically sensitive I live in a private
building where we share laundry rooms
with the other tenants that live on our
floor the problem is that when it comes
time for me to do my laundry I have to
battle with all these different
fragrances and scents that people leave
behind or from the last persons
detergents and fabric softeners and I do
my best to clean the machine but most of
the time it gets on my clothes and I
went ahead did it load with the odor
cleanse laundry and I have to say that I
was so impressed with the results my
clothes came out odor free and more
importantly fragrance free which is the
most important for all of us who are
really chemically sensitive I put my
name on the line and recommend odor
cleanse products to all my friends and
to those of you that are chemically or
fragrance sensitive as well