[Music]
it's a beautiful day it was actually a
wonderful day this morning I want to go
rock hounding and I haven't been for a
while so I dragged the hobby to go
driving around just outside where we
live we got a tip many many many years
ago from a friend of ours there's quartz
crystals on this road apparently but he
did not say where it is this is about a
10 km stretch Road
through this road there's a few spots
already that we've stopped to look for
indicators the crystal itself I find
were right in the middle of the road so
there's you can see fragments so now if
I go here say for example looking for
indicators so little bits like that
might be an indicator
and also see indicators like this see
that little shiny little thing it is not
clear but I can see a crystal face that
shiny facet of the crystal now I'm going
to go on the edge here see look now
that's getting better big pieces so just
there and I would only be about 6 M away
and look a twin Crystal they are not
very clear well the tip is but actually
that's quite pretty so that one as well
but it's all smashed up that's been
bulldozed Show and Tell I only got that
last piece I showed you and Wall's got a
nice clear
one need cleaning on the edges yes and
that one a piece in
a a bigger piece but we don't really
want that one so we're going to give it
back to Nature and then that one's cute
even though it's not really clear but
still cute once it's cleaned
up look at the fa is on that that would
have been a massive Crystal but it's
broken so imagine that like that and
then you got another one here so that
would be around that big but it's been
all smashed up seeing that is a good
indicat
that there are big pieces in here would
have been good if we can find a nice big
piece that's intact look at this piece
here nice little cluster that would make
a nice base for a gem tree or something
but even just the way it is like that
it's quite cute look at that clusters of
crystals I'm just going to fill up the
hole again see look you can't tell
anymore there you go check this one out
it's a nice big one I got a two more uh
small smaller ones that are double
terminated like this one but this is the
biggest one so far and nice and clear
the boss is back and look he's got a
nice big one that doesn't sound very
nice okay and look at that oh he just
put it back why did you why did you put
the things there oh that is beautiful
look at that huh oh that's a nice one
boss nice
Crystal ah this is so much fun I mean I
know they just call crystals
but this bits sitting at home you're out
in the fresh air and picking up crystals
oh look at that beautiful can you see
that it's clear crystal when they're
covered in dirt see that one is a
crystal Point as well look at that can
you see the points but they're not clear
but the fact that they've got Crystal
points and check this out hang on on top
look at that look look at all the
crystals on top look at that oh they're
just sitting the fragments fragments of
crystals
everywhere I am just going to pick them
on top and look at that ah look at that
see this is the beauty of having the
rain hey the boss here okay finding all
these crystals now woohoo I've just
finish my drinks and I am going to put
these
crystals inside look beautiful beautiful
and I put my camera always I'm using
the uh my phone okay because I wasn't
going to do some videoing but then I
just get excited show oh look at that
hang on uh showing you the nice Crystal
pieces that up it's look at that one
okay small pieces oh that's a big one I
don't know that's a fragment but anyway
uh okay I don't know what one okay okay
that's actually double
terminated that's a double terminated
piece so we're going to put it in our
little container so they don't get
damaged and guess what got another one
here look where am I okay so there more
crystals another one look another one
here look another
point
and okay I'm just going to put them in
here so I am just going to go scouring
in here like uh
noodling specking okay and some one just
throw a nice piece of big quartz again
ah Crystal everywhere I don't know where
to look or what to pick Crystal Galore
so that's a half of it okay another
Crystal head okay there you go so you
can see the facet now and it's too sort
of side that one is fractured on the
side there but nevertheless it's good so
I'm keeping it okay put it in my bottle
crystal in my
bottle beautiful that is beautiful so
just the face of it that'll be a nice
specimen for the display cabinet look at
that nice and big look at that beautiful
huh beautiful
okay W's got a nice Crystal Clear look
a beautiful look at that oh look at that
one hey that is one big Crystal look at
that huh beautiful well done again
that's where it came from see big Matrix
look they are
just I don't know if that's know there
fragments of it see that's where it came
from that big one
so I was hoping for a big Crystal today
and looks like we're going to get some
big Crystal okay okay they're all
crystals yeah okay hang on that one
there so it's all no it's all broken up
like this is all there a couple big ones
yeah hang on that's not it but I can see
a piece in here now look that one just
the body of it
so the head is gone it's probably got
the head still intact yay it is
yes excellent
so hang on and that another
one okay how exciting hang on ouch ouch
ouch okay my knee my knee my knee hang
on I'm stuck here on I'm nailing on
rocks ouch that hurts okay oh another
piece look big Crystal head you miss hey
boss look what
a see that one another one give me that
that I don't know which one come on come
on come on come on come on crystal
okay this is so
exciting oh I I heard a big crunch I
heard a big crunch I hope it's crystals
oh hang on hang on hang on hang on okay
okay now this one's not going to fit in
the bottle but anyway look oh this one's
not in the Matrix but anyway so that one
is fractured but I don't know how it's
going to look like so I'm going to put
it in the container there's a tiny one I
don't know if the head's in there but
I'll just put it there and that one is
just a matrix
with okay that's another Crystal head so
into the bottle is that going to fall
off in there is that intact or is that
fractured I don't
no
so yep I'm going to leave it because
that looks like a little cluster it's
all cluster yep and again uh I'll put
this
away
okay hang on have a look where where
where where hang on you get little spoke
thing and go all through
that you see they're all
heads look this head's even just lining
oh look at that oh beautiful look at
it's like it's like glass Look at that
oh look at that how it's like so how
clear is that yeah you want to play it
yeah
[Music]