hey there I'm Chef Bonnie and welcome
back to another video today we are
tackling lentils lentils are incredibly
important to have in our diet lentils
are high in fiber and fiber rich foods
helps to lower your cholesterol and to
keep your blood sugar under control
don't underestimate the lentils so today
we are making a fantastic red lentil
dish this is an incredibly easy and
quick recipe to make this delicious
lentil dish can be served over rice for
a complete protein and it's absolutely
delicious a favorite in our house so
enough talking let's get
cooking okay so we're going to get
started with some tomatoes and today I
just have some organic diced tomatoes
and we're going to blend them just a
tiny tiny tiny bit in our Vitamix keep
the texture get rid of the chunks so now
I'm going to chop up a little bit of
garlic now a little trick so you don't
have to be standing here peeling this
and you've probably seen chefs do it
they take the knife blade and then they
hit it and then it comes off so much
easier the one big mistake that I have
seen is people will do like this with
the blade up and then you come down and
you're just your quick little meal turns
into a very long trip to the hospital
now if you're a little scared of using a
knife don't worry you can use anything
you can use your hand you could use a
rolling pin you could put a plate on it
and then hit it wo that really worked I
would bet that would work if you needed
to do a whole bunch you can just put a
whole bunch under here and then Wham and
then they're all done and we're just
going to saut√© our garlic in a little
bit of olive oil and then in we go with
our garlic now the thing about garlic is
that it cooks really fast you turn your
back for a second and you have charred
garlic in your pan so keep an eye on it
stir it every once in a while and you
should be fine so once our garlic has
cooked for a while we're going to add
our tomatoes so then we go with that I'm
going to stand back cuz I'm wearing
white so yeah excellent Choice today an
so now we're going to season this up
today I'm using some cumin some ground
coriander some ground ginger some
paprika some onion powder and of course
some salt stir that in now we're going
to add some water and you want to bring
this mixture to a boil before adding our
lentils I read somewhere that that's
easier for your body to digest in the
meantime we're going to quickly rinse
our lentils have you ever been eating
lentils and all of a sudden it kind
feels like you're eating sand you
actually might be eating sand because
you know lentils are dirty so it's good
to rinse them now that this mixture has
come to a boil we're going to add in our
lentils so now I've turned down the heat
and we're going to let this simmer for a
few minutes story time so not too long
ago we cooked this very dish for a
wedding in the mountains of New Mexico
up to this point I've never cooked in
the mountains of New Mexico so I wasn't
prepared for what happened the lentils
because of the altitude took so much
longer to cook but the story has a happy
ending after hours and hours of cooking
those lentils and lots and lots of
prayer they finish cooking just in time
for the wedding so if you live in a
place where the altitude is a little
different you may have to adjust your
cooking time for this dish so now that
this has cooked for a while and it looks
absolutely beautiful we are going to add
a couple more things some coconut milk
add some spinach if you're not planning
on eating this for a little while I
would suggest that you put the spinach
in right before serving we're also going
to chop up a little bit of cilantro and
a little green onion I have some rice
here you can use brown or white rice
depending on what you prefer now I get
to try this and I'm just so
excited so good well thank you so much
guys for watching this video if you
liked it please give it a thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe to join me in
this adventure to eat healthier one
recipe at a time