[Music]
hello everyone my name is Carrie scrom
pastry chef technical adviser here at
Bak Mark USA Today we're going to be
working with our big sense rolled
fondant and show you how to cover and
enroe a cake using Ivory fondant today
two things that you want to think about
when you're ready to start working with
our rolled fondant is one we're going to
condition our fondant meaning we're
going to massage it to make it nice and
soft and
pliable as soon as we take the fondant
out of the bucket it's going to be very
cold usually it's also very firm so you
want to take the time to kind of
practice your kneading skills as if
you're working with bread and really
massage it on the bench this will make
it a lot easier for you and give you a
smoother surface I've chilled the cake
but it's not frozen and again we're
focusing on a qu of an inch thickness
too much fondants way too heavy and
unpalatable for your customers and it's
a loss of money for your baked shop I
like to buff off any excess cornstarch
with my
hand and you can also use a fondant
smoother it's like a little iron that's
also going to help create that nice
porcelain finish couple ways to get the
fondant onto your cake you can roll it
up on the a dow and then unroll it over
to your cake if you like I tend to lift
my fondant and kind of drape it over the
surface find what works best for you I
just have my cake with a cardboard on
the bottom I don't have any excess board
on my
Surface first instinct is to put your
hands directly on the edges try to
remove that if you can open up your
pleats smooth out the top first least
amount of pressure as you don't want to
indent your cake and I work all the way
around we have our faant nice and secure
against the sides I like to take my
faant smoother since it's already a flat
surface press it around my cake this is
going to help make sure that my fondin
is secure without any air bubbles but
also Mark it for me where I need to trim
some chefs may just trim right on
against the board I like to hold it up
in my hand and be able to cleanly remove
the
edges I use my cardboard as a guide and
I cut cleanly against the edge and I'm
using a sewing motion and I'm really
using that cardboard underneath as a
perfect guide now that I have it on my
board I can go ahead and put a border on
it if I need to add appliques to it but
using the fondant creates a nice Thin
Beautiful porcelain like finish and I'm
ready to go ahead and continue for more
information please visit our website at
yourb mark.com
[Music]