in part one of the sofa cover I pinned
the inside back to the seat portion of
the sofa as well as the police on the
side now here I've shown those pieces
together and I'll put it back on the
sofa just to check and make sure the fit
is good now as you can see if it's
pretty good I decided to redo the police
on the side because I didn't like the
way they looked when I begin to sew them
so here I'm pinning them again here's a
close-up of what the police to look like
once they've been pinned together here
the sofa inside back is pinned to the
back as well as the armrest and the
sides of the sofa this was a really big
project so some parts I did not
videotape me actually pitting it on the
parts together so I'm just giving you a
visual of what it looked like once I got
everything pinned and here on the back
you can see that there's actually two
pieces of fabric and these two pieces
will be self faced and they will be the
opening in the back of the sofa cover
and they will be velcro together with
ties on the outside for easy removal now
here are the center back the back the
side and the arm all connected together
I cut extra fabric to allow for the helm
all the way around the cover now here's
a close-up of what the side plates look
like once they've been pinned and
connected to the back so now the cover
is ready to be removed with the pins
still intact so it can be marked for
sewing now I'm going to take my chalk
you go back to where you saw that I had
everything pinned but you notice I've
got it pinned the wrong sides together I
did that for the fit so this time I'm
taking a big piece of chalk I'm going to
chalk everywhere there's a pin I'm going
to make sure that I'm chalking both
sides so I'm going to chalk this all the
way around and then I'm going to take it
apart and I'll flip it and then I'm
going to sew it together because that'll
show me everywhere I need to so now I've
got the back pins
sighs and it's all pinned together so
now we're just going to sew it up it's
kind of difficult to show this to you
because once you take it off it looks
really crazy doesn't look like much of
nothing so I have to put it on the couch
in order for you to see it but I'm going
to go ahead and sew right where my chalk
lines are after sewing all the pieces
together I placed the cover back on the
sofa now for the pleats
I just cut one long piece of fabric and
I connected it to each side of the sofa
cover but before doing that I hemmed one
of the short ends so that way when I
attach the pleats they would be all
finished now for the pleating I did what
you call guests pleading and that means
I just kind of pleaded and guessed at
the distance in between the pleats all
across the front and when I finished
pinning it I just do it back and see
where I needed to make adjustments and
then I went back and did just that
this video doesn't show it but I remove
the cover and I stitched down the pleats
and attach them to the front of the seat
base then I press the pleats down now
it's time to cover the cushion I take
several pieces of newspapers together
long ways and horizontally to make one
long piece for the pattern but I took a
thin marker and I just outlined where my
mark would be where the piping is I cut
out an inch wider or an inch seam
allowance after I made my marking all
the way around I have my fabric doubled
and I'm going to lay my pattern out on
my fabric and I'm going to cut to one
for the top and one for the bottom as
you see the cushion has a nice wide band
the band measures 5 inches I'm going to
cut six inch wide strips when I measured
the band for the section that doesn't
have a zipper it measured 37 and a half
and then I'm going to leave like two
inches on each side just to be on the
safe side so I'm going to cut one piece
that is six inches wide by 42 now the
zipper section is a little different
because you have to
pieces here so I'm going to cut two
pieces that are three and a half inches
wide which is about an inch larger than
a six-inch piece I measure my zip zipper
sections and from one zipper section to
the other it measures 53 inches so I'm
going to cut this piece 53 and you got
allow an inch on each side so I'm going
to cut it 55 by three and a half inches
now and measuring the band's that is
going to join the two pieces in the
piping we're measuring from the zipper
all the way around till we come back to
the other section where the zipper is
and that measures a hundred and two
inches so I'm going to cut one piece
that's six inches by a hundred and two
now I'm cutting my six inch wide piece
my clients fabric is not quite long
enough or wide enough to go all the way
around without interruption so what I've
done is I've cut one long piece that
will start here just behind where the
cushion rides up in and then I've
measured from there all the way around
to the other side in the same positions
I'm going to add a piece and connect it
but the seam is going to fall right
behind this section where it goes up
into the couch so now we have the strip
cut on that's going to connect our two
sections together top and bottom and we
also have our two strips that are going
to be for a zipper what's next to cut is
our bias strips and the reason we're
cutting bias strips is because we need
to cover our piping and I've done
previous video so you'll have to check
that out I'll put a link so you can see
how we make that so you want to lay the
piping with the piping section toward
the seat and line you seam allowances do
not start at the very end because you
need to join this I'm going to show you
just how to do that and this is sewn on
again with the zipper foot so I'm going
to adjust the zipper foot this time to
write it on the opposite side
and now we're just going to follow this
all the way around I wanted to show you
what it looked like once we've added the
piping now you see the piping has been
attached and see when you roll it look
at how nice and neat that looks the
reason why the piping is cut on the bias
is because you have these curves and
when you got these curves when you start
to sew the piping down you can stretch
it and mold it now you just mold it
around and you see and once you get to a
curve see how nice
the curve is now we're back to where we
started so I'm going to show you how to
finish this off and what I'm going to do
as you see the beginning portion here
where we started what we're going to do
is I'm going to open that back up with
the seam ripper so I've got it open back
up and what I'm going to do is I'm going
to cut all of this off till about right
here just leave just a small amount and
what we're going to do with that is
you're going to take this portion and
fold it in to make like a seam and
you're going to lay the piping on top of
it so now you're going to take this
portion before you cut it and you're
going to lay it down so that it rides on
top of that piping as well and I'm going
to cut it about right here and now that
I've cut it there and I did that because
I want to make sure I had enough because
what we're going to do is we're going to
ride these on top just like that but you
want the two pieces of piping to butt up
so now I'm going to cut it a little bit
more right here so now that I've got it
cut
I want the piping's to butt up to each
other so I'm also going to take this
piece of piping and I'm going to cut it
right there as well
now that I've got it cut you got to
remember you've got your fold edge so
you want this side of the piping to lay
on top and you want to wrap this around
both pieces and make sure your pipings
but up and this time I am going to put a
pin to hold all those layers together so
now I'm going to run my stitch right
across there to keep it continuous so
now you see you join the piping this is
on the inside of the cushion that goes
to the back of the couch so you won't
see it anyway so in that nice and neat
the piping has been attached to the top
and the bottom of the cushion cover now
we're going to attach the zipper click
the link to check out my video on how to
install an upholstery zipper or a
centered zipper I pin the zipper section
to ban section of the cushion and I'm
going to stitch those in place on both
sides now we're ready to attach this to
the top and the bottom portion of the
pillow I've got the band offhanded all
the way around so now we're going to sew
it and when you sew it you're going to
use your zipper foot and you're just
going to sew right next to the piping
I've sewn the pieces together with the
piping you want to unzip it now one
thing I forgot to mention so make sure
you leave an opening so you can put your
hand in and then unzip your zipper and
we can turn it on the right side and see
how neat that looks there we have the
piping on both sides there's the top
portion of the cushion and the bottom
portion so now we're just ready to put
the pillow inside of the cushion cover
so the cover is ready and here's our
cushion and I've got the cushion inside
of the cover so now I'm just going to
zip the cover and see we got a nice
finish I finished the cover as you see I
have the cushion covered have the little
pleats on the bottom and the wonderful
thing about this cover is it's washable
this is the back of the couch cover as
you see I have five little ties going
down the center but there's also velcro
to keep it together and the tie
so pretty much for decoration and to get
it a nice little tightness to it all the
seams on the inside were surged so she
can toss this in the washing machine
because it is cotton so I'm very proud
of this and I hope that this project has
inspired you to tackle a cover or couch
or chair in your house