my hello I am going to be making some
delicious cucumber sandwiches this is
what I've started to do since I don't
eat bread and you get yourself a
cucumber and you just cut off the ends
and you can go ahead and peel it with
your peeler I generally just use my
knife and when I don't it doesn't have
to be perfect because sometimes I
actually like to eat the skin it's got a
lot of vitamins so now you've got it
peeled like I said I'll leave a little
bit on cut it in half and this is a
little bit of thinner cucumber so we can
take this lace I usually try to mark a
little bit just to see and I will cut
this three times John on the side and
once you've got them all cut you're
gonna top them why do you like to eat
and me I like cream cheese in hand my
name means no I'll throw a little piece
of bacon on there
it's mama coddled very good but just
take your cream cheese spread it on each
cucumber gonna put a little box as we
like that's good for getting your fats
away you know once you get your cheese
on I'll be using him superstructure key
beef
the looks on this one
and then you take your tops this one's a
little thick but that's fine you can cut
them into little finger foods these are
actually really really nice too if
you're having the party cut them up in
inch pieces and you have some delish
quarters but there was are some
delicious to cooler sandwiches let me
know if anybody else tries these are
make these I like to see the only one um
so many ways to make these and they're
delish so make sure you leave me a
comment below you're gonna make sure you
like this video give it a good thumbs up
their shirt and please subscribe if
you're not already subscribed to my
channel and as always if you have a
channel of your own let me know when you
comment I will be more than happy to
subscribe back to you thank you very
much