[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hi everyone so as you saw from last
month's charity race we did the Colorado
okay and we got fabulous Tracy let me
remind you of what our trophies look
like here they are anyway because of the
color obstacle rush we are having to
figure out what we're going to do with
the wedding dress
and so like Dan swisco and Ty because
they are now stained a blurry greeny
yellow plus because we might actually
wash the wedding dress since the wedding
day which let me remind you was last
year and we've now actually done five
races starting to really stink because
at the end of the day I'm a grub and I
sweat and you know all that sweat just
ferments and the microbes take place it
just starts talked with a little bit so
I took the dress to Johnson John Cena
and then have said to me there
the dress is not dry cleanable and I was
just like you're bad and that's when you
know a pretty obvious first step they
decided I point out the the tag on the
inside of the dress and it does say spot
clean only now let me show you the state
of the dress does that look like
something that can be spot cleaned only
does it does that the fairytale weddings
by Alfred Angelo and it says here do you
not wash do not dry clean spot clean by
hand if necessary
dry warm iron as needed so here we are
this brings us today waistcoats which is
equally as blue and green as my dress
sitting in a bus based on select the
lady at the drycleaners she suggested
that I should just wash them by hand in
the bus she says give him a nice shower
first just to get off any excess and
because this is the powder from the
color obstacle rush and I'm going to be
using and I'm just going to be using
some cold water because that's what they
suggest washing things out with and then
after that I'm going to leave it in the
tub and soak in cold water and I'm going
to use this stuff called dodging gentle
care so I'll let you know how it goes
this this wash is a liquid detergent
which is for hand-washed delicates such
as silk wool and delicate fabrics so
it's not going to be harsher on the
dress hopefully it will get some stuff
out and more than anything I just really
hope it gets rid of right to smell this
dress is already smelling like and after
I've soaked it for a bit I'm going to
rinse it all out I'm going to put it
back in a fresh tub of water and
hopefully all the color would be out by
then so maybe it'll be a warm wash and
then I'll put some more of this sturgeon
in and I'll actually give them their
dress and the waistcoat a bit of a
massage to try so I get some clean and
rhythmic going and then I'll rinse it
all off again and I'll leave it to hang
dry above the bar so wish me luck
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
not even being funny right now but I am
so impressed with how well this sturgeon
has worked and just it all been a man
power behind it and you know I think
we've done a really good job here let me
show you
dan's waistcoat first check this out
you're barely notice is still wet
obviously so that's why it's like dark
in color but in concerns to the actual
waistcoat itself I think it's really
really quite bright again which is
really good some of the buttons have
some staining on it and but you know I
wasn't ever after a perfect wash just
wanted to make sure that for like most
of the damage was gone and just wanted
to make sure they're well for damns
waste occurring is only worn it once
anyway so you know it doesn't really
matter for the dress the dress is
another matter all-together I never
expect to get anything out of the bottom
left because it's just been ingrained so
so much
but I'm so impressed with how the course
is gone I'm just about to rinse up the
dress now and I'll show you how it once
it's all dry this is our life right now
the dress is hanging up just in the
middle of our kitchen and getting ready
to dry the dress is now dry and check
out how beautiful it is
it's also a new makeup on the sides
anymore just wonderful and still
underneath there's a bit of blackening
to the bottom but I never actively try
to get that to go away so really the
study works wonders the cold wash and a
little bit of man power that's all you
need ready for the next race on the
fourth of June
[Music]