Happy Thanksgiving everyone from cooking
with Kimberly I'm Kimberly Edwards today
I am trying to cover all of my side
dishes and and everything from turkey
dinner from start to finish and I have a
turkey in the oven and I'm starting my
side dishes for you guys um this is a
turnup or rudaba whatever you want to
call it don't be scared of these yes
they are covered in wax don't worry
about it you're not going to eat it so
they're pretty cheap they're very tasty
if you like sulur vegetables like
cabbage and Brussels sprouts cauliflower
broccoli you will like turnup okay so
first thing first you have to where's my
knife I'm just winging it today for you
guys so there you
go real TV everybody okay I'm going to
sharpen my knife turnips are very very
hard it's a root vegetable they are
super hard they're hard to cut so you
want to make sure you have a very sharp
knife first of all you're going to peel
peel and it takes a little bit of effort
guys rudas are not easy vegetables to
deal with but once you cut them and peel
them you're good to go so here we go
that's it it's not rocket science though
that's for sure it's not a hard
vegetable to deal with and you're
basically you're just going to boil it
for 40 minutes is till this fork tender
um medium high heat I would say and salt
and pepper butter to season mash it up
and you're good to go that's your side
dish it's the bottom so get out of there
I have puppies that um really enjoy
peelings so they think that right now
I'm probably trimming or peeling some
carrots or something like that and I
usually try and give them the peelings
cuz they like that as long as they're
clean and um they think that's what I'm
doing some of these areas I'm not able
to peel with the peeler just by simple
reason of the way it grew the shape it
is and so just take your knife run it on
the edge don't take too much of the um
the flush you just want to get the skin
off
right so let's try this again it works
so much nicer with the peeler you don't
have to do it with your knife but
sometimes it just doesn't work that way
and that's all right
too yeah this is kind of buming me out
about the peeler but it's all right
all
right sorry guys kind of tedious I can't
show you anything else until I peel it
all so give me a
second my mom is about to come in the
kitchen hi Mommy hi honey Happy
Thanksgiving Mom thanks to you honey
right working up a storm here oh you
know what I'm saying I'm cooking up a
storm so she's going to start the lemon
mering pie cuz she's the bomb at that
and she's the recipe who started the
recipe that I I actually
follow still peeling
guys again it's very hard you can eat
these raw too A lot of people
don't like I said my dogs think that
vegetables are Gourmet treats for some
reason well I guess cuz I've always fed
them fed them that way they also eat
meat don't get all freaked out you guys
um but they do eat vegetables they have
no problem my my boy will eat raw turnup
without a problem if it falls on the
floor hold on guys getting rid of these
[Music]
Peels and I'm back all right so your
peelings are gone now you're going to
chop this thing into 1 in size chunks
which means you're going to go and
you're going to get some medallions okay
and then when you have medallions that
are nice and flat you're able to
manipulate it a little better so I'm
just gonna like let H Let It Go here
it's a very hard
vegetable see how hard that is I can't
even get my knife
out all right we're going to try this
again there we go watch your fingers for
most more than any other thing to cut I
would say this is one of the
worst okay now these These are nice and
flat at least okay they're not the size
I want them but they're nice and flat so
what I'm going to do now is I'm going to
cut these into nice
strips and then I'm trying to get even
chunks okay let me taste this
turnover it's good too so one in size
chunks into water I have a bowl excuse
me for jumping and talking I have sorry
not a bowl a big larger size sauce
pot with reverse osmosis water in you
can use filtered you can use regular
water doesn't matter and I also have
some salt in there probably about a
tablespoon turnup takes a lot of salt to
season also a lot of butter so be ready
with your but okay you're going to go
solve and you're going to continue that
and that's all you're going to do with
all these pieces you're going to let
that sucker go for probably 30 minutes
40 minutes even till it's fork tender
when it's fork tender you drain the
water out okay then you're going to take
a your potato masher and you're just
going to mash them all up smooth as you
can you're going to put butter in salt
and pepper recipes on the website I'll
also include the link um and that's it
you're just going to season it until
you're happy with it um that's it but
turnup is really easy it's very good for
you it's an acquired taste I don't think
everybody really likes turnup but if you
like turnup it's easy to do guys and
they're really in inexpensive to
purchase at the store feed your family
little something something different
perfect for fall okay they're good in
soups and stews
too right there's my chunks so I'm going
to continue doing this you don't need to
watch me it's all the same thing so make
sure you check me out on Twitter it's
twitter.com cookingwith Kim e with a
capital E and I want you to go to the
Facebook fan page please like it
interact with us let us know how your
Thanksgiving is going and uh what else
check out the show continue checking out
the show on YouTube it's youtube.com/
cookingwithkimberly
and the website's cookingwith kimberly.
comom all of your holiday recipes are on
there um shout outs oh shout out today
is the theme for Uptown Kings shout out
for Uptown Kings King series um we are
giving thanks today for all the amazing
Kings or men in our lives from future
past present all of that good stuff any
good guys in your life we're giving
thanks today so that's it there's turnup
that's all that's it eat deliciously on
Thanksgiving guys I hope that you also
have a home you dad like this this nice
and cozy and delicious food going on all
right everybody CIA eat deliciously bye