[Music]
you hi guys welcome back to my channel I
am so happy that you found your way here
today I'm going to share with you how I
made this tube top and matching choker
out of a simple H&M t-shirt if you like
this video don't forget to click the
thumbs up cuz that will help me out
tremendously and um I upload every
single week so click the Subscribe
button to not miss a single video yeah I
think we should go straight into the
video now first I fold my t-shirt
because that will make it easier to cut
a more even line I have to take an iron
as well because these H&M divided
t-shirt gets really shapeless and weird
after a few washes so I'm really trying
to put it side side to side so the cut
is going to be nice and here I'm just
cutting up my uh tube toop and yes now I
basically have a tube
toop so that the cut edges won't Fray
I'm going to do a zigzag line All Around
The Edge so here I'm turning on the
zigzag line and then length number two
because that's what I feel is suitable
for this type of sewing and here I'm
doing a zigzag line along the edge and
yeah this is how it looks looks like as
I mentioned before these type of
t-shirts really get shapeless so I have
to take my tube toop dress and Trace out
uh the fits that will look more snug on
me and I'm adding an extra inch so that
I can sew in nicely if your t-shirt is
snug on you you can jump this
step when I have my measurements I just
take that plus an extra inch and then I
cut out the right size for me and then
I'm just going to sew that together
together with a straight
seam at the end I make sure to run
backwards with the sewing machine for
like 2 in to really secure the stitches
I also did this in the
beginning for my elastic band I'm
measuring it around my chest quite
snugly and then I will take minus one
inch and sew that together with a zigzag
Stitch as you can see
here here I'm securing the elastic band
to the top because I am going to sew it
down with a straight Stitch all around
the shirt is going to be a little bit
longer than the elastic band so I'll
have to kind of fold it so it matches
the elastic
band now I'm sewing on the elastic band
to the tube top with a straight Stitch
and it's not super straight but it's on
there and I turn the shirt in the right
way and I'm pretty much done I'm just
going to fold the the flap there and get
a really neat look and I don't have to
sew anymore because I'm using this for
personal use I'm not going to sell it so
I'm fine with this
look for my choker I have this ribbon
and I'm measuring out the correct length
for my neck and then I'm going to take a
piece of the T-shirt Fabric and cover
that ribbon with the the T-shirt fabric
so will also become white and I'm doing
this because I want of a more of a
structured choker and here I've pinned
the whole thing and I'm going to sew a
straight stitch on the bottom because I
only want one stitch not two and because
that will make the thing look more neat
to open and close my choker I will use
these snap Fasteners and sew them on by
hand okay guys so we're done we turned
this boring H&M T-shirt into this
gorgeous tube top and matching choker I
really hope you enjoyed this
[Music]
video the first part in analyzing our
hair is recognizing what texture you
have