hi everyone Adrian here the Gorden Berry
seeds have germinated and they started
to grow out from the soil as you can see
here I will remove this so we can see
the seedlings a bit better as you can
see many have
sprouted and they sprouted at the same
time they look very tiny
very thin and very
weak so I hope that they will be good
here and that many more will germinate
soon because you know I saw lots of
seeds so this is nothing yet but I am
very very happy that um they germinated
and that they are
growing and hopefully they will they
will continue to
grow uh there were many fungus gnets
here um when I first removed this cup
from them and that's not good um I am
trying to keep the numbers of those bugs
Low by not watering my plants too
much and I hope that that will fix the
problem and hopefully there are not too
many larva in this soil and that they
will not
attack these little seedlings so this is
again how they look like they germinated
pretty quickly I think it was within a
week or
so um I will keep you updated with this
golden Berry seedlings thank you so much
for watching the video and see you in
the next one bye-bye