[Music]
[Music]
hello welcome back to another cocktail
video then we on the cocktail kitchen
and we are going all ready for Christmas
[Music]
today we're making a Christmas cocktail
it's a twist on the Moho sour I'm a
necklace ours franchise Christmas
cocktail
it's full of nuts so today we're going
nuts that's the episode is a sour
cocktail it's a bit sweeter than other
sours so if you like nutty flavor
marzipan then this one might be for you
have a secret for you we have a
Christmas Alan they're coming for you
soon for cocktails
right yes amaretto sour we have amaretto
caramel serve vanilla syrup lemon big
white cinnamon dice and we of course
need any fancy cocktail glasses seven
not to forget we need you know the drill
some bar yeah
quick man yeah I have eaten by quick
couple and a knife [ __ ] mix in a bowl
a fine strainer and a strainer cocktail
shaker and of course lots of ice cubes
you start off by taking our cocktail
glass and shield it down we take our
console trigger we fill it up and take
five Sendas maretto let me take two and
a half centimeters of
we use vanilla syrup course it has a
great flavor of vanilla of course and I
believe that the new latest bit more
interesting and a bit more Christmas so
if you're classic hammerites of sour
it's of course sugar syrup but today we
do it with a twist and therefore we use
something else so then we need us
check this normally in a classic I'm
going to sound you would put egg white
in here to give it all the puffiness but
today we're doing something different it
is a twist and of the classic reminds us
out so we have made a siphon and in this
siphon we have some amaretto vanilla sir
we have a bit of caramel and we have
some lemon egg white so this one it
consists of a bit of the same
ingredients that we use in our cutter
but this is all the phone and it's a
different kind of foam that you just
would be able to shake that's why I use
a siphon you can buy these in many
stores or go online Amazon you know it
and we use this one after we have shaken
the console now we shake and then we
nice let's put the bone first and then
today I'm actually a bit Palmas up
because I haven't used that many seconds
before but today look at this result and
we have our lovely garnish
then it's time wasn't fire because I
like fire yeah and I think you do this
watch then you just slowly fire and it's
just to give it even more smell of the
sinus or and cinnamon it's to get the
[ __ ] so just even more Christmas flavor
than I thought why not and not let me
taste this awesome console to see how it
goes yeah that's happiness right there
so have this one maybe as a gift like
you don't have to buy Christmas gifts
like make this one and then just like
here you go here you go grandma
yeah you go no it's actually it's really
good I really like this book that's on
top and I like I'm a little and you can
really smell the cinnamon and the
zionists and you feel like a kid got
some spots in the kitchen is over I hope
you enjoyed it please leave a comment
and tell me your favorite cocktail
tell me something you would like to know
about cocktails or some ingredient you
think I should use in one of my next
videos I really would enjoy a challenge
from you Oh see you next time I will
take this one with me and I will leave
with a small wrap Santa Claus Mike got
superpowers and I think I know his
secret amaretto sours boom
[Music]