hey in this video I'm going to show you
how to clean up some dairy and old
photos let's see this picture this 1968
Ford Mustang no it's noise so this is
the paper of the photo correct royal
paper you can tell the picture is very
poor son has this weird surface it is
not smooth at all so you're going to
need baby oil and a piece of fabric a
lens cleaner fabric okay so we're going
to use this you're going to use the oil
drip pan drop the oil picture so you see
now you're going to use the fabric
andrew gentle gently to this circular
pattern throughout all the picture okay
make sure you are gentle and you have to
have patience of course so you can have
this picture nice clean and slick of
course well if you want also you can use
this paper towel so you can polish the
picture and remove the excess of the oil
ok so let's see we're going to polish
the picture yeah all right so you can
see it's already clean there is no stare
spots now is smooth a nice nice okay by
the way never but never use alcohol
never I did and it ruined my photos so
be careful using that stuff so that's
all I have to say about it so have a
nice day