okay I'm a girl and right - and I made a
simple machine project it's called
parachute it's something to pop balloons
and first I have a question before I
stop when I drop this ball into that any
kind thing what do you think will happen
that's a good question for me to ask if
you already thought about it and we can
keep on going so I wanna drop the ball
and it's going to go whatever is in here
and it might go up or do if it goes down
in right pop is a bunch up it's a
balloon saver okay just to show you what
did you recognize it went down and pop
the balloon what do you think this is a
Ledge because it has a pointy edge see
there you can see wedge and what you can
see is a pitch or go down like that
that's why it's so much now once I say
when I visit here I can show
so the ball went here one down into this
pocket and one inside if it hit this one
inside
if one from this Pony it's felt this one
up which is a leaver let's part one up
and just public down and there once up
it is this which it went and you were
the blue Nana pop now there was four
problems I had when I was making this
the first problem is when I was putting
the incline plane here what if this was
not curved the ball would go Moo I would
fall out that's how me and my daddy they
made this little curve at every ticket
so that I wouldn't go the second problem
was that if this string if I don't make
this hole this trip would be here the
bucket will be here and the ball were
from there so that's how me and my daddy
made this hole with a screwdriver and if
you know like that I would the third
problem is what's this bucket without
this eraser this bucket was too heavy
and it kept on falling down but once we
put that racer in the right place it was
going the same way
see if I wanted to put it there with you
I usually keep it like this other one I
want to do it again I can do it again
the fourth problem was when I was
putting this little wedge onto the
balloon I wouldn't talk because this
wedge was too up was in the place but
the wedge was coming up it was like
about to there it was too up someone
the balloon but when we put it down I
was more longer down here and it would
reach the balloon my favorite part of
this was because this would go up and
they make the best because of painting
me or my mom we painted this whole box
and over here back mr. box it's my
favorite color
and we have two inside planes one is
over here goes down no matter what it
still goes in and the second inclined
plane is this one now the ending part
with the balloon pops and very scared of
loud so all I do stop right here and why
I use this is because if the balloon
pops in my eyes it will hurt so that it
pops here the little piece of another
balloon thank you