yo dude welcome to Hungarian Goulash in
not to not straight but one box yeah so
this originally was the perfect food for
cattle man but in the 9th century and so
it's ideal cowboy or cowgirl so get in
touch with your inner cowboy or cowgirl
for this dish let's get it on
[Music]
first up we've got one right up one
onion teams gonna prep them with three
cloves of garlic I'm going to pop our
family sized saucepan on a high heat
I've got add two tablespoons of oil and
just connect the pan in goes lasagna
lasagna
there goes serving wala owners a onion
and so in goes one onion and we got
three cloves of garlic just shove them
find me okay next up we got a carrot
again like most refreshed rows this
organic we're not going to peel it just
make sure there's no soiling
I just got a pinch of salt some United
with the carrots just helps break it
down and bring it together nicely and
release a bit of those negatively loads
or sponge or food fun so today it's what
we call them in arnhem potatoes so we
have four with five small potatoes
all right we've gone for white skin
whatever type we'll do fine prepare be a
waxy potato okay now you're getting
technical for small potatoes five small
potatoes are like three to four meeting
scheduling okay next up we have some
mushrooms we're using the chef's knife
just chop them finely I prefer them some
people to like them whole of this
quarter them and we're just going to
prep the rest of our veg you've got two
peppers one red one yellow one courgette
and they must swim
so we fried off our onion and garlic we
brought it in our veg as what is going
to take about 20-25 minutes to cook at
time I take see here's 15 minutes this
date okay okay we did a bait of lettuce
includes to marry or not but as Steven
said there's many ways because of
goulash this is our version obviously
the typical goulash is not vegan it has
some form of animals in us and this one
here ours is a veg tastic goulash and we
have opted for tamari yeah yeah just the
mushrooms are going to soak it up but
it's just going to add that lovely umami
line that in two tablespoons if we have
a look this week shows how beautiful
just in there to Titus Princess Mary
many times out our spices and we're
going to go so as Dave mentioned typical
goulash would have some form of dead
animal working out in smoked paprika
which is kind of odd that kind of smoky
like on this home it again like an ox a
leaf flavor so I'm gonna add in 1
teaspoon be careful of 1 teaspoon or
half pieces 1 teaspoon I'm going to go
be careful wood smoked paprika it's very
strong people like it or dislike I think
it goes wonderful in this budget yes I
love smoked paprika if you don't like
smoky case just use normal paprika and
next we're going to became and we're
going to 1 teaspoon of chili tablespoon
ok guys the one piece which shows that 1
tablespoon equals 3 teaspoon so one two
three beautiful so it's a norm normally
and do like to put grain caraway seeds I
don't really like caraway seeds so
that's why we gamma cumin and Chema's
more accessible as well and last step
we're going to much cinnamon just add a
bit of a fragrance aromatics you have a
case in there we go yeah I'm not the
biggest fan of cinnamon i me it goes
well in the first record any too
beautiful
boom we're pretty much there one tune of
Ziggy's for you forever going to be easy
one I'm going with pearl ahi because
they were in the press put use pinto use
footer and ok those are beans let's put
our beans here so we've got 1 Canobie
these were right these we're in and just
rinse the back part up power away from
us next step one can of chopped tomatoes
beautiful
okay next up sweet Laurel known as
Bailey if we're going to add him in goes
great with clouds and subtle undertones
not offensive if you don't have a
portable just that they look nice then
then I'm going to take the same can and
I'm going to set it up with bad stuff
and then just to take Anna I always like
it kind of slightly thick tomato sauce
now we're going to make three
tablespoons of tomato puree and one good
one but in the heat walk but I shouldn't
be a French beans they should act should
be me Gary
[Music]
so we're leaves off oil for about 15
minutes and let it reduce taking less
under sitting what you're looking for is
the potatoes are cooked and they're soft
and ready to give themselves to you okay
so she's cut oh this is she and she's
pulling away for about 10 minutes and
the 15s all in total really knows Bob
we're just going to just seasoning so
just take a final little taster like
we're Daphne gum with half a teaspoon of
black pepper I love black pepper so
here's your half a teaspoon of that I'm
going to go for a little bit one so how
much is a little bit half a teacher okay
half a teaspoon so we've got a lot more
things just it's just seasoning to your
own pilot foot okay and we've got a
handful of spinach just to get a little
lift give it a little bit of green and
up the nutritional value again you don't
have to if you don't you don't know but
just for the color and honor the
shepherds yes good all them Shepherds
out there and hungry absolutely from the
ninth century
[Music]
okay so as you can see this recipe will
serve 4 people at faces consultation
here we go
in honor of Oland shepherds out there
whoo mmm look it's so substantial and
just like a family hook so it feels like
the perfect kind of dinner after a hard
day's physical work feels like cowboy
dish anyway there you have a one-pot
delicious Hungarian Goulash in honor of
all the cowboys and Shepherds out there
printer whirring and cowgirls absolutely
and thanks for subscribing thanks for
watching and spending loads of cowboy
goulash love you
Cheers Jerris bye