[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what's up Hans family you guys like my
sneaky snakes welcome to day 17 of Hans
Wayne and Hans ween is 31 tutorials
month of October which means a new video
every day this is my version of Medusa
turning to stone with just a
look of her white snake eyes
meet two of my snakes Oleg and Nigel you
guys know I love them hauntingly
beautiful look so this is one of my
favorites as always product details we
listed down below let's get to the
I like to start out by drawing a general
guideline of how I want to the makeup on
facetune just so that I have an idea
before I sit down to film we don't want
our brows to show whatsoever so I use
the glue stick method to set these bad
boys in place layer the glue about three
times for full coverage and then set
with powder though we will be filling up
our whole forehead and most of our bald
cap with wax just we've an idea of where
the scales are going to lay in our face
sketch them out
I wanted larger scales around the
forehead and I'm cascading down the
sides of my face of it also kept them
more in a pattern of rows getting
smaller as I went around the sides of
the face keeping the focus right on the
middle we'll be using some good ol wax
to mold and apply some pros a tour
spirit gum to the area you're going to
mold on top of grab out some wax and use
a saline on your fingers and spatulas
the wax doesn't stick to you so it's
very sticky apply the wax and then
smooth down the edges with your fingers
or your spatula I actually love working
with wax other than the removal because
it is such a to remove just gets
everywhere it's all over your hands it's
to keep these with more of a scale
appearance and not just a circular mound
coming off of our skin smooth the edges
down but make the top portion relatively
flat instead of a full circle have the
edge protrude up and then even out when
working around the eyes just try to keep
the wax out of your eyelid because wax
will get sticky again with the warmth of
your skin and a lot of movement and you
don't want that tacky feeling in your
crease no ma'am I only went about half
way back on the bald cap just because we
will be wearing a hood to cover the rest
up but if you want to wear this for
Halloween and wear your hood down have a
friend help you to cover the entire head
and scales continue cascading the scales
down onto your face a bit so it's a nice
transition from scales to skin we don't
just the starks top of scales to skin
with some white greasepaint and a bit of
foundation I fill in my face first off
using my hand then switching to a brush
most of my brushes are dirty after all
these days as you can probably imagine
so a girl's got to make it work
add color around the back of your bald
cap - and then a bit in between the
scales since that would be the actual
exposed skin color you can highlight a
bit with the color a few shades lighter
than the first original color you chose
which for me is straight-up white but if
you have a darker skin tone I would
suggest just keeping with your natural
skin tone and then going just a little
lighter for the highlight set the living
 out of the wax this will give it a
nice even surface to work off of and
keep it in place for this look our
contour game got to be a
point dark and right underneath your
cheekbones as you normally would but
also pull the color down along your
mouth for a hollowed out effect if you
don't know exactly where to put the
shadow at make a kissy face and the
shape will appear along your mouth carve
out that chin or at least I am going to
because I got a slimmed-down the moon
face and with the same brown powder we
use to contour our face darken around
the borders of the scales do this on top
of the wax but only focusing where that
curve begins this will show that the
scale has dimension alcohol paints work
amazingly on top of wax using my white
alcohol paint I play it all over the top
of the scales this will only highlight
them that will also bring them to be
more of the idea I was looking for on
the face a light pale base with some
white ass dimensional scales the alcohol
paints also started to look a little too
intense next to the eye shadow so I
mixed a few in my palette to get a brown
shade and just went over those shadows a
little bit you could also use extra
alcohol by itself to blend all the
colors together on top our skin would be
shadowed a bit by these bulbous scales
but the skin right under them would
still be a bit light since again this is
our natural skin peeking through only
the scales are the ones that would have
dimension and shadow add a couple little
rogue scales to add more of the
cascading look and darken around those a
bit as well my collar bones and body
weren't really matching up so just
contour in at that little neck hole and
around your collar bones you could even
continue some scales down onto your
chest whatever works for you in your
costume
this look almost reminds me of my angel
from last year soft but also a little
creepy so I filled in my lips with drug
lord from Jeffrey star which is a liquid
lipstick it's perfect if you're wearing
this out all night but you also need to
have the whitest teeth in the world
which I do not to bring some interest
into the lips I added a dark brown line
towards the center and continued that
down the chin blending that out as I
went edit a bit of shadow still all
around the lips for no rhyme or reason
really just I thought it looked cool and
gave a more exaggerated shape unto Z
eyes I added brown all over the lids and
a much darker Brown around the outer
edges even made my contour just a little
more intense to the contour and the
scales to me are the entire look so you
want those two real pop out pop on some
lashes and mascara you can even paint
these white if you like but I liked them
big and black then I just added some
white cat eye contacts perfect for our
snake lady and this haunting Beauty
costume that I was going to use for a
mummy
but again worked for this I hope you
guys liked my version of Medusa I just
need an excuse to bring my little babies
in for this one thank you so so so much
for watching and make sure to use the
hashtag Halloween if you want to show me
your recreations and your work subscribe
if you haven't already
I love the out you guys and I'll
just see you tomorrow Oh miss ackers
that's worth getting on ex-slave he's
like yeah no contacts no
you
[Music]
[Music]