hello everybody so Tammy and I picked up
these two chairs here for three dollars
a piece out of the goodwill they look
pretty pretty bad and stuff like that I
mean there's paint all over them and
there's some sticky stuff and I didn't
see the marker when we bought them but
there's a lot of marker attached to em
and stuff like that so you know it's
gonna be kind of tricky but what we
gonna do is we gonna try to refinish
them and go from there so I'm gonna let
Tammy work on those for now because
she's he's ready come on
okay Tammy's refinished from the chairs
with the sander
looking rough
so this is teamwork right there
the whole family hello is participating
and refinishing the chair event it's
yeah it's the Olympics we got team a and
then we have team B oh your teammate is
taking a break so what we're doing is
we're taking the finish off the chairs
so all the all the markers all the
crayon everything is off
we're getting there yep so we're doing
now as we're doing the final touches and
everything and we are using a 400 grit
sandpaper which is very very fine which
basically is going to make the surface
very very smooth so then when we use the
polyurethane it would be it would be
super smooth and there's not going to be
any snags or anything like that and
let's see we are going to use let me get
it here fast-drying polyurethane clear
gloss which is which is very easy to use
and however it's very sticky so what you
want to do is you want to put it on you
want to make sure you put a drop cloth
or something on there and we're gonna
use these cheap old brushes that you can
find anywhere we got ours at Home Depot
but they're available anywhere so
we will start doing that in a couple of
minutes no you just gotta wipe it and it
looks like it's starting to look like a
brand new chair right there and this is
basically how it's done in our DIY
channel on how to refinish your chair
that you can pick up at Goodwill for
like three dollars maybe maybe less and
like and subscribe if you got any
comments or questions please feel free
to post them on or leave them on the
side so thank you bye bye