Sarah from Average Betty here with a
simple method for caramelizing onions
although they have a reputation for
making people cry onions have a
naturally high sugar content so when you
cook them for long periods of time the
natural sugars come out and they
caramelize they lose their harsh tearful
bite and become so sweet you can eat
them with a spoon not that I've ever
done that you're going to need to cut
and peel a boatload of onions for this
so put on your big Sue chef pants okay
you can cut onions and slices which is
probably most common for topping
Sandwiches and Such or you can dice them
if you're going to use them in a dip or
a sauce like this I've got a little bit
of oil for my saut√© pan heating over
medium Heat this is my boatload of
onions as you can see I went for the
dice get all this in there get in there
stir the onions around a bit and spread
them out now let this cook for 5 minutes
without touching it it'll be hard I know
don't touch it then after 5 minutes give
them a stir and allow them to keep
cooking adjust the heat to keep them
from burning keep stirring until you
have something deep brown in color like
this oh yeah this is a little chicken
broth to De glaze the pan you could also
use some dry white wine or some balsamic
vinegar and that's all you need to do
more tips for caramelizing onions and
all my favorite recipes at avery.com I
hope you'll try caramelizing some onions
soon you'll love the flavor they bring
to everything or nothing thanks for
watching and subscribing see you next
time M cared onions you did not just see
that