hello and welcome to you how to cook
great food with thousands of recipes and
millions of views why not subscribe to
our Channel and join the family welcome
back once again to how to cook great
food calm if you haven't already please
click that button and subscribe to our
Channel on the menu today and as you can
see right here just this moment finished
really simple not going to keep you long
today we're gonna make a really
beautiful black-eyed pea salad bit of a
Mexican vibe in it it's got a few little
herbs a little bit of a kick cilantro so
so simple healthy good for you vegan was
gonna do okay so let's take a look at
some of the ingredients or most of them
that in this case in the center here
I've got my black-eyed peas they're
cooked already you can boil them you can
use a can if you're going to use a can
make sure you wash them nicely in some
cold water then lots of veggies this is
entirely up to you where you go with
this today I'll be using some chopped
red onion some celery some bell peppers
different colors some tomatoes some
cucumbers I'm also gonna add a load of
cilantro or coriander then I'm gonna
make a dressing we've got some fresh
chilies some garlic some lime juice
lemon works as well but lime is really
nice in this one olive oil nice quality
if you can and then little touch of
paprika and a little touch of cumin
powder as well as some seasoning just
gonna do it so simple okay so so simply
I've now got a mixing bowl and I've put
my black-eyed peas in and all my
vegetables and give it a little mix very
simple I've also added my chili and my
garlic to that now my garlic was quite
chunky you didn't have to do it like
that you could do it really fine but I'm
quite happy to bite on that so add which
vegetables you like I mean it's very
vegetable heavy this salad as well
choose what you want you might wanna add
some different vegetables some carrots
or some sweet one or something like that
but that's all average doubles chopped
and now beans mixed let's do the
dressing okay this couldn't be simpler
I'm going to 2 1 Orlov oil to parts and
my lime juice 1
heart you can adjust that if you want I
just refer it out of that little bit of
black pepper
I could quarter a teaspoon of cumin
powder again quarter a teaspoon of
paprika now be careful with paprika
three types generally hot which is just
like chili street or smoke that's a salt
now we've already put our fresh chilies
and our garlic in the salad you could
put it in here everyone sees what I've
just opted to put it in with the
vegetables just gonna give this a little
mixed little taste beautiful really
really beautiful simply we're gonna mix
that onto the salad so there we go
really simple vegetables and beans
they're dressing that we've made here
over that goes we're now gonna put in
some fresh cilantro or coriander
depending on where you come from in the
world and simply we're gonna give this a
little mix and this is done it is so
simple really really good for you go
nicely with kicking it adjust it how you
like guys but that's it nice quick one
today don't forget to subscribe to our
channel that helps us out a great deal
and we'll see you soon
lots of love with thousands of recipes
and millions of these why not subscribe
to our Channel and doing the family