visible paraffin that's what's required
it's jackal serious ease around Yankee
old paraffin put some put a bit nice
charcoal in the bottom of the pipe there
which probably so I put in before I
filled it up in the bottom of the
gildner is a quantity of stuff from the
last Berman's didn't quite didn't quite
turn into charcoal so there's a charge
in the bottom a flammable charge then
what I do now is I put the rest of this
paraffin in like that that's nice nice
hot burning charcoal in the bottom
surrounded by tora fide would sir want
to burn and that will that will provide
the fuel to turn the rest of this into
jackal flame
important
it's a lot harder than it looks this got
to be fairly professional six years and
years raining to be a charcoal burner is
here's a bit more skill than being an
airline pilot more skilled than being
rocket scientist takes more brains than
a brain surgeon brain surgeons have got
nothing on me
around the edge here I'm I'm I'm
pre-empting the stairs where I actually
put the put the charcoal kiln out what
I've got get around the edge here is a
nice airtight airtight seal so when I
saw that throughout the burn and when I
when I shut it down eventually in 24 36
hours time no air can get in because if
air gets and it won't go out and an
awesome experience that if you open a
kiln and it hasn't gone out quite there
you are bugging it up and suddenly you
realize the tom fire I mean it's never
really well it can happen two or three
days afterwards if there's just a little
little air gap gets in
I've known rabbits and things in the
past believe it or not rabbits can have
a tendency in the winter the kiln is
warm and
in the world rabbits can come along and
sense this warmth and prevalence Levana
I love it they dig their way because
they let herring and and admittedly they
never they never seem to let that much
in but they obviously burrowing around
the air to keep warm but that stops the
stops are killed from going out when I
come up and then let all the oxygen back
in it well first since its led every
hour this is all oak mostly in their
caucus doke cut from cut for Michael and
staddles which which it reads of self
seeded in their caucus and the caucus
has been neglected for so long that they
become quite big you are and become
substantial fairly substantial bits of
timber in their own right but there are
too tall because they've had to compete
with everything else and and they're not
they're just not part of a productive
work they're productive to me because
that beneath them the traditional caucus
in the olden days there would have used
them as well obviously you know they
would have chopped up probably and let
them dry out for firewood or make
alcohol out and life and so ignored
there's accomplices you didn't by
neglect offices with with an abundance
of overgrown corpus wood which is what
this is in there
so turn it into charcoal that's my
philosophy come back in an hour so enjoy
some more okay so it's been burning all
night
steady we're at pretty much half speed I
do this because it allows me to go and
get some sleep like a little bit for
sort of 10 hours I could leave this like
this for quite a long time actually you
see it's very placidly thundering away
but now the dawn of a new day I want to
get on with it
so what I want to do is speed up so
first of all I'm going to get another
chimney I'm going to put it on there
sort of debris last burn tar builds up
just about everything when you're
charcoal but every now and again I have
to dismantle the whole thing and clean
the tar out you burn the chimneys out
and all the rest of it so that chimneys
on there and I don't have a lot of big
chimney so I'll use this one put this on
here the wind is coming from the West
which tends to hit the kiln up more on
the windward side so I'll put the
smaller chimney on the window on there
or to wind and
that should help evenly distributed
inside its air then half-mast last night
I'm going to open up this one right down
just about I'm going to open that up and
this one out some more and this one now
that's the kettle boiling so give this
20 minutes or so and it'll get hotter
it's quite hot now but it's going to get
there bit hotter and these two all the
chimneys should start up and they should
the smoke here should thicken up and
increase in volume speeding the process
up and there we go see you in a bit
and here we are 20 minutes later see the
smoke thickening up this chimney is a
bit feeble you see this looks a bit
thinner there but I still only speak
because it's a bit hotter this side then
it is over that side not to worry and
we've still got hours to go where one
way of telling this Spade it's not a
shovel it's a spade it's nice and dry
let me put that over there in the smoke
for 10-15 seconds something like that
most of this that's coming off is water
so you look wet go to the back water
tarz paraffins all sorts of things come
up people always say oh you should
collect all this stuff I don't have time
to do that yeah let's have a look wet
see for water fundamentally what I'm
doing is I'm taking a lot of raw fuel
that's got all these stuff in it water
you know stuff that if you burn it you
know if you if you cooking on ward in
the city they're never going to come
around and murdie because there's all
this stuff to contend with what I'm
doing fundamental is I check the wood
and I get rid of all this stuff in and
out of the work place where it's not
going to disturb anybody and you end up
with a clean fuel that you can burn
sociably
and it and it easier to light lighter
it's just fantastic stuff without gas
and electricity let's face it charcoal
is an explicitly and probably in the
world today
more probably more people cook charcoal
than they do gas probably something like
that I'll be back okay it's been going
for about 32 hours give or take an hour
or so and it's hot and the second two
chimneys off and half these air inlets
and you can see not much left in there
when we saw it before it was all thick
white clouds now it's gone a bit murky
then still not quite done
also if you listen carefully
it's like
slight noises going on in there what's
breaking down into charcoal there we are
give it another another hour or so okay
so I shut it down last night
and just got it this morning and it's
not completely cold slightly slightly
warm but close good side sometimes their
absolute peak to put out but not this
time it's cooling down nicely if it all
the air holes in with soil is all
looking here this is tar inside of that
chimney there needs cleaning out the tar
and setar everywhere what's this
so limpet are mostly come out of the
previous burn sir
you find some shiny stuff here we are
look that when it comes out it's all hot
and soft and it's quite fascinating
stuff really
I should collect it I suppose make my
own tyres but I'll never get me onto it
this one as well full big lump there
still slightly soft look
good clean dirt that's what I call it
good clean dirt and that one good clean
dirt turn by Lubar okay so I'm going to
open it like this
looking good looking good
excellent excellent excellent excellent
excellent
I told it was out of this side didn't I
look so grounding it excellent won't get
better to up all this quite sure of that
quite sure of that unless of course
you're a brain surgeon or rocket
scientist then you might get better
chuckle but I doubt it
I don't think so I don't think well what
do I have to do now baggy tall