[Music]
alright guys today I must talk a little
about air filters in general and then I
want to talk about the cleanable
reusable bobble air filters from Canon
Fram air hogs and a bunch of our brands
out there something like this the cotton
gauze ones you can clean and all the
problems that they cause alright the
first thing I want to talk about is the
old style paper filters just like this
they're pretty basic and there's a bunch
of different varieties out there and the
biggest thing you look out for they're
all pretty much the same as far as the
pleats on here and how well it's all
made I've seen a few really cheap ones
where the cap right there that's that
bullet nose for this type of vehicle
actually falls off because the glue just
is subpar and the biggest thing though
is this right here this this foam gasket
on the end here this is what actually
seals off your air filter housing your
filter housing is not perfectly sealed
it's just two plastic pieces coming
together and it relies on this foam seal
right here to actually seal it up so
this thing gets damaged or it's really
thin it'll actually cause a lot of air
flow disturbance past your mass airflow
sensor not mentioned passing on dirt the
best ones I found for these believe it
or not are the motor craft ones the seal
on here is so thick that's actually hard
to get the two pieces of air filter
housing together and clamp down that's
how thick and plush it is and that's
definitely I keep all the dirt out of
that so that's a good test for it you'll
be able to tell just by that if you have
access to it no question about it get
the motor craft ones but if you do go
get the air filters from the store just
make sure this air this you know this
this seal on the engine is home is nice
and plush and thick on there so that it
certainly you know seals it up and does
this job you want a filter there and not
bypass it now the other thing is just
how well it fits inside of this housing
on here you can see this one isn't made
exactly for it might be a little more
generalized filter for a couple differ
for don't use the conical filters and it
just does not seal properly and I'll
show you just how well it does not seal
here in a second once you look at the
intake tube on here that's a very good
indication how well your air filter is
actually working now what you need to
realize this right after the air filter
usually is the mass airflow sensor so
you want the air to be as straight as
possible as it passes across it and
therefore the most accurate measurement
on there and of course you can't be
getting any kind of dirt on here or oil
or caked up or bugs or anything on here
because it can actually calculate the
air flow and properly based on the hot
wire sensing element inside of there and
just the way it's design in there this
one you could see they got a bunch of
dirt going through there and of course
oil from the filter and look at the hot
wire sensing element in there it's
absolutely coated and it's not reading
right at all
this can cause lien codes rich codes it
just depends how it is actually
contaminated in there a lot of times
when you cover it up bug a wing of a bug
something like that it'll cause lien
codes in there and it gets overlooked a
lot now the even bigger indication is
this right here this is a site that's
actually going to the throttle body and
you can see inside here just how much
fine powder and dust is getting through
there and ending up over here and
dusting the engine literally and when
you dust the engine you can lose
compression on it quite fast in a short
amount of mileage so you definitely
don't want to do that especially not
this much of this is really really bad
actually
and this is how it should look once the
air filter goes in there and kind of
self centers it goes all the way to the
edge on here because there's only a thin
edge on the inside here where it
actually contacts to seal up so it has
to go to the very outer edge on here
it's very important on this style air
filter also a quick note on cold air
intake systems I absolutely despise them
also because you think that Ford
engineers or Chrysler engineers or chevy
engineers don't know a better where you
think it's getting onto air from
defender which is constantly getting fed
cool dear ambient temperature as you're
going down the road there already is a
cold air on your vehicle now yeah these
air filters are good for life with your
engine but they're gonna be the end of
the life of your engine if you keep
using one on there and speaking of
horsepower gains that's the other reason
they say to use these horsepower gains
we actually had our actual muscle car
okay put in one stock air filter and put
it on the dyno and then we came out we
change out the air filter with the K&N
air filter high flow system on there and
the actual horsepower actually dropped
by about ten to fifteen horsepower so it
doesn't always equal a horsepower
increase either