hello I'm Brandon with select Billiards
and today I'm going to show you how to
maintain your pool table felt well the
biggest thing with felt are burn marks
all right burn marks as you can see on
this table there are burn marks all over
this table little
dots I get people playing on this table
some people know what they're doing some
people have no idea what they're doing
and the people that don't know what
they're doing are the ones that create
the spots and it's always because they
have the Q elevated at an angle instead
of keeping the Q parallel shooting the Q
balls straight across the table not into
the table into the table is what creates
a burn mark and I'm going to show you
exactly how that happens all right so
first of all I'm going to shoot this
shot and I'm going to draw the ball and
I'm going to show you that there is no
spot right here I'm going to set the
cube B okay and I'm just going to draw
the
ball remember where the Q ball
is
okay you see that there's no spot there
there's a start slight line from the
chalk that will wipe up but there's no
spot so now I'm going to put the Q ball
back right where there's no spot I'm
going to put another ball up here and
I'm going to draw the ball doing it the
wrong way now I'm going to elevate the
queue up so I'm going to pretend like I
have no idea how to draw the ball but
I'm going to try how to draw the ball
try to draw the ball now I'm going to
elevate the queue remember where it is
there's no
spot I'm going to elevate the que and
what happens is now when I draw the ball
I'm burning the ball it's pinching in
between the felt and it's going to
create a burn mark no
Mark now there's a mark That's a burn
mark and that's how these all these
little spots happen is from people
elevating trying to draw the ball
pinching the ball in the felt and it's
creating a little burn mark so if you
want to avoid these spots keep your que
level Shoot Straight even when you draw
the ball you don't have to go into the
felt you're going straight across the
table I'm Branda with select bards and
that's how you maintain your felt