[Music]
hi I'm jod Lee with deco pack in this
segment I'd like to show you how to
assemble our licensed numeral cupcake
cakes here I have a number one I'm
assembling for you we have a brochure
with our licensed cupcake cakes and they
can show you a lot of the other fun
number cakes you can create what I'm
doing here is I've assembled a mockup of
the shape I
need and once I get that in place I will
then pick up each cupcake as quickly as
I can and just put a little dab of icing
in a circular motion for some reason if
you put just a blob in the middle it
seems to slide around but there's some
kind of uh
magnetic cupcake Force should we say
that if I do it like this it just
creates some kind of suction kind of
like when you're icing a cake and you
have the comb side and the flat side
there's some kind of adhesion that it
does so I'm just going to quickly run
through all these and when I'm done
attaching all the cupcakes I will then
go back and start moving them as close
together as possible to create a tight
the tightest barrier I can without
having to have too much icing falling or
being placed in between the cupcakes cuz
that would just be a lot of icing it' be
really heavy
and it's just wasteful to use that much
icing so I'm going to go back and just
really work those cupcakes in there
where I can best do that and if there's
any little extra icing outside the
cupcake liner just take a little spatula
and get that out of the way so I'm just
as as tight as I can I think I got it
pretty tight I would like a large number
one so I could go tighter but it would
be a half a one by then so I think I'm
ready to ice the
cupcake so at this point as you can see
i' I've packed these in as tightly as I
can and I've started to feel in the
areas where I'm going to have some
possible icing fall through the cupcakes
I'm just going to fill it in so I can
keep all the icing on top and keep my
design intact literally when I do a
cupcake cake that is just smoothed over
I want to reference that it looks like a
cupcake so I will just do an outer
cupcake wall with my icing
bag and then after I get the outer wall
I'll just go in and fill
in and it'll appear that I iced every
cupcake individually but I
didn't just there you go and once again
very important to have refreshed Icing
at all times as much as you can possibly
remember keeps the air Min Min minimizes
air
bubbles and extra
smoothing and then just a quick fill
in and then proceed with your icing
scraper and just
smooth the remainder of your cupcake
cake
and there you have your completed and
iced numeral cake ready to decorate for
the finishing touches you can see the
next segment for our numeral cupcake
cake