create this grown-up version of Pavlova
using sweet Grand maner and masap pony
for the filling and a Swiss roll
technique to make its elegant shape to
begin combine the masap pony cream icing
sugar and Grand maner in a small bowl
cover with plastic wrap and place in the
fridge to firm
slightly meanwhile preheat the oven to
160Â° centigrade grease and line the base
of a 24x 30 cm Swiss roll pan with
baking
paper use an electric mixer to beat the
egg whites in a medium bowl until soft
piges
form gradually add the castor sugar
while continuously
whisking continue whisking until the
mixture is thick and glossy and the
sugar has
dissolved add the corn flour and vinegar
and use a metal spoon to gently fold
until just
combined spread the mixture into a
prepared pan bake for 20 minutes or
until just
firm lay a clean tea towel on a clean
work surface top with a large sheet of
baking paper and dust with extra icing
sugar turn the pavlover out onto the
baking paper and set aside for 10
minutes to cool
spread the masap pony mixture along the
long side of the mering closest to
you carefully roll the pav over using
the paper and a tea towel as a guide to
enclose the
filling keep the pav over wrapped in
baking paper and the tea towel and place
in the fridge for at least 3 hours or
overnight to
set to make the berry compt combine the
sugar and water in a small saucepan over
a low heat cook stirring for 2 minutes
or until the sugar
dissolves simmer for 2 more minutes or
until thickened
slightly place the syrup raspberries and
their juices in the bowl of a food
processor and process until
smooth strain the mixture through a Sie
into a medium Bowl place in an airtight
container and refrigerate to
chill remove the paper and tea
tow transfer the pavlover roll onto a
serving
platter top with strawberries
blueberries and raspberries drizzle with
the raspberry
koi