hello there guys Francis gray and today
I've got a new model a tip for you on
this is how to keep air drying modeling
clay
soft now if you've used this stuff in
the past you probably found that once
you've put the packet open you're in a
bit of a bit of a quick fix to use the
modelling clay up because as soon as it
hits it it dries it out and it becomes
unusable so you threat you tend to as
soon as you've opened it up usually
solves by this end yeah and then you
always like are but I've only got to use
this bit and then you're like alright
I'll just roll up the end and then next
time you got use it you find that this
part will be alright but this part here
which is a let air get with it will be a
pretty Rock ad on a rock ad but it'll be
a lot stiffer than it shouldn't be and
you can't really model with it so
there's some three simple tips and so
basically just the seam line 3/4 zorb
and this is where it's sealed instead of
cutting all the way down here you want
to cut off the top here okay so now that
that should be open I've seen getting
your hairdryer modeling clay now in the
past you know if yet if you cut that way
down there you wouldn't have had nothing
to roll up on so with this you got a
tiny little bit to get over so obviously
use your much as much modelling clay as
you need to so this would obviously be
down to here now so this the can then be
rolled up now what once it's rolled up I
suggest getting yourself some some thick
looking napkins you can pick this up
these are from any restaurant or any
fast food restaurant are just a year in
your general their new general shop
shops area and then obviously some
normal paper towel as well a kitchen
roll and then
pop that over the end as well you want
to get yourself at least two elastic
bands and simply just pull them over the
top and then that alone will help air
get into the mixture as a fair
precaution now you could just put it in
a plastic tube if you want I should be
fine then a problem that I've got with
plastic tubes is usually there's like
they're about that much high error that
much like wider that's you trapping air
in with it so should be fine well as
long as you do this step but if you
don't do this step and you just put it
in a container then there's that volume
of air I'm gonna affect this part of the
clay so I'd always do this first if you
don't want to go the table route you can
always just get yourself a resealable a
airtight bag so it's basically yet this
is a bit too big at the moment for
basically age you can fit that in there
and then just seal up the top then
obviously that I'll keep it tight but if
you can't for it in there are you
haven't got one of those simply use it
old bread bag know where you get like
lofts in with from the supermarket well
they make these to be airtight
obviously they don't want the the bread
the egg into the bread to make the bread
Grimaldi so basically just pop it on in
there
push out in the air zoom again you can
put a tiny little bracelet around it Oh
even better elastic bands again and then
now we'll keep the air dryer modelling
clear nice and moist so next time you
got to use it you don't have to worry
about like an inch to two inches being
there unusable or so so so I look
mortified that's that you can get good
detail from your moles or from your from
your sculpt them so yeah so I hope you
enjoyed this quick tip guys and please
don't forget to click the like button if
you liked it you learn something new
please share online Facebook Twitter etc
it really helps me out and it helps new
people find these tips and then nothing
else to say but thank you for watching
and see you next time thank you very
much goodbye