[Music]
good morning and welcome to our
Valentine's Day brunch here I'd like to
take you through really quickly what
I've got set out here and how I did it
so getting started here is our table and
I just wanted to show you I did a
backdrop which was a little it was very
easy but it was a little bit
time-consuming I got a red ribbon string
and then the same way I did hearts to
decorate my tree except instead of using
two with the one smaller one in the
middle I just did one heart and did them
all the way down so I have a whole
backdrop of these but it was such a
pretty background for the display that
you know I thought it was it was a
little time-consuming but very
affordable and easy to do and turned out
so pretty since we have kids and some
adults as well that like strawberry milk
we've got that in these little glass
jars which you can purchase individually
I know what you can purchase my craft
stores I've seen them at Michaels but
what I actually did here was if you're
familiar with the starbucks Frappuccino
glasses I actually just took the labels
off and scrubbed the glasses boiled them
and sterilized them and now I have them
as glasses that I can use for things
like this I took some pink ribbon and
tied my straws onto the rim I lined my
white dish with a half a piece of pink
construction paper I did half on this
side and the other half of the sheet of
paper on the other side with the other
drinks and then I took a couple of these
felt glittery foam hearts from Dollar
Tree and just put them in the bottom for
a little extra accent and decoration on
this side of the table I did a
strawberry mimosas you can see I have
the same pink paper liner with the
glittery hearts which I think just
brightens up the tray and adds a little
more color to the table we've added some
donuts here from our favorite bakery in
the area I also added rice krispies
treats as a little snack here I just
made a tray of them sprinkled the candy
shots
some decorations on top and then just
used a heart cookie cutter and cut out
the shapes which it was pretty easy to
do pretty quick I don't know about you
but I love fruit and yogurt and granola
parfaits they're so good especially when
the yogurt kind of tends to make the
granola like a little bit chewy so it's
not so crunchy and the fruit just adds
like the perfect amount of sweetness so
what I did here in these is I got these
glasses you can get a 5 pack of them at
Dollar trade they're actually just um I
guess they're like an acrylic plastic so
and you can rewatch them and use them
again if you want to use them a few
times I wouldn't use a scrubby pad
because they're gonna get scratched up
and they won't be clear and shiny but
you know you could rewash them they're
pretty sturdy so what I did was I
chopped up some strawberries to put in
the bottom and you can add the granola
of your choice some yogurt I did french
vanilla yogurt and blueberries on top
and then the strawberry just adds like a
nice color pop especially for
Valentine's Day it's the lecture red on
the table so I don't know I think I kind
of like the order here but you could do
any fruit you want Andy granola you know
any kind of yogurt you like for that
matter last but not least my favorite
part of this display I did it's it's
pretty small but a little homemade
edible arrangements and you can use any
fruit you like I used the same heart
cookie cutter that I did on the rice
krispies treats I did for the pineapple
and you're just gonna pick whatever
container you want to use this this was
a a candle holder actually in the past
and I cleaned it all out afterward and
then I wrapped my foam block in plastic
wrap put it down in the middle so no
food would be touching the foam or
anything like that and then I got my
skewer wooden skewer sticks soak them in
water and I broke them to the sizes that
I wanted and then just added the fruit
and put them in you know one by one I
did a bunch of white chocolate covered
strawberries I used Ghirardelli
chocolate and I have seen people that
recommend doing like
bounces of your chocolate along with two
teaspoons of butter and definitely
adding that extra bit of fat helps but I
have actually done the analysis of
chocolate with instead of two teaspoons
of butter just 1/2 teaspoon of
shortening and for whatever reason like
I think it works really well I know we
don't really want to eat shortening but
it's only half a teaspoon well you know
we're not eating this that often but I
have you can see on the chocolate it
looks fine it's been in the refrigerator
I know people have said to store it on
the counter because Oh it'll the
chocolate blooms and you're gonna get
the marks but I don't know putting the
shortening in it I actually haven't had
that problem and the chocolate stays
nice and smooth and shiny I've done it
with dark chocolate as well and both
ways worked out perfectly thank you so
much for watching I hope you've enjoyed
this video leave me a comment below let
me know what you'll be having at your
Valentine's breakfast see you soon bye
bye
[Music]
you