[Music]
this time on road kills a junkyard
Rescue of our latest project vehicle we
call it Pig Pen we restore this thing in
Just 4
days that it's like magic that was like
magic
[Music]
today we're rolling into Turner's Auto
Wrecking in Fresno California this place
is run by Jerry Turner and I could not
believe he's lived on this property
since
1932 and he's been in the junkyard
business for so long that he's collected
a bunch of property around here he's got
75 acres and literally thousands of cars
we're going to pick one of them and make
it run and drive
this is absurd welcome to Mecca
friend and according to the locals
inside there is stuff like a 64 Impala
with only, 1500 miles on it really yeah
yeah it's not junk there is no junk here
but except maybe the RV the RV is pretty
crappy no I really like that storage
unit right there all right we need a
plan why it's road kill no no no 75
Acres that's true it's tough to even get
through this in one day I think so what
do you want the goal is find a car or
cars out of here we've basically got 3
days right we have today Tuesday
Wednesday well no today what is today
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday we have two
days two days plus two days to fix a car
and get it home visit the AR right maybe
find a drag STP we need a new project
car that we can use either for the stock
our body swap or the boat engine debacle
or something like that so I won't know
it till I see it and I want to see it
all so the guy said we could use the
Tahoe I say we just drive 75 Acres right
now and pick what we're going to do all
right let's do that
[Music]
okay all right here's the gate to
Paradise there's a Mazda RX7 over
there not that I want one of those but
there's a Mazar X 7 over there a falcon
the problem is I have so many different
plans in my head for so many different
kinds of cars virtually anything I see
here I could go oh I've always wanted to
do this that and the other with one of
those wow there's a 66 chel SS hood I've
seen more rear ends they they're falling
I've never seen as many naked rear ends
before in one place though W look at all
the rotors not even in Vegas we're going
over you trust this bridge I trust the
Ducks trust the ducks in the water it's
very
wow there's a lot of Pontiac we've been
prowling Turners here for probably only
about 15 or 20 minutes but we have a guy
from the yard helping us and the
discouraging thing is that we told him
yeah we're looking for something we can
make run and drive in two days and the
guy paused for like a solid 30 seconds
he was like
well I don't think he quite gets arojo
but at the same time looking around the
yard a lot of the stuff is really really
far gone no no he was going through the
mental checklist of every car in the 75
acre large yard
that's why it took him so much time
we're fine there's there's something
here keep it up yeah yeah this side's
got a character this is there's a story
to tell here it up I was going to point
out the trunk key was there but when I
pulled it out I got the whole trunk
mechanism that mean it opens now
yeah dead
body you have one of those already yep
sort of not quite as good as that
one look at the like psycho house they
have going on here too
wow what's it say
mono
sequa this was like a hotel shuttle
vehicle this thing is
hammered that is a Cosworth no way this
is a Cosworth Vega I wonder if he know
the heads and everything that's a legit
Cosworth thing is we never get this
running ever are you sure Factory
mechanical fuel
injection no that's amazing right there
that's uh roughly a 1930 Ford fire
[Music]
truck this one's pretty good it's a long
bed it has no compression whatsoever but
it turns over see
that uh compression is overrated there's
a starter on it let's make this one run
it's pretty cool we have all the parts
we need right there there's our winner
I'm not sure but it's either a 49 or 50
GMC I'm told it's missing one of the
brake drums it looks mostly complete
need some wiring supposedly rwind parked
we're going to find out we've got 2 days
to make this run and drive back to Los
Angeles so we picked out the car we're
hoping to take home but we really need
to see if we can make the engine run cuz
if that doesn't happen there's no reason
in doing anything else yeah this is not
the car for you or me but it turns over
check this out I can grab the fan and
actually spin the
engine uh we'll have to go find a
another Jimmy 6 in the yard and maybe
even pull the whole distributor out of
it cuz this is fairly jacked the engine
we're dealing with here is actually a
GMC inline six often in hot rodding
known as a Jimmy 6 these things were
popular for hot rodders because they
came in a 302 in displacement which was
uh kind of a big deal for an inline 6 at
the time I actually know guys who've
gone 200 miles hour and more with these
things on nitromethane this one's either
a 248 or a 270 and the thing that you
need to know is this is completely
different than the Chevrolet stove bolt
6 we're going to be screwed when it
comes to replacement parts but we do
have a cool piece of hot roding history
here we're working on getting this
engine running after it hasn't been
fired up in at least since 1988 which is
the last tag on the license plate so
what do you do we're going to change all
of the fluids we need to make sure that
we've got fuel air and Spark obviously
for fuel we're not going to bother with
a fuel tank or anything I've got my
little clickity clackety electric fuel
pump that we're going to use to suck out
of a 5 gallon jug to feed the carbon
Ator so what do you want to
do all right just hit it let's just see
what happens crank it um can you be
somewhat prepared maybe to pull one of
those off in case it sticks yeah okay
I'm hoping it's in neutral I'm standing
off to the side just in case you mow
over the Valiant
ready
sure
nope there it's stuck
[Music]
they cranked over dude yeah it did
cranked good starter works well we need
a rotor and some oil wire up the plug
wires and we could find out if this
thing runs I don't know where we're
going to get a rotor actually that's
what we can do tonight is drive around
find a GMC with a rotor well there's
still daylight we should do that yep
there's a few GMC's in the yard not
many there you go I see a coil I see a
distributor good thing about being in a
junkyard is everything you need is right
here it's a virtual smorgas Board of
free Parts I can see us putting this
engine in our truck later on this week
maybe so there we found the rotor I
broke in this GMC and we almost fell in
love with this GMC right here and went
wait wait wait the 4950 we were looking
at done I don't know this thing's pretty
awesome that breakes we' take it home
yeah it's got a dump bed and mud tires
so that's it for the night we're going
to come back in the morning and try and
fired up yeah I really like that truck
though it's day two wrenching on the GMC
and we didn't get it fired up last night
and so we're going to work on that this
morning we've already poured oil in we
need to do some ignition system
modification there's some weirdness
about the distributor and rotor okay so
let's recap here this is new right now
that's the only rotor we're aware of
that will fit this engine at after we
cut it with a death wheel that's going
to
wobble if that
works I will be very impressed with
myself this never had a chance of
working why the rotor's way too big look
it's sitting above past the terminals
okay look what I got apparently there's
an early and a late distributor cap and
rotor that's the one yep solved is that
cap on the ground over there junkyard m
magic here's where we stand we have
spent approximately
$700 to figure out whether our GMC
straight 6 with parts robbed from a
Chevy and another GMC will actually run
and that will be the deciding factor on
whether we Abandon Ship here or keep
going so we're going to pump fuel on the
carburetor right now and see if it looks
like a el Tor lawn sprinkler or
not I hear it hear the bowl filling
happy bowl up there's our first leak but
I'm good with it
I have to simultaneously man the wire
running the fuel pump and ignition the
battery cable going to the starter cuz
that's probably going to stick and the
fire Creator do you have a hammer for
the starter oh yeah yeah I I'm using all
eight of my hands right now okay that
seems safe yeah all right hit
it
okay that was funny
all right um give it a shot ready
yep wa that wanted to run dude you see
that like that all right hold on that
wanted to run yeah it really
did look at that
running fullon running it ran okay how
can I cut power to the starter but not
and not kill the ignition is it got a
side terminal no no okay so all right I
got this i got this y there you go
exactly there you go okay are you ready
yep starting
fluid go
ahead I can't believe it fired up and
it's
idling look at that dude it's alive that
is like new there's no water in it so
let's kill it that is literally like
new it's not even smoking it's alive
this thing has 3 to1 compression son of
a gun we're driving home
wow I feel like we should having a beer
but it's 8:00 in the morning might not
matter okay wheels are on we don't know
if the trans Works we've not put any
water in the radiator or brake FL it
guaranteed the BR don't work come on
baby hold
water see no Badness yet that filled it
exactly how far it had to go really for
now yeah H that means the rest of it
packed with dirt well the cap was on it
right might not be cap wasn't on it I
don't know oh we need to fix the shifter
it's unscrewed from the column I just
need to find another truck that has the
screw okay here's a truck like ours
already gone actually it's because it's
a four on the floor there's another
one ah I failed cuz I have the wrong
tool I found the part but I have a
Phillips and it's a flathead this is
funky in here oh this must be where the
battery went oh my God there's a battery
in there
[Music]
still all right now let's put the new
battery in
there
fail
[Music]
win broke the screw that's a genius how
much time am I going to kill finding one
tiny screw I broke that one yes that's
all I'm looking for isn't it amazing
that that can stop your vehicle from
being drivable we want to drive this
thing but we don't know if we're fully
committed to this truck yet and so I
think I'm going to strap our makeshift
gas tank to the bumper here it's like
Factory it's in there solid
go right through the core support with
the fuel line electric fuel pump to our
gas
tank oh broke that one too done zip
ties giving up going to zip ties I think
it's pretty clear to anyone watching
that we should have just started
here I like it see the action on that
thing might have to rate that a little
bit okay that's good
wiring
done holding starter
down that's easy that's almost too easy
it's like
new we're driving full on yes we are
yeah all right let's slam the hood and
cruise
around yeah oh yeah Jimmy runs it's
perfectly
good wow does that mean that gauge is
working we have 40 40 lb oil pressure
that's not
possible okay I'll kill the ignition and
see if the gauge
moves no way we had over 40 lbs of oil
pressure friend
wow and the door opens dude I'm I'm so
committed now I'm almost thinking clean
out the
bed imagine the dust cloud the first
time she gets on the freeway let's see
what is this day two not bad sure front
brakes are together we toured the yard
in our new truck got a fuel system yeah
nice cans thank you um tomorrow we're
going to have to put brakes on this
thing the master cylinder is locked up
completely solid but we've got one
coming in in the morning and four wheel
cylinders we have to do that wire up
some tail lights put a 6volt battery in
it and all happening tomorrow here on
roadkill nice out all right let's
go yeah day three and and we're doing
pretty good we found a local place A1
electric strange name because that's
where we got all the brake parts we were
missing got a rebuild kit for the master
cylinder new wheel cylinders for all the
way around this thing and today we're
going to attempt to fix the brakes if
that works we just have to wire up some
tail lights
and hit the
freeway I think we're going to make
[Music]
it uhoh crap
hey
Dave you want the amazing news or the
less than amazing news you got it off I
did I did I got it off and I actually
understand how it functions and it's the
wrong rebuild kit and it's the wrong
rebuild kit yep no surprise yeah I have
good news though which is uh all the
brake lines and well not all the brake
lines I've cleaned so far have been fine
that's good news because I took this
line off and ran a wire through it no
issues okay good fact there was even a
little bit of liquid in there so I trust
those
right this means we're hunting the
graveyard for
more going junking yay oh I didn't see
this one
before that's why you got to walk the
yard this one's a long bed look at it
look at the linkage up here it has a
bigger brake line going into it like a
5/16 huh it probably means that that
Master's a different bore also how about
that place near your near Orange
uh yeah they would have it what's next
day wonder if anybody's ever laid under
a junk car in a junk yard and ordered
parts than calling truck shop director
call
Parts
one I'm afraid all the operators are
busy at the moment but please hold and
you will be transferred when somebody
becomes available because of a personal
attention given every caller you may
experience a brief delay please remain
on the line a representative will assist
you momentarily we're giving up this is
uh our third day of working on it and
we're not going to drive away first
thing tomorrow morning we're going to
have to put our FedEx master cylinder on
first thing tomorrow morning install it
bleed the brakes and then hit the road
and drive home with no issues whatsoever
that's the plan V's on the phone
ordering that master cylinder right now
all right I think we're
good it's the third day of our journey
and technically we've only made it about
300 yd around the junkyard but on the
bright side we rebuilt almost entire
brake system wiring
Plumbing she's ready to rock just need
one more piece tomorrow morning the
master cylinder and I think we'll be on
our
way it's day four and thank God for
classic Performance Products because
they had
perfect master cylinder for our 1950 GMC
and this is the last piece of the puzzle
once this is in the truck we can drive
it out of the yard we might not have any
lights cuz we haven't really tested that
yet but at least we can drive out of the
yard and get home to our wives because
we've been in this junkyard for almost 5
days and they're over it we're not but
they
are
one
two three holding hold on
ah not
good way not good it blew out a line
back
here that's going to be 2 hours here's
the line that
exploded right there we're re-plumbing
the whole truck right now fortunately
it's pretty simple I think uh overall
line replacement is probably only going
to take us about 45 minutes I'm going to
go over to the left front and bend that
one and then we can bleed the brakes
again and then leave and then leave
we're leaving and drive home in 3 hours
hours
okay take
two
open it's pretty solid fluid okay I'll
move to the next one the thing of it is
after all of this and we're anxiously
trying to drive away to go pay Jerry and
leave we've never started this thing on
6 volts
before so hopefully that works coming
down
it's 5:00 we were supposed to leave
roughly 8 hours ago in that 8 hours we
blew through the entire brake system of
this truck two or three times and we're
good at it now fegan's ultimately uh
solved the fuel system here we're about
to fire it up go see Jerry pay for this
junk and hit the
road
[Music]
okay it rolls this is good does it stop
I don't care I'm not finding out now I'm
going to see Jerry I worked really hard
on that let's find out ready yeah yes
breaks all right let's go see Jerry I
never cared about breaks in my entire
life but after you suffer for 2 days on
some you take a little bit of pride in
that well what do you think that is
Lally amazing is it that vehicle sat
there with a license plate on it 1988 we
fell in love with it over the past few
days for sure just tinkering with it
what's going side and make it ours yeah
pay you your money so what do we owe you
in total uh I think $2,000 but I told
you that's right just keep the change on
that we stole enough bolts and stuff
from it I know it's closing time yes
very much thank you a lot of fun
[Music]
it's getting dark and we never figured
out how to actually make either
headlights or tail lights work on this
thing we figured we can probably live
with no tail lights we're not going to
live with no headlights So the plan is
we're going to sort of make a bed here
out of some scrap that we found strap
our generator in it from our video crew
and run an extension cord out to the
front and put our work lights on the
front of the thing so we'll probably get
pulled over for having our lights too
bright honestly that's really
impressive fire it
up
wow that's really
good oh that is awesome it's
overheating not
good look at
that the rear main seals puking pretty
good yeah the clutch can's all
wet I'll would be truly impressed if
this works it will
I'd say roll on and don't drive that
fast all right
shot about 20 M from Turner Pig Pen
finally told us why she'd been parked
for 30
years we've been
beaten unfortunately Pig Pen has
probably seen its last mile this
motor this is probably why it was
originally in the junkyard the thing
idles around really great but you get it
up on the highway and it's starting to
rod knock and this right here is
basically crank case pressure it's not
overheating it's not overheating it's
oil coming out of the valve cover so
we're going to leave it here
and Co got a trailer and drag the thing
home
and hey we'll rebuild it yep it's an
awesome truck we still rescued and
recycled that truck they make speed
parts for that engine they do we you can
put a GMC 302 on it and turbo it see see
there's a reason for
everything it's hard to declare a big
win in this episode of roadkill a win
would have been driving this thing all
the way home but I'll go with a half win
the thing had been sitting for 30 years
and we did make it run and drive and we
did make it leave the property where it
had sat forever eventually we'll
probably make this truck run and by
eventually I mean another 30 years from
now this is roadkill we know how to make
junk live we know how to make junk run
we don't necessarily know how to get it
all the way
home this time on roadkill it's The
Clapper
fail you don't have the
touch there you go look at
that wow that was awesome fixed it by
driving backwards do that with a
30-year-old Toyota I'm going to remember
that mod now yeah
tomorrow we're going to show everybody
how to turn a three-hour drive into a
two-day Adventure that'll make my wife
thrilled more bang for The
Bu you know what I'm getting guaranteed
on this trip a sunburn oh yeah for sure