[Applause]
[Music]
today there is Mike here for most
reviews and tutorials and do a little
video here about how to get rid of onion
grass you can see here it's right
through this front lawn absolutely thick
as thieves and what we're doing at the
moment is actually pulling them up and
getting the entire bulb coming up and
what's been happening we've had two or
three days of rain continual rain and
the ground is softened up so the point
the onion wait up
we're actually getting a result and I
getting the entire bulb coming up you
can pull it up like that then I will see
you you're gonna get this thing totally
out what we had done to this area here
and paint brushes concentrated poison
ultimate actually painted it onto the
grass onto the gum all of its of the
onion we
so some of these down here have died
which is great because we're getting
probably 80% as we pull them up coming
up grabbing them getting out after the
rain and then you can pull them up I'll
show you the poison fate
so you round up products but the most
concentrated form and putting it on with
a paintbrush is the other way but this
was just so thick glass down on this
front lawn I see over there where its
own being pulled up so it's a
combination is what I'm recommending
when it's really really thick like this
it's very hard to get out but the
glyphosate on a paintbrush the
concentrators double-unders the light
stuff is the best way I've found and
definitely what's going on here finding
a day when the ground is soft after a
few days of rain so you're able to pull
pull break them off and then also with
the concentrated poison like it had been
at least two to three weeks since the
poison Amano just starting to die off on
the top see that there it's all in
pretty good condition but where I'd
poison them I decided to die off at the
top so it's a slow process because it's
got all of that bulb goodness to live on
for quite a time but it will take it out
at the end discovered tonight which is
an absolute Ripper is just to wait until
the right day oriental beautiful side
full of armor and then all obviously
I'll follow this up with poison
anything here's the concentrated product
that I'm using bran doesn't matter but
it's um glassy fate you see the active
constituent is glow surfeit there it
says one liter makes up to 200 liters
but using the concentrate on things like
and in weed is the way to go I just get
a paint brush dip it in the top and then
brush it onto the onion weed and that's
the only thing I know of little control
it
you