[Music]
I'm Marshall John and today I just want
to show you how to make a simple
herbarium
Mount so here's a list of the things
that you'll need first of all you need
some mounting paper this is 100 lb card
stock and then you'll need some Scotch
tape and the third thing that you'll
need are specimen ID cards okay so if
you look at these they have
um all the different information that
you will need now that you have
everything you need let's take the plant
out of the
press this one has been drying for quite
a while if you open up your press and
your plant still isn't dry then you're
going to want to wait for a little bit
longer you could even put your press in
front of a fan uh buy a vent in your
house something to help it dry out a
little bit faster so here is our
specimen right here and you'll take your
specimen
off of your out of your press you're
going to stick it on your paper once you
have it arranged how you want it then
make sure you also have made space for
your ID card so the ID card will go down
in this corner and your specimen goes
right here so you just take your tape
just a little thin strip and we're just
going to tape this on in just a couple
places we don't want to cover anything
that we might want to study
later and so just thin little strips so
it's not going to slide around not going
to move
around might even do a little bit of
this Leaf up here just to keep it keep
it extra sturdy and extra
stable okay so that is on also you want
to make sure you tape on your label some
people actually get self adhesive labels
and then print it off and so then you
can just peel it off and stick your
label right on your mounting paper so
there you go so your label is taped on
your plant is fixed to the mounting
paper and the next step is filling out
your ID
tag once your plant is mounted then it's
time to put it somewhere and for us what
we use is we just use a simple three-
ring binder with these page protectors
and just use the plastic sleeve and you
slide it right on down in
there that allows you to be able to look
at your plant also it's protected and
the parts aren't going to fall off it's
protected in there and it's easy to flip
through and look at all the different
things that you've collected thanks for
watching have a great day and remember
there's always something fun to do
outside
[Music]