hey what's up guys my name is Dylan
Kowalski team member of magic yo-yo and
today I'm going to show you guys how to
set up your first yo-yo how to make the
proper string length how to tie the
finger knot how to put the string on the
yo-yo and uh yeah let's go from there so
stay tuned okay guys first things first
you're going to need a yo-yo so um well
oh look there you go I got a magic yo-yo
K1 right here and uh secondly I'm going
to need a string so oh there you go all
right got to I got my string I got my
yo-yo a lot of people think that when
you put the string on the yo-yo that you
need to take the yo-yo apart uh that is
not true you do not want to take the
yo-yo apart and uh whenever you do take
your yyo apart you want to make sure you
do it over a table somewhere where
you're not going to lose any bearings or
spacers or anything okay so this this
technique will work on any yo-yo so
yo-yo string the way it is is it's one
long it's a bunch of threads and then
they're they're folded in half and spun
tight okay so on the end that goes on
the yo-yo it'll be like this you know
you don't want to use the end with the
knot on the end you want to use the the
looped off end right here okay so you
see how it's those strands so and then
at the end it's just one little circle
okay so really all you got to do is you
hold it about an inch away or uh you
know something like an inch inch and a
half and you just twist it and then with
your fingernails you can pull it apart
okay and you see how I have
that okay you want it jump just just
like that now you want to leave it open
take your yo-yo put it on the string and
pull nice and tight okay you want to
keep it tight and then just let go
that's all that's all there's to it to
putting the yo-yo on the string okay now
I'll show you guys a first person view
of that where you can see it a little
better here's the first person so you
see the string is actually twisted like
that so you want to grab it about an
inch and a half away untwist it so it
makes two lines like that it'll be easy
for you to put your fingernail between
it then and pull it apart a
little you just want to make it a little
bit bigger than the yo-yo by doing that
I like to do this on my right hand but
it doesn't really matter that's up to
you put it right in the middle pull it
tight and let go if you get a little
Kink just twist again pull
it and it's all good
okay now that we have our string on our
yo-yo the next thing we need to know how
to do is how to make it the proper
length Okay now that has a lot to do
with how tall you are you know if you're
somebody that's really tall you're going
to need a longer string if you're really
short you're a little kid you're going
to need a shorter string or you're going
to be banging your yoyo on the ground
and it's just going to make everything
harder okay so what you want to do this
is the way I prefer is to use the belly
button to the floor okay so you hold the
yo-yo to the floor and you see for me my
belly button is right here okay so I
need to take about an an inch off of it
okay so I'm going to tie another knot on
the end and then cut off the excess okay
so now that I know how long to make it
to me for me personally it's basically
just one one more Loops worth okay so
this is really simple to to tie a yo-yo
knot all you do is you fold you fold it
over okay so I got my my two right there
okay and then you just make tie a
regular overhand
knot with that knot okay now I'll show a
couple firstperson views of that so you
can see that okay now some string comes
with the loop already tied on it like I
was just showing a second ago but some
string will have no loop on it okay this
is the same method for either way okay
to tie it so you're going to double wrap
the string like that okay and then from
there you're basically just going to
grab it about in the middle and you're
going to make
an overhand
knot with
that and that's all there is to
it you can safely cut off the
excess you know if you're a kid you
should have your parents do this part
for you you you want you don't want too
much excess so you want to leave a
little
bit in case the string pulls but but
yeah you don't want any more than that
that's even a little much but I did that
just so you can kind of see now that's
all set up okay now to put it on my
finger really simple you don't want to
just put this loop on your finger you
want to take the string and put it
through creating a slip knot okay now
that you have a slip knot it'll it'll
go like that and you want to have the
side that has one string towards your
index finger you you want the side with
the two strings with the knot towards
your ring finger okay and you want to
have it between the first two Knuckles
you don't want to put it all the way in
the back you don't have as much control
or as much power in your throw and uh
when you learn more advanced tricks it
it'll make it much harder so you want to
have it right after the first knuckle
okay just like that okay I'll show a
first person view how to do that okay
first person view on how to make the
slip knot for your finger you just take
the loop that was already created
doesn't matter if it's too big for your
finger or too small either way this is
going to fix it you just put the string
coming off of it in it and it's as
simple as that you want to put it on
your middle finger and you want the side
with just one pointing towards your
index finger okay the side with two see
we got strings on there we got one two
that goes towards your ring finger
inside okay now that you know how to put
it on your finger how to tie the knot
how to make it the proper length last
thing is just how to tie it because
there's a ball bearing in this yo-yo
when I go to wind it it doesn't do
anything it just keeps spinning so the
trick is you want to
pull the string aside with your thumb
like that okay so I pulled it aside like
that and then you want
to do it like this and then once you get
a quite a ways around you can just let
go and it won't affect the throw at
all and you're good to go go so I'll
show a first person view of that as well
first person view on how to wind the
yoyo because if you just wind it like
that the bearing will just continue to
spin and you'll get nowhere so you want
to take your non-throw hand not the hand
that it's attached to your opposite hand
pull the string
aside just wind it up like that after
about four or five times you can let go
with your non-throw hand and then you
want the string coming off the top not
the bottom if there's a little Loop like
that it won't matter it's not going to
affect the throw and you are from there
ready to
play okay I hope you guys like the video
stay tuned we're going to have more
beginner videos uh things like how to
bind how to throw the yo-yo properly so
I'm Dylan Kowalski from Magic yo-yo and
I just want to say thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you later
[Music]
[Music]