hi I'm Kip and I'm in marketing at the
Scots company today we're going to talk
about harvesting Rosemary so here in
this Garden we have a beautiful rosemary
plant it doesn't matter the size when
you're going to harvest your Rosemary
you just need to take as much as you
need for your recipe now someone who
likes a grill I love to use rosemary
when I'm marinating vegetables or you
can even take a clip and use it as a
skewer and put your meat right on it and
throw it directly on the grill if you
only need a little bit of Rosemary for
your recipe you just want to clip a
little bit don't worry about wear it is
on the stem because it will grow back so
we're going to take a little bit there
now for skewers you can want to take a
little bit longer Rosemary tends to get
a woody stem on it which makes great for
skewers so I'm going to take a long one
here so I can take this for my
skewer now Rosemary will grow pretty
much all seasoned so continue to water
and feed it and it will keep giving back
and you'll keep having more Rosemary you
can use in your recipes now when you
want to use this for a skewer you want
to just trim off a little bit
and basically you can just take the meat
or vegetables and put them right on
there and you throw this right on the
grill and that awesome flavor will come
through and will flavor your vegetables
or your meat and you're going to
definitely satisfy your guest who come
over for your barbecue thank you for
watching if you have any questions or
comments about harvesting Rosemary
please leave them below or you can visit
us at scotts.com for lots of gardening
gardening questions especially on herbs
and vegetables I'm Kip and I am Scott's
Miracle girl