what's up everybody welcome back to my
laboratory where safety is number one
priority let's get to it
get out of my video Steve right let's
get it
so it's winter there's a lot of snow or
rain you know what I mean and you got
shoes like that and if it's a nor snow
and your shoes will get soaked really
easily so I'm gonna show you how to make
your shoes water resistant with the
candle
all we need is a candle opening there's
a candle and hair block and here dry
blow whatever you call it okay let's get
to it
all right we're going to grab this shoe
and start rubbing their candle on a shoe
on that material
all right guys check it out this is how
it's gonna look as you see this one have
box on it this one doesn't so but you
see to get rid of all that wax we're
gonna blow the air dry and like he put
it on high heat and it's gonna disappear
let's check it out
do you see how facets disappear the
white stuff what happens it's melts
between every single hole in that and
you won't even see the box okay I'm
gonna let it cool off a little bit
because that now it's very very hot and
they just look a little bit darker but
almost the same so once I'm gonna put
the box on this one they all look I'm
gonna look alike
once it's cools off we're gonna test it
out pull some wood out the one I have
not put the wax and put some water the
one I put wax on it and we'll see if it
works or not first I'm going to pour
water on the one shoe that I have not
put wax on and let's see what happens as
you can see what our kind of stays in it
you see it's all wet now I got here how
about on the side
you see it's going inside and when I say
again keep going and going it got wet a
little and it's just gonna get soaked up
like you see right now I just soaked it
in and yep if I stick a hand the whole
shoe inside is soaked in and now I'm
gonna pull one out on this shoe where I
put the Box on I check it out you see it
just pulls pulls off maybe somewhere
where I missed
it's kind of sucks in but look it's all
waterproof you see what I just Runyan of
the shoe like crazy
you know what I mean pretty awesome I
actually put two glasses on this shoe
you see how water just signing off
so this shoe was half a glass and this
shoe was two glasses and look this one
is all wet and this one is completely
dry how awesome is that
and if you even put more marks because
idea I'm put too much you can put even
more work so it will be even more
water-resistant and of course it's not
waterproof its water-resistant and it's
actually helps a lot alright guys that's
pretty much it let me know what do you
think comments below I think this one is
very useful so if you think so too
thumbs up this video and share it all
over the internet with your friends and
especially if you're in survival
situation you want to keep your shoes
dry so put in some wax from a candle on
your shoes will help you keep them dry
and as always thank you for watching
subscribe to my second channel links in
the description and check out my
facebook Instagram and Twitter that in
the description as well alright see you
next time