today I'm going to show you an amazing
Christmas sauce that's creamy it's
lightly spiced it's got all the flavors
of Christmas it's absolutely wonderful
let's make some bread sauce on the one
pot
Chef to make our bread sauce I've got a
saucepan with one medium brown onion
which I've just peeled and cut into
quarters to that I'm going to add in 3
cups of milk two dried bay leaves
and half a teaspoon of mixed spice now
mixed spice is a combination of
coriander Ginger nutmeg cloves really
really beautiful flavors they're sort of
those traditional Christmas spices and
over a medium to high heat we're just
going to bring this to the boil that
milk mixture is now boiling so all we
need to do is take it off the heat
completely put the lid on and allow the
flavors to infuse for about half an hour
half an hour later and wow smell yum so
we're going to do is we're just going to
remove the bay leaves and the onions cuz
we've sucked all the flavor out of them
so we don't need them anymore we can
just discard those into our milk mixture
we're going to add our bread it's 1 and
1/4 cups of breadcrumbs fresh bread
crumbs that is about probably about four
or five slices of sandwich bread which
I've just blitzed up in the blender I'm
going to season with a little bit of
salt and some
pepper and stir that together
and over a medium heat we're going to
bring this to the boil again I brought
this to the boil so I'm adding in about
30 G of butter just a small amount just
going to stir that through and allow the
sauce to simmer for about 4 to 5 minutes
and our sauce is just starting to
thicken up absolutely gorgeous so we can
turn off the heat and we're ready to put
this into a gravy boat or a little
server and here is our completed bread
sauce and it will thicken up as it cools
but if you serve it hot you can serve it
like a gravy once it's cooled it'll
thicken up and you can serve it like a
side condiment like mustard or
applesauce or something similar and this
is absolutely amazing I have to have a
taste
yum it's so creamy and smooth and you
got those beautiful light spices to it
from the mix Spicer you've got that sort
of nutmeggy clovey flavor and you've got
the onion absolutely gorgeous this this
is Christmas well I hope you enjoyed
this recipe check out my other videos at
onepot chef show.com and until next time
see you
later and to that I'm going to add in
some stuff what am I
adding I'm doing well