hey everybody April here welcome back
for another video this video is going to
be another furniture makeover I know you
guys have been waiting for a long time
so this is for another client of mine
this is going to go into her son's
nursery and I'm gonna change this into
an updated modern piece for her nursery
so as always of course we're going to
start off by removing the drawers and
all of the old hardware in here I am
taking my citrus stripper and I'm
applying it to my drawers and I'm going
to apply that on evenly with a
paintbrush and what the stripper does is
it allows you to remove any stains any
paint any top coats anything that may be
on your furniture piece and it strips it
and allows you to get down to the bare
wood so once I'm done applying I'm just
going to take my putty knife and begin
to scrape any finishes that may be on my
drawers I'm just gonna add a little bit
more stripper take my putty knife and
continue to scrape and you can see the
stain easily lifting from the dresser
alright so now I'm going to take some
lacquer thinner and I'm going to apply
that to the drawers also so what the
lacquer thinner is going to do is the
activate the stripper and stop it from
continuing to strip my furniture piece
so here I'm gonna take a sander d
Glosser and I'm going to D gloss the
body of the dresser
now I didn't feel the need to sand the
dresser with an actual sander because
the dresser didn't have too many dents
and dings in it so I felt that a
degausser would be sufficient enough so
I'm just wanting to apply that with a
microfiber towel and it's going to get
me ready to prime and paint the body of
the dresser but I did actually go in and
use a sander for my drawers and I
believe I used 120 sanding paper all
right so now I'm going in with a 220
grit sanding block just to make the
drawers nice and smooth and a nice even
finish all right so here I'm going to
take some blue painters tape and I'm
applying the tape to the drawer stops
and the drawer slides and I applied the
tape so that when I'm painting and
priming I don't have any product get
onto my drawer slides and it doesn't
prevent my drawers from sliding out
easily all right so now I'm just taking
a tack cloth and I'm just going to wipe
down the body of the dresser just to
remove any of the sand or dust particles
that may be left behind from sanding
all right so here I am priming the body
of the dresser and the primer that I use
is by Zinser alright so while my primer
dries I'm gonna go in and begin to pre
stain my drawers now this step is
definitely optional you do not have to
do this I like to go ahead and pre stain
because I just like the overall look
that it gives with pre staining versus
not pre staining but that's your choice
you can pre stain or choose not to
pre-stain is definitely up to you so now
I'm gonna go in and begin staining my
drawers and the same that I'm using is
by general finishes and the color is
Java and I think I told you guys before
I absolutely love this color is so rich
and chocolate looking it's so pretty but
like I said previously this stain is
definitely hard to work with because it
dries so fast and it's really thick so
you really have to work fast with this
stain
and then once you're done applying this
thing then you want to take a new cloth
and wipe off the excess
all right and I'm just continuing to
sing the rest of my drawers make sure
that I get into all the corners and
crevices and then I wipe off the excess
all right so here I am applying my paint
and I'm applying white paint clearly
obviously which is why you guys can't
see a difference but it's definitely a
difference in person and the white paint
that I did use was by Bayer and I used a
high-gloss finish all right so here I'm
just going to add my new hardware and I
got my hardware from my favorite store
Home Depot all right so here's the
drawer nice and shiny and rich looking
alright so now I'm just adding in my
drawers
and just to give you a reminder here's
what the dresser looked like before and
here it is after I love it my client
loves it so all I did was D gloss the
body of the dresser stripped the drawers
primed and painted the body of the
dresser applied my stain to my drawers
added new hardware and these are the
results a nice modern two-tone dresser
and I love it my client loves it it's
one of my favorite pieces that I've done
so far so if you enjoyed this video
please give it a thumbs up and share
with anyone that may find it helpful and
I will see you all in my next video
thanks for watching bye