[Music]
when you think of sewing on a button
usually you think of a hand sewing
needle and something that's kind of slow
takes a little bit of time but did you
know that you can actually use a sewing
machine to attach buttons so this button
right here was attached using the singer
1234 so we're going to go over how to do
that really quickly and easily on your
machine so I have a replica of my tote
bag fabric here and I'm going to attach
a button right in the middle of it so
the first thing we need to do is find
our darning plate the darning plate is a
little transparent gray piece that came
with your machine and the reason that
we're going to use the darning plate is
to cover up the feed dogs or the feed
teeth so what the feed dogs do is
actually pull the fabric through the
machine as you're sewing and you don't
want to do that when you're sewing on a
button you want the fabric to stay
stationary so we're going to cover up
those teeth so that they don't grab onto
the fabric and try to move it as we're
sewing so you want to look at the
darning plate and find the narrow end
that's the end that's going to go on the
top and on the back of the darning plate
there are two little prongs and those
prongs are going to snap into the needle
plate which is the metal part of the
machine and it's going to hold the
darning plate stable so just to give
ourselves a little bit of room we're
going to take off the regular presser
foot so that just pops right off if we
pull it towards
us and then we're going to take the
darning plate and we're going to line it
up with those little holes and just snap
it into place and it's really important
that the hole of the darning plate lines
up with the hole of the needle plate so
you should look through it and be able
to see down into your machine now we're
going to hold the upper thread as if
we're threading and we're going to hand
crank the wheel towards us for one full
Stitch to bring that bobbin thread up
through the darning plate and that's
also a good opportunity just to double
check and make sure that the darning
plate is on the right direction so that
the needle is not going to hit
it now that that is all set we're going
to put our presser foot back on so we're
just going to pop that right back
on and now we're going to set up our
Fabric and our button under the presser
foot so we're going to grab our fabric
slide it right under to the point where
you want to attach the button and then
the button is going to go right under
the presser foot and you want to
position it so that you see the holes of
the button right in the little window of
the presser foot and we need to set our
machine for a zigzag Stitch and which
zigzag Stitch you pick will depend on
the width of the holes in the button so
you want to pick a stitch that's going
to line up with both of the holes as it
sews back and forth and it's really
important that you test this by hand
cranking the um wheel the hand wheel
always towards you and just make sure
that that needle is not going to hit
either side of the button that it clears
both of the holes so once you check that
you can go ahead and use the pedal to
sew about 10 or so stitches to attach
the
button we'll finish our Stitch lift our
presser foot
and pull our button out so at this point
you can use a hand sewing needle and
take both top threads and just thread
them down to the back of the fabric and
tie them in a knot and your button all
finished super easy so now that you know
how to sew on a button there's lots of
different ways you can do
it you can play around with different
width of button so here's a wide one a
medium one and a narrow one so these are
all different zigzag stitches that you
would choose because of the distance of
the holes um here's a narrow one but
with large holes if you have a four hold
button you can either do two stitches
that are um horizontal like this or you
could do an X across them and you can
even get kind of creative and come up
with your own designs so there's lotss
of possibilities and they're all super
easy