hey guys welcome back to my channel so
in today's video I'm going to show you
guys how I wanna make my lollipops and
they're a good size but they're the size
of my palm so they're pretty big you can
make these as big or as little as you
want to so these are just a few that I
made so what you're gonna need in this
video a skewer lollipop stick or a cake
pop stick whichever one you prefer now I
use the skewers because they are a
little bit longer but they do get heavy
like the longer it is they do get heavy
so it tends to bend a little bit I
haven't had any snap on me but so first
I'm gonna show you guys how I make my
twist lollipops alright guys so you will
need some polymer clay any color that
you want to use you can I'm gonna be
using a pearl teal color purple color
and also a dusty rose color and a white
need this for a little while just until
it becomes soft so this is what we call
making a cane so first you're gonna make
a cane they're not really difficult I
know they look kind of difficult and
you're like how the heck did you make
that well it's pretty easy alright so
you want to make it about the same but
you want to make these smaller and take
some of our white make about three
smaller ones to go in between each of
these alright so with our white piece of
clay we're gonna take our colors and
we're just gonna start placing those on
[Music]
what you want to do is you want to mash
these together mash those mash it on
down
[Music]
[Music]
just because those two are getting kind
of close together and it might cover up
that white I'm gonna put a piece of
white right here just to make sure it
doesn't cover up the white but I'm gonna
put a little piece right here that way
these won't cover up the white either
[Music]
[Music]
kind of thin it's not too thin but it's
getting kind of thin so you're just
gonna turn it you're just gonna turn it
you're just gonna start spinning it make
sure you're very light which and he
asked cuz you don't want to mess it up
so you're just gonna turn it turn it
alright guys so once you have that
you're gonna sit it out the way and what
I'm gonna do next is I'm gonna make
another one and this one's going to be
teal and white
[Music]
[Applause]
alright guys for my lollipop twist I
like to use a skewer so I just take the
skewer and I just wrap the cane around
the skewer just wrap around it's really
easy self-explanatory you guys can see
it so you pretty much get it
[Music]
and what you're gonna do now is place
both of them on a baking sheets I put a
little foil down and then I put it in my
toaster oven and I bake my super slow
but I want you guys to read the
directions on the back of your package
so that you can do it correctly next up
we have our lollipops so I'm going to
show you guys how to make this really
quickly
[Music]
[Music]
dead of rolling this around a stick
we're just gonna roll this on itself as
he you come up with a big spiral circle
that looks like a pinwheel then you're
just gonna stick a lollipop stick in
there I get in the oven Inger done now I
did add some extra glitter for this
because I wanted it to be sparkly so
that's optional you can do that if you
want to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so after its baked and it's been cool
for a while I'm just gonna take some of
my triple thick gloss that I got from
Hobby Lobby and I'm gonna glaze this up
real nice now this is optional it looks
beautiful the way it is but you can opt
to make it a little more shine here so
do this if you want to if you want to
keep it matte looking it's beautiful
both ways thank you so much for watching
don't forget to follow me on Instagram
my name is crafty Babylon subscribe to
my channel and give me a thumbs up and
I'll see you in the next video peace
[Music]