[Music]
in the workplace
there are many materials one comes in
contact with that are classified as
hazardous meaning they are dangerous and
sometimes can even be fatal it is
important to identify these materials
and know their properties and risks
batteries such as the kind you'll find
in a forklift truck power generation
station or automobile contains sulfuric
acid a hazardous material since all
batteries have the potential to leak or
spill acid it is important to know what
to do in case of an acid spill this
video will demonstrate how to properly
clean up a battery acid spill in the
workplace only trained personnel should
attempt to clean up a battery acid spill
the first step in proper cleanup of a
battery acid spill happens before the
spill even takes place identify the
hazardous materials in the workplace and
the areas where a spill is most likely
to occur
second place caution signs and make
material safety data sheets available
third select employees to be trained as
your spill response team they will need
to be equipped with proper personal
protective equipment acid spill absorber
and neutralizer and cleanup tools quick
Cable offers a variety of acid spill
cleanup kits for different sized spills
once you have the team selected it is
very important that they are properly
trained to respond to an acid spill
lastly all employees that work in an
area that is at risk for an acid spill
should be trained on the potential
hazards and procedures that should be
followed in the event the spill actually
takes place all employees should know
who is on the spill response team so
that they can be notified promptly in
case of a spill an untrained employee
should never be allowed to clean up an
acid spill now that we've laid the
foundation for an effective spill
response it's time for the actual spill
cleanup procedure so what happens when a
spill is actually discovered let's walk
through the scenario it's 11:59 Gorge
has just finished moving his last load
before lunch as he heads to the
cafeteria he notices one of the
batteries is leaking causing acid to
spill onto the plant
for step one the person discovering the
spill alerts a member of the spill
response team George is new to the
company so he isn't part of the spill
response team yet but he knows who is he
immediately notifies Jim who is captain
of the spill response team Jim in turn
notifies the other members of the spill
response team to get ready for a spill
cleanup step two the spill response team
puts on personal protective equipment
battery acid otherwise known as sulfuric
acid or electrolyte is highly corrosive
and will eat through most clothing and
burn the skin wearing personal
protective equipment will provide
adequate protection during the acid
spill cleanup and keep you in compliance
with OSHA code of federal regulation
quick cable personal protective wear
kits include vinyl apron shoe covers
splash proof goggles face shield nitrile
gloves and an emergency eyewash bottle
step 3 the spill response team
identifies the specific material that is
spilled it's very important that the
spilled material be correctly identified
because the use of the wrong spill
cleanup material can cause a chemical
reaction much more dangerous than the
actual spill itself analyze the
surroundings around the spill and look
for other factors that could have caused
a liquid to appear in the spill area it
is better to allow a spill to stay on
the floor than to misidentify the
spilled material and begin throwing
chemicals or absorbers on it that can
cause an adverse reaction in this case
Jim shows the other team members where
the spill occurred and based on the
location of the liquid and the absence
of any other sources of liquid it is
clear that it's a battery acid spill
step 4
after the spilled material has been
identified begin the containment process
Jim and the rest of the team opened the
quick cable battery acid spill kit and
start to form a dam around the spilled
material using quick cables acid spill
absorber and neutralizer it's important
to note that quick cables acid spill
absorber and neutralizer not only
absorbs the battery acid
but neutralizes it as well it is the
only absorber on the market with color
changing properties to indicate
when acid is present and when it is
neutralized and safe to clean up okay
back to the spill it's important to
contain the spill so it doesn't spread
to a larger surface area containment is
the number-one priority when it comes to
battery acid spills even before removing
or repairing the damaged battery from
the spill site once the spill is
adequately contained Jim and the other
members of the team cover the spill with
acid spill absorber and neutralizer step
5
let acid spill absorber and neutralizer
sit for five minutes before Jim and the
team start sweeping up the spill it's
important that they allow the acid spill
absorber and neutralizer to neutralize
the battery acid add more if it appears
the spill isn't becoming neutralized you
will know the spill is neutralized by
the absorbers color changing properties
a reddish color indicates the presence
of acid when the reddish color turns to
a consistent yellowish color
it means the acid is neutralized and
ready to be cleaned up keep in mind that
no other absorber has the color changing
properties as found in quick cables acid
spill absorber and neutralizer step 6
remove damaged battery from spill
location the method by which you remove
the damaged battery from the spill area
is dependent on the size of the battery
involved if it's a smaller SLI battery
that's leaking manual removal is
recommended using a battery carrier
carefully lift battery from spill area
to a spill containment pallet or
carefully place in a polyethylene Bay
the spill containment pallet will allow
the damaged battery to drain safely
while clearing the spill area for
cleaning if a larger motivepower battery
is leaking you will need to lift it
using either a hoist battery carrier or
forklift place damaged battery on spill
containment pallet and set aside for
repair or proper disposal
step 7 sweep up the absorber and dispose
of properly
when the battery acid has been
neutralized using the acid spill
absorber and neutralizer the waste
material is now considered non hazardous
and can be disposed of according to your
state and local municipalities
regulations
finally replace the absorbent and
neutralizing materials that were used
and decontaminate the personal
protective equipment with a neutralizing
wash cleaner or if necessary replace
with a new personal protective wear kit
cleaning up a battery acid spill can be
hazardous but following the correct
procedures is a formula for a safe and
effective cleanup for more videos on
battery care chemicals visit quick couch
Oh calm
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you