hey foodies it's crystal welcome back to
my gadget kitchen oMG I haven't done a
video in over 2 weeks did you guys miss
me
I surely missed you I was on a Christmas
break one on a Disney cruise with my
family and I had a ball but now it's
back to business and I'm gonna show you
how to make a slow-cooker red beans and
rice and I'll be using my crock pot I
stir slow cooker first things first I
started with a pound of kidney beans
that I let soak overnight for night
seasonings I'm using this mom for Paul's
red beans seasoning mix now this is
something that had to order online it's
from New Orleans and it's really good
I'll have a link in the description box
I will also provide seasonings that you
can use that you have at home already in
your cabinet if you don't want to order
this I'll be using some beef kielbasa
and some andouille sausage along with
some celery onion bell pepper and garlic
first I sliced up my sausage and then I
diced up my veggies so I started with a
pre heated pot and I added some
vegetable oil and now I'm going to brown
up the sausage
once I get a little color on the sausage
I'm going to add the onion celery and
bell pepper now you can totally skip
this cooking step and just dump
everything in the slow cooker but the
flavor is so much better if you do this
step first so once I started cooking the
veggies i seasoned everything with some
kosher salt and freshly ground black
pepper and after a few minutes I went
ahead and added the garlic so now it's
time to add the rinsed beans to the slow
cooker along with seasoning once that
was all mixed in I added in my sausage
and veggies next I added some smoked ham
hock and a few bay leaves finally I am
pouring in 32 ounces of chicken stock
[Music]
I noticed that the beans weren't quite
covered all the way so I added in a
little bit of water just so all the
beans would be completely covered so
let's close it up and get cookin now is
super excited to use this crock pot
because it stirs your food
automatically and I was ready to show
you guys how awesome it is but then I
remembered I had a big ham hock sitting
in the middle of the pot so I couldn't
used the stir paddles so next time guys
anyways set your cooker and while it's
cooking go ahead and make your rice
I made some jasmine rice in my instant
pot meeting and I made some cornbread
muffins in my Breville Smart Oven err
yummy so fast-forward seven and half
hours it's time to go ahead and finish
up the beans I've got one can of drained
and rinsed kidney beans and I am also
going to be using my braun immersion
blender so what I'm going to be doing is
I have the canned beans and then I have
the liquid from my cooked beans and I'm
blending that together to get this nice
creamy smooth yumminess so this
yumminess is going to be poured into my
slow cooker and what it's going to do is
is going to thicken up the juices and
it's also gonna give a nice creamy
consistency to the beans now normally I
use the beans from the pot but I was
kind of like shortchanging myself on the
beans that my family actually got to eat
so I got this nifty idea to actually use
the canned beans and it worked great so
after it sits for a little bit Oh
thicken up and it's delicious you serve
it over some hot buttered rice and
you're good to go
I do hope you guys give this a try and
if you liked it please give me a thumbs
up as always thanks so much for watching
be sure to like share and subscribe and
remember get out of that drive-through
and get into the kitchen bye