hi everybody welcome to karma
Catherine's Rives so today we're gonna
go over some basics that I learned for
my husband so if you go into man's like
garage or something and you ask for a
rotary cutter this is what they give you
it's a skill power cutter and it's it's
rechargeable it's got a little thing
right here so it protects you from
getting cut it's really easy to use and
we've been using it for the last three
or four tutorials on my max when we cut
them down to size and I showed you I
believe on the Scarecrow one we cut it
down and so we're going to do that and
then I'm going to show you how to cut
your match so of course you're gonna
want to take this off this is a Dollar
Tree you can get it and all you're gonna
do and I showed you on my Maya I believe
it was on a box I used but are you gonna
do is you hold the bottom down and the
button at the same time so nice cuts
then what I did and if you'll watch this
you saw what I did on my last but I'm
gonna go ahead and cut this off and
start yelling laughs I'm sorry I just
rather finish what I started that's just
me so I'm just gonna put your fabric
right at the tip
[Applause]
so this is then what we were using is a
hole puncher like for pencils and you're
just gonna stick it in there and pop
look at that and then what you all you
need is your zip ties and you can apply
this to the back of all your reefs it's
a real neat cool little trick don't do
the hole punch or one more time watch me
not get it this time make sure that you
get the stuff out so and you can get the
hole punchers there we go you can get
them from the Dollar Tree see nice neat
little trick you can put your no more
sticking your scissors in or knives and
to put your little holes in there to put
your zip ties to attach to the back of
your race these you can get at the
dollar tree you can this I it goes up
like on I've seen it from 18 to 20
inches you can use one of these and then
I cut down as we use them for the
smaller ones that is a neat little trick
thank you happy so our next one we show
you we have a whole bunch of different
things we show you take your phone you
can use your phone same exact thing draw
your circle around if you so you know
where you want to draw it to cover your
back you're gonna hold this the two
buttons at the same time now
look at that nice and easy
haebang hole puncher and you can fly it
on the back of your Reeves this is
really fun by the way so Belt haven't
tried it felt yet let's see if we can do
it on the phone this is pretty sharp and
by the way it sharpens itself so as you
are done with it please clean it use
your little paintbrush clean one nice
and dry and wipe off all the little dust
particles and stuff on it to keep it
clean you can use this I'm just about
anything we're just adding a lot of
tools to class that's all so again
basically you're feeding it wow I have a
hard time using scissors that just did I
feel like I'm on a commercial so we cut
that let's show you before we get to our
mesh same thing with your plastic canvas
so I use a lot of the plastic key on
this in the Centers you can take your
marker mark it where you want to cut it
take your rotary cutter electric saw or
skill hook our skilled men call it
rotary and you just
easy easy easy so don't force it through
it goes on its own okay so with this you
do want to mark it before you cut it so
I've already showed everybody five weeks
ago that I use the stapler for our lot
of my phone back so guess what we don't
need to worry about wearing this little
mask when we use our a little toy here
because it doesn't burn and there's no
smells so you save a couple dollars on
this so what I'm going to do is I have
ten pieces out here ten rolls of mesh
now you can cut it again you want it to
stay steady as you cut
I put the rocks on it just like I would
do with anything else and I'm going to
cut it from one to ten not just sure
does look smaller than what it should be
or is that just me that's just me so um
someone had mentioned to me and you know
who you are that to get a shelf liner to
keep it underneath so it's not moving
around your stuff but if you're gonna
use this you kind of wanted a little
slip to move this in and out little
gadget see again you're gonna hold the
bottom and the side
oh my gosh look at how pretty that is
not one piece is frayed you might get a
little strength but that's it
not one frayed piece all ten pieces one
two three four five six seven eight nine
and ten
awesome I'm gonna do it one more time
this is a really short tutorial one more
time if you do not feel comfortable to
do all ten or you don't have the
workspace I don't have a lot of
workspace but I'm gonna tell you I
usually pad for a piece of the mesh with
my wood burner this makes it a lot
easier
I don't smell it there's no smoke and I
was just shocked so when your hood hobby
tells you honey
I got an idea listen to them because I
was fighting it no I'm loving it so now
I'm like okay do you have anything for
this so of course you're gonna have
little pieces you're gonna want and
again like I said make sure you clean
this plate so again now I only I prefer
to do four cuts I'm just showing you
this is ten I did 15 at one time too I
just do not have room for it again side
and bottom
[Applause]
ten pieces no free you may get a little
piece that's okay
so I can cut ten pieces
there's no fray on it so to keep it once
you're done with this doesn't mean that
as you're moving your fabric around and
putting it on your reform that is not
going to get frayed because friction
makes fray we all know that as we're
done you still want to spray this it's
just it prevents you do the cutting with
this and then you do your preventative
measures and you spray it with your
acrylic spray and your adhesive so I'm
going to show you so I like it that was
ten you can do this actually a lot
faster when you have less fabric so I am
doing my moon flower next so I like to
do the four pieces before you can do two
if you have a big workstation you can do
10 pieces I did up to 15 and it was
quite snug in here because I don't have
a lot of room when I am can't get rich
and afford to get my own studio I would
like to have a bigger workspace but I'm
unhappy with what I got so again you do
want to make sure that this is seated
nice and tight and we are going to go
through this again so you can see so
again down into the side
[Music]
do you want to put something on the
floor underneath everything always
leaves you know little particles and
stuff very very pretty so the tighter
you have the fabric and the more
sturdier you have it the better
all I'm doing is showing you guys how to
use a manly tool the patch of mesh and
like I said I'm using this mesh in our
next tutorial
so this is helping me cut everything for
it so I also will be showing everyone
how to make your own reef wire frames
with wire hangers as well okay sit down
[Music]
for pieces no fray how about that
awesome okay so I showed you a little
bit of everything now this is
rechargeable batteries in here so it
comes with a plug to plug in the back
and recharge it you do get a little
light when it's getting low so it'll
show you that when it's low again its
cleans itself it's self-cleaning and the
only thing that's like I said I would
suggest even though the it's self
sharpening let me rephrase that it
sharpens itself but you have to clean it
sorry about that
you still you want to get in there and
dust off all of the particles from your
fabric so it works on everything even
burlap even ribbon everything you even
do with this now if you're gonna use the
burlap everybody knows that some burlap
the fibers hurt your lungs so wear your
mask if you use the perb up
this was my little short tutorial today
having a lot of fun learning stuff we
will be doing wire hangers not the next
one the next one I'm doing my moon
flower and then I'll be doing the wire
hangers that I'm going to make something
really cool oddities you guys are gonna
love it so thank you for watching happy
crafting have a blessed day everybody
please like share subscribe remember
when I hit that 1000 subscriber you can
we're doing a drawing Mike's grandson's
gonna draw your name out and that lucky
winner will get a reef of their choice
not only will you get the reef I will
pay for the shipping so it's completely
100% free I am not charging for
tutorials this is completely free so
please like share subscribe and I'll see
you later
you