now we're ready to pour it into our mold
usually when I cooked my rice cakes I
use this mini muffin mould for the
purpose of this video I am using a
silicon muffin mould but these are
larger so this is the standard muffin
size and this one is half the size or
the standard one now this twelve muffin
mould can't fit in my steamer so what
I've done is I've cut them in half so
that way when I take my steamer that
will fit in nicely and on the edges here
I'll put my mini muffin bowl so now I'm
ready to pour my batter into my mold
I'll just pour this into my jar
alright 3/4 we have to allow the rice
cake to rice I'm holding a teaspoon so
just in case I poured too much then I
can take it out but no need to do that
and in fact I need a little bit more in
here
after pouring that I'll put some aniseed
so that's what the aniseed looks like
they're not the star anis it's the small
grains of a deceit and I'll put about
half a dozen just sprinkle it on top
that just gives it a nice flavor and a
bit less than two small ones of course
and now I'll pop this into my steamer
and I'll do the other one and I'll take
the lead on on this one
these are the one I put my standard
mini-muffins I've only put half of
aniseeds on half of my mini-muffin see
the other half I'll put some cheese so
I'll just put it on top so I'll do a
couple so we'll do a crisscross so they
just cheddar cheese that I cut in little
strips
the toothpicks on our plane so we turn
this off now pull down in the beige
shadow take it off
leftover batter since it's been sitting
there for a while I'll just stir this up
a little bit and I'll take my steamer
again so this is the one that we were
ready to take it now I won't wash it
anymore I just pour my next batter onto
that to get into steamer my rice cake is
all cooled down now so what I'm going to
do is put in the container we can't eat
all of this so I'll put it in the
freezer
let's pop this in the freezer
what I have before me are three
different settings of the rice cake this
one sitting on room temperature and just
to show you that it's still nice and
soft you can have your ice cake sitting
on room temperature for a couple of days
and it will stay nice and soft and
bouncy now this one has been sitting in
the fridge and if you can see there's
quite a little bit's bouncy but not as
much see compared to the other one this
one is much softer than that one if you
break that in half you can see it's sort
of starts to get a little bit crumbly
but it's still soft but not us some
goodness the fresh one of course that's
sitting in the room temperature and this
one here I just popped this out of the
freezer now this is going to be
rock-hard
so this is the cheese one there you go
so it's still all frozen and what I do
when you take it out of the freezer to
refresh it you can have one or two or
three it depends up to you but normally
I have say about three pieces and I will
reheat this in the microwave and
reheating it and we'll just pop this in
the microwave and set it on defrost on
four minutes
and we'll take it out of the microwave
and it's warm but it's not really hot so
and now it's just nice and soft and so
you probably see a little bit of tiny
bit of steam coming but it's not really
that hard and so now it's refresh hmm
freshness of Daisy