[Music]
[Music]
how to get rid of mold in plant soil
mold can grow abundantly on the top of
plant soil a common cause of mold growth
is over watering insufficient air flow
and high humidity also aid in a
production of mold which poses a danger
to plants and humans so use caution when
attempting to remove it wear protective
gloves in a dusk mask to prevent contact
with a mold to eliminate these dangerous
spores from your plants soil follow
specific methods that remove and kill
the offending fungus things you will
need drainage pot protective gloves
potting soil spray bottle apple cider
vinegar water step 1 take your pot of
soil outdoors while wearing protective
gloves remove the top one-inch layer of
soil step 2
transfer the soil to a different pot or
planter make sure it has adequate
drainage holes in the bottom step 3
replace the removed top layer of soil
with fresh potting soil step 4
mix a solution of three tablespoons of
apple cider vinegar and one gallon of
water fill a spray bottle with the
solution step 5
[Music]
spray the top layer of soil with the
vinegar solution one day before watering
this will help to eliminate any
remaining mould spores and prevent
future growth
you