hello everyone this is Gaussian machi
known for my paper crafters coded UK and
welcome to my channel
yesterday I show you how to stand on the
wooden box and today I would like to
show you how to impose on a wooden box
there is that from yesterday I use their
blooms and wishes stamp set from Stampin
Up and there is a boxes which you can
use they are very very cheap so today I
will use this one and I use also the
piece this Christmas stamp set and I'm
gonna use Versamark and gold embossing
powder I am taking a busing butter stick
to take at the anti-static from the
wooden box I don't know if wooden box
get get a static bath just in case so I
mount by our sentiment on the Block D
and the using Versamark stamp on the
front of the Box on the top of the box
and I put gold embossing powder and you
can see how beautiful as is common that
sentiment I think a little bit access
using brush and I'm gonna take my tool
heat and the heat up the sentiment and
that is just common gorgeous there is
the snowflakes from the same sentiment
and I'm gonna stamp as well on the top
of the box and I'm just lost
I put a few and I don't know where I did
it so I just put the embossing powder
and a stamp again so I can't see where I
used to stamp so I can put the more
snowflakes and I put again the gold
embossing powder using brush I'm gonna
just brush out some embossing which I
don't me that and heat up using odd heat
tool and I'm gonna stamp on all four
sides of the of the wooden box
so if you need anything from something
up if you like the stamp set or you just
want a bossing powder or whatever you
like just proof just from Stampin Up
please go to my blog on the www mi paper
craft coded UK and press the bottom on
the top shop now and there you also have
a section which say free gift that you
can find a hostess code which on the end
when you check check out you just put
the hostess in hostess got in and you
will get a free gift on the order over
twenty five pound plus plus postage the
postage is five pounds so I actually put
on my blog on the order on the 30 pound
including our postage so there is the
last site of my box and I'm gonna using
the heat tool to heat up and that is
ready you can leave the box as it is
it's beautiful gold and shy or you can
do what I did I just took the tempting
to arise stamping part and I took some
sponge and I'm gonna add a color to my
box to sponge all around the box it's
very very easy to do it don't have to be
perfect as this is food and wood is not
perfect so that is ready and I take some
tissue wipe the access of the ink from
the embossing and that is my box ready I
just love it love it love it it's so
beautiful so there on the front I show
you the here as is like some from the
wood that was just the Box hammered on
the beginning I should
there's no flakes on the top part I just
didn't think it so inside I take a
tissue and I take three Yankee Candles
some branches of a Christmas tree and
there is my gift ready
so I've hope you've got some inspiration
and thank you very much for watching me
and have a great time bye