hi and having a bit of a you Rika moment
with the whole lemongrass thing this
summer and the fries in Auckland's is so
bloody hot right now see there can you
see it going you can see the cool steam
coming out and that's my diffuser on
intermittent mode currently this init
lemongrass cucumber and lime and there
is not one fly in the house they have
gone there was about three you're not
huge about what three circle around
doing my head in
I've been having good success with the
coconut on lemongrass counter spray this
baby they've actually gone
they're not just bugging me around the
kitchen so can't recommend the diffuser
highly enough especially with this in
haven't tried it at night for mosquitoes
yet but I reckon that work or with a bit
of citronella in as well but yeah if you
want to know more information about the
diffusers drop me a line fabulous