alright guys we are gonna make some fur
so we got some beef steaks and then the
bone and then some veggies where we got
lime you got cilantro green onions
celery let's get started
alright so we got a big pot of water
right there we're gonna put our beef
bone in there alright
did you get scared so let's put a beef
bone in there right in there guys get it
some flavor alright alright so now we're
gonna add just a little bit of that -
yes alright we're gonna put a few scoops
guys of this beef flavor don't mind this
let's get some of this and scoops - slaw
[Applause]
what I'm gonna do is I'm cutting up the
celery we are gonna save we're gonna
watch there watch this and we are gonna
save just the small little soft celery
part but we'll save that for later
like to just throw them in here
oh here very honest put it in and this
will that little soft stuff you guys we
are gonna use this let's put this over
here alright now we are gonna these
green onions will cut that bottom part
up and then we'll do the same thing as a
celery the topping you guys will follow
follow once it's done
whoops now let's just put this right
here
wait okay now we are gonna cut up the
cilantro another topping put this right
on here now
now we got some wine we're gonna cut
them up also this will be ingredients as
well alright guys now we are gonna cut
up the steak into small little pieces
this will go into the dish as well so
what we'll have is beef and some seafood
as well seafood meatballs I'm gonna keep
cutting this up some people like it
thick pieces Jerry for this me
all right get this finish this up all
right now we're gonna put the meat there
hi guys now we got meatballs so let me
get here is we got the fish meatballs
[Music]
now we'll just cut it in halves
these taste good guys well do these in
two halves as well guys for the beef
meatballs they don't get cooked all of
this will get cooked alright so guys
there's the ingredients these all will
be put on after the broth is done all
right so while the prop is still going
cooking we've got this rice noodles and
we're gonna soak this in hot water so it
softens it alright so let's take a feel
of these noodles out as you can see
they're hard right now
but once you get on the hot water they
will expand and they will get softer
it's plenty let's get some water in
there all right let's get some hot water
in this guy's let it soak no I'm all for
like half an hour so it's not even until
they get soft okay so we got the water
in or push that down a little bit guys
so get soaked in the water alright next
guys I'm gonna put this another instant
beef flavor paste into the broth give it
even more beef flavor so we'll put that
in there it will Brown the broth do its
thing
it's add a little bit of salt on to this
just a little bit
and some fish sauce let's add some of
that hmm only you guys can smell that it
is smelling good starting that around
little see we get the broth as flavorful
as we can but when it's all said and
done in the end when we have the noodles
and stuff in the bowl we season it even
some more yes it's been about five
minutes or so it's starting to get soft
as you can see the rice noodles they're
not as hard as they used to be all right
I forgot to mention guys bean sprouts
don't forget bean sprouts all right so
this noodle is soft enough guys we are
gonna dump out the water get rid of all
the all right so we got the water
out off the noodles
all right so you got to grab a big bowl
guys cuz can't eat with the small bowl
and what we're going to do now is
actually soak the noodles in the pot mix
it around get it so it's nice and soft
not too soft alright it's done put it in
the bowl now what do we want to do is
let's grab our meat some of the
meatballs and some fish meatballs guys
fish meatballs the best so let's do that
and then what we'll do is we're gonna
hook up in the pot get that cooked
we'll leave it in there for a little bit
guys pour that in let's add the broth
guys too
we want to add it so it flows over the
noodles because it will soak up the
water guys the noodles will and now I'm
gonna add some of this celery green
onions cilantro and some ice will
squeeze quarter of a lime nice that's
great
what is this bean sprouts let's put some
bean sprouts on look at that guy it's
overflowing
all right a little bit more fish sauce
guys to finish it off some sriracha yeah
so there you have it