hey guys this is crazy country mama here
and today I'm going to show you how easy
it is to make cultured butter round it's
very simple and it's really a lot
cheaper than buying it because I have a
pint ear and a pint about our milk at
the store is about a dollar so it's
about you dollars a gallon and if we
keep making our own it brings the price
down to about two dollars a gallon so um
I just want to show you how to do it and
it is so easy that a five-year-old can
do it so I'm going to let my daughter
show you how easy it is sorry the camera
shaking um pretty why don't you go ahead
and and take the buttermilk there this
one right here this one right here this
is a time we handed with showing with
the camera cultured low-fat buttermilk
make sure it says cultured own estimate
and you're just going to take one cup of
this so this is a point so half of this
container so right now it's just pour it
all and there's only a cleft in there
and you can see it's thick buttermilk
and it smells yummy make sure we get it
all in there
okay now I'm putting pour fill it the
rest of the way up with regular milk and
you can use 2% milk or whole milk um the
best of course would be if you had your
own milk from your own cow or goat or
chief or whatever you milk that's enough
there you go okay now that's the hard
part now all we're going to do is we're
going to put a lid on it
let me grab one real quick sorry we're
going to put a lid on it
keep it the lid on and we're going to
set this in a nice warm place for 12 -
for 24 hours the only time I've ever had
to actually take 24 hours is when it was
a little bit of a cold night but usually
it takes about about 12 to 18 hours so
we're just going to set this here for a
while and we're going to come back
alright we're going to come back and
show you what it looks like whenever
it's ready then you actually forgot to
tell you give it just a little bit of
shake to get it going from the pit and
we'll come back and show you what it
looks like when it's finished
hey y'all is crazy country mama here and
I just wanted to show you how our
buttermilk turned out you can see it is
thick I'm going to pour some in this cup
so you can get a look at it as of course
you can tell it's not just nope anymore
it's nice and thick and it didn't just
sour you can tell that by the smell
which I know you can't smell it but it
smells delicious
it has a nice some buttermilk now smells
just like the stuff you buy in the store
and it's cultured it is the culture has
spread through all this milk now and so
now you can use it for baking and
cooking and if you'd like to drink
buttermilk you can drink it I like to
use it in butter dip biscuits
they are delicious they're by the
country cook and I'm going to leave a
link to that they are the easiest
biscuits that you'll ever make and they
are just yummy and delicious everybody
loves them and also buttermilk pancakes
this is really really good for
buttermilk pancakes and one thing I
really like about this is now that
you've got this you can use if you're
cooking and whenever it gets down to
about a cup left you can take this and
then fill it right back up with milk and
let it set out again and it's just going
to culture again you can do that I think
four or five times before it starts to
weaken and you might have to give fresh
starter but um and also if you make
cheese this is mesophilic starter so you
can use this to make cheese also if you
want to but I just wanted to share that
with you such a quick easy thing one
more thing you can be a little more
self-sufficient with and I hope it helps
you and y'all have a great day god bless