[Music]
are you running away for the water back
yeah
it's great keep at really low mushroom
sauce so I took a flick now what am if
they don't scream at all okay like ski
you have to dispatch him honestly I've
just put these straight in the pot and
they are they almost died instantly it
did don't touch the dispense them just
tell them it is eyes almost cooler to
dispatch them yeah we fit so feel guilty
oh wait a little bit yeah but that's
good it got to be down there gonna die
anyway thank you
and with a mushroom sauce as well and
garlic some potatoes and well show you
it presentation when you're finished
eyelook the [ __ ] - you notice oh look
at that changing color yep beautiful and
we dispatch them we have no sorry we
have to spatula readjust I mean cut them
up like 15 minutes
oh look at the color of that actually
you can't sir against the red clay just
matter amazing it what like to read it
without that is cooked beautifully
nice well huh