hi I'm al Pearson in at Pearson farm we
grow teachers in pecans but we also
shelled guitar and this is our Schilling
facility to where we bring the nuts that
we deposited and cleaned at the farm and
we bring them here and drag them and
jello and and sawdust and get them ready
for home for them VP which is where you
come in but this gelling facility begin
sealing process begins we soak the duct
for about an hour so we can solve of the
shell and soften the meat that's on the
inside a little bit because the cracking
process if you crack nuts that are too
dry it breaks them into a lot of small
pieces so we take them and soak them for
about an hour and then let the surface
waters right I'll follow and then we
bring them in and run through the crack
the cracker is the first process and we
can track about 600 nuts of minutes and
all it does is a couple of hammers
almost hit the nut but they don't crush
it they just crack and then we send that
crack nuts through a shell the shell
ahead is a rotating tumbler and it
tumbles the nut and it tumbles the shell
mostly shell off the nuts and we take
that product which is a mixture of meats
and shell into a sizer and the size of
his vibrating pans of different sized
holes and the larger nuts are separated
out the larger pieces and they come over
to the side is go down into one back and
then the smaller duck for smaller pieces
down further down the line and they're
separated into different different tops
the topless bingo into an array to where
we use the force of air separate the
light product from the heavy problem
the Pathan is typically heavier the
pecan meat is typically heavier than the
shell and so that blows the shell out
and deposits the meat into a container
to where we further process after we
have gotten into those containers the
moisture content and the nut is too high
and so we need to dry those nuts and we
put them on Drive with a little bit of
heat about a hundred degrees and we
according to the humidity or how wet the
nuts are or our experience we know how
off the drier to give them down to a
moisture level that the nut will hold if
you put nuts that are too wet in
enclosed container such as a cellophane
bag dog or even a box then they will
mold or mildew so you must get that
moisture out of the night before you get
further pop them then we will take that
drive nut inside and we can't grade that
pulling out darker meat pieces of
shell anything that should be there and
at the end of that process we've got a
being a tub of them perfect pecan has
and and that's really what we're looking
for from there we will take those that's
put them into a 30-pound boat box or we
will run them
bagging operation and the bags them into
one-pound bags for sale by people some
people with buy peaches and grocery
stores in and different places that tub
it need good the car
we are shell a lot of Elliott pecans
which are very small but done very have
a real strong nut flavor and that's the
net that we shell the most off and
that's the nut we really like to use
that our mail order business and our
retail business because frankly it's our
favor
we also shell desirable and some slides
and them but Elliott is stuff is is our
paper so that's kind of the shelling
process and it's uh it's a lot different
from growing pecans there are a lot of
real small adjustments that you have to
make in order to get hands and not
pieces in order to get good golden pecan
kernels and on and get a ready for
market
you