hey everybody this is Margo with the
style edition of laj and today I want to
bring you a little something that I did
with some mannequin heads that I
purchased for my local beauty supply
store when I got these I know that I
noticed that they were a little bit too
small for me that work with um they
weren't that small but you know I wasn't
comfortable working with something that
wasn't life-size so um what I did was I
purchased a few extra things to go along
with my mannequin head to make it more
closely um more close to the size of my
own head and I hope you like it all I
hope you think they're cute like I do
and if you decide that you would like
for me to show you step-by-step how to
make this if you like for me to UM
actually make one on video just um first
of all subscribe because I do this for
my studies mostly um and they'll like my
video and I'll give it for now just a
moment and I'll show you what I did
okay all my fashion dolls and my beauty
queens this here is the mannequin heads
that I kind of customized to my own head
I did it because as like you know like
some of you all know that the mannequin
heads straight out the store aren't true
to life-size they're a bit smaller so it
makes a little bit more difficult to get
the right fit of wig or style whatever
you're making
and it worked out pretty good because
I've already made a wig and actually
it's kind of perfect so what I did first
was I measured my own head from the
hairline in the front to all the way to
the back where the hair stopped there in
the back to the bottom of my head and I
got that measurement first and then I
went from side to side right in front of
the ear straight over the head from side
to side and I took that measurement and
what that did was give me a basic
measurement of the length and width of
my head now this is a bit wider than my
head but I could adjust the wig you know
piece on there for that width but mostly
I wanted to get from front to back okay
then what I did was take some batting
material no I'll give you something
later take some that batting material
the kind of material you use when you're
making um quilts or I never made a clip
but I don't know maybe you use it for
making quilts and you know using your
fabrics and everything so I took that
material and I started with a strip
about this wide this way maybe hairline
is the edge but I took a strip and I
went straight back all the way back to
the back of the head and then I took
some pins
and I stuck them in here now the Pens
are still in there and these are thank
you sweetheart these are the kind of
pins that I used these are straight pins
here and I stuck them down in there and
I push them as far as they could go
because with the batting on there it's
not going to go all the way through and
that's why stuff stuck it down in there
with and then I took strips and I just
kind of place them on here you know to
kind of get them going and covering you
know the circumference of the head and
then I pinned all those down and then
after I did that I took some of this now
this is um duct tape this is the
decorative duct tape that's all this is
and it looks pretty cool this looks like
some kind of you know a head scarf or
something I like it
anyway what I did was take some strips
and I started in the front in the very
center and I took a strip and kind of
pulled it kind of tight all the way to
the back and I stopped there and I cut
it and then what I did next is I took a
strip I put it next to that one kind of
overlapping a little bit and I took it
diagonal because if you don't take it
diagonally what you're going to end up
with is bunched up on both side of the
tape it's going to be straight on this
side but it's going to be bunched up on
this side because of the curve of the
head so um then what I did is I finished
that when you do it that way it's going
to come across like this and I did that
all the way around the head until I
cover it the whole head now to reinforce
that and make it a little bit harder you
know more like the head so that it would
be a little bit easier to work with I
redid it um I went back and I did some
more strips I started but this time only
went half way and that's because it's
not necessary to go I'm sorry it's not
necessary to go all the way because you
already have the basic foundation for
the head and so what I did then
I'm turning around let you see it's on
this thing making that squeaky noises
here but you see if you can kind of see
the lines I was going kind of diagonal
and then I stopped cut it out there and
by doing that you're only gonna end up
with a few little lumps in there not
very many but that's a few all right so
then I took a piece and I cover all
those edges I went around cutting pieces
as I need it to so it wouldn't bunch up
like that right there and then I just
reinforced it again
all around and on the bottom as you can
see because this thing here tears into
it
depending on the kind I take that up too
so if you like this please like my video
please subscribe and comment kind of
cute
thanks guys bye
okay I'm just showing you some of the
hair I use for my wig um my camera is
moving a little bit so you have to my
table is shaking a little bit so you
have to excuse that but this is some of
the hair that I use for the wig it's
100% human hair and I like it because it
feels real it behaves real and it has a
natural color to it and so what do you
think about this hair but I'm just
kidding this is my daughter hello this
is my daughter and that is her hair not
my wigs no you guys stay right in front
of you I can
you