at Christie's appliance we've moved our
Eastside store to the jo-ann Center on
Broadway near cold appliances from
Maytag Amana GE whirlpool KitchenAid and
Frigidaire and we've added Simmons
Beautyrest mattresses family-owned and
operated where's your bias hi I'm Mandy
Berlin and this is Tucson kitchen
secrets
I'm over here at Farrell amore
Neapolitan so right now I guess what I'm
not gonna eat pizza I'm gonna do
something else
it's not really advertised but smart
people know where to go so I'm here with
Tiffany right now at the still speakeasy
style bar in the back here and she's
gonna show us how to make a classic
amaretto sour so what I always do is I
crack an egg and I put the egg white
foamy and the back tip sift it out so
you just want the egg white here and I
tossed the yolk I always see that in the
back ten because we're gonna mix it and
shake it later and at the front smaller
ten I built that start with 3/4 an ounce
of simple syrup equal parts of the lemon
juice then I do full two ounces of my
spirit which today you're gonna drive
sheep and what that means is you shake
it without putting any ice into it and
this way you can kind of a multiply that
egg whites
my arm is do what I call it lump test to
make sure it's nice and frothy
or the drink back on top make sure sales
nice and tight make sure flow nice brisk
shake shelf last one that has a little
bit of a foot on it so that while you're
drinking the drink your hand doesn't
warm up the drink too much that's
honestly the best amaretto sour as a
collar we're making more than a drink of
its intended circuit okay really yeah