repair clinic makes fixing things easy
with millions of replacement parts
available on our website and the help
you need to do the repair yourself since
we encourage you to perform this repair
safely a warning icon will appear when
you should use caution before you
replace the detergent dispenser in your
dishwasher be sure to turn off the power
to the appliance open the dishwasher
door and use a t15 Torx bit to unthread
all of the screws holding the inner and
outer door panels together
separate the panels and release the
door-latch disconnect the wire connector
and detach the retainer you can now set
the outer door panel aside disconnect
the wire connector from the dispenser
use a flathead screwdriver and a putty
knife to pry the metal tabs outward and
hold them to release the old dispenser
this will probably require some effort
install the new detergent dispenser by
positioning it on the inside of the
inner door panel and snapping it into
place connect the wire connector to the
dispenser reinstall the outer door panel
by first positioning the door latch
connect the wire connector and secure
the retainer set the outer door panel on
the hinges confirm the inner door panel
trim is in place then join the two
panels together and rethread all of the
screws to secure
with the repair completed turn the power
back on and your dishwasher should be
ready for use at repair clinic we make
fixing things easy thank you for
supporting the production of these
videos by purchasing your parts from our
website