hi I'm Stan def frus Mr Green Thumb
we're going to talk about containers and
planting seeds if you've got a container
like this you can simply take your good
soil your good mix fill it up and make
sure that you get it pretty near the
well 3/4 of the container at least if
not up to the surface pack it down
lightly you want to use finger pressure
you can but you don't want to pack the
soil so tightly that you can't make
holes take your seeds plant your seeds
usually about one time as deep as the
seed is thick so in this case if it's
about a 8 in seed at least an 1/ in to
a/4 in deep making sure we plant all the
little seeds down and you just lay them
on their sides they'll write themselves
as they start to germinate germination
should take place on these probably in
about 7 to 10 days keep them
moist and make sure they get enough
moisture and enough sunlight light so
the germination process can take place
for starting seeds in containers I'm
stand to frutus Mr Green thum