what's up guys welcome that about cake
I'm your host Joshua John Russell and
this week I'm super excited because
we're making a cake the premiere of
Jurassic world falling Kingdom
we're gonna build a chocolate cake
filled with ganache we're gonna shape it
into a volcano and a little t-rex to go
with it
[Music]
to start we're gonna build our structure
for the Tyrannosaurus Rex so I have this
armature that's made for sort of like a
person running but I'm going to take it
apart and manipulate it to look like the
inside of a dinosaur or at least the
structure part like dinosaur bones yes
it's just like the structure at a whole
skin on man about paleontology there you
go so I'm actually gonna do this I'm
gonna hot glue this together if you've
never seen our show before every Tuesday
we make fun cakes
sometimes trendy stuff sometimes things
I just want to make sometimes I make
cakes for the boys and I had a really
epic fight with a hot glue gun on an
episode where I made an octopus you
should check that out was really funny I
think it's gonna be okay today though
we're friends right last words we're
friends okay I'm gonna start by hot
glueing bottom so this is gonna be one
foot here this will be her left foot and
I'm putting her on something separate
because when the cake is done and eaten
I can take her off and actually save her
she'll be mean at exactly right like
number one what would you use the old
chocolate dinosaur for you can keep her
forever oh I'll probably put her back
that may be so this will be the foot the
leg kind of comes up it goes this way
you just have this memorized oh I can
kind of figure it out how it stands you
know I've seen it a lot of times okay
this one next okay so this is a leg and
then we'll use the cross section here
sorry buddy
it's like a puzzle here's one leg so
we'll throw in her tail here
you guys remember where you were when
you saw the first Jurassic Park I saw
them all in the theater the last
Jurassic world I sell twice as an adult
man in a theater alone that's still not
ashamed
that's pretty scared when I first saw it
I was terrified were you terrified
you're kidding me they're so realistic
there that's the start of the structure
so you get it like now we're gonna glue
all of our joints using uh-huh glue all
right which is good so I'm actually
gonna build the center of her with a
little bit of their aluminum foil so we
don't use so much modeling chocolate now
you really do get a lot for your money
let's be a fun dinosaur thing I was like
good or not
and I think it looks just like it
already
[Music]
to some modeling chocolate you guys have
never used this is it just chocolate
mixed with corn syrup or some sort of
inverted sugar and it ends up being this
awesome like clay that you can
manipulate alright I must start with the
body so I'm gonna roll a piece out it's
gonna look weird until it looks great so
bear with me
until my mom told me so then you could
take your tools and use to smooth she's
gonna move a little bit once all the
chocolate gets on there and harden she's
gonna be rock hard
[Music]
this is a dinosaur of texture maker also
known as a ball of aluminum foil
so I'm just going to keep adding pieces
and building onto her
[Music]
so got the general shape up the body I'm
gonna start working on the head doing
this separate open it up here and I'm
kind of carving out the inside to make a
cavity velociraptor clever girl from
movie my favorite dinosaurs blue blue
she's the one that's trained and she
listens to her trainers in the last
movie she helped defeat the indominus
rex choose this extra terrifying hey hey
spoiler alert okay I'm gonna add an arm
here it's like me when I have a middle
seat on the plane and I'm trying to work
[Music]
did you know the Stegosaurus Colorado
state's dinosaur you'll have a state
dinosaur yeah Colorado is known as the
Stegosaurus state first-ever Stegosaurus
skeleton was found near Morrison
Colorado
[Music]
I even get NetBeans Jo Stegosaurus was
the dumbest dinosaur really yeah how do
they know that well it brain was the
size of a walnut there's only three
centimeters long
[Music]
there are emails I'm gonna make one more
vein comes down here cream cone dad
babes and dad's mad
oh yeah look like you guys are always
surprised that I can do stuff every
episode really well you really pulled
that off right I think she looks pretty
terrified I'm gonna noodle this a little
bit more and next up we're gonna make
our logo so what I did was I printed out
the logo and I laminated it and cut it
out and then cut that out of gum paste
and I think it looks super rad the
problem with the logo is a teeth are so
tiny I have to be like 8 feet and my
hands really hot so I'm gonna pipe the
teeth royal icing and if anybody here
has the truth missing now we'll leave
this to dry and I'll paint it so this
cake is going to be epically large we
have the dinosaur and we also have the
volcano so I've got this giant piece of
wood which is probably the biggest cake
plate I've ever had
so we're gonna build it chuckle cake and
chocolate buttercream carve it out and
then we're gonna cover the whole thing
in chocolate ganache it is gonna be
triple chocolate goodness
[Music]
how many layers of cake you got there
I've got a wash we may not use them all
she did not want to let go of that cake
but she did by the way if you guys want
any of my recipes there in the eye above
me or the description box below
I'm talking cake there's no good so when
you get the recipe do I have to put in
your cart and it tells you to check out
but your total will be zero promise they
are free recipes wait zero dollars $0.00
[Music]
all right now it's time to carve the
volcano out world overskirt let's cut it
to this beast I'm just trying to get the
shape so I'm cutting off pieces and
we're moving them around
[Music]
the volcano has like these ridges so I'm
trying to recreate that where the lava
will flow down I'm using some extra
garbage cake just to build the volcano
out a little bit bored there's really no
technique to carving a volcano
you just kind of have to get your hands
dirty got my volcano into a pretty good
shape now I'm gonna grab my ganache and
we'll give it a coat before we go knock
this thing I have to make a secret
compartment which will be this guy that
we can put some dry ice in to make the
smoke later so we're gonna cut a hole in
the top of the volcano like a real
volcano with that don't know what the
inside of the volcano tastes like yes
chocolate cake
well I'll be
[Music]
now let's ganache it
[Music]
that's gonna make the vegetation I'm
actually gonna use desiccated coconut
and graham crackers so I have it all
busted up here in a ziplock bag and I'm
add some powdered food color to it
I've got a little bit of yellow I've got
some sort of mentee sort of green spring
green and then a darker green we'll dump
a little bit of yellow in here let's do
all the yellow desiccated coconut sounds
so extreme to me beautiful good stuff
now we're gonna cover the whole volcano
then actually made a couple of panels so
what I did was I rolled out some green
gum paste and then I covered it in the
moss so then we can make some areas that
are a little bit raised like this to
give it a little bit more dimension and
once again I'm not gonna worry about any
of the color that's on the outside
because I'm gonna airbrush this whole
thing like an Asha set pretty good up
here
Mika might need the torch my favorite
tool hold on her remember Josh we have
to have a fire extinguisher before you
start using this do you have one uh oh I
guess too late now I just want to get it
a little bit wet
[Music]
volcana likes to be massaged just a very
delicate creature she could explode at
any time don't don't make her mad I'm
not gonna make her mad she gets whatever
she wants this is how the volcano Sal is
that hurtful here hurry up story you
ready to suffer some makeup uh we're
gonna airbrush you oh cool yeah he'll
get the airbrush would you wait okay
okay I'm going I'm going
I'm starting with a little bit of yellow
for some highlights
[Music]
adding a little brown old greens
together to get a darker color
now it's time to paint the dinosaur so I
have a bunch of colors here I have some
confectioners glaze and then also some
confectioners glaze wash but this is
gonna go kind of like airbrushing on the
volcano we're gonna do in the layers put
colors on take them off change it up a
little bit to get it just the way I want
it we'll start with brown I'm using a
mixture of brown black and a yellow to
create layers and then I'll take my wash
and pull some of the color off to get
the exact hue I want
[Music]
[Applause]
now that I've got our all painted I'm
gonna add her teeth and her tongue I
already made some the teeth because they
get really warm when you sort of Whittle
them down so I let them sit for a minute
so they would get colds and now I can
handle them
[Music]
now I'm gonna paint the logo I'm gonna
do this with black airbrush
[Music]
now it's time to add the lava so I have
some mirror glaze here that I added
white to I'm gonna pipe it in white and
I'm an airbrush it
[Applause]
[Music]
and starting with yellow and just kind
of making an outline I'm gonna go back
over with orange but I want to keep some
of the white as well
[Music]
just poke a note you're up to chicken
eggs over-easy hey volcanoes erupted
hollandaise sauce now I'm gonna add some
dirt the logo and a few final touches
I'm using leftover cake crumbs that
dried out just a bit for my dirt
I've made some rocks out of fondant that
I'm marbled I'm gonna airbrush those as
well
[Music]
now I'm gonna glue Mike the Jurassic
logo to the rock with white chocolate
our Jurassic world cake is all finished
I think she turned out super red for
some of you the movie is already out in
the US it comes out this Friday June
22nd go see the movie come back here
leave a comment tell me what you thought
about it because I'm so excited
next week we're gonna make it under the
sea cake let's cut her how am I gonna
get this into the theater we can play a
game what Joshua Payton chicken wing
nope
dinosaur she's got to be roaring like
that's terrible
that was not a super impressive sound oh
sorry yeah Josh will put your head over
me again that's what our children will
look like half volcano hotshot school
ready
[Music]