use lukewarm water at 20 to 30 degrees
Celsius water warmer than 30 degrees
Celsius may dissolve the emotion on the
photo surface and damage the image make
sure the water is below 30 degrees
Celsius before beginning a cleaning
process
you can also use room-temperature water
if the water temperature is lower you
can avoid dissolving the emulsion but it
may take longer to remove dirt on the
surface
we also recommend that you avoid
cleaning in running water and work in
still lukewarm water if the image
surface of a photo is severely damaged
washing it off with the force of running
water will tear off the image
when handling a photo touch the back or
hold it by the edges if you squeeze the
front image surface with force the image
may also peel off with the dirt
if the attached dirt is completely dry
gently brush it away using a soft brush
if you scratch it forcefully with a hard
brush part of the image may peel off
if you don't have a soft brush or if the
dirt isn't dry and remains damp
do not forcibly remove the dirt proceed
to the step of soaking the photo in
water
gently soak the print in lukewarm water
after soaking for 30 seconds to one
minute you can begin the cleaning step
now we move on to the cleaning process
hold the edges of the photo and gently
swish it in the lukewarm water
when moving dirt be sure to start at the
outside corners of a photo to see if the
dirt can be removed without peeling off
the image
use the tip of your finger to gently
wipe or tap to remove dirt depending on
the condition you can hold the edges of
the photo and carefully wipe it to
remove the dirt
don't wipe too hard with your fingertips
as you may peel the image off remove the
dirt as carefully and as gently as
possible
if the image surface is not damaged dirt
can be washed away when the dirt is
removed the surface of the photo will be
smooth to the touch
once the image appears intact gradually
move toward the center as you perform
the same procedure if the image surface
is damaged it will feel slippery on the
fingertips
in such cases regardless of how gently
you wipe the photo the image surface
will gradually peel away causing red and
yellow stains and in some severe cases
causing the image itself to be lost
colors that come off of the photo may
stick to your fingertips
in such cases we recommend that you do
not forcibly remove the dirt and
immediately remove the photo from the
water
use your fingertips to remove dirt also
from the back of the photo a brush may
be more efficient than your finger when
cleaning the back
once the dirt has been removed from the
front and back of the photo take it out
of the water and rinse it with clean
lukewarm water or cool water once the
cleaning is done the photos are ready to
dry hang the photos by their edges or
lay them flat on newspaper or other
paper in the shade where dust will not
settle on the photo avoid drying in
direct sunlight as it causes
discoloration and also can cause the
prints to curl up
you can also use a hairdryer but be sure
it is on the low setting to avoid rapid
ride
you