in today's video I'm going to be showing
you how to iron your pillow beat
creations
hey pencil philippics here and
welcome to my channel now I know some of
you guys have been way for this tutorial
for a very long time and I do apologize
that it's very very late but it is
finally here I'm going to be teaching
you how to iron your pillow beads
alright so let's get right to it so
first things first you need your Trudy
creation already and this is Lena from
Sailor Moon for all you Sailor Moon fans
out there and I actually don't use
ironing paper I use baking paper which
some guys call it parchment paper and
essentially it's the same thing
so you tear enough to cover the whole
board and then some because I tend to
use and reuse my baking paper again for
other creations now this is my iron and
this is what works for me I have a very
big and heavy iron and I use mine to the
maximum setting it is the hottest
setting so you might have to play around
with yours to see what works for you I'm
just letting you guys know this is what
I drew so begin ironing your creation I
always try and do the ends or the outer
first because they seem to be the
hardest to reach and I tend to lift up
from the bottom because not all of the
board needs to be iron
while the beads aren't covering the
boards what I'm trying to say so you
make circular motion always moving your
iron you don't you do not want to stay
in one spot especially if your heat
setting is on the high setting like mine
so you just keep moving the iron around
it around making sure you get into the
edges of the creation
you
and as your ironing you'll notice that
the beads will melt because they
actually stick onto or they latch onto
the paper
now I would not recommend flipping it
over like I am doing here because it's
not actually completed yet the beads
have not actually melted but I was just
so wary of melting my boards that I just
had to get my creation off of the board
and as you can see there's bead that has
not been melted properly so don't flip
it like I have just keep ironing it and
I keep going ahead placing another bit
of baking paper on top and just iron it
so let it cool down for a little bit and
you can tell that it's cool enough when
the baking paper and the beads slowly
separate peel it off very gently so what
you'll notice now is that your creation
will start to curve and to stop this
from happening or making it worse you
put something really heavy on top of it
I'm using a book on Greek mythology here
so anything heavy and flat and that
should flatten it out and there you have
it your creation should beyond now so
hope you guys have found this video
helpful if you did please leave a like
thank you guys so much for watching
subscribe if you need and I'll see you
guys next time
bye does this top make me look like I'm
naked coz I'm not look I'm not naked
guys