[Music]
[Music]
hey guys my kitchen I'm Julia so today
it is time for another delicious summer
dessert and that is some strawberry mini
tarts so let's get started so what I'm
going to use for my mini TTS is is some
dark chocolate some Mara pan you can
always leave the dark chocolate out and
the mara pan that is up to you and then
I'm going to use some sugar some whole
milk some pasteurized egg yolks you can
also just use regular egg yolks that
doesn't matter I just had these in the
fridge so that was a lot easier than
removing the egg wies from the yolk and
so on and then I'm going to use some
cornstarch Seas vanilla pot strawberries
and some pie or tart crust and I have
already made a tart or pie crust in here
before and that was on my almond and
dime TP so just leave a link for that
recipe Down Below in my description and
just to make this video quick easy and
just a nice summer dessert without too
much of work that is why I am using a
starboard T tart crust
today and what I'm going to do is to use
my small tart FS here uh they have have
a loose bottom so it is very easy to get
the Tarts up you can also just choose to
make one large top so all of your guyss
can enjoy a piece instead of a mini to
Sauce so what I'm going to do is to
place some to dough into my mini forms
and then I'm going to bake them in the
oven at 180Â° convention oven for about
15 to 20 minutes until the dough is done
and nice and
crispy and while they are in the oven I
am going to make my custard and what
first off I am going to mix my sugar and
egg Ys together just very quickly and
yeah then I am going to bring my milk
corn starch and vanilla seeds into a
boil and when they are coming to a boil
I'm going to add in my egg and sugar mix
and then I'm just going to let it boil
on until it is nice and
thick and then I'm going to place it in
the fridge cover with some plastic wrap
and when it is cooled it is done but
before I add them into my finished T
crust I am going to melt down some
chocolate and then I am going to brush
it on the inside of the tart and then
I'm just going to let them cool down
until the chocolate is set and then it
is time to fill in with some Mai pan and
then my custard and then some cut
strawberries on top and then it is ready
to be saved
[Music]
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I really hope you enjoyed my recipe
for my mini strawberry TOs and if I'm
try te yourself just go down my
description and you can find all the
ingredients down there and my link to my
T crust video if you want to make it
yourself and I promise you the homemade
is so so much better than the B one but
I just needed a quick and easy recipe
today so that is why I'm showing you how
to make some strawberry tarts with the
starbard dough so yeah don't forget to
subscribe to my channel here and I hope
to see you all again tomorrow bye