[Music]
I checked her with mr. Hardware today
were pull side and we're describing our
new carbureted hopper system and we're
showing all of the different components
that come within our system as you know
that one of the main applications for
the carbureted hopper system is for
pools and so that's why we're here
poolside
so our carbureted hopper system is our
top of the line system and it comes with
this extra large tank here and it holds
over a hundred pounds of media and the
tank also has a screw lid on it which is
really nice and the screw lid will screw
onto a collar which will keep your media
in place during transportation now the
twist lid here also has a vented top so
you can run the system with the lid
closed to keep it from getting wet by
opening or closing the vented cap which
is on the which is on the twist lid now
an important thing to note too is that
the hopper itself does come with a great
cart here and the cart has Castor's at
the bottom which makes it really
convenient when you're hauling around
over a hundred pounds of media in here
so you can see that this setup here we
have the Castor's in it now if you
prefer not to use the captures we do
have a couple feet that you can just
thread in to the bottom here and you can
hold it into place if you're working on
some kind of a slope etc so the court is
very sturdy and I'll twist it around
here and you can see on the backside
that the cart does have a kick plate and
this kick plate is nice when you put
your foot on it you can tilt it back and
move the cart around that's pretty handy
and then also on this side here we do
have a place here for our manifold
and I'll describe this part in a few
minutes but we do have a holder for it
and it sits right here so one other
thing to note too on the cart
is that the cart does contain our drain
snake here this is a poker that we can
use to put down into the hopper to
dislodge any kind of debris that gets
stuck into our of 3/4 media valve so we
have like three metal rings welded on to
the cart and it slips right into here
let me twist this around here and we'll
show more of the pictures of our system
back you go
another important thing to note on our
cart here is that we do have two rings
at the bottom and these rings here
correspond to these hooks and that's
what we're able to put both of our guns
on with these systems so oftentimes as a
professional you're using both tips of
the guns using a 15 degree wide tip and
a 0 degree wide tip now we have other
videos that describe the operation of
these tips and why you need both but for
now on this car we have a place for both
guns to rest so for example I can put
one here and it'll rest right in that
spot there you go
and the other one goes right here okay
another thing to note too on the hoppers
is that we do put a thumb screw on here
now the reason we have a thumb screw
here not here is because if you undo
these thumb screws you can pull the
hopper up and if you ever want to work
on this equipment then if you undo the
thumb screws pull the bolts out then you
can twist the entire hopper up and I'll
show that in subsequent videos when
we're working on the media carburetor so
in a nutshell those are the features of
the hopper and the cart and
put this gun back here and now we'll
take a look at the media flow associated
with the carbureted hopper the most
important thing to note on this
particular system now is the venturi
assisted carburetor which is at the
bottom here the media flows through this
three quarter inch brass valve and the
media can flow in and out depending upon
whether you control this valve once the
media is going through the three-quarter
inch valve it goes into the venturi
assisted carburetor and from here that
is where the media is delivered to the
hose now as you know the carbureted
hopper is being supplied forced-air
generally from an air compressor which
is like this and the air from the air
compressor is being fed into our
regulator assembly through this blue
hose and through the unit now as the air
flow is going through the unit we have a
gauge here that will help you to
determine whether or not the media is
flowing whether it is vacuum or
overpressure or etc so for this kit here
this kit contains the venturi assisted
carburetor and the pressure regulator
assembly and the bracket and the hose
everything you need to do that and
during transportation is very important
to use the case that we provide that
comes along with this kit so after you
finish blasting what you're going to
want to do is unscrew these units here
and put them back in the case as well as
the hose so let me give you an example
of when it ships of how it looks so
we're going to do here is open up our
case and you can see the first thing we
have here on top is our hose and then
underneath here is all the components
that you see on the hopper here so that
is the one of the main features of the
carburetor hopper system we have a great
case for it that you can use during a
transportation and storage to make sure
that you don't lose the systems or
damaged them
during transportation so what I'll do
now is I'll set the venturi assisted
carburetor case off to the side and
we'll take a look at some of the other
features associated with our carbureted
hopper system now a very important thing
to note with this system is that it
comes with our instruction manuals and
other documentation which helps you to
understand how the web blasting process
works that's very important and most
importantly it does come with a hundred
feet of hose here now this is the hose
the clear vinyl hose that you're going
to use to put into here and that's going
to be the hose that connects onto 20 or
two guns now in standard operation we
usually use 50 feet
however we supply a hundred feet with
the carburetor system because there's
some applications where you may want to
do a hundred feet however most of the
times what I do recommend excuse me is I
recommend cutting the 100 feet of hose
that have to have 250 foot lines and the
reason for that is if one of the hoses
get wet what you can do is just pull
that hose off and switch to the other
hose so this system here it gives you
adequate hose to run it in either a
hundred foot mode or you can have a
backup 50 foot mode excuse me now the
other thing that this system does
provide is because there is an option
for two guns which I do recommend it's
worth it now when you're using two guns
in order to run both guns simultaneously
I mean to alternate them back and forth
what you're really going to want to use
is a manifold splitter and an inline
pressure gage so now this will go on to
your pressure washer and it will split
two hoses so you can run both guns
simultaneously so you're already set to
run one gun however what you won't have
if you run want to run them both because
you're not going to have an extra 50
feet of high pressure hose so we supply
the blue non-marking 50 feet of
high-pressure hose so that right out of
the box
you can connect this up to your pressure
washer and you can run both guns and
alternate between the two as you wish so
this is our top of the line set up here
and the other thing that this system
also comes with which is very important
is it does come with extra parts for our
blast head so for example on this gun
here it's possible for the operator to
bang these on the ground bingham in your
truck etc it is possible to chip these
phantoms so what we do in this case for
this system is we add in a extra fan
chips for you so that if this does
happen on the job you can quickly put on
an additional fan ship it also comes
with other parts here that you can use
to clean out the heads to maintain
appropriately and also what the system
does include is it does include a two
inch nipple and a lot of times what
operators will do if they want to work
around the deep end of the pool they'll
simply unscrew this in this and put this
in place of this long lance and you can
connect this up and make it a very short
gun that's a very handy option if you
ever if you ever need it working around
each side of the pool etc so this kid
here really contains everything an
operator needs to effectively do the wet
blasting process on pool tile stone if
you're doing construction landscaping
marine etc and in those situations where
you using the heavier media's such as
the sand and the salts and the glass
speed you're really going to need this
carbureted system to drive that media
further and this system is going to
allow you to work from a further
distance than a standard hopper and it's
going to allow you to work with heavier
media and so in a nutshell this is our
complete system with your choice of
either one or two cones and it has the
hoses etc and so if you have any
questions about our corporative hopper
system please contact
[Music]
[Music]