welcome back by vegans today I'm going
to give you my granny's recipe for whole
cakes and here in the South some people
call us hot water cornbread first we're
gonna need some self-rising cornmeal
some flour some baking powder sea salt
and sugar mix the dry ingredients
together now pour in some hot water I
[Music]
want to mix this until it's smooth
[Music]
I'm going to cook these in a cast-iron
skillet with a couple of tablespoons of
oil ladle the batter in Sylvain as if
you would a pancake I want to cook each
cake for about three minutes on each
side you'll notice it flip the cake when
you see the bubbles first and the edges
will become golden brown now this repeat
the same steps with the rest of the
batter
[Music]
[Music]
you guys let me know in the comments if
you've ever had an okay
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
if you liked this video give it a thumbs
up don't forget to share it and if
you're new
[Music]