welcome to handle it your online
instructional cooking show I'm chef
Atari the Wallach of the kitchen you
know what it's summertime know what that
means it's time to fire up those freakin
barbecues we bought because they've been
hibernation from the winter cooking with
fire playing heat and what are we gonna
throw on that barbecue some pork fat rib
bring you by popular demand the sticky
icky Asian vanilla coke pork back ribs
[Music]
so right now we're gonna start with the
dry rub for our ribs so that way they
can have a nice little bark so need some
brown sugar free cup onion powder
and the dry rub just assists the ribs by
getting even more flavor in every single
bite garlic powder some salt and pepper
once you've added all your ingredients
for the dry rub in a mixing bowl and
toss them around mix them around break
up the brown sugar if it's all clumped
up today we're gonna be using the pork
back ribs put it on a trade line with
parchment paper start sprinkling in that
nice dry rub you can even rub it in
there fix because the moisture of the
ribs allows it to bind once you've put
the dry rub on the ribs you didn't want
to go ahead and massage that in there
pressing it down into the meat voila the
ribs are ready but the first step is
we're gonna throw them in the oven to
get a nice little pre cook going on you
know cook through a little more then
goes on the barbecue and you're making
magic baby just like that while the ribs
are in the oven this is the perfect
opportunity to make your sticky vanilla
coke barbecue sauce grab yourself a
mixing bowl add yourself about six
tablespoons tablespoon of minced garlic
tablespoon of ginger shallots don't be
lazy
do not get onions you want the shallot
the shallot is the key cayenne pepper
just a bit poison sauce the Asian
molasses honey this is how you get that
sticky icky texture it wouldn't be
complete without the soy sauce
grab myself a trusty Wis makes all this
greatness together but we're not done
yet grab yourself a small saucepan add
yourself 1/3 cup of sugar and what we're
gonna want to do is let this melt and
caramelize now you might think I'm crazy
but this works wanna melt the sugar so
it's completely dissolved when sugar is
caramelized add vanilla coke mixture to
it and already you'll start smelling
these flavors come together the caramel
will Harden that's okay once you've
added the vanilla coke mix turn this
reduce the heat let it simmer for about
20 minutes the ribs are done pre cooking
and we're ready to throw them on the
grill you'll want to have it on a nice
low heat because don't forget we're
cooking with a lot of sugar so we do not
want the sugar to burn and mess
everything up
once the ribs are on the grill you're
ready to sauce them up oh maybe you're
painting yourself a Picasso right here
you just want to coat these bad boys in
a sticky icky vanilla coke Asian sauce
baby
so you've applied your first layer of
sauce let it sit on the grill for about
10 minutes come back to it why more
sauce let it start getting a nice coat
on it you know nice little close there
you have it a tasty delicious barbecue
treat
ready to eat and I guarantee you're
gonna be having everybody licking their
fingertips thank you guys so much for
watching this episode of family we hope
you liked share favorite and subscribe
and continue to get the best most
baddest recipes in the cooking game you
get to make it all here in your kitchen
thank you guys so much
enjoy your sticky icky Asian vanilla
coke rinse voila