hey guys what's up all come back to my
channel I hope you guys are having an
amazing day so far last year I made a
penguin and snowman snow globe so I
thought I'd remake it but instead I
would make it mini this time so today
I'm going to be making some mini snow
globes which are not only really fun to
look at but they also make really cute
gifts for Christmas I hope that you
enjoy watching this video if you do
enjoy it you can give it a thumbs up and
if you are new to my channel and if you
would maybe like to stick around then
you can go ahead and subscribe and now
without further ado let's get right into
this video alrighty guys so right here I
have this container that I got from eBay
but you can use any container that you
may have you can also use a regular
sized container if you don't want to
make a mini snow globe so all I'm going
to do is just take off the lid so the
first thing that I'm going to do is make
the base of the snow globe so here I
have some white polymer clay I'm going
to put it inside just to make sure that
it's not too big and then I'm just going
to take it out and let that bake in the
oven once I was out of the oven I just
took some superglue and I'm going to
glue it in place this is where the
penguin and snowman are going to sit on
top of or stand on top of I guess so
this is going to be the base of the snow
globe now you can make pretty much
whatever you want inside so I'm going to
start by showing you how to make a
really adorable penguin if you know me
in real life you'll know that I love
penguins I'm using some black polymer
clay to make the head and the body of
the penguin kind of hard to explain this
but you can see the shapes that are
making now I'm making the wings and I'm
going to blend it all in with my needle
tool for the feet I'm using some orange
polymer clay and I just made like two
little balls and I just pop those on
once I was all done I let it bake in the
oven for five minutes now all you want
to do is paint on the details I'm using
a really tiny paintbrush it's actually a
nail brush and some white acrylic paint
now I'm sealing in the paint with some
fimo gloss varnish you can use any kind
of a glaze and then I'm just going to
take some black acrylic paint add in the
eyes and then using some orange I'm
going to make the beak and I'm also
going to add in a little green scarf
that is pretty much it for the little
penguin now I'm going to also show you
guys how to make a really cute tiny
snowman I have a miniature snowman video
on my channel but I decided to just
include it in this video as well I have
two white balls of polymer clay one is
slightly bigger than the other and I'm
going to attach those together then I my
two tiny balls of black and I'm going to
pop those on for the eyes I also made a
carrot nose for the arms I'm using some
brown metal wire and I'm just going to
stick that right on I also took some red
polymer clay and I made a tiny Santa hat
once that's all done you want to let it
bake in the oven for five minutes and
that is pretty much it for the snowman
now I'm going to show you a little
Christmas tree I really don't like how
it turned out but I do think that it's
nice I don't really love it I guess
anyway I'm still going to show you how I
made it so I took some green polymer
clay made it into a cone cut off the
extra clay then I made the trunk using
some Brown polymer clay now I'm giving
it a lot of texture using a needle tool
but you can also use a toothpick for
this using some red I made a really thin
snake of clay and I'm going to wrap it
around the tree as we did earlier once
you're done you want to let it bake in
the oven for five minutes here I have
the base of the snow globe aka the
weight of the container and I'm going to
glue the little penguin in place I'm
going to do the same exact thing
for the Snowman and Christmas tree
because I felt that these snow globes
kind of looked boring so I thought I
would add a little bit of sparkle with
this gold nail polish all I'm going to
do is paint the lid with a really thin
layer of it I used silver for the
Christmas tree one which I didn't really
like to be honest I could have changed
it but it's okay now is the time when
you actually need the container so here
I'm filling it up with some bottled
water then I'm going to add a few drops
of glycerin oil this is completely
optional you could also use baby oil if
you want this is basically going to help
the glitter like fall out slowly I guess
now for the actual glitter I'm using
fine glitter and I'm also using hexagon
glitter which is a bit chunkier I'm
adding in the glitter and I'm going to
mix it all in
finally I'm screwing the lid back on and
if you want to make sure that it doesn't
leak you could use some water-resistant
glue and then screw it on but I totally
skip back because I wasn't too worried
about it there are the completed snow
globes I'm really happy with how these
turned out I don't really like the
Christmas tree one but I really love the
penguin and snowman so be sure to let me
know any comment down below with snow
globe was your favorite I hope you guys
are having a fantastic day I love you
and I'll see you in my next video