everybody has their own way of making o
pudding I think it should be served with
any roast personally I think it's
fantastic on its own fantastic no
problem at all and I do speak for some
experience my grandmother came from
Yorkshire but moved to Lancashire so
she's actually sort of crossed the road
it met my granddad but this was her
recipe it's very very simple four medium
eggs okay got for a few basic rules four
medium eggs at room temperature that
makes a big difference why because if at
room temperature when they go in the
oven they they start cooking quicker and
the whole point is you need to get some
lift into them so room temperature is is
really important then I add normal plain
flour so this is it so four eggs you add
half the flour so four eggs 225 g of
plain flour not bread flour normal plain
flour one pint of milk 5 6 8 Ms of milk
and you put half the milk in okay okay
then just literally if you start from
the center and break up the eggs and
you'll see that the eggs start to work
nicely the flour rolls in on itself and
when you get to there you'll see there's
a few lumps but the point being is that
when you get to that point there add the
rest of the flour okay and then you can
beat the lumps out if you add all the
milk there's too much liquid and you
will never get the lumps out so you just
keep whisking it don't go mad so it's
all falling in till you beat the lumps
out of it yeah and then you just
literally at this point here whis whis
whis you'll see the lumps coming out if
there are a few like that disappearing
before are very eyes that see yeah yeah
then you have the rest of the milk in it
goes and you make up your batter now the
other thing to say is
I always season my York puddings at the
last second now salt tightens the
protein of egg white if you're making
salmon mousse put salmon in the egg
whites put and whiz it up put the salt
in it completely tightens up so I always
add the salt so that's a good thing
that's a good thing it does certainly
help for the structure at the end now
don't put pepper in you can if you want
to be honest would you notice the
difference i' probably not right now in
this oven here which is set at 225 sorry
200° centigrade I've got a tray yeah it
has two tablespoons of oil in each one
keep the oven shut any particular oil
any oil will do right and then what you
need to do I'm just going to pull this
into
here like so can I ask a question people
say it's about the oil it has to be
smoking hot yes it does so when I pour
that in you'll see let's see that they
keep going these are muffin tins so you
get a slightly deeper yure pudding there
has to be hot so that starts to cook
straight away see that yeah by the time
you get to the end that should just have
stopped by
so got a bit short of time so I'm just
going to keep going very very quickly
story with you isn't it bit short of
time yeah who is it who runs
over no it might be a certain Mr Holmes
we it's a same right
200° that goes back in okay at this
point here you wack that in there very
carefully on a tray so you keep as much
heat in as possible you give that 10
minutes and you turn it down to and
leave it for 45 minutes so you do it on
the high heat for 10 minutes initial
lift turn it down turn it down and that
they'll start to rise and that that heat
then will'll just cut them through the
golden rule is when they get to around
about 40 minutes you think take them out
of the oven don't give them 10 minutes
extra and they won't collapse so you're
doing an hour all together just under an
hour but some ovens cook quicker than
others but the golden is do not take
them out give them 10 minutes extra and
they will not collapse