hi guys today I'm coming to you with a
super quick video I actually just went
to Home Depot and I had a few empty pots
lying around my house and I just wanted
to fill them with some cute little
plants so I went and I picked these up
this one is it's a it's named something
golden Jade
it's from Home Depot it was four dollars
and 98 cents I picked up this it's a
different version of a pop house plant
which that's actually right here and
they're so easy to care for so it got
this pretty little guy and then I also
just got some ivy and I've been wanting
some ivy because I love the way that it
grows down and drapes beautifully but I
think that for like some beginners with
plant care they kind of come home with
these and they'll just put them on the
counter and maybe they'll die after a
little while or they just don't know
what to do with them so I just want to
show you what I do with my plants when
you bring them home and how I kind of
give them a permanent little home okay
so to do this you're gonna need some
pebbles see if I could get to focus on
my hand
I just have some little rocks I feel
like you could even just go outside and
get some rocks from like your yard and
then also you're gonna need soil so I
just have them packaged in here just for
easier use so you're getting in your pot
and you're gonna get your rocks and this
is the main thing cuz when you have a
pot like this that doesn't have a hole
in the bottom it has nowhere for the
water to go so like your roots are gonna
rot out the soil is gonna rot and then
usually like little tiny bugs will start
living in your soil actually it's
happened to me a few times so the trick
is to put a layer of drops at the bottom
so I'm just gonna do that really quick
so I just filled up to about there Oh
move it around so you can see I think
the more the better because the more
room it has for the water to trickle
through the dirt laughs the bottom and
get evaporated through the rocks not
through the soil so I'm actually
for this plan I'm going to be putting
this little guy in there so I'm going to
take the tags out of the Home Depot
container and always be attention to
these because this has instructions on
care for this plant so you're going to
tilt it over to the side and just wiggle
it right out of the pot now you don't
need this anymore you're gonna put it
straight in and you're just gonna fill
the rest actually I'm gonna take it out
and put a little bit of dirt between
this and the rocks just a little bit
because you also get to choose like what
height do you want to add and I want
this to sit right here above the top lid
of the pot so I'm just gonna fill this
up around the sides
so now I'm just gonna clean off the
edges cuz it's got some dirt and I want
to show you how it looks while it's in
there alright there we go
it's so easy and now it has the roots
have a little bit more room to grow
look at the size difference between this
and this now the roots are going to be
able to spread out the water is going to
drain to the bottom it looks beautiful
and I'm just gonna find a spot for this
in my house
so I'm gonna be doing that that exact
same thing I have this pot with this
plant stand and I'm going to be doing
the ivy in this because I just want it
to like grow down and look so beautiful
so I'm going to pour some of the rocks
in again and then I'm going to pour the
dirt in it a little bit actually I'm
gonna have to put a lot in here since
this is a really tall pot and it's only
like this tall so I'm gonna have to put
a lot in
a little bit more now a few places that
I like to get popped out I know my
friend I think pick this up for me at
Target this was a gift a housewarming
present I have found some pots that like
good wells actually a lot of the outdoor
pots that I found have been from garage
sales because people just are tired of
those plants or they're moving and they
can't take them so now that that's in
there I'm going to fill up the sides and
then I'm just gonna help this little
guys spread out a little bit so it
doesn't look so small in this pot and
that stuff the sides and it has a whole
new home and I just think this is so
happy because now it has room to grow in
it it just looks so much more beautiful
so I'm gonna put it in the place and I'm
gonna show it to you finished so there
we go that in like probably a few months
will be coming down over the edge so I
love that and I'm gonna be doing the
same thing with this last plant and this
pot but you already know the drill
rocks soil plant spread it out fill in
the rest and you're good thank you so
much for watching this I hope that your
plants just thrive if you have any
questions about your plants let me know
and hopefully I can help you out I made
a lot of mistakes I killed a few plants
when I started doing this so I'd love to
help you avoid killing any plants thank
you so much for watching please
subscribe bye
[Music]