don't you just love the weather in this
country beside misty fog in there I have
a confession i went into the
hairdresser's have a haircut and change
the way i look and it kind of didn't
happen because I realized I can't do it
because I applied my first at all
possible and I won't let the same now
we'll go back and get all the cleaning I
think I've done enough outside blocking
disclaimer I'd actually do all these
things I probably should write down the
first thing that you want to do is check
that udaya be loose food in your mouth
if you can feel it then quite simply you
just rinse second thing you want to do
is make sure to brush is clean all you
really need to do is split the bristles
another good tip is stick it underneath
the hot tap which will get rid of any
bacteria that is growing already on the
toothbrush now for brushing as simple as
brushing may sound it's actually quite
complex for bracelets because you can't
just go brush my teeth I'm done there's
a slight technique to first thing I do
is brush with the bristles facing
upwards going through the brace so you
get in between the brace and the rinse
if necessary if not then brush downwards
with the bristles down all the way
across the ball and then repeat the same
again for the top to the order of
rushing is exactly essential but if you
brush upwards then downward so you can
make sure that everything falls out of
the bottom then you want to work on the
surface of your teeth when you see
little kids brushing they're rushing in
circles on the front of the teams and
that's about all they do after then the
surface of your teeth you on the work on
the bits that you actually eat with in
between the teeth after that you want to
work on the inner side to your team's
the bits that don't actually have the
very song which should be relatively
straightforward the next tip is crucial
if you're like me you suffer from
gingivitis which is to actually brush
the gums it sounds stupid but it
actually does help clear the gingivitis
as long as you don't do it too hard you
do do it too hard you will damage the
gum so make sure it is very gentle you
don't want to check your teeth if you
look in the mirror and they look clean
then you should be happy with it if you
don't think they're clean then go back
and repeat the process
again until you feel happy little extra
things that you might want to do is
floss flossing is really good because it
gets in between the little gaps in your
teeth and can really help clear
gingivitis another thing you may be
given by orthodontist there's a little
brush that's like the Christmas tree now
these are really helpful again like
flossing for getting in between the
teeth and should clear any food that you
have left over another thing I found is
if you buy kids food brushes and instead
of out up toothbrushes are smaller and
the heads can get in and around the
teeth a lot easier the last thing you
want to do is use mouthwash make sure
that is alcohol-free because if it has
outgoing it it is likely to stain your
teeth and that saying that we really
want to avoid that extra little thing
you might want to try a saltwater if you
remember from my videos where I had
teeth removed we salt water to stop the
bleeding but you can also be used to
fight off gingivitis and it works really
effectively if you do it twice a day
once in the morning once an evening that
should work really well and help fight
off any bacteria you have in your mouth
and I'm done talking ray I have no idea
what I'm doing my next for you and
you'll just have to wait and see really
and whatever I do I will see you in that
video