[Music]
everyone insulated everyday gourmet
today I'm going to show you an amazing
scientist recipe I'm going to do like a
Mediterranean style orzo salad very easy
so over here I'm just making a little
bit so I have some boiling water and I'm
gonna borrow my orzo pasta until al
dente about 90 minutes or so so then
they go
so our orzo is cooked I went ahead and
strained it completely so now to that
this is super easy recipe I'm gonna do
half a big cucumber then I'm gonna dice
up here this I'm also gonna do a half of
a green bell pepper yeah very colorful
great for you know barbecue and summer
and spring time when you're outside you
can make it a head which is always
awesome I love doing side dishes you can
make ahead and actually with this you
know the longer it sits the better it
tastes because it's soaks up all that
delicious flavor we're gonna do our
green pepper right in there I'm gonna do
some red onion
it's just kind of thin put as much or as
little red pepper as you urge you can
eat red onion in here as you want like
that I'm also gonna do a bunch of cherry
tomatoes I'm gonna cut in half so when I
was at the grocery store I meant to get
olives kalamata olives but I forgot so
instead of kalamata olives I'm gonna use
just black pitted olives but I would
prefer to use kalamata olives or you can
leave it out the olives I know a lot of
people aren't fan of olives just give a
rough chop to send black olives here
doesn't have to be perfect
they're like big and rustic looking
dishes that in there I also have some
feta some fresh feta I'm gonna cut into
cubes I do like that this up add our
further it in here and then vinaigrettes
just as easy as this is she had to do
that perfect that right in there okay
this just this is so now I'm going to
minced cloves of garlic
right so we minced up our garlic here
I'm gonna go ahead and add it into a
bowl I also have some fresh oregano
which I prefer over dried oregano
personally but if you can't find fresh
and you're in your grocery store then
you can use dried problem so I'm going
to mince this up as well till there's no
large chunks here and oregano goes
really hand-in-hand with Mediterranean
flavors just great herb that's very
underused around here right in here
about a tablespoon of that I'm also
gonna do some red wine vinegar we're
gonna add some Dijon in here just a
little bit it helps emulsify it gonna do
a good amount of salt and pepper it
might look like a lot but we're also
seasoning all of this remember it's a
salt pepper olive oil so I'm just going
to pour this all over our beautiful orzo
salad I'm gonna mix it up well let it
sit for a little while before I eat it
but you can eat it just like this cuz it
is ready to roll how easy is this side
dish and not to mention its colorful
it's beautiful flavorful everything you
could want in a pasta salad that's for
sure I'm beat so we're so salad is done
looks delicious it's so colorful I can't
wait so there you have my mediterranean
orzo salad I hope you like it and don't
forget to subscribe to everyday for me
with weekly for more delicious recipes
[Music]