all right we've got my favorite recipe
going on today with venison and what I'm
making is a smoked garlic venison for
Cabasa okay so here we are again in the
kitchen still I actually just finished
making a summer sausage jalapeno and
cheddar so things look the same that's
why I'm on time next batch I've cleaned
everything up which I've stressed in
every one of my videos is having good
clean quick equipment the next thing
that I always talk about is you start
out with quality meat and it's still
semi-frozen it's thought about a half
inch to an inch inside of there and you
can see the block of venison is still
some of it's coming off but it's still
frozen as well semi frozen and if you've
seen my other videos I apologize for
repeating myself but if somebody just
stumbles on this video first then
they're gonna need to know the little
tricks that I like to talk about the
frozen meat like that will help you keep
the grinder head frozen cool I'm sorry
not frozen keep it cool and I'll stop
your meat from getting gummed up in
there and it just makes the process
cleaner it's also easier to clean out
your equipment if you have a clean sink
and you go straight from grinding into
the sink and clean everything up
cleaning is the worst part of the
process setup is important too I'm
obviously gonna have to stuff some
casings so I need to get my casings out
but I've got my stuff or setup grinder
meat ingredients everything right here
so I can just start here and go flowing
right through the whole process so first
things first cut your meat up and we're
gonna get started to make that happen to
me get yourself a good knife this is a
mundial they're fairly cheap but they
hold a good edge I've said that some
other really
as well you want to cut your meat so
that you're not making the grinder work
too hard this is a LEM LEM made by a
company named LEM big bike grinder
number five and I think it's perfect
size for what I use it for but that
being said the smaller you can cut the
meat into the smaller pieces you can cut
it into the easier it is on the grinder
the longer your equipments gonna last
you so as I'm cutting this I want you to
see this is actually still frozen right
in the middle I can bend it you know but
it's still pretty cold and frozen that's
what's gonna cool the head off
ingredients for this Cabasa is going to
be two tablespoons of regular salt one
teaspoon of marjoram that's the green
stuff two teaspoons of white pepper fine
ground white pepper and 1 teaspoon for
every five pounds of meat I've got five
pounds so 1 teaspoon of number 1 prog
powder right here I've got 1 cup of
nonfat instant milk you keep this
separate because these ingredients here
you want to mix with the water which I'm
going to drop in right now so the salt
and everything has time to time to
dissolve in the water it spreads through
your mixture of the meat better right
here we've got the secret ingredient
this is smoked garlic if you're gonna
smoke garlic you need to make sure you
do it low and slow you need to make sure
that the outside of it dries first or
else you're gonna get a lot of the suit
from your smoker collecting on the
garlic so you want it to be a light
brown color when you're all done but in
this in this Cabasa the smoked garlic
flavor what I'm trying this time is
made it just plain garlic and it's
awesome but I'm just smoking the garlic
I'm not going to smoke the Cabasa I'm
gonna finish it and bring the internal
temp up to 165 in the oven the reason
I'm doing that is because I want this to
taste like a smoky garlic flavor and not
a cabassa that's been smoked so I'm
going for a little bit of different
process and we'll see how much this
smoked garlic is going to permeate the
rest of the meat and maybe I'll just end
up smoking it the rest of the time and
not worrying about it but I just trying
something a little different thing I'm
gonna do for everybody
is I'm gonna time time I'll em this time
this is the big bite grinder it's a
number 5 big bite from lemon excuse me
mm-hmm
just sneezed and it is a 1/4 horse power
0.25 horsepower so 5 pounds of meat a
little bit of smoked garlic and let's
see I've got my stopwatch on and I'm
gonna start right now
[Music]
so you can see little stop it right
there about three and a half minutes and
I was not in any big killing hurry or
anything and it's grounded through there
we got all the smoked garlic mixed in
there and that's all ground up real nice
I was switching back and forth between
the pork and the venison and this batch
is actually not as frozen as the first
batch I just made a video a little while
ago I think I told you about it but it's
not it's not as frozen it's still ice
cold though and you can still see the
condensation on the grinding head so I'm
going to go ahead and put this in the
refrigerator real quick just to keep it
cool and I'm gonna take apart this
grinder get it right into the water if
you don't do that then you got all this
meat juice that starts to thicken and
then quag late and it's really pain in
the neck to get off so let's get that
cleaned up real quick and I'm gonna
start again on the video by now it's
only been well it took what about three
minutes to grind three and a half
minutes to grind that stuff up and it
took me probably not too three minutes
to rinse all that stuff off in the sink
so this is had time for the Cure to
dissolve in there I'm gonna whisk it
around a little bit more then just dump
it right in that was one cup of ice-cold
water
all right we'll start mixing this ship
you can see it looks like a lot of water
but it's going to get tacky it's so
great up and the health pack is soaked
right up we're gonna put our one cup of
nonfat instant milk in right now this is
kind of like a binder that helps it all
stick together when you cook Cabasa you
uh you normally cook it like in a crop I
might brown it on the pink in the pan
first and then put it in a crock pot and
let it cook this kind of helps it all
stay together
now that being said if you when you when
you process this and smoke this sausage
all the sausage is is saying you're
gonna well like summer sausage and
things like that are the same there's
many ways to do it but I shouldn't say
it's the same but you want the internal
temp to reach 165 when you're smoking it
or if you cook it in the oven you want
that internal temp 3 CH 165 now if you
want to I could actually take this and
slice it cold and put it on a cracker
because it's going to be cooked and it's
got the cure in it and it would be the
same as eating like a summer sausage
it's going to be precooked but what I'm
making here is cabassa to go in the
crock pot but if you wanted to eat it
just like summer sausage on a cracker
you could and I think that I'm going to
take some of this and do my cracked
pepper trick which is going to be
another video I'll make today and cover
coat the outside of it with cracked
pepper before I serve it and serve it on
on a cracker but we'll see that might be
a little potent with the garlic in it I
love garlic so it doesn't matter to me
but not everybody likes as much garlic
flavor as I do so you can adjust the
garlic accordingly obviously however you
want I normally make it with about 6
garlic cloves now that's six good-sized
garlic cloves for 5 pounds of meat and
starting to get tacky and that is cold
freezing my hand off but so that's a lot
of garlic six six cloves four five
pounds but when you cook it I like to a
brown at first cook it in some
sauerkraut and let it cook all day
you're getting the sauerkraut into the
sausage and the garlic into the
sauerkraut and at the end of the slow
cooking process in a in a crock pot and
it comes out perfect and so for me
anyways it's too garlicky for a lot of
people but so play with your Mount of
garlic that's what I'm
to spit out this smells awesome
I love garlic
especially the smoke the smokiness I can
smell from this right here we're gonna
be using these collagen round casings
they're 18 inches they're from LEM
they're actually curved it'll come out
just like ring Bologna or cabassa so you
get the authentic look you can use those
casings for summer sausage for anything
it doesn't matter
so there we have it we've got one two
three four blinks about 18 inches and
then one about seven eight inches there
so that's five pounds of meat that's
venison three pounds of venison two
pounds pork lean pork like you saw in
the beginning of the video and I left
the string on one of them I am going to
smoke one of them but they've all got
that smoked garlic in them so the other
ones I'm just gonna process right in the
oven here inside but that'll be done
tomorrow I'm gonna let it sit let the
seasonings get through it let it bloom
or whatever you want to call it I guess
bloom is after the process but just let
it sit and get the the tastes into it I
hope you enjoyed the video thanks for
watching hope it was informative and I
didn't repeat myself too much but
appreciate the support my youtube
channel and it's growing pretty quick
which I'm happy with so thanks to
everybody for watching and one last
thing check out this little basket my
wife made I think it's pretty cool it's
a basket some moss some Christmas
decorations in there little birdhouse
one of my favorite decorations alright
well thanks for watching and we'll see
in the next
[Music]
you