scene one apple cake one I should talk a
little bit about though cast-iron
there's different grades to a cast-iron
and just because it's black and it looks
like it's a cast-iron skillet doesn't
necessarily mean that it's a fantastic
one this this one right here is not a
very good one okay this is a cheap when
it came in a set it's like a twenty
dollar set or something for three you
know and it's it's kind of thin I can
tell it's kind of light it doesn't
really yeah you know this is probably
going to be the very first kind that
you'd see that will crack on you or
break you know and with that being said
I can still make it into a decent pan so
typically some of the best ones are made
in the USA and as long as you end up
getting something like Lodge or
something along those lines you're going
to be fine but there are a lot that come
from China like this one right here
comes from China and how it says
pre-seasoned ignore that or that this
this is a cheap skillet okay but we're
going to turn into something cool that
we can actually use can never have
enough cast iron so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to change the texture of
this by using an orbital sander this is
80 grit sandpaper and it's going to take
me a while but I'm gonna just keep
working this until this texture kind of
goes away this is a little too
aggressive it doesn't have to be as fine
as glass or anything but you do
typically don't want to have a bunch of
pieces like sticking up with a poor cast
so
[Music]
now what I want to do is I'm going to be
using the outside edge of my sandpaper
here and you'll see that we have black
portions and then now we have light
portions and everywhere that you see
black is a low spot and everywhere that
you see something that's bright it's a
high spot and ideally we want to get it
where there's a lot more of the bright
iron being shown then the the so-called
pre seasoning that's on here and just by
from what I've done here compared to
here there's a huge difference already
in texture and I'm gonna spend maybe ten
minutes on this just working it I might
have to change sandpaper but I'm gonna
keep working this until this the skill
it doesn't feel like sandpaper this
feels like sandpaper this might make it
a little easier by taking that dust
okay so I've got the vast majority of
this sanded out and you know the longer
you spend on it the smoother it's gonna
become but in tough areas you can always
come in by hand but a little bit elbow
grease inside there to try to knock down
any of those side points and actually
I'm gonna call that good right there so
now I'm gonna take this into the kitchen
take an SOS pad with hot water and clean
this very very well then dry it very
well
during the time that I'm doing that I'm
going to turn the oven on to the highest
temperature I can do which is about 500
degrees so what I've done is the shelf
underneath the one I'm going to be
putting the panel
I put laid out the luminal foil big
piece so that way you can pick up any
drips and I don't have to worry about
cleaning up the oven so what I've got
right now is this heating up on the fire
I had just got done scrubbing it with an
SOS pad and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pour a little oil inside here and
you don't want to really do too much oil
and also people say what kind of oil
should use typically you want something
with a high smoke point generally what
you want so the first time you do it
it's really to kind of help clean this
as well as when this starts heating up
they call it the pores of the metal but
the metal doesn't really have pores per
se but it opens up and it allows some of
that oil to get in between there and
this is what's creating the nonstick
coating when you put oil on you also
want to make sure that you put it all
over the cast iron and you don't want
big pools of it you want to have a thin
coat and it's okay to do multiple coats
but you don't want to pull it up if you
pull it up you're gonna end up having
sticky mess and that's usually the
biggest problem with people having cast
iron when they're trying to season it on
afterwards it's all sticky and green and
everything like that and it's because
they didn't let it cook long enough they
didn't let it bake long enough for being
the temperature in the hide
but you're long I for they used a really
bad oil or what they ended up doing is
they just simply put too much too much
oil okay and like I said this subject
I'm trying to kind of clean it right now
and you know people will ask the
question all the time what kind of oil
should I use what kind of oil should I
use you know like I said just use some
of that's got a high smoke point almost
any oil will work but at the same time
the reality is it's almost any type of
fat will eventually go rancid so it's
just kind of nature of the beast I mean
generally I use lard okay that's what I
usually use traditionally that's what
people do some people use grapeseed oil
I've seen some people use olive oil of
all things I've seen a lot of people do
stuff like that now I'm using paper
towels which is kind of a no-no okay
because paper towels are not lint free
so I'm gonna take my cast iron set it in
here close it up so this is after about
an hour so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna add another thin coat the oven is
still on this pan is still extremely hot
and I don't know if I've mentioned it
earlier but you want to make sure that
you have some doors open and maybe a fan
going and you can see that this is
pretty clean up so that way the smoke
and everything and the smell doesn't
linger it's like your kitchen in your
your house this can make things stink so
it was in the out so it was in the oven
for about an hour and a half or so maybe
two hours and I had done about three
thin coats on there I'm gonna let this
cool off you can let it cool off in the
oven if you want I'm gonna let this cool
off I'm gonna let this cool off and then
I'm going to check it for stickiness my
hand is here and there's like tons of
heat coming off of it right now
but if it's still a little sticky what
I'll probably end up doing is just
washing it again with a brillo pad
putting another thin coat of oil on
there putting it back in seasoning it
you don't want to have any of the oil
sticky okay so I've got this on the
stove I gave it a little bit of a rinse
and this little portion you can see
where it looks like a little drop came
out where it didn't really bind to the
cast iron so right now I'm super heating
this basically I'm putting this on the
flame I've got this on to a medium-high
heat and I want to bring this past a
smoke point and as soon as it gets a
little bit hotter which is it's pretty
close I've got a little bit of oil here
same thing placing it all across the
bottom I'm using a paper towel which is
not ideal but it'll work it'll be okay
if you just see some lint or something
from it make sure you use a different
type of rag well it looks to me like
it's the oil has dried a little bit or
it's absorbed that's when I'm putting on
a little bit more and I mean I'm just
using what is on this rag it's really
important that this gets very very hot
if it doesn't get hot enough you're
gonna end up having a sticky surface on
the bottom if you put too much oil
you're gonna have a sticky surface on
the bottom I am seeing very very little
smoke come off of this now and most of
it actually is coming off to the sides
it's not coming off to the face of it
anymore
so I'm turning the I turned the fire off
and now I'm just gonna let this set and
cool off we should have a great cast
iron skillet that nothing is gonna
really want to stick to the bottom there
maybe run the outside edges we might get
a little sticky but toward the inside it
should be pretty damn slippery okay so
this is pretty smooth right now and I'm
heating it up I've got it on low and
we're gonna test it a lot of times
people will Crescent their freshly
seasoned cast iron with bacon which is a
good thing just like if you have a wok
or something like that it's good to use
bacon a lot of that extra lard and
everything goes inside and pours let's
throw some broccoli
here everybody that has the cast iron
skillet should also have a lid that kind
of fits over it or slightly inside it to
kind of hold a little thus teaming
luckily for me this lid fits perfect and
this will actually end up helping when
you cook certain things so for instance
if I wanted to kind of steam this I
could put some water in here close it up
and that water will eventually leave but
it will end up creating a bunch of steam
and help cook everything nothing is
sticking it let me kind of evenly place
a lot of this stuff around here for my
egg
putting a little salt on here for the
egg as soon as the egg is about 90%
finished as generally when he will take
it and give it a flip okay
there really wasn't a whole lot of stick
and there was slight sticking right
there which I could really blame on oil
now I'm gonna make something to
compliment that
[Music]
we'll let the moisture from them
potatoes help steam this
[Music]
see out his Brown the last couple of
minutes I'm gonna let this this door
head and kind of cook without the lid on
it I've already eaten the eggs once
again nothing sticking see that that's
how it's done but now it's time to clean
this while it's still hot so just like
before we're gonna put a little oil in
here very little as soon as I feel that
heat and I know that this is hot I can
go ahead and I can put the oil on here
but you want to do it when it's hot you
don't want to put it on a cold pan
because it really doesn't help you any
the more that I use this pan and the
better that I take care of it the better
that the bottom is going to be that
nonstick surface the seasoning and every
now and then you are going to end up
having to re season it just depends I
know that there's been times other
people have used my cast-iron and then
they soaked something in it and rusted
so it forced me to sand it and then re
season it or sometimes somebody might
leave some food inside there that's
acidic and then the same thing you kind
of have to work on certain areas of it
but as long as you're always mindful
about really what you're cooking inside
here how long you leave standing water
in it and stuff like that you shouldn't
really have any problems with it you
know cast-iron will last generations and
generations and generations and it
really is one of the very best cooking
utensils there is out there or cooking
tools I guess you could say but anyway
guys hopefully you enjoyed this video
and you learned a little bit about
seasoning cast iron and whatnot so until
next time talk to you later