hi everyone it's Heather welcome back
into the paper castle I just wanted to
share with all you guys a quick it's
kind of like a marinade but kind of like
a rub for chicken and my husband and I
like spicy food and this is more on the
spicy side so we really like it and it's
really really quick and easy so this is
all that you're going to need for it you
need some black pepper some seasoning
salt I use Lowery's this is without msg
so it won't give you a headache garlic
powder paprika some sugar and then some
olive oil which apparently I need more
but basically what you do is you just
put a teaspoon of each of the dry
ingredients in a bowl and a tablespoon
of olive oil and that's it and what I
have here in this bowl is what I've just
showed you except I've tripled it so
there's three teaspoons of each of the
dry ingredients in here and three
tablespoons of the olive oil and I just
whisk that together
and the good thing about this marinade
is it's one that's it kind of sticks to
the the chicken so you don't really have
to worry about losing any of that flavor
once you take it out of the plastic bag
and you know some marinade you have to
have them on the chicken for you know
hours for it to make any kind of
difference in the flavor but with this
even a half an hour in the fridge and
it's still going to taste great so I
just um we like chicken legs so I've got
two ziplock bags full of chicken legs
and I just split this up and spoon it
over the chicken
hold on it's really trippy actually I'm
just going to pour this over the chicken
yeah that's about half I guess close up
the bag and then my daughter's not here
right now but this is the part that she
likes she likes to massage the chicken
and you know you just kind of work it
all around until everything is covered
throw it in the fridge and you can we
usually grill these it's raining today
so I don't know if he's my husband's
going to outgrow them but you can bake
them too they taste great that way also
so just thought I would share that with
you guys since it's a really quick and
easy recipe and you can also kick it up
and add some cayenne if you want but
it's pretty spicy as it is even my
daughter likes it which is surprising
cuz she doesn't like anything so that's
it I hope you guys enjoyed and I did not
make an eBay video this week I will
hopefully tomorrow or Friday my back was
out this past weekend and this is the
first day I've actually been able to
stand up straight so I will get that out
as soon as I can so thanks for watching
everyone and I'll talk to you soon bye