e
[Music]
how to cut some
vegetables hey welcome to sing and cook
my name is shefer pal Singh SOI and I'm
going to show you how to cut some
vegetables I always hear this from
people Chef what do you mean by Julians
what do you mean by slices what what do
you mean by chopping finely you know
what do you do when you cut so finely
how do you do that so I thought okay let
me show it to people what I'm going to
do today is I'm going to cut Julian of
spinach now you must have gone to
Chinese restaurant and I've had
crackling spinach okay which is finely
cut spinach which is fried sometimes
it's fried directly some chefs have
little bit of cornflour they dust it
with corn flour then they fry it so
there various things that Technologies
or probably methods which chefs use but
how to finely cut them so some leaves of
spinach fold them
up first you need to cut little bit of
the tips of the leaves and then most
important thing have a good quality
knife that's important and
keep it simple don't rush if you don't
know don't rush keep it
simple
slice it finely so it'll automatically
become long threads which is what we
call Julians of
spinach so this is it there you see cut
them absolutely
close but keep focused now let me just
open open them up to show you there you
see nice and long shreds of spinach this
is what is called chulian of spinach now
this you can fry use it as a garnish on
Indian dishes or on Chinese dishes or
you can serve crackling spinach by
frying this up and then season it spread
some sesame seeds on top and serve it so
this is how you do spin Julian once
again
spinach this is my
speed there this is spinach here so see
if you just to garnish this it looks
nice HH next in line is Julian of Ginger
sometimes you go to a restaurant and you
see very fine strips of Ginger and as a
garnish that comes on Indian CES or
something that or for that matter pickle
Ginger when you see it in Japanese food
so first and foremost you need to
identify Ginger which has got at least
this
long piece is very important so like
this one so I've taken this piece which
is long and you need to cut it into a
rectangle yeah
this is what you see nice rectangle that
I've cut there is some skin on top for
which when you're using such a ginger
you need to wash it properly so what I'm
going to do is you don't throw away the
triming you can use that as a paste for
your curries okay so here very fine
slices
first
carefully now when the last piece is
left just leave it like that and arrange
these slices properly you see you get
nice rectangle slices and then
slowly cut strips like this slowly if
you are learning do it
slowly there you see now what you get is
nice strips of ginger now if you keep
this ginger in vinegar the sharpness of
This Ginger will go and it becomes nice
and palatable it also turns pink that's
the beauty of Ginger so in Indian dishes
when you garnish This Ginger you don't
garnish them directly you put it in a
little vinegar it becomes more palatable
and more tasty so I am just showing you
how to cut Julian of Ginger here and how
to use them if you were to use it
directly like this you need to put
little vinegar in This Ginger soak them
in vinegar rather for around half an
hour plus and if it is done overnight
then the ginger becomes real tasty yummy
absolutely so Ginger you've seen carrots
very important so first carrots you need
to peel carrots how do you cut julan of
carrot that me me show that to you also
you can use the slices and stocks if you
make it at home
otherwise you can use it if you make lot
of them you can use it to make some
juice at home or just blend it make it
into your puy and add it into the
curries nonetheless everything should be
used so peel carrot first remember for
me I must show you the basic also
cut a small slice so that it holds you
know okay so it holds onto the chopping
board then there you
go thin
slices
there wow look at this now you need to
just spread it up okay you can use them
just like that nice Le you can use it
for garnish if you want to but I'm
showing you how to make Julians so just
spread it up nicely
and needs to be very important hold it
properly good quality knife is important
so what you get is nice mat sticks as
you see see beautiful now this can be
used for garnishing or any kind of
Chinese
dishes slowly slowly absolutely slowly
there you go
beautiful wow look at
this beautiful in the same manner I'll
show you how to make Julians of cabbage
because this is something which is used
mostly for Chinese cooking okay so a
small piece of cabbage very important
cut the Cabbage like what I've done
remove
the outer leaves which are generally
bruised because of travel in the market
they're not handled properly so what you
need to do is cut this stem off this
stem off you need to cut it off like
this okay and just throw it
away what you need to do
is divide this into two press it so that
it's easier to make Julian
simple things but very important to
learn so what you need to do next
is this is how you would cut Julian of
cabbage there you go wow look at this
so easy HH for me for you do it slowly 1
2 1 2 1 2 that's the way you need to do
it how you learn dancing that's the way
you learn make Julian of cabbage so this
is how you make Julian of cabbage and
this you could use for making Haka
noodles for making coold SLA for making
cabbage salad anything that you
feel
there finally little garnishing I'm not
big expert but I'm trying to show you
how you can make good things out of
simple elements so this is a carrot
peeled up now hold it nicely I'll make
four slices like this four trimmings one
2
3 4 so four
slices which makes it into a nice little
cone now from the place that you make
the slices from top of that there you go
very thinly don't have to remove this
need to hold it up here okay same way
now as you come down you need to bring
the point of The Knife
Down okay you can't do it from here as
you bring it down you need to push your
knife bring it here like once again you
see
here there you
go and in the last just twist it wow
look at this
look at this nice little FL simple for
the next one you again need to
trim once again so that it becomes nice
and
long there you go
and
one
2 3
four all you need to do is take the tip
and
slowly slowly cut right at the bottom
and try to twist it if it doesn't then
you need to
further put small little insertions here
so that it trims off from the base of
the carrot so once again there you go
beautiful simple things you see it's
important
that's why I'm showing you at times I
always get this request Chef please show
us how to garnish good food so that's
the reason I'm making an effort
today there you go one more pretty
simple but it's all there and don't
throw this away use this in all your
vegetables mix vegetables your stocks
that you make in hotels or at home so
very simple things but this is how you
do some kind of food cutting that I've
shown you now you will not have so much
of trouble garnishing or cutting at home