hi folks in this video I want to tell
you why you really need to get the right
equipment when you start off in the
t-shirt printing industry and I can show
you the pitfalls which you're going to
come across if you buy an inferior heat
press let's take a look at my when I've
got my one switched on here at the
moment we just show you how reliable and
how constant this machine is now what
drew this to my attention the reason why
I'm doing this video is because on one
of my workshops my stood two students I
had come down for a day's workshop
wanted to actually bring their heat
press down because they've bought some
equipment off of ebay and they was
trying to get stuff doing there was
trying different times different papers
different temperature settings and
nothing seemed to be working so they
asked me to take a look at their heat
heat press and I'll show you on my one
what I found with my one and I'll show
you and tell you what we found on their
one so let's just take a look at my one
and see what we got it right well as you
can probably see here my temperature as
you can see over there on the control
panel over there is up to 190 degrees
centigrade that is the temperature that
set and what I've got here is a little
handheld thermometer and what I'm going
to do is just shine the laser beam in
the middle of the heat plate and just
register what temperature we've got
there
if I do that here we go and if I show
you there we've got a temperature of 187
degrees which is virtually the right
temperature and that is right in the
center of the heat press and if I go to
the edge of the heat press you can see
there the temperature is 193 degrees so
plus or minus two or three degrees the
whole temperature of this heat play is
constant now the reason for that being
is that when you pop when you're buying
a premium piece of equipment like the
heat press I've got here which is
obviously very expensive
you're paying for an element which
covers the whole of the heat plate hence
you're getting an even coverage of heat
temperature across the whole thing
now as I say my earliest problems I had
with a heat press when I stayed in the
seashell industry was again buying a
cheap the heat press not this one I had
a cheap man which again which I sauce
from eBay I think it was from the Far
East it wasn't a branded name and I had
similar problems to what my pupils had
which was peeling the when you peel in
the actual transfer paper off the the
transfer wasn't actually sticking and
all that sort of stuff not drive like
there in various different temperatures
and nothing seems to work
and anyway so then I went out and bought
this one and I've not looked back since
but as you can see there this is a
constant temperature now when I've done
the temperature readings on the one
which my students are bought again I've
done just white shows you there I tried
it in the middle just like I'm doing
there and their temperature was roughly
the same what it said on the digital
display we said we said if 190 for
example and they come up to nearly 190
well I shined it on the outside edge
like that their temperature showed 69
degrees C so basically what that was
indicating was that there might have
been a heating element right in the
center but out towards the end of the
planter there was no eating element and
it wasn't radiating the heat to the full
plate so as a result of that the outside
temperature is nowhere near hot enough
for 20 outer sides of the actual heat
press and that was the problem and that
is the problem you get with cheap heat
presses so although I learnt my lesson I
went out without actually knowing and
spent about a thousand pounds on this
little baby here and then sold my
problems it was actually really
interesting to find out off of someone
who was having a similar problem with a
cheap unbranded heat press which they
spent about free
pounds from on eBay and actually getting
the temperature gun and getting an
actual temperature reading of the center
and the outside of the planter and that
was the problem so that is one thing
just to bear in mind I mean you go and
buy one of these about 15 pounds or
whatever I don't know what the prices in
dollars but so that's just a simple
infrared heat gun and that will full
diagnose all your problems I mean if
you've actually got heat press and
you're messing about with trying to
different temperatures and you're ending
up scolding the shirt in places and
stuff like that which I've actually done
in the past as well then for the sake of
wearing out by my name for about 15
pounds just check your temperature on
your heat plate and that will give you
the actual indication of what your
problem is is it your main piece of
equipment and no matter what temperature
settings you try also or durations and
you're just trying to fathom out things
which you really haven't got any control
over because this is the main factor
which has to remain constant and that is
your heat press now that's that and
never feel I want to show you now if you
can't afford one of these estate to buy
the industry standard one something like
this is going to cost you a lot of money
not unless you don't buy one off eBay
secondhand and I'm always wary I mean
the people who live who brought this
heat press down actually went to eBay
and bought a job lot of equipment from
someone saying that the inanimate
packing up their business or moving
abroad or whatever the reason was and
what make what they sold is one of these
they sold a market press and they sold
loads of different small clippings of
vinyl and stuff like that now to my way
of thinking
if someone's buying little sheets of
vinyl paper and they've got those sample
sheet so to speak and they also had
loads of samples of different types of
media like printing on tiles and butter
bibs or whatever a little little Isis
keyrings and stuff like that lighters
and it wasn't stuff which Dave was
actually buying and selling it looks
like they bought a lot of gear tried to
actually get going
realized that their heat press was
inferior and decided to put it back on
eBay for someone else to buy now if
that's somebody else is you without
having the proper information and
knowledge about what
you there you're just going to be
wasting threader half under the 400
pounds thinking you're getting a whole
lot of equipment cheap off of someone
who say that they do done it
professionally where basically they're
just passing it down to someone else who
hasn't got any common sense
so we've I've just shown you there for
the sake of a little 15 pound check with
your own equipment you can check if
you've been down the road and you don't
know what your problem is and you think
you're going to give up just showing the
heat go on the sender and the outside of
your planter and if you get in a big
temperature temperature differential
then you know that's your problem anyway
back to what I was going to show you as
I said if you can't afford one on them
let me turn out from it that doesn't
mean to say that you can't get into the
t-shirt business I've shown you this
before in one of my other videos this is
my actual head press now again these are
a lot lot cheaper and it's only got a
small heating element there now okay
fair enough you can't do full across the
chest images on a t-shirt but it doesn't
mean to say that you can't do a breast
logo for example or even put a logo on a
sleeve there for example and I'm just
going to turn this one on from an
Atlanta temperature roll just let that
warm up for a second also being small
Rhett also heat up a lot quicker I'll
just show you the sort of things that
you can do I mean here's one which this
is a sleeve of a t-shirt for example
again you can put logos on like this for
example on an unnatural sleep that's on
the side of a sleeve obviously now what
I've done with this one this one if you
can see that it's it's got two types of
vinyl on there we've got a lock of
velvety type vinyl and around the
outside then these letters I don't know
if you can see that it's actually like a
raised they call it puff vinyl so you
can actually get a lovely little
textured motif or whatever and these
work very well on sleeves or on breast
pocket logos if you're going to do polo
shirts as well and all this was done on
this little machine here so you know you
don't have to have the big full size
heat press
just to get yourself going if you're
really restricted for money and you
can't afford the the thousand-pound
machine which I've got over there for
example and all you basically do I mean
on my vinyl cutter we just carry a few
shapes for example this is the PUF flex
now sorry this is the flock vinyl again
I just put this through our crown cutter
and just replicated this shape and
printed em upon a sheet of a4 transfer
paper are then printed in a separate
color like a circle type shape in a
different color again and the little
caption over the top or whatever you
want to write already have a motif or
whatever but then on a separate sheet
again so I've got basically three
separate components they're all printed
all cut out on a4 sheets of paper now as
you probably know now again I've got
different color for metals it I've got a
gold code flock there I've got so many
different tops there red red glitter
first of all it all what's this one here
sky-blue flock us another flop for
middle there's another a very glittery
one there that's another one little I've
got what we got here don't see when I
went off it there's a puff funnel and
there's another but I think that's
another platform as well so you know you
can buy me the big rolls on like this
and then just come to 84 size on a
little craft cutter if you've only got a
little craft cutter I've I've done all
these on an a4 craft cutter as you know
and they're just kinda to go so if I
want to assemble one of these onto a
logo of a shirt sleeve I'll do that now
I'll just cat one of each and then we'll
actually press one onto this seizure
right a heat press is actually reading
160 now on little gauges so let's just
see what it's actually reading on the
actual meter as you can see there it's
registering 165 there and towards the
edge of the actual
the plans in there where are we
it's really in 161 so near enough in
tolerance a lot smaller place so
obviously it's easier to heat up heat up
this smaller area there so what I'm
going to do now I've got two types of
material as you know I've got the light
red flock which is 170 degrees C at 15
seconds so what I'm going to do first of
all is to get more little t-shirt a
little test t-shirt which we've done and
we're going to do the other sleeve so if
I just line that up on the heat press
that way around I'll just give that a
quick preheat pre-press only five six
five or so seconds and just lift up that
gives us a nice even area there and
we're ready to go so what I'll do first
of all I'll put the flock on them in the
middle now to say if it won't stay down
that's not a problem because all you can
do is use some of this some type this
heat heat tape to just to put it across
there if you wanted to but initially I
think that's going to be okay so I'm
just going to press that now for 15
seconds and that's yeah you could also
put your chemistry over the top and then
press so we'll hold that down for 15
seconds now as I say this one it's just
a hat press at the end of the day it's a
lot lot cheaper than buying one of them
big heat presses if you haven't got that
money but at least you can get going and
do breast logos or a little sleeve logos
like this one
so I'll lift that up now again this is a
cold pill product so just let that cool
down for a second I'm not really too
worried about this as I say because
we're going to also press it again in a
second but erm that's okay so let's just
pull that off so there's our first layer
done that is our flock so what I'm going
to do now is I'm going to get one of me
little circles I've cut out and put that
over the top of me logo just position
that correctly like that and I'm also
going to get me as you see there let's
start to pop up not a problem just get
some heat tape and put it down in
position Behe tape not a problem at all
go on the other side there you go so
that's now in position and I'm just
going to put these letters around the
top of that which rkr again I'll just
cut the mylar to get the curve there but
say you never worry he's already printed
out basically so I'll put that on there
like that again I'll just just for
safekeeping or I will put that across
there like that and that just holds it
in place now this stuff is what you call
puff flicks and this is a heart of the
52nd degrees at 15 seconds and then you
turn the actual garment over and you
then press it again for another 10
seconds now what that does as you know
at the moment this puff for when
everything is on that hard faceplate
there so once it's done its 15 seconds
and it's stuck we'll turn it over cuz
the bottom of this is soft and when you
press it again the actual raised
lettering is able to sink in a little
bit to this soft pad there and that's
what gives it the puff of X so I'm just
going to put over there I have a choice
any temperature settings bar well just
left as it was
and we're going to do the 15 seconds
press down what we said that the initial
first press was going to be on this
slip out right there and all I'm going
to do is remove that off for the heat
press like that and then basically just
turn you over so we're pressing on the
other side there we go so I can fill it
out underneath then just do that for 10
seconds and then lift it up take it off
the plant turn again they're both cold
pill products so I'm just going to wave
that about a little bit and go to peel
it off
and as you can see there one lovely
press logo and if I can just I
definitely made that sort of flat for
you can you see that it is you should be
dizzy there there we go
that's actually raised letters the
middle part is velvet or flock vinyl and
these are actually rise letters so that
is how long did that tighten there's a
side that is on a sleeve of the garment
so you can actually do a t-shirt this is
one of these test t-shirts by the way
and as you can see they look actually
quite nice on a sleeve on the cuff of a
t-shirt and that is basic just vital
using different types of oil which we've
got there now again if I wanted to put
one as a breast logo there that's not a
problem at all I do exactly the same and
just lay it down and do it on that there
so let's just utilizing a craft cutter
and just making a few templates you can
change the colors at any time you want
basically they've all got to be in these
colors I've chose because your your your
sheets are in your actual software
cutter software you just put I could put
a blue one in for example I could put a
blue paper in a cup where blue logos or
anything like that or change this for
metallic flex or whatever it doesn't
matter but you can do it all on the Hat
press for logos all idents on your
things there or tags on the back of
colors and stuff like what people like
and it's a cheaper way to start
basically so if I just show you that
anyway but don't think it what said
about any purse if you have got heat
press if you're going to go for heat
press to do the falling which is like
what we've got on this feature here for
example full size images and there's a
logo on the back of that mug for example
yes you can only the full heat press but
if you're only going to concentrate on a
polo shirts and putting the logos on use
these vinyls they so it's not just a
white vital they're all different
textures in that and you can actually
see there that makes quite a nice little
logo there but just by utilizing two
different colors for example anyway
there you go hope you enjoy that one
speech again soon