as you can see from the laundry pile up
we've been having trouble with the
washer is a Kenmore 80 series heavy-duty
super capacity in blah blah blah and
kill it there and so what it was doing
is it would churn chug and do its thing
and everything would be perfect and
perfect until that's clawed right there
I was sure I'm sure it was a switch but
it was intermittent my wife would tell
me the washer stopped and I'd come in
here stupid and washer to work fine so
I'd look at her like she's crazy and
then it happened a little more often a
little more a little more often well
turns out if you work in more than that
it's right here okay
and I don't know if mounting attachments
or something of come loose I saw a video
of a YouTube guy who's mounted broke and
moves mine don't appear to because I can
reach in there and grab the switch and
it's firmly mounted I think what
happened somehow possibly related to a
three year old at the time is that the
lid got twisted all I know is that I
went out there and I went like this and
then it worked perfectly and has done so
now we get a churn through the pile of
laundry so that's my recommendation turn
the thing off you know maybe this
gentleman certainly has a point and his
switch was all broken reach in here I
mean you should unplug this right do as
I say not as I do and give the thing a
little wiggle on its mounting and
there's a protective because I got just
a protective plastic tab thing there and
then you've got a mousetrap II sort of
flapper panel thing and then that
activates the switch which is actually
mounted back here see if yours is loose
if yours is loose enough to pull it pull
that pull that
their screw there this thing flips up
two pins and then this whole thing
hinges but mine was tight and I think
what somehow is a you know use and abuse
it just got twisted
maybe maybe somebody leaned on it I know
I have kneeled on it once or twice
because that's how you get up into the
attic so if I had kneeled on it right
there climbing up into the attic I could
have easily you know put just this
little taco shape in there right now
I'll hook I'm doing some one-handed now
is that and she works perfect
it's nice it's uh I'm glad I want to put
money into something around here