hello welcome to Texas style cuisine I'm
chef Johnny and once again I'm back
inside my classroom making sausage and
what are we making today guys paulus
cookie Alaska so a polish kielbasa
sausage
[Music]
tell you what if you like making sausage
if you like grilling sausages are
cooking anything out on the grill
barbecue and you're at the right channel
go down there and subscribe it and hit
that up hit that Bell so you get
informed every time that I have a new
video up but also if you like to play
the chef cooks and the kitchen showing
you some fine details of how to do that
chef work I got someone out on my
channel awesome so remember to subscribe
this channel and we're going to get to
show you how to make this sausage now we
have everything cold right to keep our
fat solid nothing so the dryness pink
cold we got an ice bath that are our
test pans in we've got our meat in the
freezer so it's nice and nice and
chilled and we're going to get to
grinding this up so let's turn on our
Kitchen Aid and it's not a whole lot we
got four pounds of pork shoulder a pound
though right all right so we're gonna
get ready start grinding this stuff up
y'all go to big jobs his first time
right alright so with so long we're
gonna mix our seasonings in first so to
everybody what we're dropping in our
kielbasa alright so here we got some
salt kosher salt what's your song
alright two tablespoons about you
alright yeah we got some black pepper
tablespoon of black pepper
now what's one in next we got a total
spoon of margarine mark drunk marjoram
about right
we got some sugar salt sugar
okay go bit of sugar we're talking about
a tablespoon of sugar you want to put in
some fresh garlic some fresh garlic pop
looks like about four tablespoons yeah
okay you always have that small dice
yeah now that's the way then we're going
to stir this up real good
go ahead talk and get that start in the
mix good alright let's turn on our
grinder wispy about three or four
and maybe you like to push all just what
kind of get it down in this which one
meet up ahead
now we're just gonna put our up hogs gut
up on top of our our casing it's a
little nicer color KC there's a slide
down to the horn of our stuffer and then
we'll fill our stuffer with our
forcemeat gonna push our beat down until
it's at the tip of our or our it's
almost there and pull down my casing I
just pull a loop in the end and then I
run my tag in back through that loop and
pull it tight that way it doesn't slip
out so that's ready to make a sausage
can I just take my little prick and I
poked a hole in it
and what that does it lets any air out
so come give these guys a look at how
it's gonna look and I just start
cranking slowly and my handbrake legs
how fast how fast it comes off the horn
you don't want to fill it up so tight
that you pop it or you cannot twist it
to make your links
put your right hand here okay maybe it's
kind of that regulates how fast oh come
off that more okay
not too slow
fast those
rolling it up down
you
all I'm gonna do against I'll take my
little metal prick again and anywhere I
see a air bubble I'll come in here poke
it this one actually looks pretty good
not too many we're gonna make some big
links out of these so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna measure all the way across
mine's my sheet pan I'm gonna pinch it
off do it again pinch it off and then I
can just flip it and roll it that way
all right
the same way again I'll use this as a
measurement one time two times and roll
it up
how many times you would use
it's all three or four times if you roll
it three or four times it'll be it'll be
planning and you always roll it opposite
directions so if you go forward one time
the next time you go backwards the other
way go forth that way you won't unravel
if you do them all the same way they
want to unravel so there we go
we're gonna have one two three four five
six seven nice links out of them fill up
with five pounds of pork so those are
just about oh and about what 3/4 of a
pound a link back a little bit more so
good size good size sausage link they
look nice if we were going to smoke them
we would have added our curing agents
when we add in our seasonings but we
didn't do that because this could be a
fresh sausage we're going to put these
out and cook them on the circle be
cooked to temperature and not slow smoke
which would have affected that so we
really wind this up thanks for stopping
by Texas style cuisine we appreciate it
if you enjoyed seeing these young men
help me make some pasta kielbasa what
y'all need to do is go down there and
give us a thumbs up we always do
appreciate that remember to subscribe my
channel tell your friends a family about
us know what's going on on Texas top
cuisine sheriff's on your social media
and we'll see you down the road on Texas
style cuisine sitting by the wagon when
Sun come up this morning bacon eggs and
coffee biscuits and bean cookie strikes
the bell and he rings the world
how the Mo's put food away beats all
I've ever seen