hemorrhoids can be very distressing for
the cause not only pain but also
discomfort altering the quality of your
life they don't only burn hurt an itch
anyone who has them knows that if left
untreated
sooner or later hemorrhoids will start
to bleed often leaving you unable to
pass your stool comfortably there are
ways you can find relief from
hemorrhoids using simple home remedies
without having to undergo painful
prodding at hospitals or paying massive
medical bills here's how Oh first what
you can do is increase fiber and water
and bake fibra is the nutrient
responsible for smooth bowel movements
and since most hemorrhoids are caused
due to irregular and painful passing of
stool increasing your fiber intake will
go a long way towards helping you pass
your stool comfortably without rupturing
your hemorrhoids or causing pain or
bleeding similarly water will hydrate
your stool and help it pass easily
without making you strain
second use eyes as pain reliever if the
pain or stemming from your hemorrhoids
is particularly bad you can soothe it by
using ice packs to numb the pain and
give you relief from the burning don't
place the ice directly on the skin cover
the ice pack in cloth and then use it to
soothe your rectum
lastly use aloe vera using chilled aloe
vera has proven to be a very effective
soothing treatment when it comes to
hemorrhoids aloe vera leaves are easy
accessible everywhere and one big leaf
should last you awhile put it in the
fridge and cut of a smooth chunk to hold
against your skin every time the burning
gets bad aloe vera is known to suppress
swelling and rashes and will instantly
provide relief get more information on
how to treat the hemorrhoid by go to the
link below