you
[Music]
hi and welcome to uncle Scott's kitchen
today I'm going to show you how to clean
the pin screens building majestic stove
with range hood now these things do get
filthy particularly if you do a good bit
of frying and there's not a whole heck
of a lot to taking them out all you do
is reach up push in the tab take it
right now okay so at this point we have
our screen cover off you can feel the
grease on these are actually pretty
disgusting so know that you have your
screen out at this point most people
just take these and pop them in the
dishwasher
however I use this cascade platinum in
my dishwasher and one time I put this
metal lid in with it see this I have no
idea what's in cascade platinum but it
did this to metal now the Procter &
Gamble's credit I did write them it's in
a picture of what happened they said be
a good one for three dollars off good
for them if you know anything about bass
notes you know they are very expensive
and I just don't want to take the chance
doing something like this to this
because no tell them what it would cost
to replace so what I do is take the
dishwashing link with the cuts grease I
used on its gonna dunk on it there
plenty of others and I feel sick with
hot water but all the screens down in
there let it soak for an hour's
wipe them down spray them off I'm back
so as you can see the screens don't trap
all the grease so while you have them
out soaking and cleaning them now it's a
good time to give the rest of the hood
of wipe down as well well here they are
all nice and clean I soaked him the hot
water with some grease cutting
dishwashing liquid wipe them down spray
them off now there's good as new
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]