when we started our finished basement
project we talked about the need to make
sure there's no excess moisture in your
basement and to deal with those prior to
finishing we also talked about the need
to seal cracks and joints in the slab to
contain radon gases as well as to help
contain moisture below the slab the
highquality caul won't solve your
moisture problems but it can slow down
moisture intrusion from below if you're
installing carpet you may want to
consider applying a good quality
concrete sealer to the floor prior to
installing one last thing you may want
to consider depending on your location
is an insulating product below your
flooring okay guys so the carpet guys
are supposed to be finished today they
were here they got most of the carpet
done on the main level but the stairs
they actually ran out of material so
things don't always go perfectly
apparently the guy that came out did the
estimate and uh didn't measure quite all
everything that was here so um they're
going to be back tomorrow
so but the stuff that they did do we're
going to want to go through it today
check it make sure that everything's
100% we're going to check the seams make
sure those are nice and tight we're
going to check all the way around the
baseboard make sure they didn't you know
create any damage that they shouldn't
have um you know there's always going to
be some rough spots on the baseboards
because of the way they lay the carpet
in but um in this case we're going to
check make sure there's no excessive
damage no paint excessive paint damage
um you know again we'll make sure
everything's tight all the all the seams
are good and um uh make sure that the
transition at the doorway are where
they're supposed to be so let's go take
a
look okay so the nice thing about this
space that we've got here in this
basement is that it's just under 12T
wide the good thing is most carpet comes
in 12T widths since the carpet's 12T
wide um and the room is just slightly
less than that we've got very little
waste and we really only have one place
that's going to have a seam and that's
right here by the doorway um you know
obviously that's not a good place to put
a seam but what I told the guys when
they showed up was I definitely want
this to look perfect perfect this has to
be the best seam that you've ever done
because we are going to get a lot of
traffic here going up the stairs so um
if you can't really see it there but
it's very difficult to find the seam
they did a absolute perfect job on it so
um you know if if ever right when a seam
is first made you're going to see that
tape um gives that section of carpet a
little bit more thickness so you're
going to see it a little more but as you
vacuum it and as you you know walk
across it it has a tendency to lay back
down in this case they trimmed it up
they vacuumed it and it looks great when
you're bidding out your finished
basement be sure to review the seam
locations from each of the biders and
make sure that before you actually sign
a contract with a subcontractor to do
your carpet make sure that you like the
locations of the seams and if not talk
about other uh possible alternatives for
locations the other thing we want to
check is to make sure that at all door
transitions or doorways we've got the
carpet where we want it to be we we also
want to make sure that our installer has
provided us with transition strips that
are appropriate for the location in this
case we've only got one door in our
finished basement that goes to the
unfinished area and our installer has
used a a basically a brushed looking
Chrome transition strip which comes
close to matching our other Hardware
throughout our finish basement it's also
a good idea to check the padding that
was installed to make sure it's the
quality thickness and style that you had
requested believe it or not in the
houses I've built more on more than one
occasion have I had the wrong padding
installed so definitely you want to take
a look and make sure that uh the right
one has been installed for your project
it's also common to have some damage or
Nicks and marks on the baseboards after
the carpets installed just based on how
they do it but we just want to make sure
at this point there's nothing excessive
with our
installation one other thing we talked
about during a trim carpentry quality
check is that the base molding have been
left up 38 of an inch and that allows
our carpet guys to stretch the carpet
and then tuck it underneath the
baseboard which makes a nice clean
finished look and as we go around the
basement here we can see everything's
nice and tight there's no gaps at the
walls so it it really makes a nice
finish well that does it for our quality
check for carpet for our finished
basement we're going to go ahead and
call in our final building inspection
for our basement and uh get ready to
start moving in our stuff for