hi my name is Clarice lamb I'm the chef
and owner of the baking being in New
York City and I'm going to teach you how
to make fruit and cream filled puff
pastry so I have my puff pastry dough
right here flour the surface flour the
top I'm going to flour my rolling pin
and I'm just going to roll it out
starting from the center and pushing it
out going back to the center and pushing
in rotating center out Center in you're
going to keep doing this until you get
to 1/8 of an inch in thickness and I
think that's it so now I've got my puff
pastry dough already so I've got two
circle cutters this time ah ah - so
you're going to take your big circle
cutter and you're just gonna cut as many
as you can fit on your sheet of puff
pastry so I'm going to peel away the
excess puff pastry and you know if it's
being a little bit stubborn just give it
another another stamping so however many
big circles you cut just remember that
you're actually going to get half of
that so I've cut 4 that means I'm gonna
get 2 because what you're going to do is
you're going to take the little circle
cutter and place it in the center of
half the amount of total circles you
have and then just stamp it out so
you're actually creating a ring here
like this if you take this out then
you've got a nice little ring I'm going
to do that to this other one stamp it
again and take out the center so I've
got two rings and two bases it's going
to form a little nest for our puffs or
for pastry cream and for our fruit
that's going to go in there okay so now
I have my egg wash this egg wash is one
egg and a little bit of water all mixed
up so you're going to take your pastry
brush just go around the sides
of your disks and this is going to be
the glue for you to stick your rings on
top now I'm going to take these rings
and carefully without altering the shape
put it right on top of your base and
just Pat it down lightly so that it
sticks same thing with the second one so
now all you're going to do is transfer
these to your baking sheet lined with
parchment paper so one more brush over
with the egg wash just around the ring
part guys not in the center's and not
too much either so just be very careful
you just want this to have a nice shine
and a nice color
the final thing before these guys go in
the oven is I'm going to take my trusty
fork and I'm going to prick the base of
the puff pastry so that the steam will
release through the air holes that I'm
going to create with this fork just
through the base prick some holes not
leave the ring alone that's the part
that's going to be visible and then this
guy can go in the oven 350 degrees 10 to
15 minutes and we'll take it out and
then this guy can go in the oven 350
degrees 10 to 15 minutes and we'll take
it out so I have my puff pastry shells
that I've taken out of the oven and
we're going to finish making our fruit
and cream filled puff pastry so this is
some pastry cream that I've made up made
earlier and I'm just gonna stir this up
so that's nice and smooth so this looks
nice and smooth now I'm just going to
take a spoonful and just put it inside
our little cavity right here that we've
created try to be neat with it want it
to look pretty and then the same thing
with other guy now you have two pastry
cream filled nests ah now I've got two
strawberries and guess where these are
gonna go right on top just like that
pretty look at these guys how pretty and
adorable and delicious this is how to
make fruit and cream filled puff pastry
shells
I'm Clarisse Lam from the baking bean in
New York City thank you for watching and
happy munching to you um nom nom nom nom
you