[Music]
hey guys I am Maria Antoinette and I am
super excited to be back here on HGTV
handmade I am going to be showing you
how I make my Mexican street corn in a
skillet all right guys here's what
you're going to need you're going to
need 2 oz of ktia cheese which is
Mexican parmesan you're going to need
about a half a cup of finely chopped
cilantro you're going to need one lime
Juiced okay so about a medium size which
to give you about 2 tblspoon you're
going to need 1 tbsp of vegetable oil
you're going to need 1 teaspoon of chili
powder you're going to need one can of
mild chilies and you're going to need 2
tbspoon of mayonnaise and of course you
can always salt to taste and for the
star of the show you're going to need
six ears of fresh corn all right guys
it's time for me to cut the kernels off
the cob here's a great tip take one
large bowl and take a smaller bowl and
put it inside upside down the ridge in
the smaller Bowl is going to be the
perfect size to hold and secure the corn
on the cob so that you don't have any
kitchen
[Music]
injuries all right so our corn is cut
off the cob and ready to go now it's
time to cook this beautiful dish I'm
going to start by heating 1 tblspoon of
vegetable oil over medium high heat so
the first step is to place the
corn oh he that Sizzle and we're going
to just let that cook down for 2 to 3
minutes the whole concept here is to get
that charred effect on each kernel so
after 2 to 3 minutes it's very important
to flip the corn not stir it look at the
bright yellow coming out from the
kernels always spreading the corn so
that it's even on the heat all right
we're going to let that side cook for
another 2 to 3 minutes all right guys so
we're on our final and last flip look at
that charge
can you I wish you guys could smell this
there's nothing like pan seared fresh
corn smells amazing all right we are
ready to add in the rest of our
ingredients I am going to start with my
mayonnaise 2 tablespoons mild
chilies cilantro now this one I like to
kind of just gauge just to see the green
pop in there some people don't like a
lot of cilantro and some people do but
you can always add this as a garnish my
lime juice teaspoon of chili powder
guys oh this looks
amazing and cotilla
cheese I think I'm going to put a little
bit more chili
powder and a little bit more
cilantro this looks like a fiesta
with everything mixed together it's
ready to serve let me give it a
taste so good you guys all right let me
get this on the table but before I run
off to do that make sure you comment
down below is Mexican street corn one of
your favorites I would love to hear from
you guys also if you use this recipe
please use # HGTV handmade make sure to
check out my other videos for more
Fiesta inspiration and uh I'll see you
guys in the next video
[Music]
oh
[Music]