this is the restorative medical cock-up
we make these in sizes from newborns
toddler all the way up to adult sizes up
small medium and large we also can make
it an extra-large always assume
restorative medical if you don't see it
on our website or in our catalog that we
make it or we will be happy to make it
for you one of the nice things about
manufacturing here in the United States
and Brandenburg Kentucky we're just
south of Louisville and by doing that we
have the flexibility to customize to
make different sizes to do different
strapping to tweak things in just a
little different way to make it exactly
what your patient needs that's another
difference in orthopedic and restorative
you can pretty much depend on your
orthopedic patients conditions being
similar you know you have a blown at me
you have knee surgery of hip surgery you
have whatever's going on hand surgery
but with restorative you never know
quite what condition your patient will
be found in sometimes they're
contractures their deformities are so
overwhelming that we have to stop back
and step back and just take one step at
a time but the up is very simple
it's very comfortable it doesn't have
metal stays in it it's not material
horse fabric that's going to give you
sores in the web space of your thumb
it's very comfortable it's very padded
this is actually an outlast fabric and
we use it on our hand splints it's a
thermal regulating material that was
designed with NASA for the astronauts
spacesuits to try to maintain a
continual temperature so it is
manufactured at a certain degree
centigrade
go through a phase change basically if
your hand heats up it will release
energy our little story energy and cool
you down if your hand cools down it will
release that energy and warm you up
through a phase change so it's quite
exciting and since hands are so sweaty
especially with some of our neurological
problems spinal cord injuries for
example they sweat a lot so the object
of the up most of the time is to
put you in about a 30 degree up at
the wrist this is typically for carpal
tunnel syndrome where you have an area
in here that is inflamed and in order to
take the pressure off at and allow it to
relax you want to the wrist up and
we've done very well with these we have
people that even just sleep in them and
find them very beneficial if we can
prevent surgery which we know we have
and that's very exciting you simply wrap
the straps around and you have free
function of your fingers and thumb but
it does hold your wrist at a nice cocked
up advantage if it's comfortable to
sleep in you can wear it around the
house you can wear it out but it's also
good for your patients that just have
wrist involvement maybe they have wrist
drop and they want to be able to push
their own wheelchair or do other things
during the day this allows them to you
wouldn't want that up you would
again heat mold it has the same high
temperature plastic in the back that use
a heat gun reemul that to what degree
you need for your wrist and then it
supports your wrist while you've
maintained the function of your patient
and they're able to do certain things
for themselves that they couldn't do
with a full hand splint that would be
under their fingers and thumb so this is
the restorative medical kaka