hey guys just wanted to show you what I
have done for the past five days I
worked on this huge B Gone ptic coat
that is made out of
120
M I would assume it's almost the same in
yards of Bing about 30 m of lining
fabric it has three layers and it will
be good for my b gown that I'm making
for my client and that Pedic will be
able to
hold very heavy skirt on there it
consists of three layers as I said I
think the top layer just a cute lining
and then there
is the middle layer that is made out of
all uh 100 m of Bonin so it has 10 big
pieces assembled
together and it's like a
on the structure for skirt so each piece
took me about 2 hours to make so in all
the Bing on you can see this crazy like
a cage structure and all of that is
being held up by a regular
Pat that was made out of a metal Bing
metal Hoops it had six metal hoops and
all of that is holding up pretty very
well I'm not sure how I'm going to keep
it in my house but it's foldable it's
removable Pat that goes under a huge
ball gown skirt so I'm very proud of
myself this is my first time doing
something like that and it turned out
pretty nicely I can overuse that many
times over for different
gowns all right I hope you enjoying your
Friday