hey everyone how y'all doing today so
welcome to my humble kitchen today I'm
gonna be fixing my style of spaghetti
and to do that I'm gonna use ground
chicken not ground beef but ground
chicken so I'm going to introduce it to
the kind of sauce and seasoning I use to
actually make my own style spaghetti so
first up I'm gonna need some ground
chicken now of course you know chicken
is white and even when you cook it it's
still gonna turn out white but I'm gonna
show you how to make it look brown and
look like ground beef so to start off
always put my ground chicken inside the
pot and put a little bit of olive oil
inside there chop it up in little pieces
here try to get it out small pieces as
possible almost like when you're cooking
tacos so once I get it down to those
small pieces as possible then I'm gonna
show you what I use to actually make the
meat turn brown instead of this right
looking close because chicken always
gonna look right when you were you cook
it like this you know it does no color
to it in order to get it to have that
color I'm gonna show you what I use to
make it look almost like ground beef
okay so I've diced it down to as small
as I really want it I mean this is
pretty good right here I could do some
more but yeah that looks pretty good
right there
but now we need to change the color okay
so now let me introduce you to my
seasonings first off to get the meat
turning brown I use this right here it's
called grace browning and it's just a
browning sauce it's got Carmel and some
other stuff in there to give a little
flavor to now you might be able to find
this at your local international market
it all depends on who carries it if you
can't you can get it online I can give
you a link to it and you can order it
well this is a good sauce right here to
brown and your meat and it's not only
for chicken you can do steaks and even
your fish with this sauce right here
just a little dab you don't need much
you don't want it to turn dark but it
will give you just enough in there to
actually make you meet look nice and
brown and gives it that look to it that
look appeal if you know to me
next up I like to use McCormick
Caribbean jerk I like this season is
right here
it's a lot of flavor and a little bit of
zest to the food another one I like to
use is Cajun seasoning this one is by
McCormick - adds flavor and no MSG
here's another season that I like - made
by McCormick garlic and herbs salt free
and no MSG that's flavor
another thing I like to cook with is
herbs I try to cook with the fresh kind
but if I can't I usually have some dry
stuff on the hand for the sake of that
so I like parsley
I like basil and I like cilantro now
let's get into the powder seasonings I
like to cook with ginger I like to cook
with time and I like to cook with
oregano
so all these seasons are going to go
into my style of spaghetti along with
some fresh onion chopped up okay so to
get the chicken looking like ground beef
with that brownish look like I say you
guys add some of this browning sauce or
any kind of browning sauce you can find
at your local store you just want a
little bit in there to get it started
and then you can add some more but you
don't want to overdo it because the
browning sauce can make the stuff look
very dark and you just want it to look
brown so I just mix it in there then I
stir things around
they each one of them get a little bit
of coloring as I stir it around but the
brown the sauce blend in with the meat
it's almost like food diet but it's not
food day it's just the browning sauce
you can call it a food day if you want
yeah just mix it around mix it around
crank the stove back up
add a little bit more
this is the first thing I do before I
have anything else just to get the meat
in that color mode nice and brown so
nobody can tell the difference once I'm
done with it
whether it's ground beef or ground
chicken you were never able to tell the
difference you would think it actually
is ground beef because once I put the
seasoning into it then that's when I
give it more flavor
then add the ragu sauce and serve it up
so now you see the chicken is looking
more like ground beef and not like
chicken anymore okay now that we got the
chicken all nice and looking Brown it's
time to add our seasoning so I'm gonna
start off with this Caribbean jerk I
don't measure so I can't tell you how
much to put in there I've been cooking
for a while now so I know how much to
add to a food to make it come out right
and not actually measure
now we're going to add some Cajun and
we're going to add some thyme
then we're gonna add some ginger then
we're gonna add some oregano and
everything for me like I say it's a
spring you know I don't really measure I
just sprinkle and taste so I'll let that
marinate in there a little bit
then our taste and I'll see what I need
more often so that's all I cook so the
only advice I can give you if you try
not to cook for the first time or you
trying to try different flavors is add a
little bit at a time you start off with
a little bit season let it marinate
taste and then add some more and I was
trying to add my parsley okay let's open
this side like I said everything I do is
a little sprinkle and then we got some
cilantro
silento trace real good one is fresh but
it's hard to keep up with because if you
don't use it up in time it goes bad so I
decided to go with the flake coming
it's hard to believe that was ground
chicken in the beginning
looks good done it all the seasoning and
stuff wrapped up inside there but it
almost looked like ground beef and press
it I'm not gonna add no more seasoning
to it right now I'm gonna do my onions
and I like onions so that's why I
chopped off a whole onion to put in here
there's onion in spaghetti mmm that's a
that's a flavorful thing right there
yeah mix all those onions inside
Oh looking good
like I say I love onions that's why I
put so much onions in there but you can
put any amount that you want to put in
there and I could add a little water to
it to you know keep it from drying out
so much but once the sauce get in there
that's gonna add the liquid to it so I'm
not gonna add any water I just want to
keep it stirred so it won't start
sticking to the pot it shouldn't stick
so this is a nonstick but there's no
nonstick that I've found so far that
then we'll have something sticking to it
eventually okay so the onion is pretty
much cooked down now time to add the
sauce but before I do that I'm gonna add
a little bit more of this jerk and a
little bit more of this occasion stir it
one more time
long good stir to just get the flavor in
on all the stuff you know what I mean
then we're gonna pop or sauce problem I
just pour it it on into it pour it on
make sure you don't cook with white
stuff on when you cooking the stuff
because the sauce can get a little bit
splashing and you don't want that on
your clothes
I usually put a little dash of water in
there just to get that last bit out
shake it up pour it all and get your
money's worth if you know what I mean
then just slowly stir it around you know
get it all mixed up
hey every one of that meat and sauce
mixed up together
look at that pot doesn't that look good
and delicious my water like I said you
can add any kind of seasoning on flavor
you want on it I just introduced you to
the ones that I use that I like to use
that gives it that flavor that I like
well my number one and to go to season
is the Caribbean jerk and occasion like
I said give it a nice stir get it all
mixed in with each other or blending and
looking good so at this point all I do
is turn the stove down to one or simmer
or low depending on what your stove says
and then I just cover it and let it
simmer for a little bit cuz everything
is pretty much done at this point as far
as the spaghetti now I gotta do my
noodles and that's next okay so why you
have this thing on simmer you don't want
to walk away from it too far you know
because it can start sticking to the pot
even if you have a nonstick pot it can
still stick because of the sauce so you
want to keep it nice and stirred and
even on low it's still gonna start
boiling a little bit you don't want the
juices to dry out either you'll want to
keep it nice and moist so when you eat
it it's not dry tasting and you still
have enough sauce to spread over your
spaghetti okay so while you're cooking
don't be afraid to taste your food
that's why I use the sprinkle method
because I sprinkle a little bit then I
let it marinate cook a little bit and
then I taste it if I need to add a
little bit more of this or a little bit
more of that and I can add it but once
you add too much of whatever it is
there's no way of taking it back up so
that's how I do it but I don't use
measuring because I'm pretty much know
what I'm doing by now I've been cooking
for a long time so I know when I put
enough seasoning in there he's gonna
come out perfect to my taste and another
thing I don't cook with a lot of salt so
my food don't come out salty I try to
cook with minimum salt as possible you
know because
I'm not a spring chicken anymore so I
got to watch my blood pressure because
whoever is eaten the meal besides you
can add their own salt to the food okay
so I'm done cooking the meat side on my
spaghetti meal so now it's time to do
the spaghetti itself and this is the
kind of spaghetti that I like to use is
made by Birla and it's the regular
spaghetti I know you got thin spaghetti
and you got the thick spaghetti and this
one is white fiber it's got three times
more the fiber as a regular spaghetti
and you know fiber is good for the body
it keeps things flowing if you know what
I mean I don't have to get into any
details on that one I like the thick
kind but you know they don't have the
thick kind of this one or as I didn't
see it on the show so that's why I got
the regular so right now I got a pot on
the stove get ready to start boiling I
started to start boiling I'm gonna add
this to it so I usually cook it
uncovered you know you're not really
supposed to cook it cover it because it
tend to ball over because the steam
can't get out so I would recommend you
if you never cook spaghetti before to
make sure you put it in the pot
uncovered okay you see all that steam
right there that means that the water to
write it for some spaghetti I'm gonna
cook just enough cuz this is a one man
meal right here so just enough so I
don't have too much of my fingers I
don't mind leftovers on the sauce
because I can always pick that up but
it's not too good to heat up spaghetti
you know it's not the same in my book
first I usually like to break it in
pieces
I like to break them in twos
you know snap it into like that drop it
in the pot Alexa set a timer for 10
minutes sorry now there we go with 10
minutes from now I'll be back okay by
the sound of that timer that's telling
me that it's time to cut this thing off
off it goes Alexa stop okay so I'm gonna
let this cool down a little bit just a
little bit and then I'm gonna show you
what I add to the final meal
so don't go nowhere okay so here's the
final product this is my style spaghetti
made with ground chicken and ragu garden
combination sauce so this meal is ready
to be eaten but I gotta add one side
dish to this thing that I like and that
is toast yep plain old toast but I like
to add this to my toast
it's called Land O'Lakes butter spread
has a nice sweet taste to it okay so my
ground chicken spaghetti is ready and
it's time for me to start eating I hope
you enjoyed this video and if you did go
ahead and give it a thumbs up if you
decide to try to make this meal leave me
a comment and let me know how it turned
out for you so thanks for taking the
time for tuning in and I'll see you next
time
bone Appetit
mmm it's good it's good