hi guys so today I'm going to be trying
out a craft that will definitely come in
handy this time of year and it is for a
homemade and our mosquito repellent
candle so I found this recipe on
Pinterest and I wanted to try it because
I can't stand mosquitos and mosquitos
love me so I always have a problem in
the summer being outside so hopefully
this will work
so I'm going to give it a try so let's
go ahead and get started to make these
candles you will need a container I'm
just using this little metal bucket that
I got at Michaels for a couple dollars
you will need candle wax you will need
the citronella essential oil which I
just got at a natural food store and you
will need a candle wick the first thing
that I'm going to do is Mount the candle
wax so I just cut off some chunks this
big block I'm not going to use as much
as I need to fill up the whole bucket
container thing I'm just gonna let's see
how this works out first so I think this
is about as much as I want so I'm just
going to slowly melt it over very low
heat and yeah then we will put together
our candle alright so the candle the
candle wax is melting nicely and one
idea that I had seen that I wanted to
try was to toss in some broken pieces of
crayons and just to add a little bit of
color to your candle so I found some
different green ones and I'm going to go
ahead and toss those into my melting wax
all right and we're gonna let that
finish melting so all of this is melting
and I've just gone ahead and secured my
wick just like this with a knife so that
it will you know stay in the right
position when I poured in the wax so I
think I'm probably gonna stir this up
just a little mix the colors Wow
once the wax is all melted it's time to
add the citronella essential oil so I'm
gonna go ahead and put it probably about
7 to 10 drops in
but it smells strong but that'll be good
so I'm gonna stir that in and then I'm
gonna go ahead and pour it into my
candle holder metal bucket thing all
right so I poured my melted wax into my
bucket and I have my wick just hanging
out in there so I'm gonna go ahead and
let this cool for a while until it's all
set here it is the candle is finished
cooling down it is all hardened so I
just cut off the wick at the length I
wanted it and I'm gonna go ahead and try
it out