[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys today we'll be making a really
hearty dish with some leaks and tuna
something really simple that anyone can
do at home um it's it's it's beautiful
in terms of taste it's very rustic in
the way we're cooking it cuz we're
brazing the leaks with some white wine
so you get all that caramelized Flav
flavor then you get the white one that
just deglazes the whole pen and gives
you just a nice nice flavor on
everything and then we're just going to
do a very quick sear with sesame seeds
black pepper extremely Classic on the
tuna itself um and then we're just going
to chop it uh and slice it properly so
it's a nice medium rare maybe raw raw
just a little bit inside and it's
exactly what we want when it comes to uh
pan frying T so I really hope you guys
enjoy this
one so what we're first going to start
to do is just take our leak here and
then we're just going to cut it in
too and then you're not going to go all
the way through just halfway and you're
going to open it just check for dirt or
anything if there's none then that's
fine just cut it all the way through to
the
root in a hot pan here with about 1
tbspoon of olive oil I'm just going to
add one piece of garlic I'm just going
to fry that a little bit until it
softens after about 1 minute I'm just
going to add my leaks face down just
make sure you have a pan where you can
put it in one layer only
only I'm just going to Brown that on one
side now once it brown on one side I'm
just going to flip it to the other side
and get the other side just as
charred we're then going to turn it back
to the other side and I'm just going to
add a pinch of salt onto it and then
we're going to Del glaze the whole pan
with about half a cup of white wine
once the smell of the alcohol is pretty
much gone what you're going to do is add
about the same amount of uh chicken sock
so I'm adding in 1/2 cup as well this
can be pre-prepared chicken stck um the
brand I use is this one here uh you can
find it locally if not you can make it
yourself at home as
well now before closing it up with a lid
and cooking it and brazing it for about
20 minutes I'm just going to add some
dried thyme into the mix
about one teaspoon should do the
trick after about 30 minutes you have
this
beautiful thick ous um liquid that you
see over here that's absolutely perfect
um it grabbed all the color from the
caramelization and everything and it's
nice and soft I can actually pierce it
really easily now I'm just going to add
in about a tablespoon of chopped fresh
parsley I'm going to mix that
together to finish off with some protein
I've got a nice piece of Sashimi gr tuno
over here this is about 200 grams and
I'm just going to roll it around in some
paprika some sesame seeds some parsley
some pepper and some salt just equal
amounts of all just to get a nice uh
thorough coating of everything and I'm
going to place that into a hot pan with
a little bit of oil and then I'm just
sear it really quickly until it Browns
all over don't have to cook it all the
way
through what we're looking to do is to
sear it for about a minute on each side
you'll see it get a bit harder here you
see that white coming up that's perfect
and then we're going to do that for
every side until we get a nice perfectly
raw inside but nicely cooked on the
outside once it's off the pan I'm just
going to slice it very
thinly about half an inch thick all
throughout and finally just finish it
all off so I got my leaks here with the
Beautiful Brown uh sauce on the bottom
here and then I'm just going to take my
tuna and I'm going to put the whole
thing onto the leaks here just as so
just separate a little of them check
your um seasoning of course you need to
add more or less seasoning and then
you're pretty much good to
go I really hope you enjoy that recipe
so please subscribe to the channel if
you want to see more like it in the next
couple of weeks we'll have lots of
different content coming up uh with
different content providers coming up as
well so it would be really fun all
around food and drinks um if you want to
see any other recipes or or is there any
particular thing that you want to know
how to do in the kitchen or in a drink
please let me know drop down in the
comment section below leave me a comment
um and tell me what you want to see so
I'll catch you guys next time