hi my name is Jeff and today we're going
to show the homeowner on a newly basic
flat second coat and a butt joint second
coat so here's the steps on how to do
basic second coat flat what I like to do
is start in the corner run the mutt out
set and then cut when you're cutting the
top into the trough has to cut the
second half a foul at the boss is
floating and then you do the same thing
on the bottom and then you'll see a line
running right through here basically you
run your travel through the middle again
and that's your flat we're going to do
it on the Scrat take the mud from the
corner out the top of your trowel is
going to be cutting the bottom is going
to be floating so you cut the top edge
again bottom edge cutting top it
floating you're going to have line right
here basically you take it out if you
need to do another cut that's fine and
that's your joint now we're going to do
a longer joint I like to simplify it
when I'm doing a longer joint especially
for something that's only beginning you
start with a shorter stroke cut touch
from the bottom
and then clean your wine in the middle
and then you go forward again my short
one you want me to do long ones long
ones are hard so you just keep them
short simple do your cut cut and give it
your line in the middle and so on cut
off cut on the bottom through the middle
and you need to do it again to make it
clean okay now we're going to apply what
joints that are different because
they're uneven this note compared to a
flat so we like to make them wider start
from the side up this way here you're
not dropping any mud again up cut your
edge and then you do your other side and
you cut and you go to the center and you
bring your lines up and you'll see these
lines they're a bit but cut leave enough
a tip by cutting and again to the center
and that's why you're doing this you're
letting the travel float as nice as
possible and keeping your butt joint
flat now tomorrow
these can be sanded or scraped with your
trowel and then you can continue on put
another coat
as I do a butcher