I've got a trick for you everything
you've heard about Julian is a lie okay
so you go to a restaurant and you order
salad and there's tons of beautiful
julienne or matchstick apples all over
or julienne beets a lot of chefs will
tell you they just use a knife and they
work on their knife skills and then just
get good at it and that's what they do
it the reality is is they don't just use
a knife they use a really cool trick
with a mandolin and a knife you slice
everything just in perfect sheets
perfect thicknesses stack it up you're
ready to go first thing you're gonna do
get your mandolin whatever you're going
to slice carrots apples radish anything
next step stack them up and Julian away
throw them in a little bit of water with
a squeeze of lemon so they stay nice and
crisp and nice and white you can do
something I could carrot first thing you
want to do kill it give the top a little
bit of a slice and then start to slice
it on the mandolin at an angle and
you've got these little obliques these
are great as is but if you want you just
start same thing stacking them slicing
them there you go super sweet trick to
get perfect julienne you want to master
this and some other amazing tricks check
out chefsteps comm and get cooking
look at all these Julian's eat that
culinary school chef