with some in full swing here in coastal
georgia there is nothing better than a
glass of Sun tea now sup tea is very
simple to more all you need with a glass
container with a lid and I got this to
walmart here's that you need four to six
regular-sized tea bags know how strong
you like your teeth now I use 60 bags
cuz I like my tea or rich amber color
you're also need a cup of water and a
place outside sit your container so that
the Sun will get excited okay so now
we're going to pour our water until I
contain them that I like to remove those
paper labels on the tea bag I'm going to
give it a good stir I'm going to pick a
lid back on and we are ready to go
outside now as you can see just from the
inside to the outside is already a light
amber color now I sit my container on
this little table that i got from Target
about two years ago and I sit it right
in the middle of the patio because I
know that the Sun will definitely being
down right here now Sun tea can take
anywhere from two to four hours
depending on the position of the Sun
where you're located and how strongly
like you now here we are about an hour
and 45 minutes in as you can see this
sun is brewing this team very high
school now I like mighty sweet and so in
the meantime I'm how to make a batch of
simple syrup now simple syrup is nothing
more than a cup of water and a cup of
sugar you're going to bring your cup of
water to a boil you're going to pour in
your cup of sugar and you're going to
stir it until all the sugar granules
have the doll here we are I have my
simple syrup and my slotted spoon and my
slotted spoon is to be able to get the
two bags out
bouncing a little bit over two and a
half hours and I am ready to go and
check my son team now as you can see
this is how I like my team organized
amber color and I mean the Sun has
really blew this nicely all i have to do
is stir in my simple syrup and enjoy it
overrides so all I'm going to do is take
the two bags out with my flight at spoon
in here and I'm going to add my simple
syrup and sir and I'm going to avoid
this to thank you so much for watching
and I hope they enjoy the video and I
hope this one