hey everyone welcome to another episode
of freezer burs as always I'm your host
Greg the frozen food master and you're
joining me as I eat my way through the
freezer aisle one box at a time if you
joined us yesterday you saw an epic
cherry pie Throwdown Mrs Smith was like
move aside Sarah Lee with your double
negative
tagline Mrs Smith is representing with
the Cherry Pie totally demolished Sarah
Lee well guess what today we're having
Dutch apple pie Throwdown and it's a
rematch guys we got Mrs Smith's
$649 versus Sarah Lee
$6.39 Dutch apple crumb pie Throwdown
and you know
what you know Mrs Smith and Sarah Lee
can't have all the fun cuz Mrs calendar
Marie calendar coming in at
$889 for this pie she's joining in on
the mix we got a head to head to head
Dutch apple pie frow down here on
freezer burs freezer burs starts right
now here we
go too
cold to
cold if you spend some time on freezer
burs then you might stay off the stomach
turns breaks the frozen food Master he's
best bud to get taste
bugs once again today we have the Dutch
apple pie froom Mrs Smith's
$649 a box versus Sarah Lee
$6.39 a box versus Marie calendar coming
in at
$8.89 a box that's n bucks guys n bucks
for a pie versus 62 bucks for a pie
we're going to put it all to the test
let's go over some specs first okay
let's start with Mrs Smiths
again we did a cherry pie Throwdown
yesterday Mrs Smiths versus Sarah Lee
Mrs Smiths although smaller and more
expensive came in with a much better
much better crust than Sarah Lee and I
had to give the edge let's look at this
box here with Mrs Smith's nice crumb
topping Dutch apple crumb pie classic 0
g trans fat there's 1 lb 11 oz 765 gram
here and uh that just looks amazing look
at that apple look at all those crumb
toppings I love me some crumb topping
love
it uh so that's Smith now incidentally
this first thing I've read this Mrs
Smith's first name is Amanda did you
know that Amanda Smith early 1900s her
name is Amanda didn't know that try all
of our Mrs Miss varieties great great
great great her first name is Mrs it's
Amanda okay Sarah Lee no question what
her first name is it is Sarah uh nobody
doesn't like Sarah Lee well you know
what if you asked Mrs Smith she got laid
the Smackdown yesterday in the Cherry
Pie frow down today we got the Dutch
Apple from Sarah Lee and this looks
pretty decent um this one again 2006
Best Taste award from Chef's best it's
like in
2006 for some reason Sarah Lee just ran
the table with Chef's best cuz they got
the seal everywhere it's
2006 lost every year since I don't know
maybe they lost it every year I'm not
sure this is Sarah Lee Premium Sarah
and again this is
$6.39 now the new Contender Marie
calendar okay that's her right there
she's a nice nice looking lady there
right Marie calendar Dutch apple pie
this thing is crazy guys I mean it's
just like Brown and Brown and a little
bit more Brown and uh it looks good now
this is 2b 13 Oz this Sarah Lee how much
is Sarah Lee Sarah Le is doesn't say oh
2 lb and 5 oz so this is by far the
biggest 2 lb and 13 Oz and uh you know
this crumb topping is massive see that
look how thick that thing is see that
kind of reminds me of a sholy pie if you
guys have ever had sholy pie in
Pennsylvania Dutch Country maybe Ohio
Dutch country has it too but I'm not
familiar as much with the Amish in Ohio
uh only the Amish in Pennsylvania am I
familiar with and and sholy Pie is
amazing this is what that looks like to
me very thick tons of crumb tons of
cinnamon looks really good $8.89 100%
fresh
apples that that to me is a very bold
statement how do you determine fresh
apples any Apple was fresh at one point
okay and this was probably in the
freezer a just as long as the other two
but I think that's interesting see that
100% fresh apples okay this one way way
thicker of a box I mean there's like no
comparison here guys look at this way
thicker so obviously this is way bigger
and it's coming in at almost $2.50 more
than the other two so is it $2.50 more
better mo better okay Marie Calendar's
uh her name's Marie so we got Marie
versus Amanda versus Sarah what do you
have your money
on I don't know Marie has never let me
down yeah Marie's looking like it's
right monstrous okay 10 servings for
this baby Mrs Smith's has uh six
servings and Sarah Lee has eight
servings okay now couple things I want
to talk about here and first thing is um
after yesterday's episode I just can't
stay up too late guys three pies bacon
after I do this segment can't do it so I
have already baked it all right baked
all three um you don't need to see it
frozen it looks like frozen they're all
uh plastic wrapped the only only
difference is on the Marie calendar one
the crumb topping came in a separate bag
in fact you were supposed to bake it and
it's the apples exposed and then after
45 minutes right you take the crumb top
and you put it on top and then you do
another 15 minutes of that so that was
the only difference on Mrs Smith's and
Sarah Lee you took a fork and you fluff
up the strel okay that's what they call
it the strel in the Sarah Lee one it
says with fork breakup strel topping now
is strel strel apparently is done right
honey I guess it's it's dutch but for
some reason it reminds me of the sound
of music when iel you know I'll bu
little um so uh strel someone tell me
okay is it is it Austrian as well as
Dutch I'm not sure but strel for some
for some reason makes me think of frine
Maria okay I come back oh cut some
pieces okay little wedge go in Trivial
Pursuit style little wedge for me of all
three pies and you know what I'm going
to hook up Mrs FFM too with a slice of
each too and we're going to eat all of
them I'm going to tell you which one is
best okay welcome back so I've cut up a
a wedge of each now as you can see it
doesn't look like a perfect pie wedge um
the Mrs Smith's pie is an even crust
from the top all the way to the back
very consistent uh pie crust um in at
least in how it cuts and how it smells
and how it looks consistent Brown okay
Sarah Lee here um is a little lighter in
the middle and darker on the outside but
this crust right is a lot thicker and a
lot crumbler okay when I cut into that a
little piece knocked off and whereas the
Mrs Smiths is like
perfect the Marie calendar on the other
hand is like it might as well be a
cobbler okay it was so much apple in
there below the chumb topping and then
the crumb topping because it wasn't a
layer all the way over it was the crumb
topping that I added um it's more just a
it's like a cobbler basically it held
very little rigidity and the crust on
the outside is very flaky okay did you
notice that yeah same thing okay so
here's what we're going to do first
we're going to taste the Mrs Smiths okay
let's take the Mrs Smith's first and I'm
going to take a
bite all of these have been baked to
specification exactly to specification
and have rested uh exactly to
specifications one of them um was only
uh 30 minutes to rest one was 45 minutes
and Mar calendar was 2 hours okay all
right so let's taste Mrs
Smith the Apple is very very sweet very
consistent taste in the Apple but the
like jelly around the apple is super
super sweet the crust on top is very
sweet as well but here's what I like
about it very consistent this is the
type of Dutch apple pie that you've had
once you've had them all you it would be
the same it's like a hamburger in uh in
Asia at McDonald's is the same as a
hamburger right down the street very
very consistent in quality and this is
something that I grew up on definitely
reminds me of every single Dutch apple
pie from Mrs Smith I've ever had right
now it's just too sweet it is super
super sweet add a piece of a scoop of
ice cream on top which I'm you know
typically do french vanilla or or
vanilla bean or it's called natural
vanilla now from Briar um and you got a
super sweet concoction what I like about
it though is that it holds its shape
it's very presentable and it's crumb
topping through and through okay I'm
going to take a sip of water
anything to
add yeah no the sweet Factor just end
out in the jelly I think it's a jelly
that holds
it can you please pass the jelly it's
bner Alford okay let's talk about Sarah
Lee okay now SAR Lee if you recall my
issue with the Sarah Lee yesterday uh
the Cherry Pie was that it was a very
chalky crust compared to Mrs Smith's but
now we have this crumb topping up top um
and it looks like a similar uh crust on
the outside so let's take a look at this
um a lot redder the cinnamon in the
apple is a lot more red than the
cinnamon that you see in the Mrs Smiths
and let's take a
bite that's
better you definitely pick out tart a
lot more tartness right in the apple and
um it tastes a lot fresher doesn't it
much tastes a lot fresher it doesn't
feel like a whole jar jellies in there
right I really like that now I am going
to break off this like brittle piece of
hard crust on the
outside the back part yeah see it's the
same problem I have with the with the
cherry pie it's just yeah it's just all
crust and um whereas if you take the the
back piece of the Mrs Smith which I'm
going to do
now there's more flavor in the back part
of Mrs Smith than there is in the S Le
but hey we're reviewing apple pies here
guys the apple necess cily is way
fresher tart tartter tartter tartter
tartter more more TARTA more tot it's
more tot and um I do like the redder
color it actually feels a lot fresher
and um definitely it's a lot cleaner of
a look and I do like the transition of
the crust from darker brown to lighter
brown in the middle okay let take
another sip
yeah you forgot to me a
while okay finally Marie
calendar pieces of apple and Marie
calendar um definitely bigger pieces of
Apple than the other two way bigger um
and smells tart and fresh as well the
collar is a little more yellow out of
the three um it's the Mrs Smith it seems
to be very generic Brown the Sarah Le
tends to be redder and this one tends to
be yellower do you see that okay so I'm
going to I'm going to try to get a piece
of apple with some of that crumb
topping
M okay this tastes like a homemade apple
pie yeah this tastes like someone cut up
the pieces of Apple they put the crust
on
top and they you know incidentally
dumped a whole bunch of brown sugar and
reg and regular sugar on top right right
the regularity of the top is what makes
it more homemade feeling yeah yeah let
me let me do that and that crust on the
back is oh yeah that's good it's much
better than that chunk of chalk on the
other one yeah
okay I think my mind's made
up let me
recap Mrs Smith's Dutch apple crumb pie
$649 a box this serves six right serves
six God I can't believe foret this seres
six very consistent in in quality okay
but when you compare it to the other two
the apples were way too sweet almost
tastes almost tastes like the cinnamon
apples you get at Chili's they just jump
did it and then laid crumb topping on
top very very sweet and but the crust is
pretty decent I give this only a three
star however okay Three
Star this is the sarite 10 cent cheaper
than Mrs Smiths and more per box this
serves eight
$6.39 the the Apple was uh fresher
tasting the cinnamon was uh made it a
little redder in quality but the back
end of the crust this part here just
doesn't do it for me it it tastes just
like uh just burnt crust in the back so
but everything to the front I thought
was quite enjoyable but I I still only
give this a three and a half star
this is the Marie calendar serves 10
this is
$889 it doesn't hold its shape even
after 2 hours of cooling does not hold
its shape um and uh it's a definitely a
different cooking process this serves 10
people which is good but man this tastes
like a homemade apple pie um you could
definitely pull off the old Switcheroo
with this wouldn't you say say that you
you made this homemade I mean it tastes
like you cut up some apples and and it
looks like that it's homemade because
it's not so like perfect the only
problem with this guys is the trans fat
and that has to concern you that there's
trans fat here and there's not trans fat
in the other two so if you don't like
trans fat and you want to go completely
trans fat free I recommend the Sarah Lee
but I still only give this three and a
half star this Marie calendar
$8.89 I give this A4 star so question of
the
day what is the best apple pie you've
ever had and you know a little bonus
question I tend to like apple pie the
New England Style with a nice piece of
sharp cheddar cheese right on top that's
good pie I love that really really good
cheddar cheese on top of apple pie how
do you like your apple pie and what's
the best apple pie you've ever had this
has been another pie Throwdown we got
one more pie Throwdown to go that's
tomorrow um once again we got Sarah Lee
versus Mrs Marie calender versus Mrs
Smith
Amanda you got a three star Sarah you
got a three and a half Marie Marie Marie
you got a four star as always I'm your
host Greg the frozen food Master thanks
for watching and I'll see you next
[Music]
time yeah