Shh hey guys double wipe six and today
we're working on an electric pressure
washer and this one has a pretty common
problem with these electric pressure
washers it's leaking oil if we keep
running it it's gonna end up dying so
we're gonna take a look at it see if we
can stop the leak and get this thing
fixed the unit we're working on is a
clean force 1800 psi power washer it's
1.5 gallons per minute 1800 psi the
first step is to take off these plastic
covers
I've never taken one of these apart so
hopefully it's not too hard
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I pulled it apart and most likely this
pumps not serviceable you can take the
whole thing apart add oil and then put
it all back together there's oil kind of
all over this thing so I'm pretty sure
it's coming out where the pump case goes
together so what I'm going to try and do
is remove one of these Allen sockets
which I'm gonna use my ink pack
[Music]
so inside here underneath that plug
there appears to be
oil in there it looks like there's a
little water mixed in with it
I'm gonna try and pull this little valve
out there we go and let me check if
there's oil in there for sure I want to
make sure that I'm definitely on the oil
side at the pump so I'm gonna try and
see if I can pour a little oil out of
here just to make sure it's not water
here
[Applause]
and it seems like nothing's coming out
so either there's no oil left in it or
it's possible that that's a little bit
of water that came out I did a little
more investigating and I'm pretty sure
that this is the water side of the pump
and those passages are not leading to
oil so I think I'm gonna have to
actually do this right and take apart
this half of the pump so I'm gonna start
splitting the case we're gonna use the
impact
I'm thinking maybe what I'll do is just
loosen these a hair drain the oil out
try and add the right amount of oil and
then close it right up I can't pull this
through because I don't want to remove
the brass pitting might be able to do it
this way yeah now we have the case split
try and sneak it apart a little bit this
way hopefully nothing falls out of it
yeah there's almost no oil in there
here's a look at the pump split apart
there's actually an o-ring in here it's
fairly thin I don't have a replacement
that I had like on hand that would
replace that so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna use this ATP 8205 reseal this is
real good stuff you mix it with oil and
it's a plasticizer and it'll cause this
rubber to swell up a little bit and what
I've done is I'm going to use this a
hundred percent full synthetic 5w 50 and
I've used this on a tractor transmission
and it's probably a little thicker than
what's recommended but I'm also trying
to stop the leak as well so the first
thing that I'm gonna do is I put a
little bit of the reseal in this bottle
and this bottle I actually put about
what I guesstimated to be about half of
the pump I'm gonna fill this up about
halfway with the oil and I mixed in a
little bit of the reseal in with that
oil and I emptied this out I'm just
using this oil bottle so I can transfer
into the case but before I do that I'm
gonna take a little bit of the reseal
and I'm going to apply that directly to
the o-ring and as I add that it just
follows that o-ring all the way around
and then we'll stand it up and we'll add
our oil so I've set the pump upright and
I've added this just a piece of fuel
line here and what my plan is is to fill
up this case about halfway with this oil
and the 8205 reseal luckily I can see in
here and the oil looks like it's at the
right level so we're gonna stop it right
there now all I have to do is secure
these hex bolts I didn't pull these all
the way apart because one it would be
hard to get in here and two this thing's
actually like spring-loaded and I've
worked with pressure washers before some
kind of familiar with how they go
together I was thinking I could put a
little bit of gasket maker in there but
sometimes that stuff kind of oozes out
and can leave a void and this is made to
seal with that o ring and I'm pretty
confident in that 8205 reseal I've had a
lot of good success with it so
I don't think I need the gasket maker
well we're just about ready to put the
case back together and I sprayed a
little degreaser in here and now I'm
just using a rag and try to get any
excess oil that's out of here well here
we go maiden voyage
[Music]
I got to tell you guys I like these
little electric units they're very
portable and there's no maintenance like
you'd have with a gas machine except for
winterizing them which is pretty easy to
do in fact I have a video on my channel
showing that process I'll put some links
in the description to the products I
used to fix this pressure washer and it
really wasn't a hard job I think the
hardest part was just taking apart the
plastic case so as always thanks for
watching and if you liked the video give
it a thumbs up take care guys