hello and welcome to another car tip
video for the Proctor dealerships my
name is rocky and today we're going to
be going over brakes the main components
of your braking system are actually
broken up in two different sections you
have the brake pad rotor and caliper
system which the brake rotor is that big
shiny disc that you can typically see on
behind your wheel in this system the
brake caliper squeezes the pad onto the
brake rotor creating friction which
slows your car down the second system
would be the drum style brake which is
where the brake shoes actually get
pressed out by a wheel cylinder and
which in turn also creates friction and
slows your car down the rotors and the
brake drums are both attached to axles
on the car which in most situations the
brake drums are attached to the rear of
the vehicle
most brakes on cars these days are the
caliper rotor pad system however there
are still some vehicles that on the rear
have the drum system why do brakes
squeal it's probably the most common
question asked about brakes well think
about it like this if you take a piece
of metal and you rub any substance again
against a piece of metal sometimes
you're going to get a squealing noise no
matter what that substance may be and
not every situation does a brake making
a squealing noise meaning that you need
brakes the only time that you ever
really have to worry about getting a
noise when applying the brake and this
is actually could be a very dangerous
situation so you should immediately stop
is if you're getting a scraping noise
like you're running metal across
concrete brakes can last anywhere from
I've seen them as low as 7,000 miles all
the way up to over 100 and it's all
based on how you drive the type of
driving you do the more in town driving
you do brakes are not going to last as
long if you're on the interstate for
long periods of time they'll last longer
simply because you're not having that
brake pad rub against that brake rotor
and start taking that material off as
often it's always best to use brake pads
that are the exact specifications
for your vehicle and the best way to
make sure that you do that is to use the
factory brake pad you're typically going
to get your longest life it's going to
be the quietest it won't be as noisy the
biggest reason being that it is made
specifically for your car brake jobs can
vary in how long it takes to do them
depending on if you're just replacing
pads you're resurfacing rotors if you
have to replace rotors the type of
rotors that you're dealing with some
rotors are actually pressed on to the
hub it can typically take anywhere from
45 minutes to up to three hours to do a
full front and rear brake job one thing
to be able to make sure of is refer to
your owners manual in reference to
replacing brake fluid manufacturers have
their own specific times and mileage for
replacing brake fluid
some require just simple replacement in
the brake master cylinder reservoir
others recommend a full brake fluid
flush that gets all the old fluid out of
the system and creates the fresh fluid
now the importance of that is brake
fluid absorbs moisture so if you have
moisture in your brake fluid it's going
to start to rot your brake system from
the inside out so it's great to get in
there and make sure that you have fresh
flu the moisture in it like I said just
follow your manufacturer's
specifications about when to do that
there's no real way to make the brakes
last longer it's simply how you drive
the one big tip that I can tell you
about making brakes last longer is
anticipate stops the harder you are on
the brake pad the more it's going to
wear but the simple fact of the matter
is the more times you press that brake
pedal the quicker your brakes are going
to start to wear brakes are the most
important safety item on your vehicle so
always make sure that you keep your
brakes maintained make sure that your
pads are thick enough make sure that
your rotors are in specs and keep
everybody safe not just you on the road
thanks for tuning in I'm rocky from the
property dealerships subscribe to our
channel for more helpful car tip videos
you