[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vali and in this
episode of lauring the kitchen I want to
show you how I like to make my grilled
baby lamb chops and I like to drizzle a
little mint oil at the end just cuz it's
really really good with the combination
of mint and lamb I've been getting tons
of requests lately to start doing more
like to start doing lamb recipes and I
love lamb so now that I know you guys
want to see recipes including this
ingredient that I'm going to definitely
bring those to you but today we're going
to make a really quick appetizer which
you can really be either an appetizer or
dinner in its entirety with maybe some
baby potatoes or something like that the
ingredients you're going to need for
them are some very basic and few
ingredients you need some little baby
lamb chops that have been frenched and
prepped and your butcher should have
this done for you granulated onion I've
got some dried oregano and dried time
lemon fresh mint fresh garlic fresh
Rosemary olive oil salt and pepper that
is it I've got an indoor grill pan
preheating over about medium high heat I
want this to be really smoking hot so
that we can get some good grill marks on
those baby lamb chops okay enough
talking let's get to it I'm going to
just chop my garlic and My Rosemary as
finely as I can manage now I'm going to
not let these really marinade I'm kind
of just going to coat them in this
flavorful marinade but you can
definitely do this like the morning of
or even the night before and pop them in
the fridge like in a Ziploc bag and let
them marinate all day they be really
delicious but this we're just giving
such powerful flavors to the baby lamb
chops that they don't really need that
much time to marinate so this can really
go from prep to mouth within 10 minutes
which is brilliant and who doesn't love
lamb chops I have yet to me someone that
doesn't so it's always a crowd pleaser
around here and it's definitely worth
doing on your outdoor grill if you've
got friends around it's a kind of thing
that can go from the grill to the
people's t to the table right away so I
definitely love that I'm going to put it
in this shallow dish along with my
granulated onion and my oregano and time
and these are all really fantastic
ingredients that go well with lamb which
is why I've chosen those but if you like
specific ingredients with your lamb then
by all means use that I'm going to use
some of this zest for for my marinade
and some of it for my little mint oil so
I'm going to zest some in here and then
zest some in there because I also need
to cut this
lemon that's enough I'm only making a
little for my husband and I so I don't
want to go too crazy little salt
pepper and then a little bit of this
lemon juice this is a big
Lemon Let's
see probably a good
tablespoon let's see yeah that's plenty
okay and then we need some good olive
oil that's it I'm just going to use my
little pastry brush actually to mix This
Together flavor like in every bite and
these are going to be delicious little
morsels of goodness all
right put them right in
there mush them around to get good
flavor now at this point you can do this
20 minutes before you can do this a
couple hours ahead it's completely up to
you you just want to make sure that if
they are in your fridge marinating take
them out 10 minutes or so before you go
to cook them so that they can come to
room temperature a bit and cook evenly
otherwise like I've mentioned before if
you cook meat that's really cold and a
hot you know on a hot surface it shocks
it and it becomes really tough and you
don't want that so I've got a grill pan
preheating over about high heat medium
high heat or so these are going to
because they're so little they're only
going to cook for about two minutes on
each side for about medium rare now
obviously with lamb you cook it to you
know desired your desired temperature I
like mine about medium rare but whatever
tickles your fancy is what you go with
so I'm going put these
on oh they look sound
good all
right now if you don't like if you don't
want to use lamb you can do exactly the
same thing with some chicken breast
chicken thighs obviously they're going
to require a bit more cooking time time
but you know you know what I mean I'm
going to let those cook for a couple
minutes on each side and then we'll pull
everything
together these look wonderful they
cooked for about 3 minutes on one side
and about 2 minutes on the
other but I do like my meat quite
underdone so that's totally up to you
now with any meat it's crucial that you
let it cool and kind of rest for a good
5 minutes or so only because otherwise
all the juices kind of run all over the
place and you're not going to be left a
really juicy and moist flme chop now I'm
going to wipe up all of my grease get
everything cleaned and then we'll get
ready to make our little mint oil that I
think is going to add just a little piz
acidus that takes it from good to really
good now to make our mint oil I've got
some extra virgin olive oil in the
container that that came with my
immersion blender but you can also do
this in just a regular blender to that
I'm going to add in my fresh mint leaves
smells incredible already I've got some
lemon zest and also just a very small
Pinch of Sugar not enough to make this
super sweet but just enough to kind of
give it a really good balance with the
citrus lemon
juice give this I'm going to probably
put in the whole half of this
lemon and then we've got our salt and
pepper and then just blend this up until
it's smooth or a little chunky or
whatever tickles your fancy it's
completely up to you you just want to
make sure this is nice and sort of
spoonable if you can get what I mean you
just want to be able to spoon it over
the lamb chops here you
go that is perfect that's exactly how I
like it oh that smells so fantastic look
at
that okay let me get one for myself take
this baby right here take some of my
mint I love the combination of mint with
lamb and it's not something I grew up
eating in Italy we never use mint with
lamb we always use rosemary garlic lemon
but mint and rosemary is something I
discovered here in the US and it's a
fantastic fantastic combination excuse
my poor little broken
finger let's give this a
taste I'm doing this cuz I'm trying to
explain to you as I'm eating it's got
fantastic flavor from our little quick
marinade beautiful freshness something
oil and they're super simple and easy to
put together put the list alongside like
a small green salad and you've got a
great starter or it's great appetize
where people to walk around and eat with
their hands because they're so handy
dandy if you get what I'm saying or they
make a fantastic dinner alongside some
baby new potatoes and tip boil some baby
new potatoes toss it in that mint oil
and you are in business and it's
delicious it's easy it's quick it's
impressive it's a home run I hope you
enjoy spending time with me go to L in
kitchen.com and get the written recipe
and I'll see you next time bye-bye bye
[Music]