Oh welcome back to another episode of
fishing with flair today we were doing
something fairly interesting it's
something that actually might drop like
my John my friend John from Indy car
doors this dude right here he's back
boys
ladies gentlemen that he's been
requested to be back and the man is back
how was Alaska it was fun well I spent a
lot of time just getting chase back how
long how long were you there two and a
half weeks too long you catch a lot of
fish a lot of fish fish did you film I
did I just where can they see these
videos on my channel mid knockout doors
so link will be down below to go check
out John's channel he went to Alaska for
like literally a month ditched me and
made some epic content so if you guys
want to see any last videos go over to
his channel but today we are gonna go in
film a video John Oishi again he gave us
me this idea cuz I'm sitting there like
how can we get rid of these darn green
sunfish I've been asking you guys other
than just casting a rod and reel which
is pretty boring I want to come over the
creative way and John saw this is called
like pre was it preliminary pretty
primitive primitive primitive I don't
really know what that means basically
it's like caveman strategy stuff and so
we saw this vid on YouTube of these
people doing pay school we're gonna do
to that so we got to go to Walmart we
got to get some supplies but before I
forget as you guys know or may not know
I'm hosting another contest that gives
away a free fishing trip come fishing
with me for an entire day either down
with googan squad house in Texas or
chasing Nebraska boots whichever one you
want or if you want to wait till duck
season we know duck hunting if you wanna
go duck on your goose hunting whatever
you want to do but all you got to do is
go click the link down below the little
flair merch link click that and for
every item you purchase if you write a
hat shirt and how do you get entered
three times this ends September 1st so
if you want a chance to go hunting
fishing with me there are Texas or
Nebraska or just go hunting or whatever
basically you come I'll fly you in and
whatever you want to do that day we will
go and do another you I do is go pick up
layer merch you gotta buy at least one
item to be entered once but then each
item you purchase throughout the entire
next month and a half or so is an
additional interesting an entrance many
times as you want anyways so that's
that's the deal let's go to Walmart
alright so here we are at Walmart we're
gonna buy a few things and we're gonna
make a few things out of just household
items and like tree limbs and stuff like
that so go to buy hooks here we had a
byline we got buy a machete some rope
and I already have the bottles at home
and we gotta find a stick so that's what
we're gonna be using to make this little
contraption probably pretty small I
don't we're going to we're gonna try
they say they said we're going to try
this at a creek that I saw well then if
it works we're gonna take it to the
brute bakery and try to get rid of the
green sunfish and make it bigger but for
now we gotta just make a small version
like a prototype kinda just see if it
works we're gonna get these guys we'll
size eight snell or snow hooks oh here
we go this is what I need big ol machete
this is gonna be used to cut down the
tree limbs and do all the fun stuff that
we're gonna be doing this we'll get some
rope
they have rope knife hooks where to have
worms so these are the three items we're
gonna be taking out with us again along
with some other things that you guys are
gonna see real shortly a few moments
later all right so now we left Walmart
now we gotta find a tree limb couple of
them to cut down now you kind of want
the more alive ones I'm not gonna go for
like the super alive ones like the ones
are maybe you're looking like they might
die soon and cut those down cuz I'm a
little bit more flexible you guys we'll
see you later why it's important that we
have some flexible trees so we're gonna
look for some potential fishing what's
this thing called primitive let's go
with the name for this thing what should
be named golly I don't know the fish
catcher the fish catcher 3000 is what we
are trying to make right now so you'll
find some tree limbs for the fish
catcher 3000 whoo sheesh there we go
whoa that is stick number one now you
got to take off all the little
appendages like that and all these down
we need two of these put them together
that's how we're gonna make this rig
learn this while watching me and vs.
wild one day hey guys uh this side sharp
in case you're wondering
don't just let your finger rest on it
cuz I that'll happen
oh yeah two of those bad boys it's a
bendy oh yeah to these guys we should be
should be good to go
there you go yeah come down here buddy
all right so this is the little spillway
creek that we found and again this is a
test if this works we're gonna build a
bigger one and a better one for the
brute bakery to catch green sunfish but
it's kind like a little canal hearing
we're gonna see if we can make a
homemade fish catcher 3000 all right so
now comes the rigging part so we have
these two sticks and we're gonna want
them to look something like this where
they kind of come together and form like
an arc so what you can do is you can use
rope or taut and tie this but I'm gonna
cheat and use duct tape just cuz I think
it might work a little bit better so
then we got like a little arch now we
got to dangle the bottles down so I'm
gonna go put this in the water and then
rig it up in the water so I actually
know exactly how we how we want this
thing laid out okay folks now that we
got the arch built so what you do is
I've got actually seven eight of these
eight of these one mountain Dew bottle
so what I've done is I drilled a hole
right here on the bottom and then I
drove two small holes in the cap and
I'll show you how we're gonna do this so
we're gonna attach the rope first so
unscrew the cap stick the rope all the
way through beat it down feed it all the
way through like this and what you want
to do is take this end and just tie a
simple little overhand knot pull it
tight in there right there now your
bottle your bottle is not gonna come out
snot gonna go anyway and then we're
gonna take our fishing rigs which these
guys are already somewhat pre-reg not
just do this because it makes life a
little bit easier but they don't have to
come like this it's kind of hard to see
it but it's basically just a snailed
smell a little hook with that little
Slipknot up top so what you want to do
is you want to take your fishing line
take your little bottle cap run it
through one of the holes on the top of
the bottle cap that's important on the
top of the bottle cap and then you run
it back through the other one from the
bottom like so so you see I pulled both
of them through and that's why I got
these little sip slip hook bobber
thingies cuz then you just do this now
you got yourself a nice little slip over
so what you do is you fix this guy back
on here and then what you see I tie this
right here to the actual structure
itself
and see how this goes what we are done
ladies don't actually don't take that
long it's like 10 minutes but look I'll
give this look how sick this thing is we
got so there's only again there's only
four hooks and then there's for dummies
and again it's to space them out that
way the hooks aren't running into each
other so it goes hook no hook hook no
hook hook no hook hook no hook so it's
four and four so that's basically the
contraption and the idea is there's
water flowing in from down there and the
idea is fish will swim so we're gonna
put night crawlers on these and then let
it sit we've stirred up all this water
it looks bad so we might have to just
you know go chill for a little bit sit
back and watch these and we'll see we'll
see what bites I actually it really
enjoyed doing this this is a sick like
building contraption like this to catch
fish I I find really really fun so again
do you guys enjoy let me know and I'll
do more but we got to bait these and
we'll see what happens
so that right there yes and see a little
night Carla on it that's what we roll
unless we got four baited I really do
hope this works if this works we can
take this to the brew bakery and scale
it make it a lot bigger and hopefully
efficiently take all these little green
sunfish out
we've been sitting here for 15-20
minutes or so and we've been watching
this little trick we finally caught one
but we're gonna make some adjustments
but I want to show you we caught one
fish already and this is exciting it
actually worked
look at that guy right there that is the
first one of the day just a little guy
again we're just testing this
contraption we're gonna make a move that
we're gonna move it put some bigger
worms on and hopes we catch some bass or
some bigger sunfish but that is fish
number one see dude he's good to go
hook hit this thing so we got we got
robbed on one of them we have three out
of the four worm standing still we're
gonna move this down here where the
water's flowing we've seen some bigger
blue gills and bass so remove this guy
down here is the new set so I've raised
the bottles up to where only the line
basically is showing I think those big
ones are kind of smart I've also up
sized the amount of worms and I spread
them out more so worm dummy dummy worm
dummy worm dummy worm so four worms for
hooks and the dummies are just spacers
so when they've run around they don't
hook all the other line so that's what
we're wrong with we've moved to the
deeper side as you can tell behind me
more of a puddle section buried deep and
we think the big girls especially the
master back here so we're gonna let this
guy sit for probably an hour we're gonna
try to get all the lines hooked at once
and then after that it's proving that a
little work and now we're gonna make a
new one for the roux Baker
so right now we got one on the line it
looks to me like they stole every single
one except for one and we've got one guy
hooked he's a big one we're waiting to
see if any of the other ones buy but I
think they might have stole our really
really good at getting the worms off the
hooks but I'm gonna go down and release
this guy just so he's not hung up
forever look at that guy right then
that's the second fish so far
he absolutely cream a little worm on
here just a little sunfish we're still
looking for the big bass dude
[Applause]
we got that one that one that one good
got another one
good two we got two right now we got two
what's absolutely crazy is absolutely
nothing will happen I mean as soon as
one gets caught it starts the commotion
and everybody all the other fish think
there's a feeding frenzy and then every
little worm that's down there they Leone
so we just need these guys to keep
splashing just a little bit longer I
don't wanna keep on the hook too long
just even catch at least one more
these are big fish thank God I got him
we got him we got him look at that
that's three for three we have one with
one hook out there without a fish earth
wait yeah what a hook out there without
a worm so you have three fish on it one
time check this out oh it came off well
there was one on there look at this we
got one guy right here one big guy right
here we're gonna release these guys back
in the wild though we don't to keep them
any longer
decent one right there biggest one of
the day dude all right fish number two
see dude well as you guys can tell our
little fish catch for three thousand
worked this thing is actually probably
coolest contraption that I've ever built
personally and again I'm not taking
credit I saw this already on YouTube
once so I didn't invent this rig by any
means but it was cool to try it and see
what it caught now the question is I got
to make a bigger one you guys comment
down below some suggestions I think I
need to make a big one and and put it in
the old fruit bakery try to catch try to
control those green sunfish out of there
I think this could be an efficient way
maybe not maybe if you guys know a
better efficient way other than just
traditional rod I feel like that's just
too boring I'm trying to do something a
little bit more unique something with
this guy so you guys have any
suggestions comment them down below hope
you guys enjoyed this video and like
said if you did make sure you like on
this video and drop comment down below
make sure you subscribe and check out
flair merch if you have not already you
can hack but for each item you order you
get an entry to win a fishing trip with
me she doesn't see the video of me
catching that giant Pike that was one
that I took a subscriber up that will in
the previous contest so if you wanna
chase Nebraska brutes or go to the
googan squad house in Texas and chase
Texas Bruce will copy yourself some
player merch like I said each item that
you purchase is one entry so you can
enter as many times as you want and
September first so go check it out
video appreciate the view
you