foreign
over the past few weeks we've been
paying tribute to baseball season and
once again we're at the Great American
Ballpark here in Cincinnati Ohio and
with me is my friend Catherine Hartman
our laundry Guru of greatness from Biz
good morning good morning I gotta tell
you I love being out of the stadium
they're getting ready for a big game
tonight yes doesn't it make you feel
like singing like that song Take Me Out
to the Ball Game love that love that we
haven't had a hard money going let's
talk about Biz you know I didn't know
about this honor you guys have you're
you're the official stain fighter yeah
the baseball team that's going to play
out here tonight yes um we've actually
been sponsoring them for three years now
that's a great idea yeah so and um the
clubhouse manager actually uses it to
clean the uniforms here so if it works
on the pros it's sure to work on the
little one that's that's an
understatement and something I've heard
that's a lot of fun for the families
when they come out here there's a
promotional thing that you all do and
it's really fun we do a scoreboard
promotion and we Pan the crowd for some
funny people and then we squirt them
with a little ketchup and mustard and
then Biz comes over and cleans them oh
so it's called the clean cam so are they
shocked when they see it yeah they're
like and even though it's fake let's be
realistic Catherine it really does
happen in fact this is a scenario I went
through when I took my kids to a
baseball game and I had mustard all over
my shirt why well I'm guessing there was
a home run everyone stands up cheers and
then the ketchup of mustard from the hot
dog right down the front of the shirt I
put a lot of mustard on my hot dog and
all of a sudden it looked like this it
was a disaster I hear you and you know
exactly what will clean that up right no
oh yeah best do you bring that
everywhere you go I do and I know that
you like the blast back so I brought
those for you and it really does work it
really does work so by the time you get
home it's probably going to be dried in
so we always recommend you know
re-wetting the stained area with warm
water and then applying directly onto
the stain rubbing together and then
throwing it in the wash and that's it
ready to go ready for another baseball
game so the moral to this story is you
will hit a home run if you use biz
one more Take Me Out to the Ball Game I
love it too much fun thank you so much
and of course if you want to learn more
about Biz and how to get those tough
stains out go to the website
bizstainfighter.com and also check out
the money saving coupon online and in
addition to that Biz and 20th Century
Fox are celebrating the release of the
hit Family Adventure film Rio on Blu-ray
and DVD by offering four dollars in
instant savings when you purchase Rio
and any bisstain fighter product between
August 1st and September 30th for more
details see coupons on specially marked
Biz products bring the party home on
Blu-ray and DVD and keep your colors Rio
bright using this
foreign