hey guys thanks for joining me for your
tip of the week if you love to cook and
you left foot with garlic and onions
then you know but after you cut the
garlic and onions this smell simply it
seeps into your mayors and you can never
get it up no matter how much scrubbing
you do how much soap you put on and how
much lotion you put at your hand the
smell always seems like it there until
now we have an awesome rub away feature
this is so cool it's a little bit far so
but you actually just run your hands on
and again right up to the smell of fish
of onion chopped garlic I like to turn
off the water and then rub it to act
makes it feel like I'm actually wash my
hands but you don't need water I don't
think the good excuse me so if you don't
want to go on back with me and you can
hope so go to your thing and you
from the top of your sake if it's the
same material or the inside of your
thing and it takes time we work to down
the river I've never tried to another
assuming it well so let me go go test it
out let me know how it goes the hands it
off come on pretty much in love with
this thing
p