[Music]
yard Edge professional landscape
edging why
edging landscape edging makes a yard
look great because it's the best way to
maintain clean sharp lines that create a
professional looking landscape it also
reduces the hassle and expense of
long-term maintenance by creating a
permanent barrier between landscape
areas why aluminum aluminum makes the
best edging because it can be easily
formed into smooth kink-free curves it's
durable and lightweight and unlike
plastic it stands up to Lawn Equipment
prevents separation of joints and
resists being pushed out of place when
the ground freezes it's also easier to
install no more struggling with floppy
plastic that seems to have a mind of its
own and aluminum will not rot or rust
like wood or steel why yard Edge yard
Edge is a professional high performance
landscape edging system that's the first
choice of homeowners who want the best
edging for their landscape project a
unique patented stakeless connection
system snaps down to permanently
interlock edging sections this helps
eliminate kinking separation and stake
movement common with other systems made
from the highest quality aluminum alloy
yard Edge is designed to stay in the
ground for the life of the
landscape and yard Edge landscape edging
is easy to install let's get
started step one getting
prepared first you'll need to gather the
equipment you'll be using for the
project recommended tools for
installation include a spade Hammer
measuring tape and hacks off it's also
recommended that you wear safety glasses
and lightweight gloves to ensure that
your project looks sharp it's important
to establish a visually pleasing layout
and make sure the edge is C clearly
marked before digging you can mark your
Edge using a rope or garden hose or if
you prefer may drive stakes and string a
line step two digging the
trench once you're satisfied with the
layout dig a trench by first driving the
Spade straight down into the sod along
the
line next remove the sod from the bed
area by cutting it into smaller sections
and skimming it off with the Spade
finally digging from about 6 in away on
the bedside angle down toward the bottom
of the straight cut remove the excess
material and set it aside for later
you'll want to dig the trench about 1 in
deeper than the edging being
set step three placing and staking the
edging Begin by connecting as many
sections as you'll need to complete the
length of the run or for very long runs
you can make connection as you go set
the edging into the trench with the
loops facing into the bed make sure the
beveled edges at the end of each section
are facing
up starting at the beginning of the Run
hold the edging so that it's about a
half in above what will be the final bed
Height Drive a steak through each Loop
until the stake stops just below the top
of the edging if you run into obstacles
such as tree roots simply skip that Loop
and stake the
next you can form sharp angles easily by
cutting the edging halfway up from the
bottom with a hacksaw then lay the
edging on a hard surface set a piece of
wood or brick on top and bend the edging
upward to the desired
angle at the end of The Run cut the
final section to the correct length
using a hacksaw and drive the final
state if you have more areas to Edge
begin your next run using the leftover
edging to avoid
waste step four back filling and
compacting finally replace the excess
material you set aside earlier by
pushing it up to the face of the
edging then compact it with your foot to
avoid
settling your landscape Edge is now
permanently set and you're ready to
plant and add mulch or
stones with yard Edge professional
landscape edging every project will look
professional and beautiful for as long
as you own your home you can be sure
that the time and care you put into
beautifying your landscape will last a
lifetime