hey there guys skippy here once again
from skippy6 gaming coming to you with a
little bit of a tu17
minecraft console edition discussion i
know
i know coming from the ps3 world of
minecraft it's real hard kind of
adapting to the differences between the
pc minecraft and uh
and our ps3 console edition minecraft i
guess even for those xbox fellows um
that said i always hear about hoppers
what are hoppers hoppers this hoppers
that and you know what i actually
i'm i'm really curious about them i
looked up i looked them up i kind of
looked into it i know the pc guys know
all about them but basically i thought
i'd let everybody on the ps3 and my
subscriber base for sure to let them
know what are hoppers and when are we
getting them so basically the quick
version of a hopper what a hopper is so
a hopper is something that puts items
into a container so basically a hopper
is
you're gonna learn when you the first
two or three times you try to build a
tutorial that you found on youtube and
then you get to the when it when they
put the hoppers in and you're like oh
what is that don't know so long story
short it's good for like full auto
basically when you watch those tutorials
whenever you see one that says full auto
you know really
a hopper was probably involved you know
most of the time don't don't quote me on
it um but so basically hoppers they just
move items from one to the other they
have an inventory of their own um
there they have they can only put things
in at a certain rate so it's a 2.5 items
per
second
and uh every eight game ticks or four
redstone ticks or .4 seconds so
basically whenever you have something
that's unloading wood or whatever any
other things you're farming and it just
puts it into a chest that's gonna be
using a hopper so are we gonna get
hoppers um i don't know i can make
videos all day about what i think we're
going to get into 17 but i'm going to
have to go ahead and say
i don't think we're going to get into
u17 we're probably going to get down the
road that you have to look at it that's
a it's a real big change in the i guess
in the programming and stuff when you
start moving items and and doing all
that you know hopefully maybe they have
it in the ps4 edition when it comes out
and that's not much of a problem but
but there you go guys anybody who didn't
know what hoppers are hoppers or things
that move things item items into storage
so like you could put it into a chest
into a mine cart with a chest you could
put things into
anything with a storage even uh for in
essence uh
no
i keep forgetting the name of them you
could you could basically anything that
holds items where you can put items by
pressing x it can go in there and into
that container so
like i said hopefully we'll get uh we'll
get some soon and because those are
really a key element for growing when it
comes to doing big tutorials and and
doing big full auto farms and stuff like
that not having hoppers is a is a key
ingredient that's kind of slowing us
down from getting that um so there you
go if you liked the video if you found
it informative or you got something to
say leave it down in the comments hit
that like button or subscribe to my
channel as well
um
and i'll catch you on the next video
later
know
know