[Music]
hi y'all it's fancy from cactus Creek
and it's Christmas Merry Christmas to
the boys and I do lots of sugar cookies
at monopoly and popcorn and Christmas
Day but I wanted to take a quick break
from all that and show you this cowhide
situation yeah so yesterday I posted a
video that our sweet dog Waylon had a
little potty accident and it was bad
they get soaked all the way through it's
kind of gross so I stopped it up really
well both sides of the hide I put a
towel on top and bottom cut some oxy
clean and just sprayed it and then just
rubbed with and then we just let it dry
I kind of didn't know what what happened
because I've never had bad on it but
check it out Waylon it is completely
gone like you cannot even tell where the
accident was it's gone on the other side
I take a comb and you kind of just calm
the hair a little bit because with
OxiClean with dry to cut it's stiff or
whatever but just a comb makes that okay
and that's it we're done it's a
Christmas miracle
so hopefully you got a cat for Christmas
and now you know better how to clean it
you can't do that with a regular rug
right only cowhide is that awesome and
if you didn't get one then be sure
excuse anyway then be sure and check out
the guys we have at cactus Creek cactus
Creek shop calm and especially in
January because we have our big sale
every year in January on calf it so
that's all you'll have a super awesome
Merry Christmas and I'm gonna go kick
some little boys booty at monopoly peace
out