this is the fall of baby gear that our
friends found on a road it was bleeding
and covered in lies and so they took it
in and took care of it but they live in
a city and they also have no experience
raising a baby deer and they could not
find a rehabilitator anywhere near we
had experience raising a baby deer and
so they contacted us and brought them to
us so we're bottle feeding there and
we're going to do our best to raise him
and hopefully release someone is open up
you guys yeah
we're going to give them a flea bath we
just got some soapy water I should
propagate a washcloth didn't we have one
in here we can just use this razor thank
you I can't help you out it's a deer and
I think what am I going to do
[Music]
don't you worry okay when he was a baby
a little baby
[Music]
similarly
[Music]
Barry oh boy
there we go
oh my goodness oh my goodness what are
you going
[Music]
[Laughter]
come on that scary noise that scary
noise
come here boo boo come say hi
this is the first day on the homestead
you eaten clover I can't believe he's
leaving so quick this is a good sign Wow
Wow
oh my goodness
oh my goodness foaming tonight