welcome everyone I'm D with Foods 101
today I'm showing you how to make Puppy
Chow also known as Muddy Buddies now to
get this started you're going to need
nine cups of a corn check cereal these
are oven roasted corn cereal you may use
the rice cereal if you wish and this is
the brand I use the General Mills I've
got one and one2 cup of powdered sugar
one half cup of creamy peanut butter one
cup of semisweet chocolate chips if you
want to use the dark chocolate chips you
may I've got 1/4 of a cup of unsalted
butter and you're going to need one
teaspoon of pure vanilla extract now let
me show you how we're going to get the
peanut
butter and the chocolate chips
melted with the
butter and the peanut butter now I'm
going to melt mine over a double boiler
that that's just water in a pan and I'm
going to put my bowl over the top of it
of course make sure it's um it's a heat
proof bowl and you can also you're
asking me well can I put it in the
microwave yes you may put it in the
microwave um for 1 minute stirring every
15 minutes till your chocolate chips are
melted so here goes to the oven top now
I've set my bowl over steaming water as
you can see just like that woo and be
sure to stay careful because it can get
very hot and that steam captures between
the Heat proof bowl and the sauce pan
and it starts to melt the chocolate
chips the butter and the peanut butter
till it comes nice and
creamy M my goodness and this smells so
yummy keep stirring until everything's
melted woo look how beautiful and creamy
that is next we're going to gently
drizzle it evenly try to over the top
of our
cereal now that's why you want a large
bowl to put this cereal
in and we're going to just toss it till
all of our cereal pieces are well
coated and you don't need to really work
super duper fast you just want to make
sure that all your cereal is well coated
I've been gently tossing our cereal in
with our creamy peanut butter chocolate
chips and butter um you just gently want
to toss it back and forth until see
everything's covered now next you're
going to need two gallon size Ziploc
bags and in each bag we're going to add
34 of the cup of powdered sugar so that
means just dividing the powdered sugar
evenly into each gallon size Ziploc
container now if you have a 2 gallon
Ziploc container you may use that
instead of the two do 1 gon Ziploc
containers and in each we're going to
buy the chocolate cereal so we're going
to just slowly put it in here like this
now I've got half of it in there now I'm
going to seal the top and I'm going to
begin to shake to get that fabulous
powdered sugar coated on all of
our cereal
squares all right you just want to mess
with this for a few minutes want to be
gentle because you don't want to crush
up your
cereal and just make sure it all gets
coated and this is a lot of fun if you
have kids get your kids in the kitchen
help you do it this is fabulous and
snack size pieces to go on trips to go
to the pool to go on a picnic kids
adults everyone absolutely loves them
and now I've got a cookie
sheet that I'm going to
lay this out on and I'll show you how
it's going to come out let's just unip
it look how
lovely those
are all right and just put them here on
your cookie sheet now I've lied mine
with parchment paper but it's not
necessary because if I want to pick them
up I just do it like that but if you
don't have parchment paper don't worry
about it now these go in the
refrigerator for the next 15 minutes so
they can set and then I'll be back and
tell you what they taste like I got 15
snack siiz bags full of our puppy chow
also known as Muddy Buddies and looky
there how fabulous that is now I'm going
to give this a
try M oh my so addictive very crunchy
peanut butter chocolate holds on that
confectionary sugar it's a fantastic
treat hey I recommend you keep this in
your refrigerator or in a cooler if
you're going on a picnic or to the beach
or whatever and um until next time I'm D
with Foods 101 thanks for watching y'all
give me thumbs up leave me a comment and
I'll catch you next time