this is a very very simple a pulley
setup that you can set up for your kids
I for this project you're just gonna
need some simple carabiners you just
happen to be those who say do not climb
on it they don't have to be super strong
but you need them to be at least these
the metal type and you're also going to
need some string some rope this is just
some paracord I had now it doesn't use
true pulley so it's in a true pulley
system but it's the same basic concept
with the carabiners that I showed you a
second ago you can tie your rope to one
end of your carabiner just one carabiner
here you take it you take a second
carabiner and you need something nice
that supports real heavy this is an old
sawhorse I had to put a couple nails in
for one kit bearing a carabiner up let
me put the Rope through it first put it
up here put the other carabiner and what
I have here is a nice heavy pink can
give it a tug now this is this right
here is a super simple setup because
this way is 10 to 15 pounds you're going
to be pulling roughly 10 to 15 pounds
down to get it to lift it up let me show
you another way to make it even easier
for the kids
taking care of being are off that's tied
to the rope and you want to hang it up
here now you have to they will say two
carabiners hanging up there you take a
third carabiner put it through the Rope
get it down here to your paint pane
[Music]
it's a personal stake
then
you now give it a good tug and it's so
much easier to lift up reason being it's
because now that you have to support
these supports are roughly each
supporting half of the weight so now if
this is ten roughly ten to fifteen
pounds this would be roughly half the
pull needed of that weight to get it up
in the air now doing this you will
create a lot more rope you have to pull
but it doesn't really matter as long as
your kids are having fun right they're
gonna love to see how much weight they
can put on there and lift up or you have
fun playing with your kids now