[Music]
gentlemen in case nobody told you today
you are amazing you're super Charming
style ridiculous and you're grooming
game strong for the most part but it has
been brought to my attention that some
of you how should I say stink and you
don't even know it there are six
surprising reasons that you are indeed a
stinky bastard and have absolutely no
clue it's not even your fault it's your
nose's fault because your nose has gone
blind to the situation that's been going
on so long think of it like this you're
in the car you're driving cruising to
pick up your boy and all of a sudden
you're like you fart in the car and
you're like At first you're like whoa
that pretty much stinks but then you
don't even notice it anymore you get to
where you're going your buddy gets in is
like my God Brian your ass stinks these
sick smelly situations are sort of like
farting in a car but different let's
dive in the first reason you smell bad
and don't even know it is you've got
horrible hosis
hot steamy breath makes you want to
vomit the big question is how do you
know if you have horrible hosis there's
a test smell your back of your hand
right smells fine now lick it and get
really far
back and then
smell smell okay or smell bad if it's
bad you got bad breath so you got bad
breath how do you fix it how do you
prevent it gentlemen stay hydrated the
four first rule of having halosis is
stay hydrated because a dry mouth is
indeed a stinky mouth the other thing
regular checkups at the dentist rotting
funky decaying teeth also smell bad the
second reason you smell bad and don't
even know it is that you're wearing too
much cologne you know that overpowering
fragrances or colog is just as offensive
as bad body odor and apparently your
friends suck because somebody should
step up man up and be like yo Jimmy
that's one too many squirts of Polo
brother the third reason you stink and
don't even know it you're wearing too
much body spray that [ __ ] is strong and
it like it just covers you in this
this no the fourth reason you stink and
don't even know it is that you don't
shower every day I don't need to I don't
smell that bad or I'm a teenager if
that's the case you definitely need to
shower every day cuz your hormones are
in overdrive know some cultures are like
what no why I'm like just trust me on
this one because I smell you at the gym
instead of going nuts with body sprays
use a soap that has a nice fragrance or
a body wash if you guys are looking for
a body wash that rocks the house the
wanders mint Cedarwood is a rock star
you know how much I love our sponsor
dollar shave clubs razors super high
quality incredibly affordable delivered
right to your door each and every month
apparently our boys over at Dollar shape
Hub have been hard at work they have
recently launched a new amazing line of
shower products called Wanderer one of
my favorite products has got to be the
body wash it is the mint Cedarwood body
this stuff smells like I don't know what
like mint and cederwood but it's also
masculine seductive sexy all sorts of
fantasticness and because dollar shap
Club is awesome they are offering you a
free Wanderer shower product along with
a one month supply of the executive for
$1 free shipping free shipping free
shipping gentlemen there is a link down
in the description to grab yours today
for a buck free shipping the fifth
reason you stink and don't even know it
is that you are not using a powerful
enough deodorant to handle your pungent
all deodorants were not created equal
some help you not sweat some help you
not sting but the one that you pick
needs to be powerful enough to handle
your personal perspiration and last but
certainly not least is number six reason
you stink and don't even know it because
you've got stinky balls and a swamp ass
these are two areas of your body that
tend to be dark they also tend to be hot
lots of friction moisture damp dark
spaces lead to stinky odor the solution
powder it doesn't matter how much money
you have how handsome you are the car
you drive the clothes you wear if you
stink people don't want to be around you
and by avoiding these six stinky
mistakes you are going to smell like a
freshly bathed tiger dangerous yet
vulnerable