all right so the purpose of this video
is going to be to show you guys how to
Scruff or pick up a hedgehog now this is
completely harmless to the Hedgehog it's
not going to hurt him at all um but for
those people who are intimidated to pick
up a hedgehog or if it's kind of mean or
aggressive or angry and intimidating to
pick up um this is a good way to pick
him up it kind of stuns the Hedgehog I
don't know if stun is the is the right
word because it's not hurting him um but
for a moment he's not going to squirm
he's not going to wiggle he's not going
to try to get away um when he's scruffed
he just feels you know secure he doesn't
try to get away see he you pick him up
regular he'll squirm he'll try to get
away Scruff him no problem no squirming
no wiggling he might put his feet in he
might wiggle his feet a little bit but
he's not going to go crazy on
you um so the way to Scruff him is right
between his shoulder blades there's a
really loose section of fur um you're
probably going to want to wait till his
spikes are down uh just grab that with
your forefinger and your
thumb um just don't grab too deep don't
grab a spinal cord or anything just grab
that loose flabby skin right there
between the shoulder blades um not too
big of a pinch just a little pinch um
don't yank him up too hard um just be
gentle with them and that's how you
Scruff a hedgehog see here pick them up
from underneath he'll squirm a little
bit try to get away but scruffing is
probably the best way to move your
hedgehog around if you want to take him
out of the cage put him in a different
cage put him in the sink uh clip his
nails whatever um that's probably the
best way to move him so you don't drop
him