is runo from BIGBANG cooking today I
will show you how to use a mandolin
slicer right now mine is actually dirty
because I am preparing a small coaster
right here
well the nice thing about a mandolin
slicer is that is it is very simple to
use it is quick and also it always cut
at the same thickness so all your cuts
will be exactly the same so it can be
nice if you are if you want your recipe
to have some kind of consistency so but
there is one thing about the mandolin
slicer is that it's very dangerous and
you can't cut yourself quite bad if you
simply slide if your hands like it's
look like this it will cut in it will
hurt you real bad so you should use this
thing you simply pick your food in this
right right here and you then you simply
have to slide like this as you can see
it was very easy to do you don't have to
force at all and as I said all your
spices will be exactly the same the same
thickness so but now as I'm doing a
coaster I will use little tools also
they will make the perfect sized Apple
it's they will be like some kind of
Apple
so the first one I don't know why but
the first one is always a little bit
tougher oops well anyway I'll just show
you what it does with this so you see
some kind of small Apple matches and
it's very good in my coleslaw so that's
it if you have any questions or comment
feel free to comment below and thank you