[Music]
something that can make you do
[Music]
[Music]
stay at the shop we're gonna our you
know kind of like this is like truck
vibes the little ginger shots we're
making up our doughnut the ginger it for
you ginger shot bottoms feels like we
should be on the truck first they
offering a bottle of the ginger silencer
we also have another person coming later
I'll show you look how cute it'll give
you a little sneak peek right now
[Music]
nothing up the chocolate to dip our
chocolate donuts donuts donuts are going
over well people are starting to realize
that we do have them we're gonna get
these in the fridge towards figuring out
what we should charge sixteen eight
profit margin what's the bottle return
credit on a ginger shot I think we did
10 cents wish our bottle return rate is
absurd we basically ran off of all these
bottles already we're outta juice gotta
make the juice add a ginger shot to your
juice for three dollars add the ginger
shot to Jesus for three done a lot of
people do that and we're still sitting
at our profit margin as our neighbors
over at this will gifted us another fig
it was struggling so it just brought it
over
our ginger shut would block though is
labeled with a cucumber we're gonna dip
our doughnuts
this is a peppermint citrus blend I've
been learning a lot from dr. Eric Z
spoke about peppermint and citrus so
that's what we got today you guys want
to follow along in book club go check my
Instagram out on dropping lots of fun
facts
it's worked on I got used to me donuts
to do
[Music]
I feel like we haven't blogged in
forever let's check this out this is
just 100% cacao face that's all of this
look at that goodness polyphenols is our
induction cooktop the pan itself is like
aluminum so that didn't work we had to
put it in this stainless steel do
straight double boiler it something that
can make you do long
[Music]
[Music]
we voted on Instagram but people are
freaking out tagging people in it okay
I'll make for Jonah job get to juice
one more just one more juice to make and
then we are going to do
that milk you guys already know what
this videos about it'll be in the title
I think we've sold a ginger shot with
every juice
[Music]
[Music]
here's a leak in our basement we've
recently had a cabbage to our strong B
lamella good
all right guys it's time to do the nut
milk this is a recipe from good nature
it's just one of Charlie's latest videos
on the excellent video we soaked our
almonds and cashews for 24 hours
now we're about to rinse them we will do
equal parts nuts and equal parts
filtered water and then we're going to
press them like we would
just take a whiff of that my first
initial experiment I could only do one
and a half pounds of nuts per prep cycle
this is for the x1 mini so depending on
what juicer you have is gonna determine
them obviously how much you weigh out
for prep one and a half pounds of nuts
and then you do equal parts of water
which is about two cups a little over
two guys just like a juice recipe we're
just gonna weigh out a pound and a half
Charlie said the x1 mini is the only
juicer that you can do that you can make
nut milk without a blender so originally
we we actually bought a Vitamix but we
don't need it to make nut milks
[Music]
cope look and stuff and then we run the
water through it
in other news Jordan wants to lift her
Yaris so it's to say it's to save the
animals
and then I'm lifting the Celica
yeah it's lifted yes
[Music]
[Music]
American Pickers is at the Hancock Hotel
Damas down the street Jordans trying to
get their attention so it definitely
wouldn't go over one and a half pounds
or I would even stay around like one one
in a quarter pounds it's gonna be more
presents but the bag breaks almost every
time if you go over one and a half
pounds
I've been trying different things
[Music]
Georgia said you could have is from the
production crew oh my god
the tray weighs a pound and then I
weighed out a pound we're gonna do
exactly two cups of water and exactly
it's one pound and then we'll do batch
versus single see if it's worth the time
to wait for the batch two cups of water
do single first always check the back of
the plunger for like debris there can be
a lot of nuts like it's stuck up in
there
almost 20 ounces go judge the bag and
see if we can get a little bit
single press cycle you almost 20 ounces
of soap
we're trying to hit over 20 out the
single press cycle is a minute and 40
seconds the batch krebs cycle is three
and
in between three and four minutes
I will link the single versus batch
cycle if you guys want to see me do this
for like different fruits and veggies
the other ingredients in our nutmeg are
dates maple syrup vanilla and sea salt
that's all we put in you have a fun
Christmas seasonal recipe that we have
planned it's gonna be based off of this
nut milk where it's still right at 20
ounces and I converted it there's no
reason to juice your nut milks on batch
cycle you're not going to get any more
yield so just go for the single press
cycle it'll be way that faster a third
of the time
get the exact same yield this should
yield according to my original recipe
around 16 juices but this is like 20 to
30
[Music]
[Music]
that may be nineteen twelve ounce nut
milks and a few samples
alright guys bills due tomorrow we'll
let you know if the American Pickers to
show up for breakfast tomorrow bye guys