[Music]
hey everyone it's snake today I want to
talk to you about beetroots which some
of you might know from the pocket
edition of the game but they are now
going to be part of the Minecraft 1.9
version as well I'm currently in
snapshot 15w 31b and want to talk to you
about how you can find these and what
uses they might have so over here we've
got the villagers and you know how they
have these fancy Farms where they stock
up on all sorts of wheat carrots and
potatoes they are now also harvesting
beetroots so that gave me the idea of
planting down some beetroots here and
making an automatic farm let's just use
our fancy dual wielding mechanics to
grow some crops right here and we will
see him harvesting away in just a second
if he's not Piggy and not letting me
down come on let's grow one right there
there as well come on grow some or har
some I should better say h he doesn't
want to right now but he will H there we
go now he's harvesting them and the
reason why I'm showing you this is to
show you that there's a bug in this
snapshot at least which is likely going
to get fixed they are harvesting them
but they are not picking up the beetroot
or the seed which is kind of sad so you
cannot automate the farm as of right now
because what you would have done is just
given him eight stacks of beetroot seeds
to fill up his inventory so he can only
plant down beetroot seeds and not pick
up anything else other than the seats
and then have a mine cart with a hopper
inside of it running below
this field right here and picking up all
sorts of crops that he has left over so
only the beetroots and he would get the
seeds back to replant which is a bug so
this Farm is not automatic right now but
once that bug gets fixed I'm going to
update you on that so stay tuned for
that another way that has not been
confirmed by me yet or I couldn't test
out but I think it also works is that
zombies have these rare drops where they
drop carrots and potatoes they should
also drop beetroots as far as I'm
concerned but don't quote me on that
which yeah would be another way to get
the roots so now let's go into crafting
these uh they are not very useful in the
crafting recipe uh with the beetroot
soup which you make with six beetroots
and one bowl which will give you a
beetroot soup and if you eat that it
will heal or yeah give you back three
hunger bars right here which is not a
lot considering that beetroots by
themselves give you half a hunger bar so
it doesn't give you more and it's not
really an advantage it takes up more
space and you've got that nasty empty
ball in your inventory as well so I
would not recommend doing this and just
eating the beetroots by themselves if
you really have to another thing that
you can do with these if you don't have
poppies around or any other red flour
and want red dye you can just put them
in your crafting grid and get some rose
red out of of them but that's probably
not practical as well so let's go over
to this pig pen right here and use them
to breed these pigs and yeah you can see
it works just fine and you can also lure
them around if we get this baby out of
there I think the Gap is too big let's
break this fence and he will start
following me which is nice because he
wants beetroots so all in all the
beetroot is quite a cool Plant I like
new flowers in Minecraft or plants I
should better say they're not really
flowers are they um but they are missing
that special feature that makes them
kind of cool because right now they are
sort of like potatoes and carrots and I
would wish that maybe rabbits would do
something with them and that they fix
the Villager harvesting and there's just
that special little feature missing what
could that be tell me in the comments
down below please and then I will see
you next time thank you very much for
watching watching leave a like if you
enjoyed and goodbye
[Music]