hello and welcome to the vegan corner
after our video for regular pancakes we
wanted to propose a recipe for
gluten-free pancakes as we are aware how
difficult it is to make proper food with
alternative gluten-free flours non wheat
flours react very strangely to both
water and cooking and for these reason
making good gluten-free foods can be a
challenge even for the most experienced
chefs the ingredient list is in the
description down below the video to
begin with
simply place all the ingredients into a
medium-sized bowl and stir to combine
them properly due to the absence of
gluten
we need the substitute to get a butter
with the elasticity of a regular pancake
batter
I wouldn't recommend using santan gum as
it is a pretty nasty ingredient not to
mention that it can be extremely
dangerous if not dissolved properly into
the food for the sake of making healthy
recipes we are not going to use any here
instead we are using psyllium husk which
is basically pure natural fiber once you
have the but already let it rest for
five minutes so that the psyllium have
the time to swell and thicken the butter
once the time has elapsed heat a pan
over a medium heat and get ready for
cooking if you haven't watched our
previous video for pancakes I strongly
suggest you to do so just to get a
better idea about this amazing dish when
the pan is hot pour in some of the
mixture and cook it for roughly one
minute or until you see the surface
drying completely as you can see here
once you've got the first side right you
can flip the pancake over and cook it on
the second side for roughly half the
time of the first side or until slightly
colored once you've done that you can
simply repeat the process until you are
out of butter it is important to mention
the gluten-free foods do not react well
if left to sit on the kitchen counter
for a few hours as they all tend to
become very hard and dry and here you
have the final pancakes
don't you dare telling me that these
pancakes don't look as appetizing and
mouth-watering as regular ones I hope
you enjoyed this recipe and if you did
please don't forget to give it a thumbs
up before moving on to the next recipe
which hopefully will be as delicious as
this one
you