hello welcome to the first episode of pH
cheese today we're going to be talking
about how to
correctly cut
cheese have you ever been to a party
where you brought a delicious array of
cheeses only to have them mishandled and
frankly butchered I'm going to show you
something
sad no wheel of Cam and bear should be
cut like that why not you might ask so
now I'm going to show you how to cut
five different types of cheeses with
five different forms the two essential
points to remember are that you should
have an equal proportion of rind and
cheese or the the paste below the Rind
and you also should always try to cut
from the center whenever possible as if
you're cutting from the center of a che
of a pizza pie of course the form is not
always the same so I'm going to start
with hay stack a goats milk cheese with
a bloomy Ry bloomy rind it's it's I'm
referring to this white rind on the
outside that you also see on this one
this is a bloomy rind and also on
cheeses like C and bear and Bri so what
I'm going to do here is I'm going to
first cut it in half because that will
help give us an
idea and then because the form of this
cheese is particular points up like this
I'm actually going to cut the top off
first and then I'm going to start
cutting it from the center so I'm going
to cut the first piece
here if I wanted to cut smaller pieces I
can just cut this one in
half and then I would just keep cutting
like this moving in this
direction the next cheese over here it's
another goats milk cheese this one's
from Colorado this one is from France
it's from the L Valley and it's called
santore and so you might be asking
yourself here it was obvious the center
is obviously the center of the pyramid
shape here where is the center Center is
actually running down the center of this
log like this if I were having it up
like that so the best way to get an
equal proportion of rind and cheese or
paste is you could I often would just
cut this in half like
that and then I will cut a piece I'll
cut pieces off like
that and
actually it's better to use when it's
really creamy like this you want to use
a really thin
knife and that helps you get an A Better
slice and you would just go down the log
like
that then we
have leas which is from Switzerland from
Thea it's a mountain range between
France and Switzerland and it's a cow's
milk cheese so we moving from goat to
cow's milk and for this one actually I
would cut it from here
first this cheese you're not these two
cheeses I didn't cut the cut the Rind
off the Rind is a part of the you're
going to eat the you should eat the rind
when you're eating the cheese this one
you're not going to eat the rind for a
couple of reasons you can actually eat
the r of this if you want but it doesn't
really add a lot of flavor to the cheese
and in this case you have paper on the R
so you're definitely not going to eat
that and then I would cut this in half
and then you could this in half and make
sort of Cubes like this and you're going
to keep going like this going down and
then you'll notice if you keep doing
that you get a lot of rind and not
enough
cheese because someone's going to end up
with a piece like that and you don't
want that so when you get down to here
something that I would do is then cut it
this way cut it through the center
there and then cut a piece here maybe
cut a piece like that but basically you
don't want to end up with a piece that's
just like this or even a piece like this
CU your your mostly
R and then we have Stilton so with
Stilton I definitely want a really thin
knife first I'm going to cut the stilt
in this is a big piece here so if I when
I'm entertaining I
would renting for a lot of people what I
would first do is cut a pie piece like
this okay I know that we're definitely
going to get
through I I know we're definitely get
through this much and then I'm going to
use this as my
center and I'm going to cut
pieces like
this and it's okay if it crumbles
sort of the nature of this of this
cheese and I would also maybe just put a
knife in there because at this point
it's really creamy so the longer it sits
out this is a good thing it'll have a
lot more flavor than if you just took it
right out of the fridge but at this
point you could probably even just put a
knife in there and just spread it onto
the onto the bread what you want to
avoid doing is cutting the cheese this
way that's what I would call butchering
the
cheese then we have a very different
cheese right here why is it different
cuz look how I'm going going to be
cutting
it first of all it's covered in Spruce
bark this is called Harbison it's from
Jasper Hill Farm in Vermont and it's
modeled after a
cheese um called Vash Vash mondor which
which is also from the Jura
um and it's made in Switzerland and it's
made in France the
aashim which is the cheese this is
modeled after and that cheese is so
creamy and you usually eat it in the
winter time basically you would just use
the Rind as
the uh lid you would treat the Rind as
the lid for the
cheese and you would just dip bread in
there or you would probably put a knife
in there rather and just spread it onto
the the
bread and then you if when you're done
with that uh taste that cheese tasting
you would just put it back on here and
then put the cheese back in the
fridge um so this has its has its own
set of rules because in this case
tradition trumps uh tradition trumps the
uh everything that I just just mentioned
about uh rind and cheese proportion and
cutting from the
center and now he's asking how do you
eat the
cheese just like that