nice to the ball chef in this evening
I'm putting together one of my favorite
Cajun recipes from New Orleans which is
blackened fish I'm going to be using
thrown tonight it's a freshwater fish
probably but lives down the southern
part of the United States knows a little
bit about drama you could also use
catfish and I've seen people use red
snapper to make blackened fish but its
original recipe something I tried an
early 80 down at a restaurant in Orleans
called
Cape hauls it's a famous restaurant down
there owned by Paul Prudhomme and it's
probably wanted the only items that he's
head contentiously had on his menu down
there it's that good I think I started
eating down there in the early eighties
and I found this to be pretty good stuff
I don't know this exactly it's Paul's
recipe but it's the one I like to use
and I'm going to be featuring in this my
new homemade blackening seasoning so if
you want to take a look at that video
it's available up on YouTube take a look
at so let's get started with this
blackened fish recipe from the Big Easy
and what I've done is I've got my drum
laid out here let it sit up for about 20
minutes here so it's not quite as cold
on what takes them some butter here that
I've just left out for about an hour I'm
just going to rub that over the fish
like so on both sides
it'll get this seasoning to stick a
little bit better and after I've got the
butter on this we're taking a little bit
of our blackening homemade black bean
powder here give us a liberal coating
each side here and then we will pop this
day off spread that evenly use any
store-bought variety it doesn't have to
be my recipe I mean I don't even like my
recipe but I will assure you if you try
it you will like it so flip these over
do the same thing on the other side and
season these pieces of drum up here and
Pat these down here with a nice liberal
coating seasoning on those and then
we're going to get our metal iron
skillet out here and I will show you how
to blacken these fillets up now the
trick to making a good black and fish is
use a cast-iron skillet and I'm gonna
put in about a stick of butter and this
this skillet needs to be very hot as the
butter starts to melt down here a little
bit I'm going to put the thicker cuts of
filet in there now this is good butter
by its nature is going to brown up too
so we'll put those first pieces in there
and let those go there for a minute
we'll be let those cook from it and
we'll come back and we'll throw the
little buns on there and this black and
fish recipe going there's anything
that's key to this recipe is not
overcook the fish so we'll put these
thinner fillets in here
and we'll let you go about two minutes
per side and come in for the flip all
right we've been at about two minutes
does it get you think the flip over oh
and there's a black and piece of fish
there if I've ever seen one this one
looks like whoa to get the cows on that
let the other ones small ones are go for
a little bit longer I'll flip those over
a little bit there's the finished
product of our blackened drama let's
take a little bite of this this piece
right here we don't get any bones in
here now tell you it's not dry it's not
salty it's got the right amount of spice
to it it's an amazing dish folks you
ought to give this one a try you can use
any type of fish you've got locally you
can use a singing technique for prime
rib or or chicken or anything else it's
just a blackening method and I'll tell
you what this is the winner of a recipe
give me a like if you liked it subscribe
to my channel got all kinds of different
things going on here I really appreciate
you coming in and taking a look at what
I'm doing here and as always the ball
ship says Bon Appetit