hi my name is Kat Kerr and today we're
making foa's in Crystal pendants we're
going to start off by missing the
crystal and the bead today we're using
the resin obsession it's a two to one
resin make sure that you're reading the
labels and that you're following proper
safety precautions I'm wearing gloves
and I also have some wax paper on my
surface I'm also using two moles a
crystal and a square bead mold I'm
combining the two parts of resin
together I'm going to mix them
thoroughly for about two minutes I'm
just gently folding it together
and then I'll let it rest for an
additional two minutes once the resin is
set for about two minutes I'm going to
add some resin obsession transparent dye
I only need a little bit so I'm going to
take my popsicle stick just grab a
little bit of color and mix it in the
resin at this point you can decide to
just mix it a little bit and you'll end
up with some really nice swirls in your
resin or you can do what I did which is
just mix it thoroughly and you'll end up
this warm solid transparent color
[Music]
once you've poured the resin into the
mold make sure you take a piece of wire
and pop any air bubbles especially at
the tip of the crystal once your resin
has cured add a little drop of dish soap
and water to the top of your crystal
mold this really helps in removing the
crystal
[Music]
next grab some brass filigree cut it if
necessary and you're going to use some
round pliers to shape the filigree
hammer it if necessary around the edges
to get the round shape
once you remove it from your plier you
have a nice round shape just gently open
it enough to fit the crystal through the
filigree next I'm going to take two
equal parts of epoxy salt I'm going to
mix them together following the package
direction I'll roll it into a ball and
then into a small cylinder
next I'll take the epoxy and place it
over the end of the resin crystal and
the brass silvery making sure to cover
both pieces I'll shake it with my
fingers and roll it until I reach a
desired shape
next I'll add some texture to the epoxy
sculpt with a rubber stamp as well as
embedding a small crystal into the epoxy
making sure that you press it in enough
to cover the size of the crystal and
also adding a clasp to the top of the
pendant
next our youthful bronze metallic powder
and added to the epoxy sculpt
now I'm using through Jack's patina to
add some color to the brass filigree
make sure you're reading the label and
following proper safety precautions a
little bit goes a very long way so I'm
just going to brush them on to the brass
filigree wipe it with a paper towel and
then I'll clean it thoroughly with a
baby wipe
next add some burnt umber to the epoxy
sculpt I wanted to get into all the
little grooves and texture that I
created then wipe it away with a paper
towel finish off by adding some gold
metallic wax dependent lastly I threaded
some of my resin beads onto a thin chain
and assembled my necklace
for more tutorials using reserved
session visit www.sap.com/learnbi for