hi this is robert astronet
livingpianos.com and
virtualsheetmusic.com
with another viewer question
a viewer asks i have an old piano with
ivory keys and i'm replacing it with
plastic should i save the ivories are
they worth something
well that's a really good question
the fact is selling ivory is illegal did
you know that on ebay if you even list
anything with the word ivory in it your
listing will be taken down they have
filters for that so you can't even if
you had a piano with ivory keys and you
wanted to advertise real ivory keys you
can't on ebay
the transportation of ivory overseas as
i mentioned earlier in other videos is
also illegal so
the question is what would you do with
those ivories you can't really sell them
very easily because the trade of ivory
is tightly controlled the best thing you
could do is give them to your piano
tuner who might be able to offer them as
fixes for people who might be missing
some ivory keys as i discussed in a
previous video so that's a long and
short of it really they're not
you think they're valuable and a few
years ago before the laws tightened a
set of ivories would cost thousands of
dollars but today i would not recommend
selling ivory the laws are tightly
regulated and for good reason to protect
elephants so if you have old ivories
give them away i wouldn't recommend
selling them thanks for the great
question and thanks all of you for the
questions coming in here to robert
livingpianos.com here also at
virtualsheetmusic.com see you next time
you