[Music]
hi everyone its Tatyana from Tatiana's
everyday food and welcome back to my
kitchen so today I wanted to show you
guys how to make pan-seared baby
potatoes with a garlic butter now I
absolutely love this dish
it's my favorite side dish and it's a
great alternative to mashed potatoes
it's great to serve with just about
everything barbecues steaks salads you
name it this is a perfect complement to
just about every dish and I love it
because it's so simple to make so let's
get started on our recipe I love this
recipe because it requires so few
ingredients so I have 2 pounds of baby
potatoes and I've cut them in half I'm
going to set these aside and now for my
garlic butter so I have half a cup of
butter that I've cut into smaller pieces
I've placed it into a small saucepan to
this I'm gonna add 1/3 cup of minced
garlic so how about 6 or 7 garlic cloves
here I'm also gonna add about a teaspoon
of dried basil leaves I'm gonna sprinkle
them in now we're gonna take all this
over to the stove top you want to melt
your butter over high heat and then turn
the heat down to low and cook the garlic
for about 20 to 25 minutes until it's
really soft and tender so I'm gonna let
that cook meanwhile we could start on
there potatoes so I'm heating a large
pot of water over high heat I'm going to
season this with a little bit of salt
and we're gonna add our potatoes right
into that hot water so these need to
cook for about 12 to 15 minutes we want
to cook them until they're almost fork
tender but still have a little bit of
firmness left in them once your potatoes
are cooked you want to drain them and
set them aside and now we're ready for
our next step so I'm heating a large pan
over medium heat I'm gonna add a little
drizzle of olive oil in there we're
gonna add our potatoes in I'm gonna
season them with a little bit of salt
and ground black pepper and give my
potatoes a good quick toss here just to
they're seasoned well next I'm gonna
take a spoon and then flip them over so
you want the open side to be facing down
first into the pan we're going to cook
them this way for about 5 to 7 minutes
until that open-face forms a gold
crispy crust so I'm flipping my baby
potatoes over now that they've been
frying and look at how beautiful and
golden brown that is they're so crispy
and there's they just look amazing I'm
sure they're gonna be so delicious once
we bite into them so I'm gonna turn them
over and fry them on the other side for
a few minutes as well I just took my
potatoes off the stovetop and now I'm
gonna add my garlic butter and this
looks and smells so amazing that garlic
is really nice and tender now and it's
gonna add so much flavor to our potatoes
and now for my own unique little taste
so in my Slovak family we like to add a
little bit of chopped dill and then
serve these potatoes with the side of
sour cream so this is absolutely
optional but if you want a little taste
of Russian Ukrainian food you can
definitely try adding a chopped dill and
now it's time to give our dish a try I
love to get lots of garlic for myself so
I'm gonna scoop up a little bit of extra
onto my plate here and I'm gonna add a
little dollop of sour cream perfect I
just want to say that the garlic butter
smells so good it smells like oven
roasted garlic that you've had an oven
for a few hours
just amazing I'm gonna get a little bit
of the garlic some sour cream these are
still high just took them off the
stovetop mmm this is so so good it's
great even on its own with that sour
cream the garlic just so so good
everything combined together tastes
fantastic but of course this is also
great for a side dish perfect with some
other roasted chicken breasts some steak
some coleslaw this is such a great and
easy dish to make so I hope you guys
have enjoyed this video recipe make sure
to subscribe to my youtube channel share
this video recipe with all your family
and friends and I'll see you guys next
time