hey everyone i know it's been a long
time no see i'm kind of in a new
set up i'm still in my room but i've
been trying to rearrange my room a
little so been a little bit preoccupied
with that sorry for the lack of videos
but i really miss you guys and i'm so
excited about what's going on behind me
um it's still kind of a mess back there
and i'm still reorganizing things but
i'm just excited because i i love how my
room looks so much more now but maybe
one day i'll do a room tour once
everything is finished anyways on to
this video i want to show you guys um
how to apply blush i can't believe i've
never done a how to apply blush video
before i'm going to cover cream blushes
and powder blushes and this is a sigma
video so we're going to be highlighting
some sigma brushes that i adore and work
really well for applying blush so stay
tuned and yes there will be a giveaway
towards the end so stay tuned for that
too so let's start with cream blushes i
generally like to apply them right after
i've done my foundation and concealer
and before i've set my face with any
powders so we're going to use a really
bright pink blush this is hot pink by
nyx one of the type of brushes that i do
like to use with cream blushes would be
these duo fiber brushes you can see i
have the little one and the larger one
for such a bright color i'm going to use
the little one today so that we can be a
little bit more precise with where we're
applying it we're just going to lightly
dab it in
and then before i even place this on my
cheek i'm actually going to dab some
right off onto my hand just pretty much
that excess that's really going to be
like dark and spotty and then i always
like to start
more in the center and by center okay
this is the area that i'll be applying
the blush right by the center i mean
like right in this area i don't always
like to go right right here and you
definitely don't want to go right here
because then you'll deposit too much
color there and unless you want most of
your color there you know you can start
back here but i like to go more towards
the center here
so i'm just going to very gently just
start to deposit the color onto my cheek
and then just blend that in
kind of pull some back
and then pull whatever you have
remaining forward and that way you don't
have way too much blush right up here
just gonna do one more layer so you can
see it a little better
okay just like that
and if you kind of want more of that
cute look then
bring more towards like the apples right
here the other kind of brush that i like
to use for cream blushes would be this
one this is what's so fantastic about
the sigma precision brushes so dense and
because it's small like this it pretty
much mimics your fingers so if you can
imagine using your fingers to apply the
cream blush it's kind of like the
similar idea because these brushes do a
great great job at buffing out color so
if you're using something like this in
such a bright or darker color that you
want to make sure you buff out
these brushes are great for that so i'm
just going to pretty much do the same
thing again dab in dab some right off
onto the hand and then once again i'm
going to start in the center area again
just right here
and then you could even like just kind
of dab where you want the color to be
before you buff it out
but this will deposit more color because
it is a denser brush but at the same
time i love this brush because you
really can just buff it out spreading it
out
more towards the apple of the cheek
and then blending it back
now if you're wondering what to do from
here you could definitely just set your
face with a powder if you don't want to
change up the color of the cream blush
too much because sometimes i'll use like
a colored powder you know something
that'll actually kind of warm it up a
little you could just use something
that's more translucent such as this
like black powder translucent powder
isn't going to mess with the color in
fact it's probably just going to tone it
down a little so if i'm just going to be
wearing powder blush and no cream blush
underneath you can certainly layer them
if you want to but if i'm just going to
be doing the powder blush by itself then
i would apply my foundation and then i
would make sure to set my foundation and
everything first so that you know you
don't have like blush sticking onto your
foundation so once you set your
foundation it's going to be much easier
to blend your blush on top of it so i'm
just taking my black powder and grabbing
my kabuki which i usually like to keep
in my purse just for touch-ups and i'm
just going to set this area that i just
applied some fresh foundation on
i like to apply my bronzer first before
i do my blush so i'm just going to do
that real quick just grabbing the
tapered face brush along with my bronzer
and definitely feel free to check out my
other video on how to apply bronzer
so as you can see this alone will bring
some color to the cheeks and i love
how blush looks blended into it but you
can apply blush without the bronzer i
just like to apply bronzer because it
really just brings like some life back
into your face okay now i'm going to
show two different ways i would apply
blush with a brush
let's grab the larger duo fiber brush
this time and we're going to use this
kind of like
burnt type of rusty peachy color this is
nyx's mocha and i'm just going to
lightly dab it in
and then just apply a light layer of
that very similar to how i used with the
cream blush i've just put a really light
layer of that i'll go ahead and do the
same thing on this side once again
and that just warms up the cheeks really
really nicely but my all-time favorite
powder blush brush would have to be this
one the large angled contour brush you
can use this to contour your cheeks if
you want to
i specifically really love to use this
for powder blush and i'm going to use
this one this is kind of like a really
cute pink blush that i've been obsessed
with this is max pink spoon and i'm just
going to dab it in a few times since
that isn't as dark of a blush color but
if you want to just ever
be sure that you're not going to get too
much on your cheek just dab it on your
wrist or hand just do the same exact
thing just apply this to the center
right here and then bring it back and
then whatever's remaining bring that
more to the front like the apples of the
cheeks here
i just kind of like to use different
brushes for different types of blush
colors or textures
and it really i mean there's no right or
wrong way it's just however you like to
so that is pretty much how i like to
apply a blush a few different ways a few
different brushes i hope that you guys
found that helpful in any way
and let's move on to the giveaway so as
usual each month we have the 500
giveaway so five of you will have the
chance to win a hundred dollar gift
certificate and all you have to do is
just comment down below mentioning sigma
in some way if you don't mention sigma
then it could just be any comment and
i'll know that you're not entering but
just include sigma somehow into your
comment and leave whatever other
comments you like too because i love to
read them and i appreciate your comments
and thumbs up and everything a lot and
i'm also going to include in this
giveaway a pairs palette the one that i
was involved with
and along with that is this sigma
limited edition travel kit the paris one
with the red handles it's like a mini
travel kit and i decided it made sense
to pair these two together paris and
paris so this would be an exciting thing
to win and if you'd like to be included
in you know kind of like entering the
raffle to win this all you have to do is
include paris in your comment i know it
might seem like a lot to remember but if
you want a chance to win one of the gift
certificates to shop on their site which
would be a hundred dollars five of you
will be getting that then just include
sigma in your comment and then if you
also would like a chance to win this
then include paris in your comment and
just so that we can have more winners
i'll have it so that it's six winners
total and good luck
i'm really excited about this because
about a year ago around this time i was
in paris so i thought how appropriate to
give this away and i can't believe i'm
even giving this away because i don't
have one of my own um but i have plenty
of brushes and i want you guys to
win some stuff so love you good luck the
giveaway will go on until this time of
day i think i'm going to keep this
giveaway really short this time if you
follow me on facebook and twitter i
usually mention when there's a giveaway
even if the giveaway isn't in the title
i will tell you that there is a giveaway
included in the video so thank you to
those of you who are already following
me on there definitely good luck and
also follow me on instagram because i
love instagram where i post random daily
pictures from my life so thank you so
much for watching once again thank you
again to sigma as usual and i'll see you
guys in my next video bye