some of the end user replaceable parts
on the roland printer cutters are the
wipers and the felt on the V S series to
replace the wiper and felt on here you
will go into the menu then down to
submenu over and down to maintenance
under maintenance the first thing that
comes up is cleaning will go down from
that to replace wiper when I press ENTER
it'll move the cutting head out of the
way and rotate the wiper assembly so the
wiper is accessible to access them to
get to the wiper will remove the cover
and the wiper is located inside right
here the replacement wiper looks like
this notice the curve of the wiper the
curve will go towards the head when we
replace it in the machine there are two
holes at the bottom of the wiper that
connect into two stanchions on the
bottom of the assembly we'll use a pair
of tweezers to remove the old one to
remove the old wiper use the tweezers
and a weeding tool or some similar
device to pull it off of the stanchions
on both sides gently pull it out from
the assembly
take the new wiper keep the curvature
towards the head and place it back in
the assembly make sure that the holes
are over the stanchions in the assembly
the wiper has been replaced when you've
completed replacing the wiper you go
back to the menu and it's asking if it's
finished I'll press enter it will prompt
me to close the cover once the cover is
replaced it will return the cutting head
to its position and go through a
cleaning cycle once the cleaning cycle
is complete now we can go and replace
the felt life to access that we'll go
down one from the replace wiper in the
maintenance menu to replace felt hit
enter it will once again bring the
cutting head over so we can access the
felt wiper and rotate the wiper assembly
so it's up it tells us to remove the
cover and now we can see inside the felt
wiper the felt wiper is constructed very
close to the same as the rubber wiper it
does not have a curve so you can put
either side in has the same holes to fit
into the stanchions in the assembly will
replace it the same as we did the rubber
wiper
the new felt is replaced it into the
same spot where the old felt came from
once we've completed replacing the felt
wiper it's asking us if we're finished
press enter it will prompt you to close
the cover on the right side and shut the
door if we've had that open it will
return the cutting head back over and
perform a cleaning cycle when completed
simply press the menu button again to
get back to the main display and you're
ready to set up sheet and process a job