welcome to episode 85 of the guitar
Builders Basics video podcast Lu's tips
tricks and training from me benro K
Crimson guitars in the UK it is a chilly
chilly morning today um but but all is
good uh as you know the the competition
has closed the giveaway of various plums
uh for upon reaching our
30,000th
subscriber uh we were rather heavily
over subscribed about nearly 300 people
uh entered so I need to pick through
that and find out who entered first and
and all of that jazz um I really am
absolutely taken by uh taken by
surprise hold on for a second never pull
a file backwards ever we have a student
in the building um
anyway
now here is today's question oh yes
questions you've got to ask the
questions otherwise I can't answer them
so ask in the forums at Crimson
guitars.com put a link to your question
in the members questions for a show bit
you don't have to be a premium paid
member in order to uh post on the forums
and all of that and answer Etc we've got
well over a thousand members now and uh
it's a growing and Vibrant Community or
you can ask in the comments underneath
this video and uh if I see it because
there are more and more of them uh now
that we're at 30,000
subscribers um we will you know I'll
answer or email through to Guild crimson
guitars.com and uh if you have any ideas
for uh products or services that you'd
like to see Crimson guitars offer um you
know a new tool to add T luthia supplies
or a new service or something please uh
send that email through too we
are this entire thing is all entirely
because of you I use the word entire too
many times in that sentence entirely too
many times in that sentence uh anyhow
this is a question from myth and he is a
guild member he says uh you mentioned
making an acrylic guitar body last
podcast and this is a relatively old
question it was well we do podcasts
every dayish so anyway in a recent
podcast you are mentioned making an
acrylic guitar body it's a cool idea
that I might give a shot at myself uh
now I get making a bolt-on neck for the
wood for the wood neck but how in the
hell did you join an acrylic headstock
to a neck does it just glue on like any
other scarf
joint uh first of all if you're
considering making an acrylic
instrument I did not wear a gas mask of
any
sort
and uh this is the prototype for gold CS
Bas player Charlie Jones and uh I carved
this out of a single solid 4ot by foot
and a bit block you know this thing was
two Ines
thick and uh I did not wear a gas mask
of any sort and I should have um it was
absolutely messy and smelly and not
particularly Pleasant to work with
um uh other tips are it polishes just
like lacer if you are patient you can
work through the Grits um so do your
carving with a router or angle grinder
or something like that and uh or even
chisels and handles actually work as
well uh to a certain
extent F sand random water sander and go
up through the Grits right up to 1500 to
2,000 or so and then it polishes up like
a lacer and you get a beautiful shiny
surface um I in those days tried to uh
miss a few steps and wasn't quite so
good now as to the glue conundrum basic
Al yes it does um perspex will glue
acrylic will glue I think they're pretty
much the same thing and uh you can make
the scarf joint in exactly the same way
as you would on a normal uh a normal
guitar now let me try and rest this
somewhere where I can see the
headstock when I make a scarf joint I
tend I tend to try and have the Joint
inside of the headstock so that I can
cover it with a veneer front and back I
also tend tend not to do scarf joints my
necks are either one piece or a multi-
laminate one piece thing uh however when
gluing a ppc's head on I would have the
scarf come underneath the neck so that
you've got the extra strength from the
fretboard uh and obviously you didn't
you don't particularly want wood
appearing up here
um the real question is what glue to use
and and another reason to wear a gas
mask is that the best glue I found was
cyano acry or uh super glue lots of it
not that thin
weedy watery type stuff good old medium
viscosity uh or thick viscosity even
superglue um industrial stuff slather it
on spread it out and clamp up as normal
and it basically melts the perspec a
little bit and glues it in and you're
fine one other thing that I did when I
was building a perspect instrument for
um uh the guitarist with suu in the
Banshees actually um we made a wooden
neck wooden
headstock and I cut out the entire
Center of that wooden headstock and
inlaid a ruby red perspect block through
the center
so so basically it had a wooden outline
line and the person Center uh I'm not
entirely sure why we did it that way um
it didn't it it definitely worked the
problem is you can see the
joints uh and you can see the glue
through the perspects obviously and it
it
um yes I don't think I would do it that
way again but I'm giving you options
anyway thank you very much for watching
please don't forget to subscribe if
you'd like to support us financially and
uh help pay the uh the wages of the uh
young lady my sister who's uh editing
all these videos for us um then you can
join the guild as a paid member or go
and check out our tools at crimson
guitars.com and uh and the best thing at
the moment is our new nuts slotting
multi-tool which is amazing don't go and
buy it right now because uh there's a
bit of a delay we've had too many sold
uh where's the
Prototype here's the Prototype
and uh we've
got all the gauges that you need uh the
actual the the big one comes with 15
different gauges anything you will ever
need is a repairment um anyway
advertising over have an awesome day I
will see you tomorrow uh actually here
we go people have been asking me to uh
do
a I suspect the people don't believe
that we actually have staff working here
or that maybe I'm making it up how many
we've got and people have been asking me
for the last week or so if we can do a
short tour of uh the workshop
introducing you to people and uh we're a
bit short St today but tomorrow I will
wander around the workshop and introduce
you to people and uh you're just going
to have to uh forgive the
mess um uh anyway so that'll be
tomorrow's video have an awesome day
goodbye
I just said tomorrow's video I lied I
lied through my teeth tomorrow's video
is going to be um an unboxing of a whole
load of new Triton uh tools because
tomorrow is Saturday I'm recording this
on Thursday for Friday on Friday I'm
going to be recording Monday's video
which is going to be a short tour of the
workshop um doing these things slightly
in advance is ever so confusing ever so
slightly confusing I'm going to go now
goodbye