hi everybody I want to share with you
this cool quick tip about how to grow a
rake in no super stress and here it is
over the winter we had a ton of snow
this year and all I did was bury my
oregano with a piece of wood over on the
top just a little piece and you can see
I'll show you if you just put a pizza
will be your oregano even through sea of
snow it will do awesome and you can see
it's already I'm still there growing
oregano here's my I could even eat it if
I wanted to it's growing faster already
back all the parts that were buried in
with a piece of wood over the top of it
you could see the branches are already
green and fine so try that if you have
oregano growing and you wanted to get a
head start on it in the next year just
cover it with a piece of wood like this
it's like going maybe a half-inch thick
plank and just cover the main plant and
all the branches with it and then when
the snow it's gone you can uncover it
and you'll see the oregano is still
growing where are my other plants over
here there's nothing so it works really
good on the oregano here you can see
it's growing just fine so get a head
start on your original bush try this
trick look at that big pot right there
still growing it's student fantastic
look at that I could eat it right now if
I want so many branches great growing
job another way if you don't have the
board handy heavily mulch it with lots
of leaves through the winter I did that
too and it uncovered for me a ton of
great growing oregano already it's
looking awesome look at that so much
oregano so try let me know which way
works best for you they work fantastic