[Music]
ingredient time but we're going to need
for our green posole our pasta lardelli
is half a chicken you can use whatever
part of the chicken that you want that
has a bone because we need the flavor
from the bone so you can even do the
chicken breast or the drumsticks
whatever your family prefers we're gonna
need two roasted poblanos and one
Anaheim we're gonna need 1 medium onion
if you have a large one you can just cut
it in half how I did you're gonna need
half a garlic or if these these are
actually pretty large so I'm going to be
using 6 so you can use about 68 and you
need about 10 to 12 tomatillos
[Music]
one bay leaf and a little bit of oil and
some white hominy if you find the can
that has the yellow hominy you should be
okay to use it I just this is more of a
lighter type of postulate so that's why
I chose with the white and if you find
the smaller can you can use that because
I'm only going to be using half of this
but if your family likes the hominy a
lot then you can just pour the whole can
in there so let me go ahead and get it
started
[Music]
you're gonna need a pot I'm gonna use
this one because I find that when i use
my mexican dishes i get a very authentic
and delicious flavor but if you have a
huge pot just anything will work my
views club knows that i like to make
things simple so that you can make them
and then when you have the time to make
things authentically and we'll get into
that once in a few years i think but for
now i think we're doing okay and keeping
things as starter dishes so that way you
can make it comfortable for your home I
already have my pot with hot water in
there what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add
my chicken I have the neck I don't ever
throw these away if I'm making it for
broth I always keep them in because you
don't have to eat it if you don't like
it but I really like the flavor that it
gives our food so what we're gonna do
we're gonna put that in there you want
to add your onion your salt
your garlic
and your bayleaf if you really like bay
leaf you can go into I'm only gonna do
what you guys already know my little
nesco it's already some really hot water
so I'm gonna pour water until it covers
it completely I know my pot seems like
it's not going to work out with all the
ingredients I have but because I do have
little ones at home I take the chicken
out and I try to make it into easier
pieces for when I scoop it out for them
they enjoy it without having to worry
about the bones benefits of having a
mother that spoils you so go ahead and
put this on a medium-high heat
we wanted to come to a boil before we
bring it down in temperature so I'll see
you guys once this has achieved a good
boil okay my lovely friends when you
boiled your chicken at a high this is
what you want to do with all this bubble
because this is all the dirty stuff from
the chicken so you want to try and get
as much of that as you can out if you
don't have one of these handy little
things that I have just scoop it up with
a spoon if for some reason you get
distracted and you forget about it you
should be okay because it's gonna be in
a really hot water and the rims are
gonna end up getting darker I mean I
I've done that many many of times but do
you have a chance and you want this bowl
sorta to come out super clean and pretty
oh and those bubbles usually come up
when you're using a chicken that has a
bone and I think instead of saying you
guys I'm gonna start saying my friends
okay friends because you guys are my
friends me some Eagles me some me guys I
hang out with you guys almost every day
for the past almost three years I can't
believe it
it's also grateful for you guys you are
the best company I enjoy communicating
with you guys and we're really good
friends you and me we're in a club so
what you want to do now with this you're
gonna boil this this took about 15
minutes to do so we're gonna keep
on for another let's go with 45 minutes
I think that should be a good amount for
you guys to keep it up
I put the lid on and I boiled it for
another four minutes and you can see the
bubbles come up it just depends on when
you turn that heat on a on a medium or a
high it'll give you that option it's all
the bubbles out see I'm putting on a
little bit of a high for you guys so you
guys can see how the bubbles start
rising up I don't see you lemonade all
of them I have a little gift stumping
over here you want to say hello baby
you're invisible today okay you'll see
them when the food comes out guys are we
gonna see your face when you taste the
food yes so good today
you're a transformer baby oh we got
punky over here in the house say hello I
think we should be good with what we
have going on here guys so just put the
lid on it and then we got another 45
minutes to go by you'll set the alarm
for me so they're being super helpful to
mama in the kitchen and yeah we're
having a good time yo C of E and of
40-thousand the 40,000 FS and Wow and it
what we're gonna do we're gonna put all
our tomatillos and whatever juice came
out of them into our blender okay ooh
there we go you want to add your Chili's
alright we're gonna blend
[Music]
if you're going to be making your pasola
valve this spicy you also want to make
sure you add your serrano or your
jalapeno when you're blending it
[Music]
[Music]
so I ended up with about five cups with
the tomatillo and the Chili Peppers my
kitchens a little bit crusty lately I'm
due for a deep-clean here in a week a
week and a half so I'm gonna do what I
can
they're with me here's what we're gonna
do now ready in this pan you're gonna
add a little oil a teaspoon on a medium
pan you're gonna put the ingredients
that you blend it and all that good
stuff out I hope you guys are enjoying
this view a lot better I know my hands
are a little bit in the way but I'm
trying to come up with a better angle
for you guys to get the best view of
what you need to do or to help
yourselves again my friends my recipes
our starter recipes to get you started
and make it comfortable for your home I
know how to make traditional Mexican
food just I have a busy life just like
you guys do I mean homeschooling itself
takes up most of my day so yeah let's
let's let's cook this up
[Music]
so this should only take you about four
to five minutes to cook and make sure
you mix it and keep an eye on it okay
it's been about 45 minutes so what I'm
gonna do now is I'm gonna take my
chicken out because I want to cut it
into pieces that my babies can eat and
honestly I don't like messing with the
bone when it comes into my soup I just
want to go to town on it and you guys
have seen me I like to eat so I like to
make it as easy as possible and I have
to worry about burning my fingers at the
bone just blow on my spoon and consume
so I don't know why I took that onion
out leave it in and keep your pot
boiling on low
[Music]
all right take as much of the of the
meat as you can off the chicken it is
very important to use all of your
chicken is chicken gave its life to feed
your family to feed you so let's not let
anything go to waste
and I hope you have your good music I've
been listening to a lot of Midland
lately I think my mix is usually
middling ariana grande right now and
Little Debbie always real people so so
the food comes out good because I'm
always dancing jamming
he is always see me happy cuz I only
recorded I'm happy if I'm moody I won't
record or if I need I need to regroup
I don't record cuz I don't treat my
friends like that I treat my friends
with kindness and love you know
alright I'm gonna move this over while
it cools so that I can get started on
this side and that's pretty much what I
do I think um a lovely friend mentioned
that she puts her chicken in a
KitchenAid and helps get all the Bona
that works for you guys go ahead go for
it so big ok friends what we're gonna do
now is we're gonna go ahead and pour in
all of our so my co and our chili blend
don't leave any of it behind cuz you
know I'm gonna tell you something okay I
get deep really quick and somebody's
risk their life to pick our Tomatoes
like all of these things were all
involved with each other so the happier
we are and the more grateful we are when
we do things the better our life will be
I just wanted to say that to you guys
okay and I'm gonna add half but this is
my whole can I already rinsed and washed
it so I'm going to add half of this
it's about right and then if my kids end
up wanting more I can just go ahead and
pour more in because I think it's always
the kids that prefer prefer more of the
of the hominy and now we're gonna go
ahead and add our chicken bouillon and
our chicken I mean half a chicken it
wasn't that much but it's it's plenty
for us to get our flavors going bring
your pot to a medium high because we
want it to come to a good boil and let
it boil for about three minutes before
you taste the salt content if you like
the flavor then you can just keep it
that way but if you feel like you need
more of a flavor and if you're like me
that loves the Knorr chicken bouillon
flavor in my soups and my food then
we're gonna start adding half a teaspoon
at a time
okay so let's just wait for this to come
to a boil I went ahead and tasted this
and you should already know me I could
taste the chicken broth I can taste the
tomatillo I can taste the chili peppers
but I need a little bit more of that
chicken flavor coming through so I'm
gonna go ahead and start with one
tablespoon and see where we go from
there okay and I also feel that the bay
leaf that I have didn't bring in the
flavor that I needed so I'm gonna add
another bay leaf in here
I appreciate you guys being so patient
with me when I give you the measurements
and the ingredients and I'm working on a
cookbook for you guys on the side I am
occupied it's gonna take me some time
and I think cooking and learning these
recipes as we go is gonna make it a lot
easier for when the cookbook comes out
for you guys to say okay this one's
gonna give me a great flavor and any
adjustments you do are gonna be minor I
decided to do a cookbook because I get
at least one message a day about a
cookbook so thank you guys for inspiring
me and requesting me any adjustments I
make along the way I'll make sure to add
them before the screen so that way you
guys see how I adjusted it and made it
comfortable for my taste buds my palate
that way when you guys are cooking
you're saying okay well she do this I
can go ahead and do this and it helps
you out that way it has a right amount
of salt it has a right amount of
tartness from local materials and
whenever I make a soup especially a
light soup like this one I get a bunch
of green onions and this is optional
because I know a lot of people don't
like onions and you're gonna write when
you're gonna give it the last boil
you're gonna add that in I personally
like the Anaheim peppers cuz once you
boil them you still have the thick skin
and I like to scrape it with my spoon or
my teeth so I'm gonna put them in and
these are these are optional as well
because I love Anaheim peppers
so once we've added the onions and if
you want to try it with the anime and
peppers or if you feel like you need a
little bit more spice you can cut your
Serrano or your jalapeno in half it just
depends on what you like and when your
family enjoys we're gonna go ahead and
boil this for about 30 to 45 more
minutes and we're gonna be ready by then
so let's go ahead and boil this all
right friends our post ona has been
going on for about 35 minutes so it
looks pretty good to me it looks set so
what you want to do at this point you
want to get some oregano and this is
optional that's why I kept it here at
the end if you don't like oregano don't
use it but it's very important that if
you can get a hold of some Mexican
oregano that you use oregano for that
this is 1 teaspoon of oregano you know
put it in your hand right here and
you're gonna mash it up real good like
this dropped a few put it in
mix it around put a lid on it get all
your stuff together so that it's ready
to serve
and we're done with up a little bit of
this so now let's go ahead and taste it
[Music]
your Costa Maya bowls Baiul okay so this
is what we got he's gonna taste it you
know my baby he's been venturing more
into flavors and he's never had this
before guys let's start with the broth
first cuz I know you love brah
[Music]
beware this is very hot extremely hot do
you want to say hello say good evening
when I started a is when was he asked
that big when I started where I started
okay
if you slurping like that you might
choke careful ok ha ha wait wait wait
try the corn in chicken right now when I
serve your plate because you get to put
when I serve him his plate he gets to
put a few little ice cubes on the top
cuz we're gonna set it up real nice oh
it's fine okay you're being brave now be
honest and I know your particular about
the chicken sometimes so I want you to
be honest let me find a little piece for
you a tiny one ha ha
is that a yes what I do is I use let me
show you this Nestle um half cream I
don't know if you guys can see it let me
bring it up close in there we go I use
some of this cream with a little bit of
salt and pepper okay right now when you
sit down you can give it a taste right
now I know how much you love this why do
you have to like you've never had it
you're nervous you don't like it
alright guys I got so dirty already
right okay you're breaking all the faux
pas
alright go wash your hands
go try your brother you get ready to eat
thank you guys so much for all your
requests I appreciate you guys showing
up to the views club hey if you're new
to the channel and you haven't
subscribed make sure to subscribe if you
want to become a bell go ahead and click
that Bell and get some notifications and
you just jump right on it with you and
pick that Bell for some notifications
cuz you can all right guys I gotta serve
my troops thank you guys so much for
joining me and I'll see you guys on the
next one don't forget to come back and
let me know how this worked out for you
again your recipe might have a little
bit of changes because it will depend on
your chicken it will depend on your
chili peppers it will depend on your
onion and on your mood so make sure that
when you cook you're happy so that's it
gonna say bye funky you have a family
Barrowman you guys think that he's
getting taller than me he stands on a
stool I forgot to tell you the longer
your soup sets the better it gets the
next day who is gonna be even more
but if you can't resist till the next
day it's still gonna be really good