hey guys and welcome to another episode
today I'm going to show you how to
detail rubber floor mats now today I'm
working on my friend's 2015 Ford f-150
and he brought it in for an interior
detail
I'm currently already cleaned out the
interior of the car however I still need
to clean out the floor mats now I've got
rubber ones here and cloth ones there I
recently showed you guys how to detail
cloth interior seats and you guys can
basically do that exact same process to
cloth carpets now today I'm going to be
working on the rubber ones so how do you
take care of these well I've got two
products that I like to use you can
either use a garage garage rubber
cleaner or you can also use maguire
super degreaser now I've got both of
them diluted in a bottle and they're
both diluted 8 to 1
both of these products work the exact
same way so you can use the mcguire
super degreaser if you guys have it but
if you don't you guys can buy a
dedicated rubber cleaner to get this
done now if I were you and if you don't
have either of these i would go with the
mcguire super degreaser only because
it's very versatile and you can use it
on almost anything so step one is going
to be wetting the entire floor mat down
now the reason why you're doing this is
you're going to try and remove any of
the big dirt or particles that are on
the floor mat now just so that when you
use the product on the floor mat the
product is going to agitate with the
embedded dirt that's inside the floor
mat instead of just agitating with the
stuff that's on the surface so spray
down the entire floor mat with the
product and then start agitating it with
a brush now depending on the complexity
of the floor mat you're going to have to
use a different brush so if you have a
very complicated floor mat like this
that has a lot of grooves designs and
even has a little bit of text you're
going to probably have to go with a
finer hog hair brush to get this done
now the reason being is that it's much
finer than say a very stiff brush and
that's going to get in all the cracks
and intricacies of the floor mat if you
have a very simplistic floor mat with no
real designs or anything you can get by
by using a very large bristle brush just
like the mothers one that I have next to
me to get it all done that's going to
get a good 90% of the area done where
any of the finer areas you could follow
up afterwards with a finer brush now you
don't really make this easier for me
this detail brush that I'm using right
now this boars hairbrush is probably one
of the best brushes I've ever used the
reason being is it's got a nice handle
the bristles are made from boars hair
and it's very chemical resistant I'll
throw a link to a similar one in the
description so if you guys want you guys
can pick one up grab your hose and rinse
down any of the dirt and foam that's
left on the floor mat if your floor mats
are still dirty you can hit it again and
clean it for the second time for the
second time around I'm going to use the
griot garage rubber cleaner to clean it
out now you spray it down in the floor
mat just like you will with the mcguire
super degreaser and then agitate it with
your brush for this time I'm also going
to be using a different brush this is a
mother's engine bay detailing brush and
it's going to be used to clean out all
the dirt that's in the floor mat rinse
that down and you'll be left with
amazing results now after this is clean
and it's wet you can drive this off with
a terry cloth a microfiber towel and air
compressor or if you want you can even
leave this outside by spending the two
seconds to clean these mats up you can
go from this
to this now as I said don't put any
coatings on here especially if you're
the driver if you put coatings on the
floor mat your feet we're going on here
and they're going to be going and
touching the brake pedal and your foot
might slip off the brake when you're
driving you don't want that to happen
because you'll definitely cause an
accident if you guys have any good tips
regarding detailing floor mats throw
them down in the comments section and
I'd be happy to give them a read make
sure you guys are also follow me on
Facebook and Instagram I'll have links
in the description so you guys can check
that out and start following me and
Stocking me thanks for watching guys
I'll see you in the next one peace
you
you
hey guys and welcome to another episode
to run