[Music]
welcome to another episode of mighty
camel is proudly supported by just car
insurance
now we recently got a message from John
who says dear mighty karma is his name
really John might be Tom for Dean from
Adelaide we changed his name didn't we
here to protect the guilty
dear Mighty Car Mods I just bought a
secondhand cargo John and was wondering
if you can show me how to change the
fluids well mighty knows how to change
the fluids John so it's a good thing you
are so he's gonna do it an old film it
it's a great deal that's right we've
continued our love affair with these
tiny pieces of Japanese metal and the
fact that you can free point turn them
in a standard driveway means they're a
perfect run about Maddy's done his usual
trick of finding the filthiest example
in the whole of Australia and brought it
to mighty mods headquarters so we can
get to work on it
we've affectionately named this vehicle
the blue turd
my favorite thing of finding it from
this car from every other little saw
that we've owned is that this one's a
2002 which means it gets mad taillights
and the only other thing you get for
your extra year and extra money is a bit
release cable so you get a little thing
here can pop the boot like that that's
the only thing they've changed after two
years Martin because the car was already
it was already so perfect let's see that
that didn't stop someone from ruining it
are they yours no don't smell them ah 30
yeah I don't know what that is a blanket
yeah but someone's been making a quilt
loan it's like proper quilters blanket
it's got tools another oh that's that's
relatively normal there's no more human
slime or anything weird in there's a bit
of a newspaper down there mum's date no
page 36
there's more newspaper though string and
stuff under the wheel button reasonably
close reasonably clean this is he's
cleaner than the more rubber bear the
other car somebody over there Apes her
other man's tools more crap that doesn't
stink too bad it doesn't the seats stink
though okay yeah she she now people ask
us all the time how do I get into
working on my own car well one good way
to do it is to buy a cheap little
runabout like that that you're not too
precious about you're not to be scared
to break to work on it today we're going
to do this entire service for around a
hundred bucks and tools you're going to
need our spanners pliers a soil filter a
removal tool of some description some
screwdrivers and a socket set and as for
the actual fluids that you're going to
need we've got coolant we've got gearbox
oil engine oil brake fluid power
steering fluid and we've got some spark
plugs and a brand new oil filter to keep
it clean and mad most of what we're
gonna do today takes place in the engine
bay we're going to drain all the old
fluids out of the car and replace it all
with fresh stuff the first step is to
jack up the car
stick some axle stands under it for
safety and pop the bonnet now it's a
whole lot easier to work on your car
when the engine bays nice and cool
we just had a look in the radiator and
whoever owned this before we're just
running playing water we're gonna flush
out the whole thing and fill it with
proper Korn coolant raises the boiling
point of the water and helps prevent
corrosion in your cooling system we're
gonna drain the radiator by removing the
bottom hose and flushing all the old
Colin out you can flush the entire
cooling system but you need to remove
your thermostat first
[Music]
checking your owner's manual to find out
exactly what type and how much of each
fluid that you're gonna need
[Music]
we can run this coolant at a mixed ratio
of 33% it's a 3 liter cooling system so
we just throw 1 liter of this in about 2
liters of water and then I'll keep it
going for years and years and years
unless it blows up again like it did
yesterday come on man you can mix this
concentrated coolant with water or by
complete fill bottles don't forget to
top-up you call an overflow bottle next
bleed the system by starting it with the
cap off and giving it a few revs
checking that it's all topped up
[Music]
[Music]
changing oil regularly is the best
preventative maintenance you can do on
your car and that's the first thing you
should learn you can use an oil flush to
make sure all the old gunk is removed
pour it into the oil filter cap and then
let it idle think of oil flush like
dental floss you don't need to do it
every time but it does give you a
thorough clean out and it stops you
getting bad breath that doesn't quite
make sense
you're so precise Martin gotta be man
and Japanese precision you're Australian
yeah but the cars Japanese man proper
JDM this is like a duty arm oh no this
is exactly the same as a GTI really made
in the same country made with Japanese
parts by Japanese people it's really
fast and reliable economical I don't
think of GTR economical somehow I don't
think this is fast mutton hey now the
trick to not getting covered in scalding
hot oil is to one have your car too hot
or wear gloves or master this trick
which is hold lots of pressure on the
nut while you unscrew it till it's all
the way out and when you feel it really
go like that that is black it's a good
idea to change your oil filter every
time you change your oil and essentially
if you've used a flushing product
[Music]
be sure to thread your oil filter on
properly no filter means no driving
[Music]
refill the engine with the appropriate
grade oil check how much the car takes
with an empty filter and pour it in
while you're under your car it's a great
time to check that your drive shafts
steering rack bushes and hoses are all
in good condition and not split or
leaking next on our list of fluids to
change is the gearbox oil now a lot of
the gearboxes on these little
front-wheel drive cars they have a
filler hole and a drain hole and it can
be really difficult to get to the filler
hole unless you make yourself up one of
these which is a two dollar funnel and
two dollars worth of clear plastic
tubing and you run that down the engine
bay and you can see exactly how high
your fluid level is
give up fluids horrible bra yeah this
setup can also be useful on cars that
are filled through the dipstick auto
transmission fluid is changed in much
the same way the gearbox is drained and
then refilled up to the level of the top
plug the car needs to be on a flat
surface to do this properly
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
new gearbox oil makes your shifts
smoother and protect your gearbox from
where
[Music]
when the gearboxes fall remove the tube
and reinstall plug
[Music]
what is happening on it always happens
the stuff just goes wrong oh man I think
I've already mentioned how much I
dislike gearbox oil very oily tall
you've got their mark always ah if
you're not using gloves which it should
be heavy duty hand wash is essential I'm
gonna change power steering fluid with
this thing man
looks like something you can pregnant a
goat with that was last week's mighty
ones episode that'll be on the season 3
DVD did you know what you did not know
nothing real life I grew up on a gut
start you improved a little head what do
you wanna watch that you get one of them
and yeah and you fill it up with them
you get these little sachets of frozen
sperm you put it in there then you
squirt it up they go right frozen's
goats burn yeah incredible
[Music]
these massive syringes are really handy
for impregnating animals and they're
also useful for extracting power
steering fluid the idea is to get as
much of the old stuff out as you can and
then flush new fluid through the system
a few times over
[Music]
to cycle the fluid through the system
Jack the car up so you can easily turn
the steering wheel rinse and repeat
[Music]
next up we're going to install some new
spark plugs
[Music]
three cylinders of power three cylinders
of fury Martin that's half a straight
six and half of v6 right there one
that's 3/8 of a v8 it is two to one
quarter of a v12
yeah and it's three-quarters of a
four-cylinder it's 100% of a three
cylinder Martin the condition of the old
plugs can give you a good idea on how
well the engine is running
check out the Mighty Car Mods forum if
you want to find out more
make sure you don't drop anything down
the spark plug tubes as it'll fall
straight on the top of your cylinders
and that bad we decided to go one heat
range colder and we'll be running
premium fuel to limit pinging make sure
your new spark plugs adapt correctly for
your engine use a torque wrench to make
sure you don't over tighten the plugs
the coil packs go back on and we're done
you're not gonna be changing outbreak
flu because it's already pretty good you
know a lot of people do break up grades
and they're also like thanking their
calipers the hard way so we'll be
covering that later on drop the car and
run it to cycle the new oil and cool it
through the system check it closely for
any leaks and be sure to check your oil
level on the dipstick drain your old
fluids into some used containers and
then take them to be recycled or
disposed off properly don't even think
about pouring them down the sink or
leaving them on a nature strip somewhere
or captain planets gonna come and punch
you in the face with it all done it's
time for a road test
[Music]
so the best thing to do before you start
going crazy modding your car is learn
how to service it properly so you can
keep it running well exactly and the
other important point is a lot of people
send us emails saying how do I get
started what do I do
buying a cheap car like this is the
perfect car to get started on it doesn't
matter if it blows up because you can
buy another one for twenty dollars
thirty months yeah exactly now you may
have your own techniques of doing
services and doing fluid changes if so
look in the description there's a link
to the Mighty Car Mods forums you can
right up there share your information
and that means this video on link
becomes a great resource but everyone
else who wants to change their bodily
fluids car fluids me
[Music]
yeah and bodily fluids have you seeing
that picture on the Internet oh no
serious question that guy who's um he's
wearing like a little mask II thing
and he's wearing some live undies and
he's on he's behind a big Volkswagen van