hello everyone this is Brittany akv
confession I wanted to do a quick video
tutorial for you today on how to make
lacto-fermented okra
I love making okra pickles they're so
delicious and like crunchy and like
slimy at the same time anyway so let's
go ahead and get started I first want to
show you what you're gonna need
you're gonna need okra you're gonna need
white onion you're gonna need garlic
you're gonna need crushed red pepper
flakes
you're gonna need sea salt you're gonna
need some filtered water you're going to
need some cabbage to help cover the
surface of the okra and then I use
ceramic weights to keep everything under
the bright now lastly you'll need a
glass jar to do the fermentation alright
let's get started
alright so the first step of this
process is to turn the book rack so what
I will do is just trim the ends off
basically so it's just like a nice clean
cut so I'll do that for all of them
but okay all of my ogre ends are trimmed
as you can see they're all nice clean
cuts on the end here I guess I'm gonna
set those aside I'm gonna go ahead and
chop up my onion now I'm gonna leave it
in like pretty good shrinks break it all
apart into pieces moving in pieces of
this size roughly just like big chunks
of it
okay I have all of my onion cut now go
ahead and open up this I'm going to add
four cloves of garlic to this recipe and
you know you can add as much as you want
or as little as you want or you can just
omit it completely but I want my pickles
to be nice and garlicky I'm just peeling
the cloves
okay my four garlic cloves peeled and
ready to go now
and the next step will be to go ahead
and start adding everything into the jar
so I'm going to add my crushed red
pepper flakes to the bottom and this
just in hopes that like they won't float
up to the surface and cause any molding
just shake as much as you want down in
there okay I'm gonna put my onion down
at the bottom my garlic and now I'm
going to start adding my okra Susan okay
that fits perfect so the next step will
be to create the brine to pour all over
this so if you have one cup of water set
aside in here I'm going to add my sea
salt and the ratio I use is one
tablespoon and F sea salt - 1 cup of
water
some people do more precise measurements
like by volume but I don't have a little
digital scale so this is just what I do
we're gonna stir the salt up it looks
really resistant
all right and pour it on over and I'm
gonna need to do probably a couple more
of these
I will recap once I have created all the
brine any
you
I guess I had to do three and a half
cups of Brian so I use three and a half
tablespoons of salt and I have plenty of
Brian in there now to cover everything
so now I'm going to take my cabbage leaf
now I'm going to fit it into the top and
then add the other piece it's gonna just
create a cover over the top of the okra
to keep it submerged okay now I'm going
to fit my ceramic plates into the top
there just press to get everything under
the prying alright so I have everything
fully submerged under the liquid now
this work to get everything under there
really well you just have to move some
okra around and reposition the cabbage
leaves all right that's all there is to
it you just screw your lid on the top
and let it ferment on your counter out
of direct sunlight for anywhere from
like three to five days I'll be showing
you progress as it ferments to kind of
show you what you should be looking for
all right until then I can't wait to
enjoy these okras they're gonna be so
good
it's 24 hours after I'm just gonna press
everything down we've got some bubbles
so fermentation is happening all right
check it again tomorrow let on their
type okay it's day two
let's check the progress lots of bubbles
still got a couple days to go though
check back in tomorrow today is day
three it's hard to tell but there are
bubbles all in a little bit
see all that boggles I'm gonna release
the pressure
very badly it's our small cup probably
let it go for a couple more days that's
day three today is day four we again
have lots of bubbles in here
lots and lots of bubbles it smells
really good
I'm gonna taste one tomorrow and see how
I'm liking it it's me it's a little
colder in Chicago right now which means
it's fermenting a little slower when I
did this in this summer I think it only
took three days for them to finish but
they're getting close you can tell
they're gonna be really good all right
we'll check back in tomorrow okay it's
day five let's check these pickles got
quite a bit of bubble action in here you
can see just bubbles everywhere all
right now I'm gonna go ahead and taste
one
okay you'll see that they're kind of
slimy
alright that's so nice and crunchy the
flavors are really good
he's like onion and garlic ooh so these
guys took five days to format on the
counter now this step will be to just
remove the weights keep the cabbage on
there to keep them under the brine and
I'll just put them in the fridge you
need them alright so thank you for
watching this tutorial on how to make
lacto-fermented okra I hope you make it
yourself and enjoy your yummy delicious
okra pickles hi