here is part of the chamber of a water
pump for the Samsung washer here is a
ball of fuzz some stuffing from a
blanket this little ball of fuzz stuck
in this chamber is what caused me to
spend about an hour of my day fixing
this washer determining why it would not
dream of its owner
this video is gonna show you what I did
to be able to determine the issue and
how to fix it this Samsung washer is
having issues where it will not drain so
you can see the example hill-start
nothing happens before we're showing the
code five echo which if you look in the
user manual that code signifies that
there's a clock somewhere there and what
it tells you to do if you have this
problem is hit power turn it off turn
the device back on and put it to spin
and then hit start and you can hear it
humming and it's not doing anything in
the manual it tells you to then call for
service on this but we're going to fix
it ourselves so we don't have to waste a
lot of money on having a technician do
something that you can do your own and
if you smell you can smell some it's
more likely to pump either it's clogged
or it needs a new pump so first we're
gonna check it for a clog and if you
can't fix it after checking for a clog
we're gonna order the pump and replace
the pump first step will be to unplug
the device turn the water off
the best part is this entire washer is
full of water bucket here to drink this
will help make such a big water miss as
I open the back side of this washing
machine I want to make some room for me
to work so I'm going to take these hoses
off get them out of the way right here
in the back right there's the water pump
so we're gonna check all the hoses and
see if something's clogged maybe that's
the reason why I won't drink if
nothing's clogged how to inspect the
pump and find out if I need to replace
the pump or not
while it's draining we're going to
remove this back panel with the four
screws
[Music]
and this panel slides right off and
right down here the corner is where the
water pump is it'll kind of push this
tub ebb away all right still a lot of
water here I gotta drain out
so it's gonna take a minute still has it
drains okay now I'm gonna pull the hoses
off the pump here this is pretty dirty
you've had this wash here for about four
years now and I got most of water I can
but fortunately it's gonna leak some is
I pull these homes
and I'll just have to deal with the
water let's take off this first hose
right here
it's a clamp if you take it off with
some tight to pull that off
it's gonna start leaking water
everywhere there's this clamp right here
that one off I think that's where it's
gonna really start leaking all right all
right
the hose kept and I just took it off
here and shove it up on that spring the
holding place now what I'm gonna do is
take off that screw and then back here
look you need to look back behind this
part of the pump you'll see another
screw similar to that one so I need to
remove those screws now
then I have the other similar screw so I
get the light on their foot it's back
there it'll take off I think you can see
you better now your pump will come right
up there we just gotta connect the wire
so first to give me some more room I'm
gonna take off this screw here
all right dig up this pipe right here
are gonna have the pump completely
removed I'd see this rubber piece right
here
the other ones actually stuck down in
there still I'll pull this piece out get
out of my way put it down there with the
other ones now I'm gonna remove the wire
it's lectric wire that's hooked to it
there's this protective piece right here
that will slide right off and then I can
just disconnect the wire electrical
adapters under there there's this little
clip it's holding on the wire just grab
some needle nose and I can squeeze it
and push it on through
that piece will slide off now I've got
the pump completely removed now I'm
gonna look at it see if it's plugged
anywhere so before I go spend about a
hundred bucks on a new pump I'm gonna
take this one apart and see if maybe
it's clogged or clogged in here and if I
can clean it out and maybe it'll work
nope I can feel some gunk up in there so
we're gonna take this thing apart so
this electrical piece right here it's
got these great clamps one right there
on the inside I'm gonna pop up those
little tabs all right next thing I'm
gonna do is take off these four screws
all right
look right there gun that is what is
caused this thing to my dream you
wouldn't even allow this mortar to spin
so I'm hoping it's still fine but it
will take out this gunk in here big old
ball of looks like the stuffing on the
inside of a blanket clean that out put
it back together see if it works
now we're going to reverse order and put
the part back together the wires right
here you notice the wire attachments are
exactly the same but what I remembered
in my head whenever you do electrical
stuff look at it closely to make sure
you put it back to the other and told
myself black flat so I called this one
flat that one vertical so I know black
went on the flat winner here's my black
wire yellow is vertical and I can put
this cover back in place
alright let's test it out see boys power
so if it works turn it to spin
remember last time it just sit there
let's see what happens this time
alright it's working
it solved the issue
thinking they were you know
laundry and piss today I'm testing it a
little laundry is draining and spinning
it's working fine often that all of
anymore stuck in there could have called
it an expert and would cost me a lot of
money through my