[Music]
hey guys today I'm looking forward to
sharing how I gave my plain white claw
foot tub a dramatic and unique
transformation with the help of Maison
blanch this has been the most enjoyable
makeover I've done in a long time and I
can't wait to show you how easy it is to
recreate this
look last week I used an aging solution
to give my brass tub Hardware a bronze
patina and today I'm finishing this
makeover by showing you the steps I took
to give it some personality with
specialty
Paints the look for this bathroom will
be a mix of rustic and vintage while
still keeping the simple cottage style
so I planned my color scheme with those
parameters in mind I wanted the space to
feel warm and earthy so I selected a
handful of beige and Gray Shades from
Maison blanche's vintage furniture paint
and French lime paint lines along with a
few different colored waxes I've used
these paints before on another claw foot
tub with amazing results and I could
wait to test out some new colors and
products option number one was
Cobblestone which I'd describe as a deep
neutral khaki option two is Hurricane a
slightly darker and cooler shade next up
was Franciscan gray which is a true
medium gray finally we had Coquille
which is a soft gray lime
paint because I wanted to stick with
warmer colors cobblestone was the winner
this paint has a unique formula that
makes it perfect for furniture projects
like this and since it's water-based
it's super easy to clean
up it aderes to almost any surface with
no prep work involved and the chalk
based texture leaves a rich velvety
smooth
finish the dimensional quality is
especially ideal if you're going for an
aged look as it's great for sanding and
layering colors and
waxes there was no sanding needed for
this project though I just gave the tub
a couple of coats and waited for it to
dry while the tub was drying I turned my
attention to to the
feet I love the look of black feet on
claw foot tubs but I wanted to take this
one step further with a bronze
effect I started by giving the metal a
coat of Maison blanches rot iron which
dries a soft charcoal black after two
coats were applied and the paint was dry
I grabbed my jar of
organza organza is a thick shimmery gel
cream that will give any surface the
appearance of metal it comes in several
colors and I chose oil rub bronze which
works great over a black surface to
apply I used a small brush and dabbed it
into the
gel then I lightly coated my Surface
making sure to leave some of the black
showing through for a more realistic
metal
look if you apply too much you can
gently buff it away with a soft cloth or
you can go back and add more for a
stronger effect in just a few minutes my
white cast iron feet became antique
bronze
Beauties to finish it all off I I tested
out a few different waxes to seal and
protect the paint the amber colored wax
didn't change the color much it just
provided a slightly richer finish the
dark brown wax deepened the color a bit
and made the tub's texture more apparent
a thin coat of the white lime wax also
blended into the surface and lightened
it I prefer the darker finish so I went
with a dark brown
wax just like the paints the waxes are
buildable so you can layer on as much as
you want to enhance the effect
I didn't want it to look too Brown so I
applied two super thin coats there was
no waiting buffing and reapplying
process so both the organza and waxing
steps were completed in no time I love
working with Maison blanch products
because they're so forgiving you really
can't mess it up and the paint isn't
going to Chip and peel like regular
latex paint with these you can
experiment and be as creative as you
want I'll be using them on the bathroom
vanity next so make sure to check back
and follow this bathroom's
progress if you have any questions leave
them in the comments below or you can
head to my blog for more details on this
project I've got a lot more furniture
makeovers on the way so don't forget to
subscribe to my channel and stay tuned
for more
[Music]