hi sweeties today we are making salmon
patties look at that salmon patties
salmon cake salmon croquettes I don't
care what you call them just make them
and then call me for dinner I will share
my recipe with you and remember that
roasted salmon we did in the oven the
other day
well the leftovers became these salmon
patties it's so good I'll show you how I
did it
let's jump into it saute some peppers
and onions finely diced peppers and
onions I should say you don't want big
chunks they will shrink down as the
moisture cooks off but you don't want
big chunks of onions and peppers because
that will keep your salmon cakes from
holding together this is about 1/2 cup
diced onion 1/2 cup diced pepper season
the peppers and onions with just a touch
of salt about 1/2 teaspoon and that's
going to help release some of the
moisture - long enough so that you can
use it to mix the whole thing later let
these cool down to room temperature and
then Cosi so now that our peppers and
onions have cooled we put them in a bowl
with that leftover salmon and I'll put
the link to the recipe so you can know
how to make the oven roasted salmon with
the crispy skin but we've taken the skin
off of the leftovers we've got our
sauteed onions and peppers in there and
you can just break up the stamina bit we
already checked the fillets before
cooking to make sure doesn't have any
bones but we want to get the salmon
pretty fine then we'll add in whoops
some beaten egg some fresh chopped
scallion I like for the scallion to be
raw when it goes into a mixture so it
gives a nice bite and then a little bit
of mayonnaise I'll put a link to all a
printable recipe for this in the
description box so you can have all be a
mouse and then just mix it up so we're
gonna make some cracker crumbs and we're
using some club crackers just in a
ziplock bag you just take a rolling pin
and rolled it over the crackers and it
breaks it into fine crumbs you can use a
food processor if you want but I think
this is just as easy and actually more
fun then add your bread crumbs into the
mixture and now you notice I didn't add
any additional salt or seasonings yet
because the salmon was already seasoned
the cracker crumbs have salts on it so
we're gonna mix this up and then we're
gonna cook a little test Patty and see
how salty it is if it needs more
seasoning or not now I'm going to take
this scoop to form patties and this
helps to ensure that your patties are
nice and even look at that and makes the
process go much quicker
okay and if you want a crispy crust I
mean this step is optional I don't
always do this but you can put some
crushed cracker crumbs on the top and
the bottom of the patties and that way
you'll be nice and crunchy on the
outside just Pat them in then gently
place your salmon cakes and some hot oil
we're gonna let them fry for just a few
minutes on each side lay the Santa cakes
away from you so you don't splash the
oil into yourself
they're gonna gently turn it oh look at
that pretty golden-brown color that's
nice
and just like that our salmon patties
are done I'm going to take these out
drain them on a wire rack and we have a
few more to do I made a double batch so
that we'd have some for dinner and then
some for breakfast tomorrow so it's kind
of take me a minute to cook them all so
I'll just Park these in a warm oven
while we're finishing the rest look
they've taken the salmon cakes before I
even finished filming the video I see
you don't try to sneak that's it
sweeties look at that our finished
salmon cakes served with some grits and
greens a little poached egg this is
great for breakfast great for lunch I'm
gonna have it for dinner thank you so
much for tuning in please subscribe if
you have not already and give this video
a thumbs up I really appreciate it and
have a delicious day