hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to make your own sugar wax for waxing
your legs your face your armpits your
whatever you need to wax okay it's very
simple
so in this pot I've already put in two
tablespoons of water I'm going to put in
two tablespoons of lemon juice
and I have my stove set on high there's
my two tablespoons of lemon juice and my
two tablespoons of water now to that I
need 1 cup of plain white sugar so I'm
using a quarter cup measuring spoon
there's one two three quarters and one
cup so all you're going to do from here
is you're just going to bring this to a
boil all you're essentially looking for
is that the sugar has dissolved and
there's no more granule
and that's it for a second it shouldn't
take long to start boiling
and once it starts boiling you want to
make sure that you're stirring it pretty
much constantly because you don't want
it to burn and then you just use this
with either cotton or linen strips you
can make your own too if you have an old
cotton like t-shirt or linen t-shirt
something like that or a cotton sheet
just cut them off in your strips and you
can repurpose those for this and this is
all natural
there's no I like it because it's all
natural and there's no chemicals or
anything like that in it you can kind of
control what you put in here on your
skin so as you can see that starting to
boil up this takes about anywhere from
five to eight minutes shouldn't take any
longer than that
certain to boil now so I'm going to
continue to do this I'm actually going
to turn my heat down just a little bit
and I'm going to swallow I'm trying to
start I'm going to show you what I have
so this is what I have so far and when
you're done with this you're going to
take a container like this pour it into
it and refrigerate it for about 15 to 20
minutes before you want to use it and
it's just like any other flat um just
put it in your fridge and when you're
about to use it pop it in the microwave
for I think it's like 15 seconds at a
time until you get to the consistency in
the temperature you don't want to burn
yourself so
going to show you what that looks like
preferably you have a popsicle stick
let's see it's just the same consistency
of stuff that you buy in the store right
there
okay so with this you're going to notice
that the sugar is gone and what you want
it's not going to look like it's that
color yes a yellow or the golden color
but don't worry about that when you pour
it into your container you're going to
notice that it actually is yellow so I'm
not going to let you or make you
continue to watch me do this because I
saw probably another four minutes or so
so like I said I'm going to put this in
a container pop a lid on it and cool it
down until I need to use it thanks for
watching