Troy in the backyard grillin' 
you
do you run Jill in the backyard grilling
showing you that you do
Oh's with the beer whiskey but he cooks
responsibly
hey everybody woman the TiVo Kooks I
appreciate you joining us again today I
thought I would do something that a lot
of you requested for me to do blackened
fish I've got some orange roughy which
is a white flaky fish I've got some
blackening seasoning which I'll show you
here in a second and on the side I'm
making some jambalaya
it's Zadar Anne's box jambalaya and I'm
gonna put some sausage in it and I'm
fixing to grill off some chicken thighs
I had to think for a minute chicken
thighs on the Weber Kettle and I'm gonna
also cook that fish on the Weber Kettle
so y'all stick around this could be a
good one all right hopefully y'all see
this okay why are you asking me about
this the strange-looking charcoal
chimney this is made by the BBQ dragon I
picked it up off of Amazon anyway
dump some hot charcoals on one side of
my slowest sear right over here I'm not
putting water in there but I'll explain
more about this chimney
on another episode just stick around for
that review my folks have got some
chicken thighs here I cleaned them up a
little bit they're boneless skinless and
this is the heaven may products as the
Mays in Cajun since this is gonna be a
Cajun dish I'm using some of this
amazing Cajun just gonna sprinkle it
down real good I've got my Weber Kettle
getting fired up real quick
I I did clean the grill and oil it up
because this is chicken I don't want the
chicken to stick if I can help it okay
I'm getting sweat all down in my eyes
over here going pretty heavy with it
here and if I forgot to mention I'm
cooking this chicken to go in some
jambalaya it's just a that Iran's box
but it's good stuff got some sausage
we're gonna put on there as well
all right folks we're gonna throw this
on the grill real quick get my tongs
here oh yeah we up to 10 now boy
and I'm cooking the chicken indirect
I'll put this on we're gonna let it cook
I don't know if we're gonna check it
here in about 15-20 minutes see what
it's looking like
I'll bring you back when it's getting
close to being done we'll see y'all a
few hairy folks it's been about 30
minutes and again this was cooked
indirectly this is done I just tested it
it's up to 166 167 so we are done and as
you can see I did put some some sausage
here which we're also gonna put in the
jambalaya which I think I can show you
what we're cooking or what we're doing
with the jambalaya bit I'm let this rest
let it cool off enough so that I can
chop it up into pieces all right gang
took the chicken inside tended it we're
just going on again let it rest for a
little bit I'm gonna take the
centerpiece out right here wanna move
this slow and scoot over just a little
bit to the center there we go oh I'm
gonna cook the jambalaya on this Weber
so need to add some more charcoal
briquettes what I'm using by the way the
professional
Kendall here I put this baby back bone
but those coals do you heat it up I'll
bring you back show you the next step my
coals are up to temp now whoa load that
baby's hot I went ahead and cut up half
of that sausage and also all I think of
six pieces of chicken thigh I'll put a
little uh crusade paddle in there go
ahead answer water I'm just going by the
package directions
I'll show you this box that's what I'm
using this josette Arinze jambalaya mix
just following the instructions on the
back oh it's pulling in my envelope
things okay looky there
house you got just here I thought it's
one of them complicated ones go for all
that in there give that a nice stir and
get all the ingredients mixed up and
dissolved in there real good
all right got most of the lumps out of
there
we're gonna weigh what our meat
let me tell you that's hot okay give it
a nice stir we're gonna bring this up to
a boil once it boils and put the lid on
it and pull it off the heat a little bit
just kind of let it cook for about
another 25 minutes per these package
instructions so we'll bring you back
when it's getting close to being done
folks that's looking pretty good oh yeah
yep that's looking fabulous folks just
give it a little fluff I'm gonna pull
this off we're gonna let it cool off for
about 10 minutes and in the meantime let
me get iron skillet we're gonna heat it
up do that fish all right so when I
pulled that jambalaya off I just left
the lid off of this thing I cranked open
the bottom vent all the way that's gonna
really raise the temperature up on those
coals and I'm using my number 8 iron
skillet here y'all have asked me about
this iron skillet before this is an old
one okay my my grandmother actually
handed it down to me
I love you mama Jean hope see you soon
but I want to show y'all this is an old
Griswold hopefully y'all could see this
it's an old old Griswold from Erie
Pennsylvania it's doesn't have a date on
it it says 704 capital e with an
underline under the e and it's a number
8 great great iron skillet this is the
old one folks I don't even know if griz
well I don't think Griswold makes iron
skillets anymore if they even in
business let me show you what we're
gonna do all right so again the coals
are hot I mean really hot I'm gonna put
that iron skillet on there I'm just
gonna let it sit and get hot in the
meantime I'm gonna run inside I'm gonna
grab the fish we'll be right back
all right folks spent about 5 minutes
it's feeling pretty hot let's see what
the temperature is on it
okay there
well when I put it down in the middle
down here it's reading 495 494 I think
we're about ready to get this thing
going
first what I'm gonna do is get this fish
again this is orange roughy put a little
olive oil on here just a little bit and
this is what I'm using for the rub folks
Heather made products this is something
brand new this is their blackening
seasoning is that what this cause
blackened seasoning I'm sorry blackened
seasoning again heaven made products
excellent excellent stuff I've actually
been using this before you sent me a
little sampling of it so I've been using
this heart ready and it does work great
it tastes fantastic what you want to do
is coat this up pretty doggone good and
again the sodium levels low so you can
coat it up really really good Pat that
in real quick all right
let me get some towel here wipe my hands
okay now if you don't have ghee use real
butter but this is clarified butter you
want to put some butter in the bottom of
your iron skillet and I prefer using G
because this pan is screamin hot we're
gonna put you a nice big huge hump of
tablespoon in there a heaping tablespoon
and as you can see my my weber kettle is
not level here there we go folks put a
little bit too much in there but that'll
be alright alright so let that oil heat
up just a second let's go ahead and put
this in there we go what you want to do
let me get you up here Roxy hang on what
you want to do is let that go for about
a minute to a minute and a half on each
side again that iron skillet and it's
best to do it in an iron skillet folks
trust me don't do no nonstick stuff you
know iron skillet hey who let it go for
about a minute minute and a half and
those seasonings are gonna blacken and
it's still gonna taste fantastic it's
never I'll be bitter or anything I'm
sure your butcher olive had blackened
fish out of the restaurants really good
stuff but i'ma let this go
we're gonna flip it here in about a
minute to a minute and a half i'ma check
in about a minute to see where we're at
let me bring you back down here once
again fuckin see where I got you there
we go
Wallace on that side I'm gonna go ahead
and in fact let me do this I'm gonna put
some of that ghee on there man
yeah let's do that there we go bit of
olive oil get some real butter folks
just like that there we go all right go
ahead and season this baby up and again
get you nice heavy coating on there
folks clean off my board here real quick
I don't think it's been about a minute
let's check it and see what we got a
little bit longer a little bit longer
begin about another 30 seconds or so
heat him Fifi GIMP girl good stuff folks
good stuff
I'm just letting this thing around live
town folks all right we'll go ahead and
flip it there we go
and again give it about minute come in
and a half oh don't get hot
it doesn't take long man this is really
a good cook I should I should have done
this one live huh I have some live feeds
coming up I'm sorry I missed this last
Thursday I just wasn't quite ready but
I'm really close I mean real close to
going live folks so if you have any
ideas about which day and kind of what
timeframe to do it now chime in down
below in the comments let me know what
you think what day and time should I go
live I'm sweating out here do a live
thief or a live chat okay I can still do
it Thursday I'll do it Thursday night
more than likely I think I'd get more
viewers in night time or I could change
the day you know do it on the weekend or
something if it's a week you know I
think out the first Saturday something
about football coming out folks and
you'd probably be in the morning I don't
like watching football all right I think
this thing is ready let's check it out
real quick
there we go she's starting to flake a
little bit
a little bit longer folks just a little
bit another 30 seconds me another 30
seconds we're gonna be good folks so
where was I oh yeah live feeds live
chats so y'all get ready with your
questions I'm gonna have some live
chatting coming up I'm doing some
testing right now with my buddies on
YouTube y'all know who they are and
we're trying to get it perfected I'll
tell you what the quality is excellent
folks yeah this ain't from no webcam or
something you know me man I got to go
all the way with it I want it to look
professional so when it does finally go
live I hope y'all enjoy it
gimpy feet get him girl yeah love my
dogs too
let's pull this thing off my suit look
like
oh yeah baby's ready right there I ain't
gonna flip it I know it's ready she's
busting apart man breaking a part of the
scene gonna pull your skin all off set
it on the side pull get this cooled off
excuse me we'll cool this off just about
five minutes let me get a play going
we'll bring you right back all right
folks we're ready to taste this and what
I did I took that jambalaya then I
showed you making I put a bit of that
down the center of the plate and I put
the fish on top let me show you don't
see that y'all check out that beauty
wonderful wonderful wonderful and I wish
you could smell it oh my gosh let's dive
in that's C let's see what we got here
I'm gonna give me a little bit of the
sausage over here chick in the fish
there we go down the hatch fish fell off
that's all right I got him man
yeah another piece of that fish
I'll tell you what
I'm from Louisiana I've had a lot of
black and fish black and shrimp all that
good stuff
Michael / heaven made products dude
you've got a great great recipe for this
for this blend that's the bottom I don't
know that I've ever tasted it so good
check out the links down below use promo
code Troy 10 save yourself 10% off I for
all of you who requested that I do this
blackened fish I appreciate the requests
I hope that that helped you and if you
have your own recipe whether it be for
black and fish or any other family
recipe and you want me to maybe try out
on my videos if you're willing to share
it email me let me know or hit me up on
Facebook let me know and send me the
recipe I'll try it out and if it makes
the cut I'll put it on my video how
about that I love doing this kind of
stuff I really do and I can't thank all
of you enough for helping to support me
all this time and and I'm fixing the
head 100,000 subs that's quite an
accomplishment thanks to you guys so
thank you thank you thank you appreciate
it if y'all like this y'all give mister
thumbs up please subscribe if you're not
subscribed yet and I hope you share the
video and when you do please tell all
your friends that T Roy cooks
responsibly cheers everybody
woo there you go oh yeah see y'all next
time