[Music]
what's up everybody this is big her with
fresh out spread Edition I got Chef Big
v here and we're doing a holiday edition
for you guys you know during the holiday
everybody likes to get their drink on
whether it be New Year Christmas
Thanksgiving and uh no different in
prison so in prison we had a way of
making our own wine which they call
Pruno or Hooch and big V here is going
to show you guys how that used to go
down so big V all right this is like
it's very time consuming so we just uh
you know we're going to speed up the
proc here but I want you to go ahead and
check this out here right here we got a
little concoction of uh Orange
grapefruit tear them up squeeze them put
them in there uh you normally get this
you run it through hot
water put it around the towel
there it go but what we do there in
prison we don't uh have sugar so it's uh
it's a rare commodity in prison too but
uh we get sometimes in some commment
they sell Jolly ranches okay that right
there you throw them in there uh you
throw sugar in there it depends what you
have some people make it out of
potatoes uh but this right here is
grapefruit and uh oranges so got a
little sweet all that comes out from the
kitchen too so you got to it's hard to
get stuff like this normally people that
work in the kitchen they got their
aprons you know they sneak it in the
aprons I think they're going to go back
to unit and wash it but certain ways
that we sneak them in you know through
the garbage whatever the case but uh
like her said we like to do it during
the the holidays cuz people like getting
[ __ ] up you know so and this I don't
know about you got I don't know about uh
anybody else but back in the days it was
mad dog Mad Dog 20 you remember that m i
remember that so this is like almost
like that it tastes Cisco remember Cisco
Cisco yeah so if uh anybody ever wonders
what it tastes like it depends what you
use here we're using Jolly Ranchers but
it's all kinds of flavors so I'm not
picky I mean I wasn't
uh to be honest I really didn't even
[ __ ] around I didn't drink in there but
I know a lot of people this made a lot
of money so when I couldn't I had had
time I do it but it's time consuming
because you got something like this in
yourself okay they come check inspect
yourself so you got to keep stuff like
this in the toilet every once in a while
you got to burp it let it out let the
air out you burp it throwing some sugar
in there some people do it for 4 days 5
days 2 weeks the longer the better but
uh you keep it in your toilet you keep
it under your mattress you got to keep
post just like uh when you cook but uh
normally they'll have
Co will search down uh shake your cell
and then once they shake it people come
up to you and you know say hey they
shook your uh sell they won't come for
about another few days so it goes from
sale to sell shower to shower closet to
closet like it's it's crazy how that's
why this right here Pruno is so
expensive just like one cup 20 25 bucks
but it's going to [ __ ] you up or you pay
somebody to hide it after work people
would hide it at unicor hide it in the
kitchen and then that guy would get a
cut of whatever you made off this bag of
Pruno and there's a there's ways to hide
it but I won't get into that [ __ ] cuz I
don't want to expose too much of the uh
people that I still uh know from in
there that this is their game this how
they make money so I won't expose on
where they hide it or or what they do
like that but that's just how that's the
get down but we'll just throw these in
here and uh to be
honest we've been here for a while
already been uh doing these meals kind
of bringing back
memories so uh oh yeah B when you get
caught with this it's called a shot and
a shot means that you can lose good time
you can get additional time add ofer s
you got to go to a hearing and you're
going to go to the hole you get caught
with this you're going to be in the hole
for about at least 2 weeks minimum at
least yeah so it's a serious offense
getting caught with Pruno in a prison
and they when you once you're on your
red flag like that they search yourself
all the time because you get caught for
something like this even though it's
it's Petty uh to them it just gives the
C something to do they're just sitting
there walking around doing what they do
but you know for one person they take
down two more other people you know one
person gets uh specialized in cooking
this [ __ ] and he gets caught that's just
two three more weeks that another
[ __ ] can make money so there's
never going to be uh you know there's
always going to be something there were
guys in prison off of Pruno making
probably $56 $700 a month
they're making a lot of money cuz once
they get good at it people there's a
demand for it it's like call Rosy or
something you know or hurricane you know
this is a you know you had guys who had
their own little Brewery going in there
and they were making a lot of money yeah
so I met a few people uh Dallas you know
Texas all them them cats from down south
man they love this [ __ ] they love it
they and they drink it like every
weekend if they can holidays birthdays
man they buy jugs like that you can sell
for like a 100 200 bucks so what you see
right here
it's just rotten fruit some Jolly
Ranchers that we get during Christmas
sometimes it depends where you're at
sometimes tell them the commentary like
I said I think the first place where I
was at they didn't sell them a
commentary but you got them in a bag
that came in Christmas and that's once a
year so people would give up their whole
bag just for little Jolly Ranchers they
get that flavor cuz they get tired of
the potatoes or anything else but you
know it adds that flavor and you want to
you know some people wait a whole year
to drink this right here this specific
one with the Jolly Rancher
so we've already made some like I
said we've been sitting here so it
brought back a little bit of memories
and
uh finished product right there there a
finished
product look it got still got a little
pulp in it but um that right there get
you [ __ ]
[Music]
up woo another reason why they hated
people making Pruno in prison because
you get a drunk inmate it's going to
kick off it never fails you get two or
three drunk dudes in a unit and some
shit's going to happen there going to be
a fight and uh certain certain uh groups
of people were more prone to fighting
than others I don't want to mention no
names but you know what I'm talking
about when they started drinking this
stuff it was mandatory that uh you know
somebody was going to the hole just from
drinking not necessarily getting caught
with the Pruno just because they acted a
fool up in there and the COS would get
curious about their um disposition so
this is definitely uh during the holiday
you had to watch out for dudes Pruno
because you might have to put hands on
somebody yep and uh you said I just took
two SS was talking this [ __ ] is tough
they don't sell this in the stores man
but this [ __ ] is tough man so I mean
later on maybe when we got time if you
guys want to sit around look for the
whole thing I I go through the whole
process
but it's how people get [ __ ] up in
there man