[Music]
[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel and
today I'm going to show you how I make
my pork Ohr and it's so delicious and
spicy you can keep this HR for two to
three weeks inside the fridge but
believe me guys it won't even last for
two days you know so definitely give it
a try and let go ahead and see the
ingredients so here are the ingredients
you will need to make pork watch our 360
grams of pork meat 1 medium onion tomato
paste 3 tablespoons lemon juice 3
tablespoons chili powder 1 teaspoon salt
to taste
cooking oil mix spices 1/2 teaspoon
chili flakes
5 teaspoons jeera powder 1/2 TSP mix
masala powder 1 TSP ginger powder 1 TSP
turmeric powder 1/2 TSP and Timur
cthulhu 1/2 TSP first of all chop your
onion I have removed the top and the
bottom part and I'm going to remove the
skin just throwaways now
[Music]
so I've finished chopping the onions
look at the onions it should be like
this you know very thinly sliced leave
this over here for now and wash your
port and chop it into very small pieces
[Music]
so I've just finished chopping my pot
and look at the size type it should be
like this not too big just very small
size you know the chopping bit is done
let's go ahead and prepare our mixture
for the meat place the meat in a ball
next add 1/2 teaspoon of salt 1/2
teaspoon of chili powder now give it a
good mix
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
now cover it and leave it for 10 to 15
minutes to marinate in a large pan add 2
cups of cooking oil and deep-fry your
onion
cook the onions over high heat and make
sure it's crispy and golden color the
onions are done guys so remove it in a
plate look at that
it's really crispy and it's in golden
color so that's how exactly you want now
in the same oil add your coke belly and
deep-fry it until it's cooked and very
crispy and make sure there is no
moisture inside the mate
[Music]
[Music]
our meat is done right now so I'm gonna
remove it in a plate can you hear the
sound guys it's very nicely done it's so
crispy and it should be like this you
know there should be no moisture inside
the poke made and I cooked it for around
20 to 25 minutes in our flat I don't
talk so do not go away while you are
cooking this meat they're nearby and
keep checking now in a new pan add the
same cooking oil I've added 7 to 8
tablespoons of cooking oil and make sure
to put your heat on medium heat cuz we
are frying some spices you don't wanna
burn you go ahead and add your mix
spices and let it cook until it's golden
color next add all your dry spices apart
from your salt and then keep it for
around 10 seconds next add your tomato
paste
[Music]
by a lemon tree finally add your fault
and make sure to remember that we have
added fault
in the pork meat as well so be careful
while adding the salt cook it until this
lemon juice and tomato paste is dry and
there is no moisture masala smells
really good guys and there is no
moisture in this so now we are going to
add our crispy sliced onion followed by
our hot meat also add the same cooking
oil which we used to fry the onion and
meat at around 1/2 cup and give it a
good mix look at this guy's it smells so
good oh my god I just can't wait to try
now turn off the heat and let the HR
settle down for one to two hours and
after that we will just put it in a jar
and keep it inside the fridge so it's
been almost an hour so I'm going to put
my a chart inside this jar
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
look at this guy's my pork or char is
ready
oh I'm drooling already guys but I will
give it a try mmm spicy sour as well
love it guys you should definitely give
it a try
now close the char and leave it in the
fridge you can enjoy this a char for two
to three weeks and all the best guys
definitely give it a try thank you so
much for watching bye
[Music]
[Music]