good morning guys and it's Thursday
we're almost at the weekend I don't have
class today I just made lunch see YUM um
I have to do stuff today I just don't
know what it is um that I have to I
really want to get my tattoo filled in
no no maybe I should do that right now I
met in here David Haye and then I have
to cut shirts gonna thank you I feel
like I have so much to do I just don't
want to do it you know I drink a coffee
so I'm feeling hella motivated it's a
lot later but I'm bout to taste-test
the pancakes and waffles halo top oh my
god it smells like maple syrup pancakes
and waffles is it good yeah it's just
like through our syrup for how is that
you're kind of always called it syrup I
got syrup that's to do with morning it's
Friday I'm happy the girl woke up in a
good mood
I had my oatmeal and my visit to make a
shake right here in my one and I'm gonna
be like seven or eight forty to my class
starts at nine I haven't eaten yet but
I'll let you know if I make it on time
back for my first two classes I was like
two minutes late to my first one but she
didn't even start talking it so we're
fine
but I made lunch and then now I'm just
gonna sit here any until my next class
at 12:00 it's eleven nineteen so I have
to believe to see it but also I just got
a tracking thing for my Jim shark and
it's coming Monday so that's exciting I
need to do this immature release thingy
but okay I'm going to eat and watch
we're going to get Havens button from
our friends house for the game crew and
then the crew here the girls want
don't know Hey what yeah we are okay
thank you right I wanna see her just
filling
I hope this isn't like one of the nice
cards and then she bent it I like these
on the display
[Music]
oh no where's your IDs
maybe she sent them into practice
my mom sent me this cute card
cute good morning it is Saturday it's a
game day I we all got up at 7:30 because
our games at noon and I made oatmeal and
I shake my usual and now I'm gonna get
ready but we made these really cute
shirts go out of shape guys and they
were so easy to make so I'll just
explain it to you but yeah so it's also
kind of cold it's kind of throwing off
my outfit idea so I'm hoping it was up
by the time I can actually leave the
house look everyone she is not naked she
is in the towel playing music cuz game
day am i right what time is it game day
Oh game time anyway I thought you were
referring to like a game with her dogs
before dudes time I feel like here's
like a little up what I'm looking like
now if you're wondering it's that dude I
don't even after day there oh my god
this remix on Spotify look up big volume
okay wait
we are gameday ready I'm wearing a tube
top here's our outfit we made these
shirts I'm wearing mine with the skirt
Damon's wearing black jeans and yeah but
basically you cut off the sleeves and
then you cut the top and then you cut
the bottom then you cut the sides see
you literally have two pieces and then
you slip the sides and you just tie them
up like that and there's Lauren over
there
so yeah gameday outfit so cute it's not
really back from gameday I'm doing well
if you're wondering I'm fine but um so
wish to lunch and um yeah good morning
me so it's a bit so early last night I
fell asleep I look like that it feels
like it no but I've made my bed also my
throat see oh my god I'm getting sick my
throat like it hurts so bad to swallow
yeah I just got back from the sorority
house because we snapped fitted or gave
a bit to form for I five five five
workers and one of them was one of the
girls that I prepped during the
recruitment she just said go she dropped
out of recruitment pretty shortened I
loved her but now we gave her a snot bit
because she wanted to go easy again so
yeah I'm excited
no altar girls are prepped but you can
do so it's exciting
yeah today's been I kind of just not the
best but I'm about to edit
all the vlogs that I haven't upload in
the past holding so I can get those up
for you guys and yeah I'm not doing
really good at blogging but I'm gonna
everything I'm going to get my crap
together okay I'm really sorry but
sometimes I think she's happy and I'm
gonna get it together
so yeah hello so while my hair is weird
so Haven and I went to the gym earlier
and then um we ate dinner and then she's
gonna like hung out and yeah I'm gonna
go to bed and then I'm going to UM and
the vlog here and start a new one
tomorrow since tomorrow is Monday so
yeah I love you guys so much and I will
see you guys tomorrow right