[Music]
this video has been created to help you
get started in setting up your DeLonghi
dehumidifier take care when removing the
unit from the box as the appliance is
quite heavy first check that the drain
hose and pump tuber in the box position
the appliance in the room or rooms to be
dehumidified a free space of at least
two feet around 24 inches must be left
at the front of the dehumidifier so as
not to block the air outlet for
efficient ventilation a space of about 2
to 4 inches 5 to 10 centimetres should
be left at the back of the appliance to
drain the water collected during the
dehumidification process you can either
use the built-in tank or use the drain
hose to continuously remove the water
when the tank is full indicated on the
machine remove and empty it into a sink
when finished replace it properly the
tank must be positioned properly for the
unit to function if you hear the
intermittent sound of the beep it means
the tank is not in the proper position
and you may see an error code if the
appliance is to be operated for long
periods but you are unable to empty the
tank regularly you are recommended to
use continuous draining locate the
continuous drain outlet and fit the
nozzle push a garden hose onto the
nozzle and lead to a floor level drain
make sure the end of the hose is no
higher than the spout or water could
remain in the tank make sure there are
no kinks in the hose do not dispose of
the rubber stopper as it is used to
close the spout on models with a pump
the system allows water removal of up to
13 feet or 4 meters in height if you
want the water to flow directly to a
drain connect the condensation discharge
tube supplied you will first need to
remove the stopper labeled pump select
the dehumidifier function and press the
pump button with the condensation
discharge hose missing
and the pump switched on the display
will show the symbol pump blinking to
eliminate this problem check the hoses
correctly positioned disconnect and
reconnect the plug ensure the tank is
emptied before storing away
[Music]
you