hi this is Christian on purefix garage
are your brakes not working properly
anymore today we're going to show you
how to fix
[Music]
them if your brakes are grinding or
you're squeezing your lever all the way
to the bar and still not stopping you're
going to need to fix that it's actually
a pretty easy job your brake pads should
be replaced if they are warm past the
wear limit line you can see this line on
your brake pads and if you can't it's
time to replace them this is normal wear
on a bike and a cheap fix for this job
you'll need an allen key and a set of
replacement brake pads first go ahead
and remove your front
wheel first I'm going to use the Allen
wrench to remove my old brake pads
remove any dirt from the inside of the
caliper next take your new brake pads
and install them with your allen wrench
again just snug these down for now we're
going to go ahead and line these up with
the rim once we've installed it let's go
ahe and install this wheel so we can get
these brake pads adjusted
[Music]
correctly so now I'm going to take the
Allen wrench and go ahead and adjust the
brake pads up and down and left to right
to make sure that they're lining up with
the rim braking surface
[Music]
properly okay that looks good now repeat
the process in the back back and that's
a job done once you've got the pads on
go ahead and check your brake lever feel
if it's still soft there's a really easy
adjustment you can do right here at the
lever this is called a barrel adjuster
if you turn this counterclockwise it
will add some cable tension to make your
lever feel much
improved there we go that feels a whole
lot better if you've turned the barrel
adjuster a lot and it's still soft it's
time to go ahead and reset the cable at
this point you're going to want to use
the Allen key and go ahead and release
the cable from the brake caliper this is
your cable anchor bolt now it's nice and
free to dial in your brake adjustment go
ahead and squeeze the brakes against the
rim pull your cable down tight and
reattach your cable anchor bolt like so
after that go ahead and spin your front
wheel to make sure it's moving freely at
this point you can fine-tune your brake
lever feel with the barrel adjuster at
the bar okay looks like this job's done
you can get all the tools and parts to
do these jobs yourself on our part
section online thanks for watching
another episode of pure fixed garage if
you have any questions how to fix your
bike drop it in the comment section
below or hit us up on social media make
sure to subscribe to our channel for
more videos to keep your bike in tiptop
shape keep the rubber side down and I'll
see you next time