welcome to wildflower my name is romina
rasmussen and i'm the pastry chef at les
madlen in salt lake city and today we're
going to talk about different ways to
store homemade cookies
and there are different ways to store
them for different things so
sealable bags are always a great way if
you're wanting to just store
just to send some out the door quickly
air airtight containers are a great way
if you're shipping cookies what i highly
recommend so that they don't break and
they stay fresh a little bit longer is
to put two of the bottoms together
and then wrap them in pairs in plastic
wrap and that way the plastic wrap helps
keep them
it helps keep them fresher but then with
their bottoms together then they're a
little bit more protected because
they're they don't have rounded sides
next to one another and they're less
likely to break and that's a great way
to store them in the freezer if you're
making a big batch and you don't want to
eat them all at once so you can make
these little bundles put them in your
airtight container and then put them in
the freezer
and another way of doing it especially
if you live in a really dry climate like
we're in utah for example where it's
really really dry i tend to put a piece
of bread in the bottom of my container
and then i will put all my cookies in
that way
and that way it is this works great
especially for any cookie that has brown
sugar in it because just like you put a
piece of bread in with your brown sugar
to keep it soft it works just as well
after you've baked the cookies so then
i'm going to put all my cookies in the
container
snap on the lid with my piece of bread
in there and those will stay soft a lot
longer which is really nice when it's
dry so those are a lot of different ways
that you can store homemade cookies