hi guys is Mike from touch detailing and
today I'm going to show you how to
quickly clean and protect your rubber
floor mats going from this to this first
you'll need a pair of gloves to keep any
cleaner and chemicals off your skin a
rubber cleaner all-purpose cleaner or
degreaser a soft bristled brush for
getting into all the nooks and crannies
a stiff bristled brush just in case you
need a little extra power running water
a couple of old microfiber cloths and if
you have access to it for Steph I'm
using a pet dryer you could also use a
leaf blower for compressed air if you
have it if not and a couple more clocks
or a towel will do start by carefully
removing the floor mat making sure you
don't spill all the dirt and debris from
the mat into your vehicle once out run
away from the car beat them out until
all the loose dirt has been removed
[Music]
then rinse mouth down with Luther and
begin applying your cleaner agitate to
clean up with your soft bristled brush
ensuring you work the cleaner into all
areas of the mouth
[Music]
[Music]
next Vince the chemical war this lip
around the edge of rubber ball maps
helps contain water and dirt so you may
need to pick them out up when rinsing in
order to remove all up front
dip still dirty reapply the chemical and
the gears agitation of the stiff bristle
brush and again rinse away the front is
a process for your floor matically
[Music]
now it's time to dry them up then let it
dry in the Sun as this becomes water
spots use forced air to flow the water
off the mat and out of all the intricate
areas we don't have forced air you need
to drive with a few microfiber cloths so
will take longer but will still work
finally I like to use McGuire's Express
wax on this allows me to slightly
enhance the look of the map without
making it slippery or greasy like you
might get when using a dressing simply
spray on the map and work products in
until it's no longer visible before put
in the map up in your car quickly dry
the back to avoid getting your carpet
wet
[Music]