[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm Lori Gelman for how.com kids love
dinosaurs and they're going to love this
digging for dinosaurs party and look
what we've Unearthed for the birthday
cake this dinosaur cake is adorable and
I can't wait to learn how to make it
leave Hansen for Betty Crocker Kitchens
is going to show us how hey Le how are
you hi Lori now I know that kids love
dinos so this must be a huge hit at
parties it is is it easy to make it is
I'll show you how okay we're going to
start with two 9 in cakes but you can
actually use 8 in if you're serving
fewer people I'm going to cut a little
slice off the
bottom and then in the middle I'm going
to cut a u-shape out that'll sort of be
like the legs and the
belly and I'm going to place it on our
serving platter okay right in the middle
now this one I've already trimmed the
Dome off the top and I'm going to start
cutting out the tail and the head head
now I've already made templates so that
you don't have to just go in straight
and cut this will give you a little
guideline and you can make your
own you go okay so now I have the tail
which I'll then place
here and the head so now we're going to
move into a crumb coat a crumb coat is a
crumb coat is basically just a thin
layer of icing that helps seal in all
the crumbs another trick is that you can
freeze your cake for about 30 minutes
before cutting it and that'll also
reduce the crumbs oh great okay okay so
we have some green frosting o nice color
Yeah we actually used some neon green
food coloring so I'm also going to use
this frosting as glue I'm going to stick
it
underneath so now those are glued down
I'm just going to start crumming the
cake just try to cover the entire
surface the sides and the top okay once
you have it all crumbed you have to
freeze it for another half an hour just
to seal it all in just to seal it all in
it'll set the icing so that your final
coat is nice and clean okay and I
actually have one ready
great okay there we go so I'm going to
go right in and start doing the final
coat of frosting Okay scoop a bunch on
how much frosting do you put on is it a
th L it's prettyy thin it's probably
about a/4 inch you can go heavier though
if you want you can go a little heavier
I mean it really depends on how much you
like
icing now I'm going to go around and
frost all the sides so that they're nice
and smooth now I'm just going to take my
spatula and I'm kind of going to carve
that off or slice it off and Pull It in
towards the center of the
cake so basically I'm holding the offset
spatula flush with the cake and I kind
of come in from the outside
and scrape across I I describe it as an
airplane landing and then taking off
again it's always a good idea to have
hot water on hand you can clean your
spatula off in it just make sure you dry
it off and that'll make it easier to
make the icing
[Music]
smooth very smooth so to decorate the
dinosaur I have an assortment of
chocolates we'll use them for the spots
and the spikes and I also have a pastry
cone filled with vanilla frosting what
I'm going to do first is just do some
spots some various sized
spots all over
him I'm going to put two up here for
little googly eyes and maybe some for
toes their toes you now let me let me
move this a little bit so I can get the
drops around the back cute is the word a
couple
more okay so now the last step is to do
the teeth and maybe just a little dot
for the eye to make it really bounce
okay so I'm going to do two little
dots so you got your pastry cone my
pastry cone and if you want it can be a
happy dinosaur and you can just make a
smile but I like to have the teeth scary
dinosaur scary dinosaur so I'm just
squeezing holding in place and then
pulling up a little bit and you get a
point and there you have your dinosaur
that looks fantastic oh you know what
else we found this is so great we found
these little party favors it's an egg
and you open it up there's a little Dino
in there you can use them as a great
party favor or a you can hide them
around the house lots of fun to have a
dino party let me tell you I'm Lori Gman
for how.com