[Music]
you got a double bow sink disposes on
the right hand side there's a regular
sink strainer right here now anytime we
hear a complaint about a star is just
happening on where the disposer is it
suggests that the disposer isn't
grinding up the food well enough and we
look right there but that's not what we
have we have both sinks clogging all
right then let's take a look underneath
so here is the disposer right here and
what I'm really looking for is potential
choke points on the drain so on the
discharge of the disposer we go into a
pair of aailable is the black one and
the white one right here I want to take
those apart to see if there's any
restriction that comes into a t fitting
and that t fitting is where the
connection from the strainer meets the
connection from the disposer and that
could be a choke point and then down
here is usually the prime cpet right
here this is the trap a trap's really
important it keeps sewer gas from coming
back from the sewer pipe up into the
building so it has a little water seal
right here but that can clog so if it's
not any of these three culprits we may
have to open up the pipe that goes down
to the basement and clean that out
so this is the elbow from the
disposer that looks fine now I'll break
the tail piece coming down from the
sink oh look at there's something right
there that doesn't look too good let's
check this t-
fitting oh look at that there is your
culprit right there let me show you
what's going on
all right Steve look inside your T
fitting it's all gunked up at the top
right there let me show you what it
looks like when it was new if you look
down you can see that this opening has a
piece of plastic in its way what's the
purpose of that well it's actually a
diverter a little piece of plastic like
this this designed to let the water from
the strainer connection come down here
but the right hand sink in this case
wants to come in this way and it wants
to send that water down so there's less
chance of it's splashing up in the
left-hand bow but look what happens that
diverter makes this opening smaller so
it's a perfect place to create a
stoppage right there what I always
prefer to uses this a fullsize brass te-
fitting with no baffle and that's what
we're going to install
today here's our elbow fitting and you
can see the new gasket right here with a
nut tighten up the
nuts there's this one now this is the
tail piece you can see it's a flange
tail piece and has a special gasket
called top gasket that sits right down
inside and this nut holds it to the
underside of the strainer so that goes
right in
here all right now I just want to Snug
up all the nuts with my
pliers all right now we just want to
install this plug into the bottom of the
trap now all of our connection should be
tight why don't you just pass me some
paper towel
and we'll just put it underneath to test
those connections and you can run some
water for
me all right looks good so far but
really the only way to really test this
is to put the stopper into that left
hand Bowl let's fill it up and let it
discharge all at once
good all right looks good down here no
drips as it should be and it's draining
really fast which is great good we enjoy
right