do you like Kahlua yeah you do you like
Irish cream
yep but you sell it for this lowly
catsup yeah thank you got you like her I
love it
do you want to drink them together
obviously watch
Montcalm it cocktails I'm Tara that's
Dan that's good that's in this is the
duckfart the Alaska duck bar the recipe
for this is gonna be a half ounce kind
of layered cool then you're gonna lay on
top of that Irish cream I mean early on
top of that Canadian whisky all half
ounces and then it's gonna look like a
duck fart doc [ __ ]
yeah poopy so there's a few things that
poop looks like it looks like do you
never had bird [ __ ] on your window
yeah but birds just like white and like
a little like a speck of black goo [ __ ]
is like green and penny and pehlivan and
if they've had cherries and stuff like
that for her berries from the tree
purple look at this boom that's off site
I don't care about science this is
simple you can either measure it all out
or you can just freakin the mayor Holly
we're totally so you don't have to use
cool you we're not because I don't have
any left so I'm using Kapali it's like a
it's a little maple syrup right off its
coffee middle circle and then you got
your Crown Royal cuz it's Canadian so
yeah the the Alaskan duck fart is
actually designed is this a recipe in
Alaska is it but is it more like a
Canadian goose fart sure I don't know
make sense doctor I don't know sanim
ology of the Alaskan ducks part I guess
I can show you how the bartender who
ever had a duck mask when he's making
the shot so they're like it's just
somehow this game doesn't just mask yes
so could we get one of those for him
that's the question
could we put him in a duck mask
yeah of course you can but don't you let
us protect Matt's keyword here
you were like [ __ ] goggles lasts
last season I don't know last month last
month oh my god
see you need to clue me in on these
things well you how would I got it you
would have a duck bill that would be
fantastic
so you can layer this sloppily you don't
have to be too perfect ecause is that my
word
but because the the Kahlua is gonna
bounce right on top of the the know the
Irish cream it's gonna bounce right on
top of the cool without a problem
because the difference is in gravity the
Crown Royal is gonna be a little messy
on top and that's fine because you wants
to look like a little weird because
that's that's how the drink is designed
so apparently this is historically
around 1987 and it was at a peanut farm
in Alaska where a bartender apparently
bars the peanut farm so they have peanut
farms in the last yo [ __ ] I don't know
strikes a little basically your wine no
no David Schmidt where did peanut woman
walks into a bar orders a b-52 dad she
said she wanted to [ __ ] get memorize
that part of the story man horse walks
in the bar started experimenting with
cocktails they came up with this as an
experiment use wearing a duck bill they
don't really understand how come I can
insurance but see how it layers oh it's
very late and look up yes no this is
cool Swan by the way Ben best actually
member gonna find in your life if you
can find these babies forget the job
that ins they haven't paid me some pie
whatever the [ __ ] you want
what hey yeah I've had actually one fan
who for some reason thinks this is a
family show really yeah and he's like
why do you swear I haven't saw what my
kids are they're like a [ __ ] dirt put
on headphones like there's no your drink
you're watching a drinking show with a
bunch of guys being idiot I've ever seen
did you ever think that was gonna be a
child sir wait whoa we say now we say
stop yeah um so that's what
yeah but it's not so bad yeah so it's
still layered it looks a little poopy on
top yeah and brown on the bottom okay um
let me see this one but that's the first
one so it won't be the best you don't
think so
well we'll put it here for now if you do
with this poon you don't have to get
fancy this is not just crazy this is
duck farts also you'll see that the duck
fart placed prominently in some of the
old episodes Oh what's the show on who
the crap show on swim to Deadliest Catch
he's the guy that died what was his name
he's not Paul what was the good Julie
dill what was the guy that died the boat
Phil the Delacorte
Cornelius Murray and when he'd order
these on a little bit when he had order
these on no but when he ordered them at
the bars on Deadliest Catch
I get more views because I had done it
before that but then that was one of it
because it's a drink that's really
native to Canada sort of like Marie wish
they're both their kids have alcohol
abuse problems and or one of them does
it looks a slacker you don't see him on
real fat anymore but that helped bring
out lose the original video we did on
this this is a drink native to Alaska I
don't know if you can get it anywhere
else like if you went to a bar in
ordered an Alaskan duck fart they
probably look at you weird but you could
do it and tell them what it is you like
a b-52 but different the beaver chair
thing has
dad's bar Scotch no the tapas ready for
this so okay that's new shots from the
show again I had second one yeah so put
that one over here for a minute it is
layered and it's gonna drink these it
looks like on top of cream all right all
right pick it up pick it up pick one
officers you want the dirtiest one oh
yeah Cheers
Alaskan duck Bart's down the drain let's
go it kind of man [ __ ] oh yes it
tastes like a taste like a mudslide it
does not taste like a mudslide Irish
Cream it's a system much like Irish
cream coffee liqueur you know the feel
in the the whiskey libertà like yeah
it's really it's a little brown on the
crown row it doesn't have any weird
flavor to it it's a real yes it's a
little bird from the Crown Royal but
other than that it's I mean it's a
Swiper piece of cake
he's gonna go serve this off the line
it's not comfy it's heavily not clumpy
that goes right to us right down you'll
find that Crown Royal and Kahlua have
both marketed this as a recipe because
they saw this invented and then they the
distributor kind of grabbed into it it
drives sales
in in has done a great job studio
audience yes you can't expect the be
quiet when you serve everybody shots yes
no colonel not close be no it's not like
the throat yogurt no colonel not clumpy
no throat yogurt that's good it actually
it's really good question the name
what's your favorite shooter write it
down below
everybody's liking it you're gonna make
yourself a little cake chocolate cake is
my favorite shirt yeah but it's the best
shooter yeah yeah that's a good one it's
nice good shot cake we lost one down
Courtney's taking it down though it's
here don't hold it in girl break it down
like and subscribe to the show coupon
codes March 18 to save 80 billion off
faucet fixed on call buy yourself some
gear do it now sidebar
more videos these are probably less
chaotic what might not be nearly as
funny down below bartender circa Kato
Swisscom we're done for this month we'll
see you in March April I'm thinking of
doing a whole Tiki month so we'll see
how that shitty mom yeah we might EQ so
right your your reaction that we're done
again we're teaching a drink