hi okay so if you've ever tried to
remove a sticky label from cloth like
from shoes or from whether it can be an
absolute nightmare and I just discovered
this little trick and I want to share it
um alcohol rubbing alcohol I take a
little cotton swab and just get a little
get a little alcohol on it okay and I'm
going to do this on some leather ish
shoes okay so I'm just going to hold the
alcohol over there for just a minute
kind of soak the sticker a little bit
soak it up a little bit okay now from
there I'm just going to rub it off I
don't know if you can see that but it's
just coming right off and the alcohol
the alcohol will dry right up and it
doesn't damage it at all so super cool
look at that look at that totally took
it off I've been sitting here trying to
work on that for for a really long time
and I discovered the alcohol trick
totally cool right