hey Dave here from B gear and a couple
of people have been emailing me and uh
mentioned that their shoulder straps on
their backpacks um one side actually
slowly comes undone so slowly slips
undone while the other one doesn't um
and it's actually just that little bit
annoying um when the bags come out of
the studio we've actually implemented a
little d-ring in the adjustable strap
system there and that's because the
webbing has actually got a little bit
more more tooth than standard and
without that d-ring it would actually be
very very stiff and very tight um and
hard to to adjust the the length of your
bag now putting that Deering in there
gives it a little bit extra for it to
slide along and also gives that quick
release feature to be able to release
your bag very quickly or walk it up and
walk it down um for for ease of
adjustment now this slipping does occur
on brand can sorry this slipping can
occur on new bags doesn't actually
happen to all of them um and once the
bag is just that little bit older and
there's a little bit of um uh memory in
the actual webbing itself um this won't
happen anymore so the memory I don't
know if you can see that but this one's
got a little bit of kink in there that's
the memory from where the webbing has
been left at its little spot that memory
happens um by putting weight in your bag
and actually pulling putting it on
weight in your bag putting the bag on
and then pushing down so like
so so you adjust to the right height you
got a little bit of weight in your bag
and you push down like so down here on
the little triangles and that will
actually just put that little bit of
memory in the um in the webbing and give
it that little Kink so it won't slide up
and down the other way to solve it is to
actually use the webbing ends so I
discussed this in a in a previous video
but these webbing ends you can roll up
and down so what you can do is roll it
up to the height that you know is
perfect and do it up and that way it'll
never come undone uh and never adjust
it does mean that it can't loosen the
bag um but it won't unnaturally loosen
on you while you're wearing and using it
the final way to solve this this issue
is to actually remove the Deering from
the system now I don't recommend it uh
because there's so much tooth in that
webbing and it will actually be a lot
more stiff um adjustment but if you need
to you can actually remove that Deering
from the system entirely um you can't
weave the webbing back through because
of the velcro ends but what you can do
is just get a pair of pliers and cut
that Deering remove it complet
completely so I'm Dave from biar and
that there is how to solve the the
webbing slip on your backpacks cheers