welcome to how to videos from bugspray
calm today I'm going to show you
komm today I'm going to show you how to
use a pheromone food attractant beetle
trap this particular one uses a
attractant and when you get it you have
a little tab on here that you just tear
off and the best placement for these
it's going to be in a corner like this
and all you do is empty the food
pheromone attract it into the tray and
it's going to fill up the bottom of it
and as the as the Beatles or weevils or
even in the male moths travel into this
they're going to get caught in this
material I won't be able to leave it's
very nice because it's low-profile it's
got a ramp way for them to easily get
access in and it tucks nicely into the
corner
some of the pests that it's known to
control it's got a pheromone attractant
for the confused flower beetle the red
flower beetle Indian meal moth and the
warehouse beetle and it works as a food
attractant for both the Sawtooth green
beetle and the rice weevil so this is a
very good multi-purpose trap that's
worked well in a variety of situations
including bulk food storage