bought an older house in a nice
neighborhood and the inspector and I
were going through doing the final
inspection and he lifted up carpet in
the bathroom I was going to get rid of
it it looks like just simply didn't want
carpet in the bathroom but what he did
there was a bunch of silverfish
underneath there and one it grossed me
out but two I know that they can cause
actual damage to buildings and I began
looking for a solution because I didn't
want to use a pesticide company to come
and take care of it needed a natural way
to get rid of it and since I had time
between the closing and me moving in I
needed a solution and I found get rid of
silverfish calm and I'm so glad I did it
was simple easy-to-follow steps and I
didn't have to use a bunch of chemicals
I was able to get in and take care of it
and solar fish are gone before I moved
in the house it's safe for my family and
I don't have to worry about the damage
from silverfish and the gross nosov it
get rid of silverfish calm gave me all
the information I needed to make sure
that my home was protected and I can't
speak enough about it it really really
pleased by it