so we have these fancy LG washer and
dryer machines and we've had them two
and a half years I gotta say overall I'm
actually pretty happy with them other
than they're kind of slow
he's the washer compared to you know the
traditional top load never really had
any problems with it you know it's not
like the Samsung's that are so
problematic for have been in the past
but anyway washing a whole bunch of
jeans I had a little bit pretty heavy
and it didn't finish the cycle and has
this error Oh II and there's a lot of
water in the bottom water I know you can
see in here I mean it's not draining so
I had to go Google you know why read
Daniel I don't know if there's anything
about error codes in the manual but why
do that I'm an American we don't do that
here I just hop on your phone or
computer or whatever and go google it so
what I saw from googling and I'm gonna
try to confirm this is that there's an
access panel right here and that there's
a filter behind there for the water pump
kind of a pre-filter to keep large
chunks of lint from getting in there and
so I have a sneaking suspicion that
that's actually it because we have three
dogs two that are pretty large they shed
a lot we bring them in they have nice
comfy crates and pillows to stay in and
we wash them in this washing machine and
and I keep joking that we need to take
that stuff to the laundromat and tear up
somebody else's machine but there are
wads of hair that come out of here so I
have a feeling that's probably clogged
for safety's sake what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna disconnect power before I go
messing with this ideally this should be
grounded right
third prone so I should be protected but
I'm gonna play it safe disconnect power
before I go any disassembly and even if
it's something simple that should be you
know just a plastic screen there that's
a metal body I'm going to have my hand
in there I know it's wet I'm going to
try to get some towels down probably
catch anything that spills this would
actually be the bottom of it
go machine because this is actually the
optional you know drawer stand type
things and the others the rest of the
load I had to pull out because hoping if
I ran it again it would carry so I
actually asked the wife about it because
I thought she had bought an extended
warranty on it and I think she did I
think it's still good but I'm gonna
check the drain first anyway she said
yeah it's done that before when I've had
a heavy load and I've taken part of it
out done that in two parts and it's been
okay but anyway I have a sneaking
suspicion I hear what sounds like a pump
running when it tries to drain I want to
turn on the rinse so I think the pumps
running I don't think it's an electrical
failure of you know circuit board or the
pump motor itself I think it B is just
probably clogged and not able to get out
so this is just a nice little no tool
required push down pops open look at
that it's got a little diagram on there
showing you to pull the hose out during
the water into a pan or a bucket and
then rotate to pull this filter out well
I'd almost bet that's in the manual and
I was too lazy to go read it it's dead I
had to google it anyway I guess this
will help me out being up on a platform
I've got towel hanging over there
towel down here on the floor I have the
world's dirtiest bucket out of the
garage I may have to set you down to get
this open that is not much goes to drain
with and I'm probably gonna need both
hands it looks like that's gonna twist
out it shows just pulling it out and
then we'll let the water drain and I'm
assuming a little will drip out of there
but what I'm guessing here is much like
a fuel pump on a vehicle or any other
motor that's got a pump or any other
pump that's run by an electric motor if
you get a clogged filter and that
restriction sits there it's hard on the
motor and eventually burn it up so
hopefully we haven't done
damage here by continually trying to run
this with a partially plucked clogged
filter so I think it's finally almost
done I got two full buckets plus this
little bit and now we're adding dribble
I also found I'm pretty sure the fruit
roll-up wrapper is from the oldest kid
chapstick I think's from the wife but
anyway this washer definitely hasn't had
an easy life I guess
besides the pet hair that ends up in
there who knows what we'll find in the
filter so I'm going to put the plug in
and then we'll pull the filter out and
hopefully we've get enough of the water
out there didn't create a huge mess
pulling that out but I'm expecting at
least a little bit of water to drip out
so there wasn't too much water that
dripped out and you know the dark almost
black is actually from these being new
black jeans so a lot of loose dye that
was our first wash all together but
looking at the filter here I'm pretty
sure that's our problem that thing is
just chucked plumb full where's my
lights terrible here and I think the
camera is doing worse with the light on
that's absolutely full of dog hair
absolutely that's definitely an issue
with a little better light here OMG this
thing had to have been complaining for a
while
complain complain complain justice tisk
so it's not fill why that's so dark it's
died from the black blue jeans but still
pretty nasty mostly dog hair some chunks
of carpet from the bathroom rugs I don't
know is that cat litter in there from
that damn cat that's what the filter
should look like with all the gunk out
of it poor pump it was trying its best
kidding drain hopefully it didn't burn
up trying to drain through force water
through that rat's nest
I'm gonna look around in here and see if
I see anything hanging down junky stuff
looks like there's a little bit you know
and this just threads in shove it in
there throw it in righty-tighty
lefty-loosey come out
snugs caps back in I popped the cover
off but just to get out of my way take a
little easier drain take this towel and
wipe that up and I'll leave the cover
off to make sure this isn't leaking here
after we run it so the only way I'm
gonna know is if we run it in the drains
and if it still doesn't that I'm not out
anything I'll just call the warranty
company hopefully the warranty is still
in effect I don't want another project
to turn something down but anyway not
out anything if it still doesn't work if
it's actually the motor that's bad but
I'm pretty sure after looking at that it
was clogged and hasn't been clogged for
a while and hopefully didn't burn the
motor up so it's been about six months
since I initially cleaned that out and
filmed that and we have had to do it
once again again not a fault of the
washer
I've just keeping bedding for the dogs
and you know lots of hair large dogs so
totally user fault here user error
Russian of read the manual should have
known to check it if you're doing it a
little more proactively which I've put
it on the calendar and doing it that way
you know just doing a proactive clean of
that filter on the schedule there's not
much water to drain out I mean you can
just take a little cup and catch from
that hose in just a little bit and it's
pretty easy to do overall I have to say
that you know completely user fault my
fault here but I'm pretty impressed with
how tough that pump is I mean most
electric pumps of any sort with that
kind of resistance that kind of clogging
probably would have failed so very
impressed even after that it didn't just
survive short term and they survived you
know a good six months now with plenty
of more wear and tear on it so I
definitely think these LG's seem to be
pretty well build machines you know
especially when you look at what's going
on
the Samsungs or what has gone on in the
past with so many of their appliances
definitely a big fan of the LG stuff