hey how's it going guys Phil here and
this is a review for the pure looks-wise
bathroom sink faucet
you'll receive the faucet 226 inch
flexible water lines for hot and cold
water
a crescent washer and rubber pad a 5
inch shaft bolt and plastic mounting
tool the faucet is constructed of
heavyweight metal and has an oil rubbed
bronze finish it has a hefty weight and
measures seven and a half inches tall it
does not come with a deck plate the
nozzle will extend six inches over the
sink and it has an aerator at the end
that adds bubbles to give the water a
softer feel the hoses are color-coded
blue and red for cold and hot water
you'll also receive a set of Illustrated
installation instructions let's go ahead
and install this now first we'll want to
shut off the water supply line to the
sink for both hot and cold water tests
to make sure the water is off completely
if you have a drain plug assembly remove
it now note that the wise faucet doesn't
have a drain plug lever and you'll need
to use either a drain strainer a stopper
or pop-up plug with this faucet
now remove the old supply lines have a
bucket ready just in case any water in
the line runs out unscrew the nut
holding the existing faucet to the sink
and simply lift the old faucet out clean
the area well to prepare it for the new
faucet now we'll attach the supply lines
to the wise faucet insert the brass ends
first with the red line to the left and
the blue line to the right twist the
lines clockwise to screw them in thread
the shaft bolt into the faucet with the
short side of the thread in first
tighten with a flathead screwdriver on
the bottom now feed the water lines
through and placed a faucet over the
hole in the sink from the bottom feed
the rubber washer than the metal washer
and finally the brass nut onto the shaft
bolt tighten the nut with the plastic
mounting tool until it is firmly in
place against the bottom of the sink
make sure the faucet doesn't move now
reconnect the supply lines blue to cold
and red to hot and turn the water on to
check to see if there are leaks if there
are no leaks you're done the water from
the faucet runs smoothly and is gentle
with even pressure and soft stream the
fixtures medium height and fixed in the
center position
the only other accessories you might
need is a deck plate to cover other
existing holes and a matching pop-up
drain plug
overall the installation was
straightforward and the fixture looks
modern matching the mirror frame behind
it I hope you enjoyed this review you
can ask me any questions in the comments
I'll put a link to the product in the
description below don't forget to
subscribe to my channel and
next time