in this video we're going to use some
sterling silver wire to create some very
cute little hearts and they're really
easy to do and you can use them as
little designs on your pieces or you can
make these little hearts into a chain or
whatever you want to do it's really easy
to do and I'll show you I'll show you
simply how I do okay we're going to
start with our sterling silver wire this
is a 20 gauge 1/2 hard round so I'm
going to do is I'm going to cut off
about an inch of wire maybe a little bit
more and I'm going to take it in half
and hold with my round nose pliers pinch
it right there in the middle and fold it
onto itself
yep and it doesn't have to be even
you'll see in a minute that we can kind
of adjust that as we go but try to get
it close separate it just a little bit
take my round nose pliers back in there
this time on this side we're going to
kind of make an S shape so I'm going to
bring this top over the round part kind
of using the larger part of my tapered
round nose pliers so we have an S shape
and we're going to do it again on this
side and go down you can see the heart
starting to form and now it's just a
simple problem of getting the two ends
together to connect so we can use our
pliers and manipulate it a little bit to
get them to connect and we're going to
solder those very tips down here at the
bottom so we want to make sure they're
connected with a little bit of tension
so move them around to where there for
sure connected now you can sand the ends
down if you want or you can overlap them
or just make sure you have a little
connection there whatever you want to do
and you can experiment and then we're
going to use our little cross grip
tweezers and we're going to use our
silver solder paste we're going to put a
little bitty dab on the end of where
we're going to solder just a little bit
it goes a long ways
turn on a little butane torch and hold
it up here so you see it it flames a
little bit if your slaughters a little
dry it may be that using water until it
connects and then will quench it in a
little bowl of water and hear the hiss
make sure it's not hot anymore and you
can touch it so there's our little heart
now we can hammer it if you have a steel
block you can hammer so just using a
little hammer all depth to ends a little
bit camera till you get it to look like
you want and if there's a little bit of
a rough edge you can take your file and
just pull down over the edge or you can
push however you like to file but always
go in one direction and I kind of round
it off because I don't want it too pokey
and there we go there's our cute little
heart now we can make several of these
together and link them together to make
a chain or you can make a few of these
and then attach them with the jump ring
and create a chain that way there's
several different options you can do and
you can play around it and see what
works best for you but so specific you
to a little way to make a heart or add
it to an embellishment to another piece
have it as dangled from the piece of pmc
that you've worked with or whatever you
want to do sky's the limit with these
but just wanted to show you that cute
easy little way to make a heart and you
can do so many things with it so I hope
you're having a great day and I'll see
you in the next video