hello and welcome to this dr. clean coat
UK product
raishin in this demonstration we're
actually going to demonstrate two
individual products that we hold on
inside both of them are waterproofing
sprays the first is the repeal
waterproofing spray and the second the
scotchguard waterproofing spray we're
going to set up a little competition
between these sprayers today and we
found two ties that are both silk
different color sealing which is which
and we're going to spray each time with
one of the products after that you'll be
able to judge the water repellency of
each spray when we actually drip water
on the tires in front of the camera
please remember that when you're using
the waterproofing spray you don't have
to just use it on things like
waterproofing raincoats you can
waterproof anything you like shoes
handbags raincoats ties to make sure
that you either waterproof them for
waterproofing purposes outside in the
rain or waterproof them to save them
from something like staining which we
ties and dropping in your soup is quite
important okay so remember you have to
shake the can as well before you spray
and then we come in and we spray about
eight inches away from the surface
there's the Scotchguard spray on the
right hand time and now we shake the
repel can well
we spray right we can now just leave
them to dry and once they're dry they
should actually be waterproof so we'll
have to wait and come back to these ties
in short well okay we're now checking
stage it's going to check the color
fastness it is possible when you do this
that you can actually have a change of
color shade we'll just put one tie on or
the bottom of the time it's at the top
of it I haven't treated that at all to
see what the color change is most likely
color change is a darkening slightly of
the color so check the other tie so you
can see you have to decide whether that
matters or not that's a matched piece
isn't it here we go so have a look see
if you think the colors changed if it
has well that's a natural thing that
will happen there's nothing really you
can do about that well this is a
competition so we have to try and see if
we have a winner can you come to the
acid test which is pouring water down
the tires to see what happens okay she's
just playing water but a little bit of
seepage into the tie there off of the
repel but most of it just ran away now
we'll have a look at the time that's
treated with the Scotch Guard and again
till water down it now I think you can
see that is actually completely
waterproof
and there's absolutely no water on the
front of that whatsoever and the other
one not particularly there but just down
here we have some seepage into the
material so of the two one come to the
conclusion that if you want to
waterproof attire the Scotchguard spray
is actually more efficient than the
repel spray as a slightly different
weave might produce slightly different
results we've actually Scotchguard at
the second line now just to make sure
our results are good you can see that on
the second side it is still very
waterproof but we are getting just a
touch of seepage as the droplets stay on
the surface but it is actually a better
result in the first just repelled tie so
we have a winner
we still have a winner and that is the
Scotch Guard being a slightly better
overall water tightness than the repel
okay so we wanted a meaningful test but
I think we certainly had that of the two
ties one treated with repelled on
treated with Scotch Guard the one
treated with Scotch Guard definitely
came out the more water resistant then
when we retreated the rappel tie with
Scotch Guard we've got a slightly better
waterproof finish on that tie as well so
fibre waterproofing a tight I'd choose
the Scotch Guard in the moment we do
have a 3/4 to offer on our site full
Scotch Guard so you can avail yourself
of that thanks for watching hopefully
we'll see you again in the near future
you