okay so there's a study out there it's
called the NASA clean air study and you
can google that it's on your final link
on Wikipedia it will give you some of
the best performing plants on there so I
thought I'd give it a try and to my
great surprise it works like gangbusters
I thought it might work me a little bit
but it actually really works and I can
tell that because of the air quality
sensor I made a long time ago of the
Arduino and I have videos on my youtube
channel about that so you can check it
out
maybe I've spent 60 80 maybe $100 on
these three plants that I bought but
they've made a huge difference in the
air quality and I'm not talking about I
just mean I feel a little better I've
got some fairly scientific sensors that
I'm using to determine if the air
quality is better and what these just
these three plants that I bought things
have changed kind of drastically and
I've been watching the air quality for
months trying to determine where I'm
getting things like formaldehyde and
other things and I've eliminated some
things but the biggest difference I've
made so far is putting these three
plants and that I bought so I'm probably
going to buy a few more on NASA
recommend that you have one plant per 10
square feet 100 square feet excuse me of
space and my house is a thousand square
feet so I'm going to buy you know seven
more to fill the house so I can get
really pristine air but it really really
works and you might want to give it a
try it's going to make a huge difference
in the air quality inside your home and
it's not going to cost you a lot of
money in fact it's going to cost you
less than an air cleaner probably what a
good air cleaner so give it a try and
let me know how it works
I've made this air quality sensor quite
a while ago you can see all the dust and
things on that and there's there's
videos on my youtube channel about this
you can see it there but here's my
sensor okay this is a cornstalk drasi
endo which I think I got for maybe 20
bucks the pot was like 14 to 20 bucks
something like that so this is the
second plan I purchased this is a peace
lily it's on the list that I will show
you so that's two okay this is a
variegated snake plant or
mother-in-law's tongue I think I spent
10 bucks on that plant and maybe twenty
dollars on the pot but just those three
plants made a huge difference and it is
really surprising to me I'm probably
going to add some more plants to the
house but indoor air quality is
something I'm concerned with because I
have bad allergies and asthma and things
like that okay so here's the list and I
know you can't see that very well but it
doesn't matter because I'm going to put
a link in the video description but what
you want to look for is the plants that
have the most green all the way across
that means they remove the most
contaminants and like I said just with
those three plants it seems to make a
big difference in air quality and I mean
this is a fairly scientific thing I'm
doing I'm not basing it just solely on
how I feel I'm basing it on what that
air sensor over there is telling me and
it's telling me the air quality is
better with those three plants versus
not having them and just those three
plants make a huge difference so I would
give it a try for you