alright y'all know who it is it's me
it's Dan I want to welcome y'all to my
home in the sticks Lord of Mercy I don't
know how y'all feel about beef jerky but
I sure love some beef jerky I'm gonna
share a recipe with you give me a second
and we're gonna rock on into it
[Music]
I child the recipe we're gonna make
today is called a dr. pepper jalapeno
beef jerkey real simple probably not
your traditional way that a lot of folks
do it as far as they hydrate and stuff
like that but we're gonna do eyes on the
oven I'm gonna point you down I'm gonna
show you what we're gonna use and what's
going in it so 1 points now this is
about a two and a half pound I around
roast and I have trimmed it up fairly
good to get some of the fat off of it
and right here we have 2 cups of dr.
pepper 2 jalapenos sliced tablespoon of
Worcestershire our Winchester sauce 2
tablespoons of kosher salt 2 teaspoons
teaspoons of fresh cracked pepper one
teaspoon of garlic powder and one
teaspoon of onion powder we're going to
go on and cut this around oast i round
roast up into maybe an eighth inch thick
slices against the grain I don't know
we're just gonna cut it up and see how
it looks all right here we go we're
gonna cut them kind of on the thin side
maybe something like that I may be too
thick
now what you can do is you can put this
meat in the freezer and you could
actually freeze it to get it to where I
see now I'm liking that right there so
that's pretty good-looking right there
I'm kind of liking that so how's it
looking pretty good well what that
beeping is y'all get the gist of what
I'm doing I'm gonna go ahead and get
this I round roast cut up I'm gonna shut
that beeping noise off cuz it's beeping
and I'll bring you back whenever we get
this rose cut up alright y'all we have
our meat cut up point you down and show
you what it looks like real quickly what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put these guys
in a refrigerator I'm gonna just let
them chill in or refrigerator mm-hmm
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put that
2 cups of a little bit two cups of dr.
pepper in a saucepan I wish you saw a
sauce
I'll open those salt black pepper garlic
powder and our onion powder I'm gonna
put this this mixture on the stove on
stove top and I'm gonna cook it down
probably on the medium maybe 15 20
minutes and what I want to do is I want
to reduce this by half so we should end
up with about a cup of marinade for that
beef and when I get done cooking this
and bringing it down and reducing it to
about a half I'll bring you back and
show you what we're going to do next so
give me about half hour all right John
I'm gonna point you down the mixture
that we had in the pan that we that we
went ahead and reduced here it is right
here it has reduced down to a little
over a cup and that's what we want to
cup markets probably somewhere about
right here it's reduced probably a
quarter of the way and we should end up
with just a little over cup and that's
what this is what we're going to do with
this now is we're gonna let this mixture
cool down completely and once it cools
we're gonna pour it over the meat but
once this cools down I'll bring you back
and show you what we're gonna do next so
I
you win this cools down that marinade
that mix that has cooled off completely
it's really cold now what we gonna do is
and I'm gonna point you down is have a
gallon ziplock freezer bag all I'm gonna
do is I'm little bit put all of this
meat meat all this high round roast I'm
gonna put it in this ziplock bag and I'm
gonna take this marinade that we made
and I'm gonna pour it right into this
bag I'm gonna seal this bag up get all
the air out of it that I can and all I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna besides that
marinade into that meat rolls around
we'll get all the meringue on below
right there yeah I'm gonna take this
meat right here and we're gonna put it
in the fridge and we're gonna let it sit
overnight may even let it go longer than
that maybe try to get it about a good 12
18 hours just soaking up all this love
and this marinade and then in about 12
maybe 18 hours I'm gonna turn this
camera back on and I'm gonna show you
what we gonna do next so give me 18
hours and I get right back with you well
all right party people it's been about
20 hours that this these pieces of our
round roast have been sitting in the
fridge just getting that chill and relax
on it so it's been about 20 hours on my
points now let me show you what we're
gonna do next I'm gonna do is I have
some napkins just sitting on a cutting
board and what we're gonna do is we're
gonna take these pieces of I around Rose
smells good too
we're gonna set them down all we're
gonna do is dry them off as best as we
can with some more paper towels and then
we're gonna put them on the drying rack
and in the oven they go but we're gonna
try to see if we can't get these guys on
here and dry it off as best we can
another paper towel and just dry them
off it's a liquid off of them so you get
the picture on what I'm doing right now
we're gonna dry them off what's gonna
happen is once they get all of these
guys dried off what I have here
like a little rack or something and all
I'm gonna do is take these pieces of I
around roast and I'm just gonna lay them
on this rack just like that and once I
get all of these guys dried up and put
on a rack I'll turn this camera back on
so give me a second
all right y'all let me show you what
it's looking like looking good too and I
also want to tell you I preheated my
oven to about 170 degrees need to let
y'all know that - I'm gonna point you
down these guys is just gonna go
straight into the oven 170 degree oven
and we're gonna let them go it's
probably gonna cook maybe on the slaw on
a low temperature from anywhere from 2
to 5 hours so what I would do is I will
turn this camera back on and about it I
will once I get them inside the oven
just to show you what they lookin like
so give me a bottle and I turn this
camera back off all right Charlie about
an hour and a half in on these beef
jerky so I'm open up this oven and let
me show you what that look like once we
hit the I think these are probably gonna
go maybe three or four hours maybe maybe
in five so I guess wants to get close to
being done I'll turn this camera back on
and show you what they lookin like seen
about five hours
all right y'all we about five and a half
hours later look what I have some beef
jerky now I took the beef jerky out of
the oven and I put it in a ziplock bag
and I'm leaving a ziploc bag open so
they can actually steam and what the
jerky that we lookin for is we want
something that's gonna be pliable and
it's not going to snap because if your
beef jerky snaps that means that it's
overcooked so this is nice and pliable
I'm here to tell you it's hard I don't
claim I'm happy with
tastes pretty good now this beef
turkey that I just made it'll last about
two to three days if you just leave it
on the counter put it in a ziploc bag
put it in the fridge it'll last about
two to three weeks
real easy to make probably add next time
I'll probably add just a little bit more
spice to it because I like the spicy
jerky but all in all real easy little
time consuming what I didn't realize is
my oven actually has a dehydrate mode on
my gas oven didn't know that anyways
there you have it
dr. pepper jalapeno turkey turned out
fairly good five and a half hours worth
of work and y'all need to try it
so if you liked this video give it a
thumbs up thumbs up really help me if
you have a subscribe to the home in the
sticks Channel y'all need to go and give
me a look now just so I can show you all
what I'm doing over because I'm really
always doing something and with that
being said you know what's coming don't
let nobody tell you shine now and I mean
nobody you get your shine on he will see
you and y'all in the next video
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]