so first thing I'm going to get is my
water so because the water is cold I'm
going to add boiled water little hot
water from the kettle you can also do
this inside your bathroom but I prefer
to juice in my garden so if you live in
a house maybe like a flats you don't
have a garden it's okay also do it in
your bathroom or in your shower room so
the last thing I'm going to do I'm going
to put fairy there is why I'm using
fairy ease because it's very good for my
hands
he doesn't damage my hands compared to
other hand wash and it can be looked
very very nice the color will still stay
still that's why I use some fairies you
guys might find this strange but if you
are doing anything and it's working for
you keep draining baby so these are my
clothes
and I'm going to leave that to soak for
at least five to ten minutes
the reason why I'm soaking it is because
in case the clothes have a nice things
they soon will be able to come out
easily when I'm scrubbing it so five
minutes later I'm going to start washing
my clothes which I have one pocket here
another pocket here and have what's
already a little warm so what I'm going
to you find out that when you use you
have to wash your clothes you find out
that your future stain the simple for
very very long time even many more years
you find out that when you buy clothes
and you wear for maybe like one time an
you wash it the color changed if not
because it is not quality is because the
washing machine Ashley told me lots of
damage to our clothes that we don't know
but it's better we use your hands you
know especially your favorite expensive
dresses are even advise you guys to use
your hand you won't and we'll see your
money go into the laundry you know but
it's okay fine use your washing machine
to wash your duvet love their sheets but
there are some just clothes expensive
clothes and it's okay better use
to worship the Colo still stay the same
so when you're washing the clothes
important place you know stroke is the
ante
[Music]
I need I see I'm washing my black my
blue different color at the same time
but which washing machine you cannot do
that you just cannot damage the clothes
you have to wash black separates white
colored separate separate your hands the
same for our interest system
so I'm going to repeat the same process
I have another clean water in the other
pocket and I'm going to wash it from the
black pocket to the other pockets to the
cream pocket is it
[Music]
so I have another two books are here and
I'm going to read the speech same
process - what's up
I stopped for me guys
so this is my final wash you're gonna
put this just to give it a nice smell
so this is my final race
[Applause]
so when you wash your jeans jackets or
jeans like this it's very difficult to
squeeze so all you need to do you just
put it like this for this so that the
water can drain you can do this in your
bathroom as well or you can do it in
your garden so that's it guys thank you
for watching the video don't forget to
subscribe and like thumbs up and I'll
see you guys in my next video bye