hey hey y'all I hope you can see me I
got some light on in here we're in
between church services I'm still in
Pearl Mississippi if you watch my video
from earlier today you were saw that I
put on a pot of beans this morning now
we're getting ready to make some hot
water cornbread because you know I was
called on the carpet by the real country
cooks who accused me of not making real
hot water cornbread they were right and
they were wrong they didn't watch my
video obviously because in the video I
said I had done some things differently
to make a lighter cornbread but since
I'm in the country since I'm in Pearl
Mississippi I'm going to show you the
real way hot water cornbread was made
right here is just meal I use one cup of
meal boom and since I used 1 cup of meal
I bought my water I'm going to use 1 cup
of hot water equal amounts okay then we
may need to add a little bit more in
there sometimes you could put a little
sugar or put a little salt I'm going to
add just a little bit of sugar to mine
let me get this thing over here you can
also put an egg in here but let me tell
you something our ancestors had such a
creative mind because they used what
they had I put about a spoon and a half
of sugar the old folk will say you're
making cornbread you're not making cake
and now I'm just going to mix it you can
see what I'm doing
what they didn't have eggs they didn't
have butter they didn't have oil they
didn't have what else goes in corn bread
flour all they had was a little meal and
some hot water now we eat hot water
cornbread and we think we're doing
something before our ancestors they were
simply using what they had okay see how
I got it right here I think I wanted
just a little bit stiffer because I want
to be able to see look see how that is I
want mine just a little bit's different
so when it's this way you sprinkle just
a little bit at a time sometimes you
sprinkle just a little bit at a time and
you get it too thick well if you do that
you just add some more mixing it honey
this conference was over and folks were
standing around talking about where they
were going to go eat
I thought to myself I know where I'm
going to eat I'm coming back to miss
aunt's house so I put my beans on this
morning okay this is good enough
let me come on around here cuz I got my
oil over here getting hot then let me
show you who these beans
glory to it's like you see these beans
look at it look at these great northern
beans you saw me take it took me about
seven or eight minutes to put it
together oh can you see it make sure I
got this angle right took me about seven
or eight minutes to put this together if
you can do it and that's time and Adam
come over here while I get ready to fry
this bread because I want you to see
stop doing ok here we are my grease is
over there you want to take your hands
and rinse them in cold water then I'm
going to take my bread and we're going
to pan out what's hot I'm going to
pepper cut out a little piece I don't
have my cameraman ok then I'm going to
take this come on over here
hope my flyer isn't too high and I'm
just gonna place it in the oil
see that got that okay now going to
rinse my hands because I touched that
bone and I'm cooking but I need to rip
some a cold water anyway but that out
another piece of bread and we're gonna
just drop it and let it do is cooking
maybe I can Pat another one I'm using
yellow corn man but this is it this is
the recipe the original recipe for hot
water cornbread this is the way my
mother made hot water cornbread this is
the way her mother Madi Canton Bui made
hot water cornbread it's the way a Lula
Earl's Canton made it and it's the way
Dora
Arnold Earl's made it and it's the way
Arena McCoy Rena sparks McCoy made how
many generations did I go back it's the
way I make it
it's the way my daughter makes it and
one of these days I'm going to teach my
granddaughter to make it so we're just
passing down a recipe that's been in the
family for years
the moral of the story that I want to
teach you what we're talking about we're
talking about hot water cornbread but
you remember what I said that it's a
poor man's bread the people didn't have
all the ingredients to make cornbread so
they used what they had and that's the
message I want to pass on to you use
what you have
they didn't they didn't say oh I don't
have any eggs I don't have any oil and
that's what we do sometimes we get a
dream God will give us a divine vision
or dream but what's the first thing we
say oh I haven't been to college oh I
don't have any money all the bank won't
give me alone we have all these excuses
for not doing something that's my friend
doing jigs book do something we make so
many excuses for not doing
something but as you look at this hot
water cornbread I want you to be
challenged to do what our ancestors did
and that is to simply use what you have
if you want to look at it yeah let me
show you my beans all the beans when
this is done well I might job to get a
good look at it okay I'll let you see
the finished product
don't forget when you think about hot
water cornbread think about using what
you have you use what you have
honey boom you got everything you need
all right I got keep an eye on my bread
eat my beans
it's 525 we gotta be back at church at 7
o'clock
see y'all meanwhile those folks are
sitting up somewhere trying to get a
table for dinner and gonna fin if five
of them go to dinner thing on spend $125
and they all could have come over here
and eating dinner with me all prepared
for about seven dollars alright y'all
gotta watch my bread bye-bye