now here's something quick I want to
share with you this sink was pretty
dirty it had all kinds of marks at the
bottom and I thought they were etched
into the ceramic well check it out take
a pist Stone I've made a video of this
if you've ever seen my video where I
clean a toilet with the pist Stone
you'll you'll soon find out that on most
ceramic sinks you can do the same thing
just take it I've got a little water in
there now I'm going to do a line across
here let's see if I can make an X cuz I
just did it
there this sink is uh oh I don't know 15
20 years old I'm
guessing I was talking to the owner and
she was thinking about replacing the
sink look at that x marks the stop baby
the spot look it
cuz there was ring around the collar on
this entire
sink look at that and see over here was
the same
thing so was a
ring just take it and just keep rubbing
put some elbow grease in
[Music]
it right on ceramic don't worry about
scratching it I get people saying Hey
Joe you're going to scratch the coreland
don't do
that well that's what a pist stone is
for it's designed to clean
ceramic and um lots of pool supply
companies they have PM Stones too
because when you have ceramic tiles at
the top edge of your pool guess how they
clean it that's right with the pmus
stone okay there's a tip for you
awesome you got to get one of those you
can make your sink look almost brand new
if it's a
ceramic uh
ceramic uh porcelain not ceramic if it's
a porcelain sink okay and generally why
if you have a a an off maybe a tan or a
black porcelain sink you might want to
think twice about it or stainless steel
I would never use a p of stone on
stainless steel you're going to wreck it
okay but you can rub on this all day
long and not damage it at all you get
this all nice and clean it's going to
look like a almost like a brand new sink
when you get
done man that's awesome hey check my
channel out next time you've got some
home improvements to do some little
projects some cleanup whatever I might
be able to save you even more money and
if I can do it an average Joe guess what
you can do it too
well that's all I got for this time but
I'll be back with more videos