[Music]
the ingredients are as many eggs as you
want salt and pepper okay so first of
all we're going to break the eggs so
that the white is in one big bowl and I
have the yolk inner smaller one so try
to do this less messy than I am doing
right now just going to do it with my
hands because I think it's easier there
we go so whites in a big bowl yolk in a
small one all right so now I'm going to
whisk the egg whites until they're
fluffy so this is the result you are
looking for it looks quite firm and also
kind of stands up in little Peaks when
you run your whisk through it also whisk
the egg
yolks there we go now the next step is
to gently spoon the egg yolks through
the egg whites now it's very important
you do this uh with a spoon and not with
a whisk because you want the fluffiness
to maintain there we go now take a
little pan and put it on a low fire
we're going to use a non-stick pan if
you don't have one you can always use a
regular one and add some butter or olive
oil when your pan is starting to get hot
add the mixture
carefully spread it around in the pan
now put a lid on it and let it fry for a
few minutes halfway through we're going
to season it with salt and
pepper and some salt and again put the
lid on
[Music]
there and there we go here we have the
final result we folded in half and now
you can serve it with some tomato sauce
or some ketchup um or some bacon
jig jiggles
oil thank you guys for watching and as
always see you in the next one goodbye