the other way my grandmother's
bread-and-butter putting his different
is that she used brown bread salty brown
bread in place of white and what she did
is make sandwiches with the bread and
this ginger jam and and just squish them
together which gives a lovely kind of
juicy aromatic center to this pudding
and I know that bread and butter pudding
had a revival in the 80s and probably
now considered you know deeply
unfashionable and boring what I always
felt was a great pity is that it does
became a kind of restaurant item and
bread and butter pudding isn't
restaurant food I mean it's home food
day through I reckon ten pieces of bread
so five sandwiches all together or they
were going to cut them it's about right
for my pudding basin okay this is easy
well it's all easy I mean it's that sort
of cooking just cut these sandwiches
into triangles and then just as a
pudding basins been greased with butter
just put these sandwiches in when I what
ideas what she did so the first one goes
in with a triangle like this and then
the next one with the triangle down this
way and what this does is that you get
nice pointy bits peeking out from the
custard at the end and they get lovely
browned and crispy and crunchy
then again again this because this is
what she did I just put one along each
side now these are sultanas and what
I've done is I just soaked these in rum
and I find the easiest way to do this
quickly so they've come really plump and
sort of aromatically filled with a
liqueur it's just putting in the
microwave for a minute and just leave
them to cool now the custard because all
bread and butter pudding is is some
bread butter and baked in a custard top
set one this is very soft set because I
like to use mostly yolks that make too
much white so I have four yolks
and one whole egg just do you need some
white to set but if you use too much
white I find it makes it to sort of
firmer custard and I want it to be
really sort of a luck to see tender
sugar loses a lot to do a taste I think
three these spoons is plenty after all
the fruit is quite sweet and the ginger
jam is sweet it's got heat but it's also
got sweetness gentle whisking and then
some cream I have to say my grandmother
who had more austere tastes and lived in
a more austere age just used milk but I
like to use about five hundred mils
double cream and two hundred full fat
milk stir and then pour this gorgeous
yellow cream over the bread and let it
soak for about ten minutes because
really you want it to soak in a bit
before you bake it and then all you need
to do then is just dab butter over the
little pointy bits that stick out and
then sprinkle over some Demerara sugar
when it good crunch and some ground
ginger just aroma and then put it in the
oven
[Music]
mmm smell of my childhood
[Music]
you