hi I'm Blair Gilbert here from mr. Hydra
calm and Gilbert's pro hard we're in st.
Clair Shores Michigan
here to do a quick tercer tation and how
to paint plastic laminate cabinetry
[Music]
whenever you're painting laminate such
as kitchen kitchen cupboard bathroom
cupboard here the important thing is is
you must get all the grease and oils off
the laminate before you paint it it will
only act as a release agent so here I
brought out some of my favorite products
for when I'm cleaning I've got if I'm
doing a big job and it's really nasty
I'll use trisodium phosphate this is an
excellent super-strong hardware grade
soap if you mix it with hot water make
sure you wear gloves if it's a smaller
job this is an excellent product this is
dirt X this is ammoniated cleaner this
is strong like the dickens - I get a
little spray of dirt X I'll wipe it off
I'll take a rag with water to wash off
any residue warm water and I'll wipe it
down one more time with warm water than
solid dry I can go to work to do Glosser
so it's just a chemical a little bit
like acetone that when you use it it's
strong it dissolves it's not a great
dirt cleaner but it's good for getting
rid of oil so we use these products so a
lot of times I'll use a scotch pad you
know a plastic steel wool I'll use this
to scrub my materials down as I'm
starting my job I'll also use sometimes
a sanding sponge it's just a sanding
sponge when you're pretty cheap dad lets
me get into the grooves when I'm
prepping a job I can drag this through
and make sure that I got the crud out of
there although my scotch pad did a good
job doing the exact same thing that's
how I prep it I get it all cleaned up
and ready to go now
what am I gonna what am I gonna put on
these doors after I get them all clean
I'm gonna use Ben primer surface like
this I would hand paint with a brush
around the metal the v-grooves anything
hard to get to then I will take the bin
I will throw it in this tray this has
got texture so I'm going to use a
fluffier roller if this was a bone
perfectly smooth for my cot I would use
a short mohair roller
it's a alcohol based primer being
alcohol
Foam foam are not of the list of items
we can use to apply it we need to use a
bristle brush we just have a little
weighty net very expensive bin primer
this is a white pigmented shellac this
stuff sticks like crazy to everything
it's we've used it on ceramic tile in my
lifetime I paint in glass with it but I
really like it for plastic laminates and
kitchens it's also good for kitchens
that have been stained and varnished I
treat a stained varnish door the exact
same way I clean it real good TSP dura
Tex
sometimes the glossary that's what I
have in handy at the time I get it clean
and make sure I rinse all my chemicals
off real well in this project we're
gonna put a little bit on this drawer
front just as you can see and this dries
very fast 15 minutes you have to put it
on you can't go back the cool thing is
is what you did a half an hour ago you
can pick up and do again or you can
handle it to store it primers pricey but
it does stuff no other primers do so we
got the drawer same material when you're
doing a drawer and you're trying to you
don't want to paint the whole thing you
just want to cut in when you do this you
tape just a top edge of the drawer I
find a rag allows me to push real hard
to seal the tape this is a different
painters trick another trick using
primer I always like to tint my primer
maybe I'm gonna paint this kitchen
country blue or yellow whatever it is
especially if it's gonna be a shocking
color I'd like to take and tint my
primer so that when I get it done in
primer I get a look at what I'm doing
maybe it's too dark maybe it's not dark
enough least with the primer I got a
free glimpse what my kitchen could be in
the future see how watery this has been
is very thin so when you apply it see I
paint it away from the edge first then
when I get to the edge now I just have a
moderate amount of paint in it this
doesn't necessarily cover 100% there can
be a little bleed through when you're
using bin primer when you put the paint
over the top the paint will cover
this now we can't go back in that very
many minutes this is going to be - it's
gonna be too dried to go back it will
pull on my brush so we're gonna do the
front in a later date because we're
gonna take we always take the hard way
off before we paint cover this the
product we place in art in our case
today is this California ultra plate
there's a few other people to make
products as nice as this this is a
hundred percent acrylic this is $60 a
gallon again you want a great job if you
have to use great products take your
time we're gonna put a little finish on
this we have our cabinet coat this is a
hundred percent acrylic it goes by a
couple names but it is made to do
cabinetry it is latex that if this was a
smooth surface when it lays down it lays
down and it looks like it's a oil-based
you can see with this one coat now we
just prime this half of an hour ago and
now you can see one coat is covering
this up pretty darn well paint went on
well I got to put on the second coat is
it still it was brown there this is oak
I'm painting the oak cabinets white I
removed all the doors and hardware it's
just gonna make it simpler not only to
clean but the paint
somebody's been taped off I'm gonna
start watching with TSP some people
don't put on the tape first they wash it
I'm worried about the finish and the
walls so I would get some type of
protection then I'm gonna lightly sand
all right everything's been washed 2 TSP
came out pretty good and I'm going to do
all the surfaces lightly with sandpaper
just so I have a good adhesion I'm using
Sherman Williams emerald
it's a urethane trim enamel it's a
semi-gloss and it's water-based
has an extremely hard finish that's why
I wanted it for the cabinet yeah it's
expensive it's but it was 30% off
sometimes it's 40% off I've been real
happy with his Emeril this is the second
coat it's going on
smooth they say it's
self-leveling I think part of it has to
do it's the night as thick as some of
them the brushstrokes are hidden and the
rolling it has gone very smoothly
you