hello the setting the settings were here
looking at whirlpool cabrio customer
says complete a cycle basically just run
and stops doesn't tell them anything so
we're going to find out what's wrong
with this he says making some noises too
so the first thing that we do come out
and I want to find out what's wrong with
these things with codes okay this model
does it right here okay
basically you turn the knob one back
three four one back okay we'll do it
again one back one two three one oh one
more steps back back so let's turn one
this way you can one this way so get
that way one back one forward okay so
let's start us out again okay so we go
and back to view forward
that one time didn't do it it's ringing
back there was living at little area
okay so going back to degree and it went
okay you get it timed right to you
timings is almost as important as how
thank the way to do it with us the
button dance and the first lit light
life of our current one to the right
okay so oh one or if you don't have
anything you display it's going to say
done okay then when I hit start
you get CL and that's to clear that's
the clear Spock if you her to hold start
right now we clear the codes we don't
want clear codes okay this is your code
okay so you get out and it says it in
the display on this one luckily which
was not so picked this unit for just for
this reason
so this one is showing us a 1 F 2 or F 1
you want s to you want vice versa once
we get our money a lot we forgot which
way it goes so we're getting a little
handy damage man you out here showing
their close up on so you guys can see
this but if you have one of these models
and you're having some codes and you
don't know how to get into this thing
basically what you're going to do is
this manual that manual right there is
located right here on the front of the
unit right in the spot behind this panel
so what you do is you take your hand
push down on the tub stop breaking it
you reach in there and you grab it let's
see if you can see the spot
well there as you can see just a little
bit there it is you see that that's the
bag of that manual came out of so you
just reach in there and grab with your
fingers you want to top of that bag
there and grab that bag out here to
washer know how this guy you turn into
on on this one it's page six page six
okay I'm going to run over these real
quick so you guys can see all the stuff
yeah you guys can see that now
this is the close you could want you
know when recommend look at this washer
the first thing I'm going to do is go
and pull these codes we're going to tell
exactly what's wrong with your unit okay
so okay okay so now we got the O's it as
we got f1 we got f 1e Oh wrong way s to
e1 so we're gonna go down our list here
you have to t1 right there
so Stuckey so basically stuck stuck
button some point okay so we that could
be from some waving something on the
washer that could be just a control
board acting directly anything or it
could be actual button being stuck okay
if you notice your washer like you hit a
button and it doesn't want to work it's
probably stuck but on this one I don't
think that's the case so when we long so
now we're going to turn one more to the
right okay now what we got F 1 e 2 which
is motor control fault let's see that F
1 e 2 1 2 come back over here little
control fault now that one is a more
curious you won that one I'm going to
tell you when I first got here I could
hear some kind of I don't know like a
buzz or electrical sound out of the
control board
let's immediately made me think about
that control board but this it confirms
it so we're going to be looking at that
control board today and see any of those
ok things can have up to 4 or 5 think so
we're going to the next one and s 0 e 5
now that's a kind of a weird one because
if you look at the display it shows two
also same thing a soak
and this shows rinse in and done if you
look over here down here you have an f8
and an e5 okay and that's thing that
lines up the same with that display so
I'm going to tell you it's an f-89 s0
and that is a hot and cold burst
it's basically the hot and cold valve
works
just need to swap your hoses or just
double-check then control I imagine a
back control board can be doing all
kinds of weird crazy stuff so it was
just a control board itself if it's bad
so but we're going to go look at that
first before you do anything else not
we've got our codes I have waiting here
forget you go ahead and move on check
make sure we have nothing else that says
easier easier oh that's another no code
that's clear
okay now you see what hurts clear seen
clear to the CL and all the lights are
blinking now we hope we're going to hold
start and clear it but if you guys
listen I think every time it blinks it's
making a little sound so that's some
notes when hold start beeps once okay
guitar all right now let's just double
check our sauce here make sure things
cleared okay I want to go one right -
okay back in there now here's the CLE
have your codes in the first digit C so
include the codes now the next thing is
we're going to pop this panel off the
top I'm gonna start looking this control
board basically we're going to do is
Linda's walks are for
yup screw there you see here you have
the screw here screw here this is going
to fold out pull it all the way clean
the water valve you have a screw right
there a lot another side of the cord you
have a screw then you got a screw here
and then screw here we'll pull it panel
off and we'll go back the next step next
time your builder okay well the customer
showed me an error of my ways here right
there's an F to the early v it was the
second one there's third one down the
list
I just missed it but that isn't off
balance low detected okay what there it
is so it's not
we had what I said it was I thought it
was s 8e five is this one oh the cold
cold water reversed so I was wrong okay
I got caught so there it is look we
don't worry about the valves now now
it's just not a balanced load no big
deal but we still got control Brooke
look after okay we're back I went ahead
and pop this the front panel opponent
I've already got the back panel loose
but and show you that it's got it
hanging back there
now this is going to tilt back so I'm
going to pull forward until Tagget you
believe
now what's going to do is going to stick
out like they put a knife or something
up in here okay push this tab back take
it apart and slide it right in here and
between this thing and push this tab
back and this and keep pushing it back
until this thing pops up a little bit
and there you just kind of come twist
back and pull forward same time let's
how you get to follow where's our
control board I'm gonna get to a little
bit of access to it and come back here
when I had just unplugged everything off
of it here
[Applause]
you'll also get a little tab right there
a little tab right there move to the
right should we cut loose and then what
I'm going to do is I'm up loose the tabs
on the sides here I guess you got
screwed right there to say no about
right there
but to work then on pop loose all these
all these tabs on it and open it up I
want to see if there's anything to barn
out on the board pop capacitors anything
like that still the same salvageable
okay guys looking at this control board
here and I see something right off the
bat okay but noise it made everything
okay a noise okay it's almost like
ripple on the line okay when you hear it
like that but it's I know there was
there's a term port and I don't remember
what it is okay but it's the harmonics
electricity okay it's another I don't
know that's what I can explain it okay
but whenever you can kind of hear that
stuff okay one of its off and trying to
compensate for it you know you'll hear
the control board kind of try to
compensate for that so but basically I'm
going to tell you I see a cap right away
that's bad that thing is blown up
completely I would replace every one of
those caps at least test them make sure
if they're good then try this board back
out I guess we'll replace it it's up to
you you don't want to mess with the caps
I know I'm going to tell you that the
the only time we've done the cap on this
board right now it didn't work out it
was still bad
[Applause]
but that's not for every one of them
hopefully this one is going to be a good
one if the customer wants to go that
route but what I do is placing
capacitors and then go ahead test run it
run your checks go ahead and do your
calibration load all that see if it
comes up any more errors test run it
there to run a full cycle sometimes it
won't even show up until you want a full
cycle if you has an error sometimes that
speed sensors real bad about it I don't
know if the led likes to wear out or
wear down as it runs and then short out
or I don't know what it is but anyway
those those speed sensors will can act
up after it's been running for a while
but it's a bad board ok bad cap may have
more damage may have less damage who
knows but that's what we're going to go
from here
[Applause]
all right thank you guys get back with
you on the rest of it all right we're
back here you look excuse the fan it's
pretty hot here in Tulsa let's see here
we got that control board back together
and replace the capacitors on it but I
did where I replaced all of them first
what was a five they're two big ones and
a couple little ones there I matched the
I matched the the farad and the voltage
on Alden except for that one that one
was a 6.3 volt I went to attend try to
cover up to cover the you know makes try
to let it blow again I don't know if
it's rise above that or not but I went
ahead and did that just to make sure
but we got that we got all of them
changed out I dunno them to the to the
back to their I don't have any sr meter
to test these with I have a passin
sweeper but those two didn't they were I
don't they weren't the they didn't fail
on the capacitor side but that didn't
equal in other words one was slightly
off from the other so I didn't I didn't
want to have them in a place where I
think they push and pull for them to be
different they should be the same with
my opinion was so I went ahead and I
just replaced him anyway and then
they're cheap I mean and I did put a
very calm
who respond
yeah Nietzsche kon nichi Khan's anyway
the good ones since I comes with me I'll
say it though we're going to slap that
villain that boy back on there put it
all black in place and give it a test
and get back with you I did knocked off
that cover for that one capacitor our
change barn guys got a control board
back on I'll go find out this works or
not
[Applause]
I'm going for in test mode here
first thing we want to do is put into
cooperation up with the priestess board
[Applause]
so I'm painful
well braixen move okay it looks like
it's me Rin fly just say it events light
get start start running for a minute
here I'm just going to let it run
through if it stops I will start back up
but there we can just let video run all
right
and see the past
and grew
now we're going to go through our mag
test mood
which is
okay automatic test mode which is the
spin light okay so do our deal here
this or about this run through typical
deniers both in there well guys we made
it through I think it's good to go we're
really going to know for sure until the
first cycle VIN ran through that sensors
going to have an issue but that's not
let's just going to have to you know be
tested with time so from here I'm gonna
say this is good to go
if I've introduced you I will port back
but um you know course you don't give me
a thumbs up subscribe you know comments
anything thanks guys