hey there tubers Mario here right back
at you with another video I just wanted
to let you guys know don't throw away
your OEM filters they can be cleaned I
use this can and cleaner the bottles in
rough condition I use this can and
cleaner and it works very well this this
is the OEM filter this is a crappy Fram
filter you could probably see how small
the pleats are and how big the pleats
are in the OEM filter anyways we bought
my wife's car used with 35,000
kilometers and it was never changed this
was the stock filter so this came out
very very very good came out very very
very good sorry for that yellow in the
screen there is just because of the
lighting but yeah kimo awesome came out
great the only thing I would suggest is
if you're doing this the drying process
takes a while if you have a dryer that
you could put a rack inside
I'll keep it from bouncing around you
could just kind of sit it in there and
let it dry or you could put a blow dryer
to it not high heat just blow some air
through it or put it in front of a fan
just try not to get any dust in there
you know what I mean the whole idea is
to have a clean one not a dirty one but
yeah man
cool cool news you can reuse your old
OAM air filters and yeah that's great
save yourself a couple bucks
unfortunately this stock filter is is
around I think 2530 dollars yeah so
that's that's why I was cleaning it and
I like these filters a lot I like the
cotton filters if you're not looking for
performance and you just want a clean
engine they're probably the best thing
to use because they'll filter out very
very fine microns if you look on how how
the canon filter is and how many microns
it it does you be kind of disappointed I
would not use a Canon in the wintertime
that's for sure
because if you get a cloud of salt there
guess what your your engine's going to
be gulping that all up but yeah guys so
you can clean these OEM filters they
work great and I'm gonna throw this in
my wife's car right now it looks amazing
so cheers guys hope this was some good
information for you guys to use and have
a good one
Cheers