hey this is Sarah with register nurse
rn.com and today I want to talk to you
about fly catheters sometime during your
nursing career or as a nursing student
you will get the chance to insert a fly
catheter so in this video I just want to
talk about the kit itself what's
included in the kit and how you prep
everything before you actually insert a
fly catheter on a patient in the next
video I'm going to make so be sure to
check that out I'm going to show you how
to actually insert a fully catheter in a
patient and I'll be using a mannequin
and so watch that to actually see the
skill in place so first you'll want to
get your fully catheter kit they come
like this um they're stocked in your
clean hold on your unit be sure whenever
you grab your kit that you get a kit
that contains the Foley bag and the prep
supplies because some kits just have the
prep supplies or just the drainage bag
so be sure you read cuz there's a piece
of paper on the inside of the bag of
what it
contains so you get your kit and you
open it up this one's already open but
what you do is you just peel it back and
this flap will come off I like to use
this plastic bag that comes in as my
trash bag because you'll have things
you'll need to throw away but it's your
preference I've learned over the years
it's a lot easier your kit will come in
here you just slide it out and be very
careful and put your bag
aside and around this kit is your
sterile filled you have two inches to
grab on the edges so you won't
contaminate your sterile field so what
you do is you carefully just peel it
back and you'll be exposing your kit
which everything inside of here is
sterile so be careful and turn your kit
to the side whenever you're actually
inserting this on a patient it's good to
have your patient in the bed and have
your bedside table on the side and put
your tray next to that and get on the
side where you can use your dominant
hand easily so in the next video like I
said you'll be seeing me actually do
that okay in your hip you have a bunch
of different stuff first thing right
here is a drap this is a sterile drap
that you will use to put over your
patient to um protect the sterile field
I'm going to show you what it looks like
like see that little opening that can go
over um the penis area or the vagina
area just to keep the area nice and
sterile and next are your
gloves and um after you put your drape
on you want to get your gloves they have
the tray set up pretty much how
everything is stacked is how you are
going to be using it so you'll get your
gloves um take your gloves and lay them
beside
of you and you're going to be putting on
the sterile gloves there's a special
technique on how to put on sterile
gloves I have a video on how to do that
so if you're not wear pal to pin on
stero gloves please watch that video so
I'm going to put these on
okay now I have my sterile gloves
on um now I can touch everything that's
in this kit normally because my hands I
didn't have my sterile gloves on I
couldn't touch anything in the kit the
only thing I could really touch was the
drape that you would D drape the patient
um so the reason that they put the drape
first and you don't want to use your
sterile gloves putting on the drape on
the patient is because you increase the
chance of you actually contaminating
your hands so it's okay to do the drape
first without your sterile gloves on
because you'll decrease your chances of
contaminating
them here's another drape if you needed
it um you can put that underneath the
patient's bottom whatever you want to do
it's really your preference of if you
want to use that or not some people like
to use a drape some people don't it's
really how you were taught um the next
thing in this kit you have these
tweezers and you have IOD dime which is
beta dime um a lot of patients are
allergic to this again check out
allergies if um to make sure your
patient isn't allergic to this if they
are you'll have to use a different type
of prep um what you will do with this is
that you will tear this off I'm not
going to tear this off right now but you
would normally tear it off and you have
these three cotton balls right
here okay and you have more right here
you actually have a total of six what
you do is tear it off and you drizzle
your beta dine on this and get them
saturated next you have have this is
just a specimen cup a lot of doctors
will order um you to insert the Folly
catheter and then get a urine specimen
so you will use that if you need
that and you also
have your 10cc um sterile water it
inflates your bulb because before you
ever insert a fly catheter you always
always check the bulb to make sure it
works Believe It or Not whenever I was
fixing to insert a fly catheter on a
patient I check my bulb just like I was
supposed to and the bulb would not
inflate at all it was um a bad Foley so
I had to throw it away and I had to get
a new kit and start all over so that's
why you always check your Folly bulb cuz
sometimes they don't work and then this
right here is your lubricant this is
what you will um lubricate the fley
catheter up with because um it will be
dry and to make it more comfortable for
the patient when you insert it into the
urethra um this lubricant will help it
slide a lot
easier okay so below your
kit is the Foley
bag
and the FY catheter
itself right here this is the part that
will actually go into your patient okay
um this this port right here is is where
you insert the 10cc sterile water
syringe to inflate this bulb which I'll
show you here in a second what that'll
look like to check your bulb and then
this port right here is where you would
stick a syringe to suck out um your
specimen for your urine so that's what
those two ports
are and the urine once you insert your
fley there's two little holes right here
and once it is hits the bladder it will
start to fill with urine and it'll start
to turn yellow right here with the urine
draining and you know that you're in and
the tube will collect the urine and
gravity will help the urine flow into
the
bag and um to empty your fly catheter
this is where you would empty it you
unsnap it there and empty it and then
clamp it back so that's how that
works so let me show you how to insert
or fill up your bowl so first what you
would do you would get your beta dime
ready and um get that and you would want
to check your bulb so you would pop this
little cap off just set it on the side
and then you're going to connect to this
just easily connects like that make sure
it's on there
good and you're going to watch your bulb
inflate do you see it inflating
and plates beautifully and then I like
to just wait about 30 seconds look for
any Leakes make sure it's all good and
it looks great now after you wait for
about 30 seconds you deflate it and this
syringe you actually just like go in the
plunger just sucks the water back
in and it deflates like that I like to
keep my um syringe connected to that
because whenever ever I insert the fley
it's just easier to just inject the
sterile water once you hit the bladder
you don't have to connect and fumble and
have to mess with everything so that's
best okay right before another tip right
before I actually insert the fley I keep
this in the plastic thing because
whenever you're messing around with this
kit this thing is going to be flying
everywhere you don't want this to hit
outside or anything like this or
anything CU it'll contaminate it and you
increase your patient risk of getting a
UTI or anything so I like to keep it in
this plastic wrap until I'm actually
fixing to insert because it decreases
the chances of
contamination here's your lubricant um
like I said we'll use this to lubricate
the area before or
lubricate this the catheter before we
insert it I like to just tear that off
and just squirt into my
tray um swish it around in lubricant and
then I'm ready to go so that's
everything that's in your kit one thing
that doesn't come in most fley kits is
the little secure device that you would
put on the patient's thigh to keep the
folley in place so always be sure that
you grab that because that will help
decrease um the Foley moving from
getting pulled out when the patient
moves so always do that so that's how
that's what's in your Foley kit and in
my next video I want to show you how to
actually insert the Foley so be sure to
check that out and if you have any
questions about Foley catheter kits or
your experience share your experience
about it please come to the website
register nurse rn.com and visit the
Forum and um if you like this video
please share it with your friends and
thank you so much for
watching for