hello and welcome back to the colorful
food Channel I'm Anna and today I want
to show you how to make my favorite
balsamic vinegar reduction yes it is
quite simple it's literally one
ingredient just about sumit vinegar of
good quality that you've enjoyed this
will take you approximately 12 to 15
minutes as it has to reduce it takes its
time and you have to closure before you
start make sure you turn on the ceiling
fans open the windows do what you got to
do because the reduction will evaporate
smell will take over your whole house
it's not necessarily unpleasant but I'll
demand a lot of your attention if you
follow me you know I'm obsessed about
stomach reduction I add it to my salads
to my fish to my veggies to my
sandwiches my cheese to my pizza to my
flat right and I can go on and on so
that's the reason why I decided to teach
you guys how I make it let's go or one
cup of balsamic vinegar and a measuring
cup and add it to a saucepan set the
heat to medium and watch the initial
evaporation process begin
you basically wanted to do this
about 12 to 15 minutes in every couple
of minutes you come and watch it to see
what it's doing make sure it's not
burning since we like how it's starting
to cook the back of the pan like that
it's not quite where we want it to be
yet but it's slowly getting there and at
some point at the end of the 15 minutes
approximately you will achieve the
appropriate thickness you see when it
coats your spoon allow it to cool for a
couple of minutes and transfer it to an
airtight container that can be
refrigerated and after a few hours of
refrigeration it's perfect to serve you
can drizzle it it's just a beautiful
velvety consistency now that you realize
how easy it is to make your own balsamic
reduction right at home I hope you enjoy
this recipe as much as I enjoy making it
if you would like the written directions
for this recipe as usual click the link
below it'll take you directly to it on
colorful food EECOM I hope you use it
time and time again
don't forget to give us a like and
subscribe to the channel as well as to
colorful foodie down follow me on
Instagram it's colorful foodie and don't
forget to keep the colorful