yeah not like one the best it's 1536 I
can I can snipe in [ __ ] is a $4,000
one L venture there's a $4,000 [ __ ]
one open what's in it
I don't know you can't see I don't think
I do it Joe it's like that o m9 bayonet
and I bayonet bowie knife oh my god
doing Brennan if you get an extra how
can I have it
and dude I can't do that I can't do that
if I do that I want to cry we can't just
start with that do it do it your own way
you'll you'll cry either way it'll be
joy or just utter the pants yeah
you have 50/50 chance that's pretty good
think of me when you do it
King him into this stop it Oh do it do
it do it I don't know you think I have I
don't think I can my god you're trying
[ __ ] how did I just have to be certain
number of items I don't think so it says
your points are mine this is such a bad
idea
you're not no it's literally everything
[ __ ] a song though man and over is
part of that the stuff that you're
betting though is your actual stuff
isn't it uh not a lot of it Oh 33 total
items raw what that it's $4,300 what if
I lose me if I won't have any skins to
gamble make a great video out of it Oh
someone jumped into it before me Oh
watch it yeah watch it 4100 versus four
thousand ninety I gotta watch this if
the dudes that jumps in really want to
gotta jump that was you he one else all
right here's one here's one four five
hundy I'll do the five hundy we're gonna
do this every time I go to join one I'm
just not quick enough boys always back
he's back did we test the odds do we
okay you know oh my god okay we do it
we're doing this
doing it we're doing it we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it we're gonna do it
we're gonna do it here we go here we go
Oh God Oh God
I need some luck boys I need some luck I
need some sick no I'm white screening
gonna win it we're gonna win it all
right here here we go
we're gonna win this I'm doing it I'm
doing it believe I can't watch I can't
watch
I can't watch I can't watch guys I'm
doing one for 3,000 you got this bro I
accept it Oh God you got this bro
Oh God easy I do this is so hard
I can't whoa come on please oh boy oh
don't say anything
I'm scared I won I won I won yes oh my
god
let's [ __ ] go oh that guy that guy I
just watched that guy lose like seven
grand in skins in a matter of true he
just lost the one before the whole hello
that's that [ __ ] is that my heart is my
heart is racing right now dude whoo
there's a 2101 do it that's true that's
what I was just saying my whole that my
jet says no okay what I will do it
novels yo it's two little ones like
hundreds no ball okay I make sure I said
I have no ball because that would be
boring I'll show how big your balls are
he said I have no [ __ ] balls here we
go we're doing it we're doing it I
believe the luck is with us tonight boys
the luck is with us we're accepting
right now here we go
easy back-to-back wins this one's we're
good we got this here we go believe
believe run oh we want our tee shot last
time Teesside come on I accepted it Oh
God here we go here we go boys come on
come on come on
yes better backwards
oh my god fraud 1 2 2,100 give me an eye
Felicia Moyse we a my roller tonight oh
my god the luck on the luck Oh are we
still in all those skins we're stealing
all those skins boys oh let's go we have
5 Jews boys that's big for me boys
that's big for me it's just scary man
I'm nervous I'm scared I don't do well
with this pressure thank you guys so
much for checking out my video
if you guys enjoyed it be sure to that
thumbs up button and leave me a comment
down below be sure to subscribe for all
future videos and I'll see you guys next
time