okay so I did a video doing this there a
few nights ago when I collected one of
the porcupines but it was way too dark
and the camera didn't pick it up very
well at all so what I'm gonna do now is
I'm going to attempt to do a very quick
video saying how to collect porcupine
quills now these bodies are a few days
old and usually I would not do this on
corpses that are this far gone but this
is just a demonstration on how to
collect them where they are this gone
I'm not going to use these quills but
this is just to show you how to do it
how to remove a quill without getting
yourself stuck and it is a shame that
these quills that these animals are thus
far gone by the time I collected this
individual I'm going to work on and also
that's taking me this long to collect
the quills on him because he has awesome
quills he has really thick quills but
I'm not gonna use them I'm just gonna
show you how to do it now this may be a
little bit graphic because these boys
are decomposed one is he's yeah he was
he was a week dead today
and the other one was collected two
three days afterwards so he's not as far
gone but he is he's definitely you
wouldn't want to collect the quills on
him or at least I wouldn't when I
collect quills to use for art I use as
fresh as possible
which means it was killed that day so
this might be a little graphic they are
bloated some of the bloat has gone they
are rotting down but this is to show you
how to collect quills here is who we're
gonna be working on today male porcupine
he was found along one of the old side
roads it's what it is a used road it's
not along the main drag but it is a side
road
so let's see I'll get in here without
stepping on any quills I guess this is
my best position right here so what we
want to do
is you want to there's people who have
porcupines as pets and zoo keepers who
show them as educational animals and you
can pet a porcupine but you have to know
how to do it and it's that technique
that you use for pulling quills and
harvesting quills so you want to go in
this direction with the animals quills
in their fur pattern and as you can see
there's some first slippage there so I
don't know if the skins gonna come off
or not but this is to show you how to
harvest quills you pet downwards now as
you pet you can grasp and then pull up
and it'll come out now you see there's
some some first slip there but that's
how you harvest you pull down and then
you can put them in your container but
I'm not going to harvest them so they're
pretty much down and up you can see how
big those quills are down and up just
like your pet in them but as when you
stretch down and you get to the end you
bring your fingers together and pull up
so that's how you pull quills