[Music]
YouTuber welcome to another simple
cooking video I'm going to cook oxtail
very simple way without any complicated
ingredients a very simple traditional
way will be shown so let's go through
the cooking process and see how it works
in live-action so in a medium heat pan
I'm just going to add some cooking oil
I'm using vegetable oil and I'll be
using about I was several three modern
three spoons cooking oil in there and
then well wait until it becomes a little
bit hotter so now I'm going to add my
onions in there and tomatoes our chopped
if you if you require the full list of
ingredients you can find them below this
video in the description section while
I'll be adding hence I'm not Ashley's
showing you the full ingredients this
year so what I'm going to do is cook
this onion and I'll probably fry this
even and the tomatoes in the hot oil for
few minutes some fry this chopped onion
and tomatoes for a couple of minutes I'm
not just gonna get any color because
this is that's not my intention
I just want them to be quite softer so I
can add other ingredients in this so now
I'm going to add two ingredients first
of all I'll be adding turmeric powder
about a spoon then I'll be adding some
dried chili powder another spoon
depending how hot see like then I'll be
adding some garlic and ginger paste like
this about a spoon teaspoon
now I'm going to start the mix
thoroughly
okay so what I will do add little water
in there and the reason behind I didn't
want my spices to be bound
okay so now I'm going to add about four
cardamoms then I will also add few other
things
please just give me a couple of minutes
couple of bay leaves and some salt
depends on on you how much salt II want
there is no specific amount but the less
you give the more better for your heart
so in terms of the ingredients that's it
we don't need anything else
now what we'll do I will cook this for
at least four to five minutes but I'll
be adding some water wisely in intervals
probably one or two minutes so after
five minutes I will be back with the mix
to see how it works okay for the next
process up till five minutes stay tuned
so here I'm just back after some time I
took actually more than five minutes I
took about eight minutes to be to reach
this state as you can see here some of
the audience are is still visible but
they will soften as we cook so now it's
time for me to add all the oxtail in
there and then mix it thoroughly
so the next step is going to be cook as
as it is for up for two minutes and then
adding water and I will keep this for at
least 50 to 60 minutes because oxtail
takes long time to cook
just a good bit of tape if you do not
like cooking in a pan the best bit is to
have a pressure cooker and cooking them
there because pressure cooker is quite
good to cook this on up mates so after
one hour I'll be back so we are this is
after one hour of still have been cooked
and looks really delicious and also it
looks quite tender so viewer until next
video bye for now but before I go please
do not forget to subscribe and like our
video leave a comment if you have any
suggestions or any advice please do
share with us bye for now