[Music]
you
hi everyone welcome to the Amarone
kitchen today we'll be making a wild
strawberry rhubarb Sun tea and we'll be
using our wild strawberry craft puree as
well as our wild strawberry rhubarb
craft gray let's get going
go ahead and add the coffee race first
they will naturally blend yesterday we
actually brewed this Sun tea in the Sun
for about six to eight hours we let it
sit out so you guys can do that the day
before the day of totally up to you when
you decided like I said the Crockers
will naturally blend the lemon juice the
two you just want to give a little bit
of stir to mix everything and get that
agave going now that you're all mixed up
and ready to go perfect ring for summer
beautiful color thank you for joining us
I hope this is a Sun tea you can enjoy
it all summer long be sure to click the
link below and stay updated on all of
our promo giveaways and discounts Cheers
[Music]