in this video we're going to show you
how to perform a color change to leather
using our large leather die repair kit
okay so here we have of course a
beautiful ottoman you can see this it's
uh it's in a uh dark blue b color so
I'll show you right here this is the kit
this is the large kit comes with a large
8 oz cleaner we throw that in for free
you get the leather cleaning and dusting
cloth we throw that in for free all the
uh the sponge applicators rubber gloves
sandpaper and everything we put all that
in the kit at no charge so this way we
know you're cleaning with the proper
cleaner our leather cleaner doesn't have
any oils or waxes into it and it does a
really good job with cleaning leather
prior to applying a dye product now this
ottoman used to look like this this
chair is sort of a naked finished chair
it's faded out it's extremely soiled and
the customer actually wanted it in this
color range which is
a um dark blue be and dark blue bee is
very common with Eck horns or Stressless
chairs it's that royal blue and you can
see here the stud work looks really
really nice the wood and of course it's
like brand spanking new it's going to
stand up to UV rays um you know if you
were to spill something on it you could
wipe it clean with your leather cleaning
and dusting cloth let it dry
and this we're just going to basically
make a small video showing you how to do
that with this chair over here because
this chair actually was extremely soiled
it had blood stains on it so the
customer didn't want it to the original
color she always wished to have it this
color which is like I said the eorn
Stressless line out of uh Europe This is
sort of like a royal blue color and it's
our dark blue beat so we're going to
show you how to do this it's BAS
basically just like all the other videos
that we have you're you're basically
going to clean it with our cleaner
you're going to let it dry then what
you're going to do is you're going to
get yourself let's say like a t-shirt
wiper a cotton cloth it doesn't have
very much lint and you're going to get
some rubbing alcohol or isopropyl
alcohol about 99% or 70% solution and
you're going to apply it to the
cloth and you're just basically going to
massage all the oils or waxes that have
been applied over the years because our
cleaner will do a really good job
cleaning this leather but it's not
aggressive enough to actually strip or
remove waxes or Oils it's only going to
clean your furniture up into the point
where it's not going to damage the
finish so we've already cleaned this
with our cleaner we've let it totally
dry then we've applied of course the
rubbing alcohol and you just sort of
want to wipe everything down okay and
let that dry there's still going to be
ingrained stains and everything that's
okay it's going to cover it it's going
to look like a brand new piece of
furniture the only other thing is see
these little pleats here and everything
basically the same thing you want to
apply one thin coat that thin coat is
going to penetrate down into the leather
and it's going to dry and it's going to
cure and it's going to strengthen and
then all other coats second third fourth
are all going to lay upon that
foundational coat that you put on at the
GetGo um this large kit which is the 8
oz bottle of leather dye and of course
you get a a 4 oz sealer we'll do this
chair in this love seat now the other
thing is too is depending on what you're
doing like you know you're going from a
really light color to a darker color uh
you have a lot of fade or if the leather
is very soft sometimes it draws in more
dye and everything it's a good idea just
to put on that first foundational coat
so it sinks down in it dries it cures
and then applies second and a third and
a fourth coat if necessary but you know
all Leathers are all different they all
absorb differently but general rule of
thumb uh to do a couch or a large chair
and a love seat and a color change a
large bottle will do it and if this
chair was was darker in color let's say
it was a brown chair to Blue you'd
probably use less Dy but we always
recommend a large for color changes so
this way you don't run out so what we're
going to do now is we're going to start
to apply dye onto this chair and we're
going to just show you quickly first
coat second coat third coat and then
we'll we'll show you a picture of the
final product but this was the before
chair and this was the after and this is
something that you can do in your own
home with our products okay all you need
to do of course see down here at the
chair we taped all the the wood uh you
know with some nice good quality blue
painters tape we did the same thing with
this we removed all the stud work around
here you just pop it out with a scre
screwdriver and just Wiggle It Loose
make sure you don't uh damage them put
them in a jar and then when you're all
finished you just pop them back in and
hit them in with a with a hammer but uh
we'll uh we'll stop now we'll show you
the first coat second coat third coat
we'll probably do a little bit of a
quicker video and then we'll show you
the final before and after picture we'll
be back he so we're back just quickly I
just thought I'd walk you through the
first step just in case there's any
questions see in these pleat areas here
with a color change the only thing uh
you want to make sure of is you have to
get every millimeter of the chair else
you're going to see the original color
so with a color change it's a little bit
more crucial to get in all the sort of
little nooks and crannies or you know if
it was the same color you really don't
really have to do that you can you don't
really have to get right in there
because the color you're applying of
course is the same color as a chair but
when you're doing color changes this is
the way you want to do it of course
shake the bottle of dye there's a glass
bead inside shake it for up to a minute
or so make sure you get the most
accurate color okay open up your cap
apply uh you know a good amount to the
sponge it's like this and then this is
pretty much your first coat you're just
going to apply it on here and it's going
to soak down into the leather it's
soaking into the leather now this is
what you want this is your first
penetrative
coat okay now all in inside the seams
here see the seams you actually want to
flood those seams so in other words go
like this and you can flood them you
just don't want anything running or
dripping or anything like that but if
you flood them like that and let it dry
it will dry absolutely perfect okay so
now we're going
to apply more
dye and you want to get that really good
penetrative
coat
and get inside all the little
pleats see right here I'm just really
getting inside those
pleat you know and when you're you know
doing stuff like this don't do things
halfhazard here and there and all this
stuff start from here and work this way
and then work this way and then work
this way and then work this way and then
work this way you know so always work at
the the you know the farthest end first
and then work back towards you it's
easier instead of working here and now
you're over top of your work and getting
it on your clothes and all the rest
stuff it's always a good idea to put
some sort of newspapers down wear some
old clothes if you do get it on your
clothes rinse it out with water right
away to try to get it out of there
before it
cures so here again we're just putting
on a nice penetrative coat it's soaking
in there it's soaking into the leather
and that's what you
want and same thing with the seams
here's a seam get it right in there get
it right in flood the seam flood the
seam with the
dyes
okay and then just gently wipe it off
now we're applying a little bit of
pressure to push the dyes into leather
but the second and the third and the
fourth coat very very gentle hand
applying the DI because you want to
build the dyes on top of one another
there's no there's no need to do this
the other thing that you can do if you
want some people find it easier to do
this just apply the dyes and then you
can do a little bit of finger painting
if you
want I mean this does a nice job too
you're you're actually pushing the dyes
in the first penetrative coat with the
weight of your hand and the glove and it
actually does a nice job however you
don't have as much control as you do
with the sponge with the sponge you have
a lot of control nothing's dripping
everything's under control you can apply
the
dyes and everything is good when you
start to you know apply the dyes like
this then there's room for error so if
you're out in a garage or something like
that you can apply it straight to uh the
leather and wipe it in so we're going to
do this pretty much with the whole chair
here we're going to put one coat on
we're going to dry it and then we're
going to be back to show you what it
looks
like okay so we're back as you can see
this is where we want to go to this nice
rich uh dark blue be color and this one
of course looks a little bit patchy it
looks a little bit blotchy that's fine
this was the first penetrative coat so
we've applied a nice good coating on
here we've gotten right into all the
creases and everything and uh yep it's
pretty much dry so what we're going to
do is we're going to put a second coat
on here and we'll be
back okay so we're back we've applied
two coats on here and what we've done
now is we've let this dry and now we've
taken our sandpaper that comes in our
kit um you'll find this in your kit
these this is the ultra fine sandpaper
and if you have any sort of rough areas
or anything like that on your chair
we're going to get in here a little
bit closer just to show
you okay see right here this was a
really worn area so we apply the dyes in
here they've soaked down into the
leather we've put a couple coats on it
which is two and now we've use this
sandpaper all you have to do is just get
your
sandpaper and you're just basically
feeling with your hand if there's a
rough area there because let's say there
was a little bit of wear now you're
going to feel it so all you do is just
sand it down just lightly like
this so it's smooth to the touch that's
all you're looking for for so right here
we've sanded these areas down and now
we're going to apply more dye so we're
probably going to put on one more coat
and we should be okay we'll be back in a
minute okay and one more tip that's very
handy with color changes is you have to
get right inside here when you're of
course changing the color and of course
all the areas see right down there this
is an area where we missed okay we're
going to have to get that later you need
to get in there so what are you going to
do you're going to go like this and then
it's going to stick and all the rest
stuff so basically we use in here these
little wooden dowels okay and we break
them and you can put them in here I'll
show you just
quickly you break the wooden dowel you
can find it at a hardware store or maybe
Walmart or something like that or uh or
any anywhere where they sell different
things you can put them on here like
this and then of course you can get in
there to apply the dyes or uh if you
have access to some Chopsticks the these
these work as well they do a very nice
job all you have to do is sort of gauge
how big you need it and you just sort of
break it in half and you can just put it
in there just like this just enough just
to hold it and you can get in there and
dye everything up with with the uh with
the sponge let that dry overnight and
then of course just move these dowels or
move these Chopsticks over a little bit
like that to get in there so this way
you can put a couple coats in here dry
it apply your sealer and then take all
of these little supports
out just like this and then it does a
perfect job in here so what we're going
to do now is we're going to put on the
third coat I think everything's going to
look really good we'll be back and then
we'll we'll get ready to seal it but in
the meantime if there was any worn areas
and you've sanded them down just like I
said before or if you know you have any
you find a cut or a deep scratch you can
put the filler in at this time let it
dry overnight and then put your third
coat on we'll be back in a
minute okay so we're back uh as you can
see the chair is looking really nice
it's got three coats of dye on it if
there were some areas of course where
you put the filler cuz a lot of times
when you put the dye on you can see a
little bit more of the texture you can
see if there's a cat scratch or anything
like that and again you can put our
filler over top of our finishes as long
as the finishes are dried and cured so
what we've done is this is three Co Co
of dye it looks really really nice what
we need to do now is we need to put a
top coat on it the way we would do that
it's in your kit this is the
professional leather sealer right here
put the sprayer in it basically spray it
evenly onto the
sponge and
then just wipe it
in just like that just with the weight
of just just with the weight of your
finger you go like that now the other
thing is is if you want to have a really
let's say high shine you would spray a
lot of product onto the sponge and just
sort of wipe it on like this so it's
like glistening wet and let it dry but
if you want it to be more matte while
you're wiping it on continue to sort of
wipe it while it's curing and then this
way it'll matte down the Finish but
straight out of the bottle just the way
we did it right now this is called a SA
Sheen and this is the majority of
leather furniture and usually the way
people like it this is a satin finish so
what we're going to do is we're going to
end up wiping the whole chair down with
the sealer and then we'll be back to
install the stud work and we'll show you
how to do that we'll be back in a
minute okay so we're back we've applied
our sealer all over the chair we've let
it dry and what we're doing now is we're
putting the stud work back into the
chair and the way you would remove this
stud work of course is with a
screwdriver and you want to get
underneath it and just sort of gently
pry it up and then pull it out of there
or if you have a tool similar to this
you can get right underneath there and
just pop it up and then sort of pull it
out so to put these studs back
in you would just get yourself one of
these hammers always do a nice job and
just right back into the hole where it
came
from and just like that keep going so
what we're going to do is we're going to
put all the stud work back in we're
going to remove the masking tape and
we'll show you the chair we'll be back
in a
minute okay so we're back and as you can
see all the beautiful stud work is in
you can see the wood all nicely cleaned
off and it matches this utum in
perfectly I mean this chair is pretty
much Fit For A King now it's in royal
blue which is a dark blue bee color um
the chair you saw what it looked like
before it looks absolutely beautiful
and it feels and it lookss like brand
new leather it's not going to come off
on your hands or anything like that the
way you would take care of this okay is
our leather cleaning and protection kit
very important you can use this for your
automobile Interiors boat Interiors
everything this is our 22 o leather
cleaner okay it'll last you for years
you want to spray the cleaner onto the
leather cleaning and dusting cloth okay
wipe it down get it good and clean let
it dry now you're going to spray our
clear protector on a sponge wipe down
the surface of the leather let it dry
it's going to be fully protected it's
going to feel like new it's not going to
be sticky it's going to repel staining
it's going to be easier clean up and it
just makes your leather last that much
longer this is our cleaning and
protection kit and again here are the
contents of the kit very good value a
lot of times people just need need to
actually clean their leather really well
and it almost looks beautiful then uh
you know then if you have issues you can
apply a diee product but this is how you
take care of your leather after you've
done something like this which was a
complete color change you can do it with
our products just a little bit extra
work but I mean everything that in life
that's worth something you know takes
time and effort anyway so this is about
as easy as you're going to get to do a
full Professional Restoration we should
showed you pretty much on the video how
to do it and you can find this in many
more products at leather touchup die.com
there you have it a professional leather
color change that lasts for years if you
have enjoyed this video please subscribe
now or if you want to order our products
go directly to our website fix your
leather.com and please check out our
easy order wizard
it makes ordering super easy and builds
your order for
you