hey it's Adam again in this video I'm
going to show you how to install this
quick release toilet seat it makes it
really easy to clean behind the seat and
it also as you can see comes off and on
in seconds installing this is really not
much different than installing any other
toilet seat but when you go to the store
to buy one you need to know if you have
a round or elongated seat and you can do
that by measuring from the bolt holes to
the front edge of the seat so if it's 16
1/2 in it's round if it's 18 18 1/2 it's
elongated and as you can see at lows
they have a wall of toilet seats the red
ones with the E are the elongated ones
the RS that are blue are the round ones
so you can immediately avoid looking at
one half of the selection and just in
case you want to know here's the
information on the seat that I'm going
to install now you can hit pause if you
want it's a common problem to buy the
wrong size so they even include a
measuring tape on the side of the box
that you can hold up to your toilet seat
before you open it that way it just
makes it easier on them that they don't
have a lot of returns that are open so
here's the seat that we're going to
replace and this is the first time I've
seen this happen some seats have the
screws hidden and you just pop open
these two plastic covers here and you
can unscrew it underneath there's going
to be a nut and you don't need to save
the hardware you can get rid of it you
can see on seats like this that you
can't remove easily it's nasty
underneath and it's hard to clean
and this new seat will just make it a
little bit easier to clean
here in the Box you can see it comes
with new bolts and nuts basically
everything you
need when you remove the covers you're
going to see these little black tabs and
there's a little plus mark on them and
you can spin them around but we'll get
into that later but make sure at first
they're facing the same way that the
Plus side's on the same side for both
sides so you start by putting the seat
in position like this and then just slip
in these two metal bolts then you're
going to go check the front of the seat
and it shouldn't be proud of the bowl it
shouldn't stick out like that so you're
going to go back to these black tabs and
turn them around so that the plus is on
the other side and turning these little
black pieces around will help move the
seat forward or backward if
needed then you just snug the bolts
tight
click it in and that's it with this
model it really is this easy to take
your toilet seat off and put it back on
it's super quick now when I first saw
this my initial reaction was that seat's
not going to be very strong and secure
but it really is those clips on top lock
the whole thing in place really tight
it's not a wobbly loose seat so
hopefully you found this video helpful
if so you might want to check out my
other videos on this channel I do a lot
of home repairs sometimes product
reviews things like that and until next
time good luck on your repair