[Music]
hello I will show you how I vacuum clean
the pool table so first and I use this
head here I use two different heads of
the vacuum team and this one the normal
one for carpets
and this one is a small one I can I can
vacuum cleaner under under the Christian
here like this on top of the cushion and
beside the cushion and inside also
inside the the pocket with this head for
the vacuum cleaner so I wish I will turn
it on as I will show you how it looks
like
I like
 it yeah okay
and then I do the same thing around the
entire table okay and then I switch to
another head I'll put it on and then I
vacuum clean the entire cloth okay so
yeah I guess I will show you how I do it
okay maybe you do it differently but
this is the easiest way for me okay
I tweet the
I know as the lowest setting on the
vacuum cleaner so in fact full of
exhaust that much okay because if you
use the maximum setting it will start
suck up the cloth and the glue can come
loose okay I don't know what they use
under maybe I think some honey or
something now bee wax bee wax I don't
know what they use but it is not good to
pull up the cloth okay not good if you
wear out the cloth faster so I use the
minimum setting on my vacuum cleaner
okay
back and forth
like you
I do it slowly also all the dust from
the cloth but I don't want to wear
outfit lost when his load is between
order is very reactive and if it wears
out
the fundamental death otherwise the
entire floor
if you move is to move like this and
then switch like this okay then you get
a mark here that has not been cleaned
and you can see that so many many in the
pool hall they do like this like this
but it doesn't work like that okay
because it steers the hole the hole is
in the center part of the vacuum cleaner
head so only this part is cleaning the
cloth okay and only very little in the
edges here so that is why you need to
own little today to the side and then
like this on it very little and then
back that the entire plot is cleaned if
you move a lot like this then then this
part has not been cleaned
yes so that is that is how I clean my
pool table do it very slowly very slowly
avoiding damage today to the cloth and
here this this part is not cleaned so
that is where I use the other head will
act in this part beside the rail okay so
I used two vacuum cleaner heads for for
this for my cloth and then I use the wet
paper towel here at the inside of the
cushions to remove the rest of the dust
okay so that is the end of my video I
hope you learned something maybe you
don't vacuum clean as hard as before to
save your cloth okay so until next time
goodbye