this week on the produce nerd we're
going to take you behind the scenes of a
dried fig packing operation at the start
of the packing line there are workers up
with the dried figs in order to increase
the moisture content and to help them be
more malleable during the packing
process the workers fill up bowls with
dried figs and place them on the
conveyor lines above with packing tables
in order to transport them to the
workers who are packing the final
containers
the Packers are responsible for moulding
the dried sticks to fit into the
circular container once each container
has been filled it is placed on a
conveyor belt in the middle of the
packing tables and is sent to a quality
assurance worker
the Quality Assurance worker weighs each
container to make sure they meet
customer specifications and then the dry
figs containers continue on to be
packaged
[Applause]
each container is wrapped in plastic
those throw machine where a bullet
spokes in the packaging while the
plastic is shrink-wrap to mold the
container and the package is then
labelled and boxed
once the boxes are packed they're taken
to a cooler where they're held until
further shipment
thank you for watching please subscribe
to the produce nerd comm where a new
blog will be posted every Tuesday