I made a lot of iced green tea latte in
the summer but since this winter I
decided to switch it into a hot version
so this matcha latte is really easy and
requires only a few ingredients
including milk water matcha powder and
okay first step you're just going to
sift the matcha powder into a cup where
you will a drink your latte this is fast
motion because my sieve was really it
had really small holes so it wouldn't go
through and then you're gonna pour in
the tablespoon of hot water and give it
a stir with a chopstick or any stick or
whisk so that it is homogenous and
slightly foamy pour the milk into a
small saucepan then add the honey you
might want to start out with a little
more than a teaspoon of honey because
it's really sticky and does not get off
the bowl then transfer the saucepan onto
the stove and heat it at medium whisking
very rapidly and constantly or
continuously until it is very foamy like
this
pour the milk into the matcha mixture
[Music]
make sure you get all the foam on top
[Music]
then give it a stir
slipped a little more about to powder
over the top
this green tea latte has a really strong
beating flavor because that's how I
liked it but if you want a milder flavor
then you can use one teaspoon of powder
instead of one and a half
[Music]