hello sue the nation dr. PlayStation
nation here tacky is over a little bit
of a pre-release style minecraft 1.5 of
date type video guess this is going to
be one video in a series of videos where
I talk about all the new stuff in the
Minecraft 1.58 things like the hopper
which will this is what this video is
about the redstone block dispenser or
dropper the daylight sensor the
comparator the light and heavy pressure
plate and quartz guys these are the main
new things that have been added in
Minecraft 1.5 update along with other
things that I will be talking about I
conveniently put the playlist for these
videos on screen so you guys can click
the annotation to see any of my other
redstone type videos guys as well as the
Minecraft Show for that so say you guys
just want to be updated when I make
redstone stuff or minecraft 1.5 stuff
you guys can subscribe to that show in
specific but anyway this video is going
to be or this series is going to be kind
of a shorter series so remember to keep
back and keep checking for new videos
also guys remember to check out my
minecraft server it will be on screen
right now or in the description down
below you guys can check that out but
with all that stuff said let's kind of
get right into the hopper guys so pretty
much the hopper is this thing right here
it's pretty cool piece of redstone II
type stuff pretty new cool item or
pretty cool new item in Minecraft and
this is how you're gonna craft it you
guys will just need a 5 iron and it
chests
arranged it like that in a crafting
table and you will get a dropper or
hopper like this and this doesn't
actually have to do with anything there
but what I can actually do with this is
if I show you guys right here so I throw
a hopper right there I grab a chest and
put the chest right there what I can
actually do is I can actually throw this
stone in here and as you guys can see
the stones getting pulled through it's
going into this hopper and then again
going into this chest down here now the
cool thing about that is that it gives
me the ability to move things from one
chest to another or in the case over
here from a minecart inside of a chest
into something else so this could be a
dispenser it could be a brewer it could
be anything like that so cool things
like automatic brewing stations or
automatic chests sorting or anything
like that is possible
so keep remember to keep checking out
these videos because I will be doing
automatic brewing as well as automatic
chests sorting and yeah so pretty much
in this case if I as you guys can see
there's a bunch of stone in here what I
can actually do is I can turn this on
and this is actually a 5 second timer so
in about two seconds it's going to say
hi in the chat and basically how did
this was just using command blocks and
you know using comparators to count how
many things are in the dispenser which
pretty basic I guess this guy over here
and just turn this off this could
actually be used to make you know a
10-minute timer and do it with you know
very little redstone required I think
this is actually a pretty cool thing
that you can do with hoppers but what
I'm actually going to show you guys over
here is a new thing that you guys can
actually use in your single-player world
and this is actually pretty cool so say
for instance you know you have you're on
a server and you have a faction and you
want to send stuff between you and your
friend what you can actually do with
this is that order this could be used
for you know so you have a mine or
something like that that you want to not
have to go all the way back up to the
front every time you want to display
some tracks and send a cart back and
forth or something like that this is
what this could be used for pretty much
if I open this up I throw you know
whatever I want in it stays of this I
want chest I want some sandstone push it
on its way what's going to do is it's
going to stop over there on that
redstone or powered rail and then it's
going to unload all of this stuff so
it's about you know 75% of the way
through or whatever and it's going to
stay there until it unloads everything
and then when it's done it's going to
leave it's going to come back over here
and as you guys can see we have an empty
minecart and if we go over here to see
this chest you guys can see that we have
all the stuff that we sent over there so
that's kind of one of the uses for this
if you imagine this being the same at
either side which you can actually do is
you can actually send stuff
automatically back and forth like you
can have a chest sitting right up here
or have like a hopper sitting right here
and then you can have I just grab chests
over here and then you could have a
chest up here so pretty much like you
could just load stuff into this chest
have the other there load stuff into
there and what it'll automatically do is
it'll automatically grab and bring the
stuff over to the other sides which is
kind of a cool concept I guess and
automatically do that and be doing that
24/7 so that's just something for you
guys to think about this redstone and I
will make a separate video talking about
this redstone and
this kind of contraption over here for
automatic item sorting remember check
that the playlist for that if the video
is already up but yeah so this is pretty
much what the hopper does the hoppers a
pretty cool piece of redstone technology
I guess you can say and yeah so another
thing to note guys is there is priority
when you're talking about a hopper and
priority you basically set that by
whatever surface you click on so say
this block out with this say this was a
chest I would click on that and as you
guys can see that spout is pointing
towards that block I were to click on
the floor the spout at the bottom points
towards the ground which means that gets
priority there's some cool stuff like
that as well guys another thing that it
isn't actually interesting that is if I
put a hopper on there I can actually
throw stuff right in here so it kind of
like basketball I guess you can say so I
could just kind of you know keep on
throwing stuff in here and it'll go
automatically in there so that's
something neat I guess you guys can do
you can use water and you know collect
them all up with an automatic farm or
something of that nature but so anyway
guys hopefully you enjoy this video if
you guys didn't remove a like rating
down below subscribe to join the nation
if you already haven't
and maybe you can check out the
subscribers server that I have set up
play dot squad craft net you guys can
actually use my code and get five
percent off any of the patches there so
that would be dr. PSN but anyways
hopefully you did enjoy this video I'm
the doctor and I'm a piece and I am back
guys so hopefully you guys did enjoy
again I'm going stress to remember to
leave a rating down below if you guys
did like it as well as comment down
below telling me you know if you liked
this video if you want to see more stuff
like this anyway um you guys can also
click anything on screen right now you
guys can click to see any of the videos
I've linked some of them may not be up
right now but you guys can you know up
to subscribe to see them when they do
come out you guys can see videos and
stuff like the redstone block light
heavy pressure plates the havi
comparator nether quartz dispensers and
droppers as well as the daylight sensor
guys all those things are pretty cool
and I definitely suggest you check them
out anyway again hopefully you did enjoy
and the doctor and I'm at peace