[Music]
hello Namaste salum srial welcome back
to another session with your wasf
ata.com today I want to show you a very
nice exclusive dish that is made with
lamb chops this lamb is from the rack of
a lamp which are called a lamb rack
frenched frenched is basically the kind
of cut so what I'm going to do I'm I'm
going to use this and make a very nice
Lamb Chop you can see how beautiful this
lamb looks already it's got the nice
meat and the bone is nicely trimmed and
cleaned so that you can hold and eat so
we're going to marinate this Lamb with a
special marinate to make this marination
add around
uh 2 teaspoon of ginger garlic paste
half a teaspoon of um chili powder a
little bit of uh Pepper powder around
2 tbsp of
yogurt
salt around 1 tbsp of vinegar usually I
prefer to use Brown vinegar but since I
don't have brown vinegar I'm using
little white vinegar Pinch of
Sugar and around 1 tbsp of coriander
powder and very little of lime
juice some finely chopped corander
and use little bit very little of flour
that is maida very little just a pinch
of it let's mix all these
ingredients I can add little more of
vinegar I'm going to pour all this
marination on top of this uh lamb
chops and marinate each piece pretty
good if you have lamb chops that is
little bit tough you can use little bit
of a meat tenderizer but usually you
know if you marinate the meat that is
good enough because these lamb chops are
pretty thin you know they are not really
thick this marination itself is so tasty
that I can lick off this marination but
we're going to let this marinate for
around 20 minutes after that we're going
to cook it on a pan to cook these lamb
chops in a flat top griddle you want a
nice non-stick pan okay and then you
also want a nice lid that can sit
comfortably on top of this so you're
going to cook this initially at a little
higher flame and then going to reduce
the flame and cook it slowly for 20 to
25 minutes so the pan is hot I'm going
to use little bit of uh oil you can use
any oil just spread the oil a little bit
take this l L chops and put one piece by
one
okay see it is hot but not really hot
that it will burn but this is pretty hot
enough okay if you have seen I've have
spread this lamp very evenly and after
this whatever the little bit of the
sauce I'm going to put on
top okay we're going to let this cook
like this for 5 minutes then we're going
to change the sides and then you're
going to put the lid on now I've cooked
in one side I'm going to change the
sides okay see look at this meat it's
got a little bit of
coloring okay I'm going to change the
sides wow look at
this the beauty about this is there is
still nice sauce and then you get nice
color on the meat also see this is
Possible only if you're using a
non-stick pan so for all these kind of
delicate cookings try to use a non-stick
pan so that you don't have to scrape
your pan really crazy now all this um
gravy that is that marination is getting
less and less and that will give you
meat very nice concentrated flavors so
we're going to cover this and let it
cook for another 10 minutes on a medium
flame after cooking for like around 20
minutes turn both sides and now you can
see how wonderful these lamb chops have
come out and uh now let's see if the
lamb is cooked see because I cooked in a
slow flame see if I just hold the lamp
see how easily the meat is coming off
the bone see it's nicely very nicely
cooked and
um that small amount of sugar yogurt
vinegar gives this lamb chops a very
unique flavor especially that vinegar it
gives kind of a nice Tangy touch to this
uh lamb chops trust me this is one of my
favorite dishes and wow
ah and yeah
ah you can eat the tender meat of this
bone and if you cooking this lamb chops
I beg you man go cook this Curry Leaf
rice also eat with both of them together
when you eat them together you will be
so happy that you will go and say thank
you to wasf through.com I hope you have
enjoyed to learn this session with your
WF ata.com do not forget wara is all
about inspiring others to cook so please
post your recipes and cooking tips so
others can benefit from your great
cooking thank you
[Music]