[Music]
have you ever worried about your cats
when you're at work are on vacation
are they eating regularly are they
drinking enough cats are not just our
pets but also beloved family members so
naturally their health management is
critical to us that's why we built
Bistro the ultimate health monitoring
solution for your beloved pets Bistro is
a smart feeder that keeps an eye on your
furry friends when they're home alone
since cats cannot speak for themselves
Bistro does it for them
if any change in her appetite occurs
Bistro will notify you immediately by
using cutting-edge cat facial
recognition technology The Bistro always
knows exactly which cat is feeding with
the powerful Bistro app you can easily
check your Kitty's diet history
and watch her live while she's having
her lunch all from the palm of your hand
you can also share your cats most
adorable moments with friends subscribe
to their posts and meet cat lovers from
around the world through bistros online
community
what's more Bistro suggests healthier
food options to help keep your cats in
shape based on our powerful analytic
platform
[Music]
this is fabbi she's happy active and
cute and a little crazy she likes to
play like all cats always looking for
something fun to do but when I'm not
around to all the toys seem to lose
their magic but hey we've good news for
you kitty meet the Rollie a friendly
helpful in smart toy robot a perfect
friend really will entertain and play
with your cat even when you're not
around and just leave it on the floor
and it will do the rest
cats are natural-born hunters they love
to watch Jason hook everything that's
moving Willy will learn what your cat
likes to do the most the ball shape in
different moving patterns will make
every hunting experience unique Roley is
packed with cool technology smart
sensors that react to movements and its
surroundings bullet comes with a mobile
app just to pick up your smartphone and
have a look at what your cat has been up
to it tracks your cat's playtime and
converts it into happiness points so you
always know when your kitty needs a
little extra attention if your kitty
needs extra playtime use your smartphone
to take control of the Rolly
different play modes make every
experience unique take snapshots and
videos of your cat rolling around and
completing different challenges share
these funny moments with your family and
friends
[Music]
this is our product the igloo cat litter
box
our design team is based in France and
the design is inspired by the Inuit
igloo homes of the Arctic a minimalist
design and beautiful lines upgrades the
igloo cat litter box from tool to
furniture and brings to mind quietness
and peace amidst white snow superior
quality materials allow the igloo to be
lighter sturdier and more beautiful than
other litter boxes for cats we offer an
absolutely safe environment ion pure an
antibacterial technology from Japan's
ishizuka Glass Company acts as a safety
guard for babies and children an open
entrance and spacious layout ensures
airflow for cats of all shapes and sizes
a special corridor designed for cat
owners prevents litter from escaping the
box
a spherical design allows for more space
and low interior light level offering
the catheter privacy with a simple press
and gentle lift of the cover a seamless
igloo Basin is revealed the included
organ Amish of all has a comfortable
grip and ensures easy cleanup as a new
company specializing in products
designed for cats we hope you can help
us bring our first product to all cat
lovers like us
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome to the revolution in the way we
feed our cats inspired by nature based
in science loved by cats the noble
feeding systems I'm veterinarian dr. Liz
bales did you know that how your cats
eat is just as important as what your
cats eat that's why I invented an
enlightened and natural way to feed your
cats that keeps them both happy and
healthy I call it the no bowl feeding
system with the no bowl feeding system
you get five no bowls a trainer and a
portion filler once trained use the dry
food you're feeding now portioned into
each of the five no bowls and hide them
your hungry cat will find each one eat
the entire portion then rest until
hunger stimulates your cat to go hunting
again and don't forget to pick up that
old bowl because you won't be needing it
anymore
is your cat lazy obese waking you up at
night scarfing and barfing destroying
your furniture of killing wildlife
these problems can start because you
feed them from a bowl when you lose the
bowl and let your cats hunt you decrease
anxiety improve portion control
eliminate scarf and barf increase
exercise and your cat returns to a
healthy weight
[Music]
[Music]