alright within the box Kaman cares every
year this box the annealer Austria vPro
five blade mandolin slicer
let's see it has a slicer a wiggly
slicer fine shredded course shredded and
greater that's going to be so much
easier it also comes with the blade box
and a juicer let's see this is where we
keep the blade in within the box that
holds the blades or all the blades
here's the grater this looks like it's
the wavy slicer this is another grater
maybe a little bit bigger actually is
this this is a coarse shredder excuse me
this is the grater this is the case
really all fit pretty really inside of
here if I can get them back in like
slots to fit perfectly in there and
there's four so this is the container
that comes in great for storage I like
that
main part of this is this one we're
going to take the plastic protective
seal off this is the slicer right here
which this comes off and you can change
that with the other ones that I was
showing you so we're going to do is
we're going to test it with an apple and
try to slice the Apple and see how well
that works so this here is to get
whatever you're using to slice down see
it off use your fingers it's great for
safety I also noticed on here it has two
different settings on the other side two
knobs to turn one give these really
sharp spikes that come up which I'm
guessing help shred different things
they're very sharp so be very careful
let's see it will close the up this pen
okay that's locked and then this one
over here make it go down so then you
could slice it right here so what we're
going to do is we're trying Apple this
Apple and then try to put it onto here
so I guess okay I don't know how to do
this
okay I didn't need the top on there
which is this I just have this and I'm
going to slice it I'm going to try to
slice it Wow this works pretty nice
let's see the pieces that came out super
thin slices I really like that all right
so that's the slicer there's the bottom
of it I like the safety feature that it
has for this right here I also like the
grip that you have on your slice it's
not too difficult the blade seems really
sharp and it's even that easy storage
here so all in all I really like it it's
got the instructions here with all the
different ones so it shows what this is
this is the pusher that's the food
holder which is what we were using this
will help push the Apple out once I'm
done with it
and all the different things it has
there's instructions shows you how to
use it how to wash it all now I want to
say this is this is a really really
great product and I'm happy with it I
give this 5 stars