welcome back once again to how to cook
great food calm if you have not already
please click that button and subscribe
to our channel on the menu today and as
you can see right here we're making a
black eyed pea and vegetable curry now
I'm making a huge amount today I mean
this is really really big this is about
four to five times the amount I usually
make the office is really busy today
we've got all the boys over for lunch a
bit of a meeting so this is what we're
going to have for lunch I'm using black
eyed peas you can use any pg1 vegetables
galore add anything you want absolutely
anything you like I just show you this
little recipe now you want to kind of be
going for at least a quarter of what I'm
doing today
I'll explain as I go along as well
anyway enough chatting let's going to do
it okay let's get started I'm obviously
making quite a large amount today so
I've got a huge pan here and I've got
some oil in there I'm using the
sunflower or go ahead and here's what
you want
let's get that nice and hot then we're
going to drop in some whole garam masala
to get it started so there you go I've
got some red dried chilli here I've got
some green cardamom some cumin seeds
some black mustard seeds got a few
fennel seeds now of course you can mix a
blend that exactly how you want
now I'm making quite a large amount as
I've said earlier so if you're going to
make this you obviously need to reduce
the amount building pot obvious as we're
going along as always and it was as I
tell you boy you're nice and hot unless
they slip them cooking there two seconds
they're going to pop my crackle as I'm
sure you've just heard what's happening
they're infusing that oil so it's really
important part this just to let them do
their thing just for a few moments now
of course you can add lots of other
different types of garam masala you get
up some cinnamon some star anis list
goes on and on and on bailiff and the
combos up to you right now let's get in
it's quite noisy usually I've got some
fresh curry leaves this can be quite
noisy absolutely wonderful if you can
get them fresh incredible try to get
them dried or even frozen apparently you
can get them that's going now with some
garlic and ginger paste this is a 50-50
mix of garlic and ginger puree together
and then onions
so on a kind of lightly heat that you
may hear a pop a little bit of salt in
now we'll check that again later yeah
one kind of lively speech we pull that
we don't think that in there I'm going
to cook this it's got about three to
four minutes
this is coming together beautifully now
just to let you know I'm using the black
back piece today which are already
cooked I mean avoid I'm using a canned
ones which I've just washed nicely if
you're going to use the dried ones soak
them obviously cook them really well and
my potatoes I've already parboiled I
just show you something right here
they're kind of fairly soft dish because
I like them to break down a little bit
in there to give us a bit of sauce we're
now going to add our hardest next
vegetable in my case is carrots and if
my potatoes were raw I would be putting
them in now as well
now I'm going to add some powders as
always I use the big for what I call the
big four chili powder turmeric cumin
powder coriander powder about equal
parts of each and if you're making this
just for a couple of people or you know
two to four people
you just want about a teaspoon of each I
am of course making a big one here today
so I've got much more than that
here I've got some this is a methi dried
methi leaf or fenugreek leaf well what
you do with that is not that in your
hands to kind of create a little bit of
a powder break it down a little bit and
then that goes very very distinctive
flavor methi has or thinner greatly has
so again one that's kind of playa sheet
let's just cook this for about another
three minutes give it a stir every now
and then okay great now we're going with
my black-eyed peas short like I say it
already cooked usually canned one really
convenient
give their little mix and once again
we're just going to cook this for about
another three or four minutes on the
high heat just to get a bit of those
lovely spices and the herbs on our
things
okay this is coming together nicely
next stage I've got some garden peas I'm
adding today I mean these are just
frozen I'll just give them a quick rinse
they cook really nicely in there now
that you can add any to this mushroom
celery just what if you want sweet
potato keep going with what you like
here I've got some bell peppers here
I've got some which you think are bell
peppers but there are actually a chili
so you can add them in shop so not crazy
hot these are actually quite mild but if
you want just use bell peppers I mean
this is going to be fairly seriously hot
this one but um yeah I'm using these are
got a little bit of a kid you can
actually just eat these so they're
really delicious raw but um if you want
just use bell peppers let's give that a
mix
aubergine zucchini whatever you like
from doing here quality our
beautiful now Tomatoes quite a lot of
tomatoes in there you go now I'll just
leave them on the top there what I want
to do if I can find you looking to grab
my lid is I'm not going to stir them in
I'm just going to keep them on the top
we're going to add out it and then we're
going to cook that for about five or six
minutes what should happen is depending
on how juicy your tomatoes are they will
kind of break down a little bit and we
may add some water or not but I can't
tell you that meet you we come back so
that five minutes just leave them on the
top see you there
okay let's jump inside and take a look
now let me let all that steam out
so this is bubbling away nicely so let's
give this a mix now now as you can see
I've got quite a lot of liquid out of my
Tomatoes there so we've got quite a nice
masala there still need to cook down a
little bit more but yeah you can see
there's plenty of gravy in there well I
hope you can see anyway
so I'm going to add a touch of water to
that just call water
we still go write our potatoes to this I
mean this is a whopper now I'm going to
add some fresh chili now my guys like
them whole like that you can chop them
if you want I am going to add now a
little bit more salt
and now our potatoes and like I say I've
cooked my potatoes otherwise I've had to
put them in earlier because that's a
little bit watery you know they're gravy
at the moment it's a bit kind of soupy
but these potatoes what will happen is
they'll kind of break down and they'll
thicken that right up and it's going to
be beautiful just give them the big mix
here I'm going to pop the lid back on
that and I'm going to cook that again we
saw on this kind of medium to high heat
for about four five minutes only
okay the last step of course the heat
I'll take this lid off when it's looking
great
now some of those potatoes of started to
break down a little bit they're going to
thicken up I'm going to finally end this
off with fresh mint and cilantro or
coriander let me give this a mix
and there we go that's done I mean a
real whopper as I said earlier you want
to be kind of cooking you know a quarter
of this if you know if you're cooking
for that or two to four people or
something at least a quart I mean this
really is a big amount if you wanted you
get a little bit of garam masala powder
now I don't find that necessary check it
for salt it's really lovely
I mean it's vegetarian first of all it's
vegan Chuck any vegetables you like in
there
I'm using black eyed peas of course you
could use something else if you wanted
some red beans or something hope that's
helped don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel
we'll see you soon lots of love