hi guys Nick here and today I wanted to
discuss something with you that some of
you might find quite helpful which is
how I saved my plants from brew rot now
when we're getting in the hang of caring
for plants or while we're getting
acquainted with new plans it's not
uncommon to find ourselves over watering
our plants which can lead to leave
yellowing fungus development but
ultimately root rot fortunately I don't
have any plants suffering from rubra at
the moment but unfortunately that means
I don't have an example with me today so
hopefully I can explain this all enough
when your plants are suffering from root
rot they do look quite sickly sometimes
their stems will turn yellow and get
quite squishy or you might just find it
a plant toppled over on its side or even
you might just pull on a plant tugging
it lightly and you might find that it
has no roots at all so in that case your
plant is probably some frame from a root
rot so in my experience root rot works
its way up from the roots to the top of
the plant
so what that means is if you catch it in
time you're gonna be able to save part
of your plan
so my best example that I have here
today is this Dracena compacta so as you
can see right here it's a small little
bit of plant but it's alive and that's
what I'm going here today when you have
a plan that gets root rot you're not
gonna be able to save the whole plant by
any means but you're gonna be able to
save some of this that's all all I'm
trying to do so when I found this plant
it was actually quite full and healthy
looking what it was topple over on its
side and when I slightly tugged on it it
completely came out of the soil and
there was just some rotting stem
attached so I took a clean knife since
this has enough back to going on you
wanted to cut you know want to clean off
something clean I cut off all of the
rotting material and left only healthy
stem so what you basically want to do is
cut off a very small amount of healthy
stem so that you make sure that all of
the rotting stem or plant material below
that is going discarded away and then
you can see here that I have about a
quarter inch of cane visible so what
that means it's a little specific to the
strain of the cane but what you want is
to have a node visible or able to get in
contact with water so I had to cut off a
few leaves for this so you're probably
gonna have to cut off a leaf or two to
make sure that a node is visible but
then once you have you know
some bear node or anywhere that roots
can emerge you could just simply place
it in water and wait and that's what I
did and within a few months I have roots
and so this Dracena right here is
probably able to be planted back in soil
but then another example I have is this
variance it's one Sansevieria five Fosse
idler nti and this was in the same
condition that I found the other one
it was toppled over when I pulled this
out of the soil there was never too
attached it was a little bit squishy so
I cut off any squishy material and I set
it in water and as you can see here
there are some tiny roots emerging so
this one's definitely not ready to go in
soil yet it's definitely it's gonna need
to sit in water for a little bit while
longer
but this is just a surefire way to save
your plans if they are suffering from
root rot I never even thought about
saving my plants to me right before I
would just see that they had no root to
throw it in the trash and forget about
it but then now I'm just deciding that
it's not worth throwing it out it's
definitely worth saving it so here's two
plants right here that had we brought
that I have stayed so lesson learned I
understand I don't have the best example
to show you guys how I went about this
today but if you have any questions feel
free to leave them in the comments below
as always you can follow me on instagram
at philly foliage and i'll see you guys
on my next video