today I am going to start my dill pickle
relish
I have my first onion braid up off of
the hanger and I have quite a few
cucumbers here's how I onions so first I
cut them in half and I never the ends
off but then I go up through here which
you probably know I learned this from my
aunt Sharon if you get them real close
together I don't have my hands in the
right format I like my relish fairly
small and then I just start chucking it
off I'm crying here
these are rotten onions and they are woo
making me think about things like
politics I have the onions and eggs I
have to converse mint and then I want a
colored peppers as I said but here's
what I found
so one purple this one was starting to
change it is the next morning and I have
as you can see about a gallon of diced
cucumbers about a third of that amount
of diced onions bell peppers garlic and
all of that came from the garden along
with this dill I process last year now I
probably should have put it all into a
bowl together but kind of meld last
night but I was busy so plus it all
together today and then I let it set for
a few hours it takes a long time to make
pickle relish but it tastes so good we
love it a girl just a second
that is elephant garlic which I was
happy to find the perfect use for and
I'm going to use all of my yellow
mustard seeds this came from the health
food store you can actually buy it in
bulk
pretty cheap I've been surprised by how
cheap Bolger bazaar this is the dark
brown mustard seed which I love I think
it makes it look really pretty and I'm
going to put a whole bunch of this bill
in maybe all of it
and spoon pepper I like to use
peppercorns and my pickles but nobody
wants a peppercorn on their hot dog some
use and pepper and I'm going to go ahead
and put this as the pickling salt and
I'm going to just a tablespoon in here
while it sets
I use the pickling salt because it's
supposed to give it more clarity like if
you use regular salt make it all look
kind of fuzzy and then I'm just going to
stir this together and I'll show you
after it stirred I have a pretty well
mixed
looks like there is mustard seed in
every bite I like the color last chair I
just had green pepper so this looks
really nice now I will cover it and put
it in the refrigerator for a few hours
hi it's been about four hours I think
this relish looks really great this is
my best ever
I like the chop it's nice and small I've
had years where my truck wasn't very
small and I just call it homestyle but
this is great for my brine I have six
cups of apple cider vinegar 8 cups of
water and 1/2 cup of pickling salt I
that's pretty strong but I do my pickles
that way too and they're they're strong
I like them that way so that's preparing
I know what pickle relish people put
sugar in it like my canning book has
sugar in it but I really like mine salty
and not sweet then here is the canning
the canner boiling water bath for 15
minutes I will make half pipes in here
because we go through about a half pie
whenever we have hot dogs so good on hot
dogs my mom loves it on
tuna and tuna salad I also always put a
tablespoon of white vinegar in the water
because here in the Ozarks we have a lot
of calcium in our water and it builds up
on the outside of the jar so it just
keeps it prettier I will double stack
these as you can see I have one of these
in the bottom so I will stack I think I
can fit 11 half pints in here and then I
will put this over the top and do 11
more for fatal 22 I hope I can get 22
out of this we will see and you can see
the salt has made it lose a lot of
moisture I probably won't put that in
not on purpose anyway but I'm not going
to just strain it through colander but
I'm real excited we'll get started here
in just a moment I have all of my half
pints in the dishwasher right now that
just helps me make sugars clean although
they were fairly clean and it makes them
pretty hot too I have 22 jars oddly that
was what I was looking for I did have 23
but I stuffed them and made 22 because I
think that's what I can fit in my canner
you can see I can't fit very much of the
brine but I'm filling it pretty full
with the brine because once I stab my
little stabber in to get out the air
space I think it will go down to normal
I have them filled it didn't take much
vinegar Brian unfortunately but I just
use a napkin and wipe each lid off
because if it gets a little bit of
relish or anything on it it won't seal
now I have my lids warm but not boiling
you don't have to do that anymore I have
my rings I changed my mind on the second
rack because it didn't cover them all so
I will set the timer for 15 minutes and
then I'll let them rest in the water for
an additional 5 and then I'll do the
other batch the 15-minute timer just
went off so I have turned it off and now
I'll let it set for 5 minutes
they are all out these are still super
hot they have a pot so the jars are
sealed
here are the labels here are the ones
for a regular mouth they are two inch
circles you can see here and then for
wide mouth you want that two and a half
inch standard circle
and I guess you could make your own
labels and print them but I just always
write him