keeping white textiles probably white is
a problem they can become yellowed
through sunlight grayed through washing
colored when washed together with
colored textiles or just generally dirty
from being
worn HG special detergent for whiter
whites prevents and removes yellowing
graying and coloring and removes dirt
and
stains in other words use HG special
detergent for whiter whites to keep your
textiles white or to make them white
again the inside of the cap can be used
as a measuring Beaker for use in the
washing machine fill this Beaker to the
80 ml ring and empty this into the main
wash detergent tray do not add other
detergents and start the main wash
program on 40° C or 60°
C fabric conditioner may be added to the
conditioner tray if you wish HG special
detergent for whiter whites can also be
used for hand wash clothes fill the cap
to 80 ml level for this purpose and
dissolve it in 5 L of lukewarm water now
leave the washing to soak for at least 2
hours and then rinse at least twice with
clean
water