ah
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
coming years with your soldiers I was
located they knocked on the door there's
best tribal mix and I think we were too
okay and I call out and try to reach out
for help because I had no idea how many
years have you been here flowers say
roughly something 8300 until one and
hoping to make 70 to your bed i would
say about that you threw the man about
60 some years you've been in the same
with homes be right and to be disturbed
by winter straight to be started for the
first time in my life knows what my have
got back in my day and clear the field
was ugly wasn't clear well at the time
with a cane food and sold out all of the
houses love history here and we had to
stand here and conditions when they were
not even cutting the feel of all such
beautiful nothing now your facebook is
empathy weather is not even have any
life in it at all
I've seen all kind of transaction for
karaoke and filled water I think people
actually using the bathroom and it is
right out your back right now on the
side of the room really on the side of
your house because I got you're
wondering see all of this occurring but
the city will come over here and cite
you but they won't come over here and
take care of those other things that are
going on well we're hoping that that we
were quiet we didn't ever complain when
the city went through a transition of
cutting nothing was nothing old never
willingly there were no hot cash there
were no people looking to see what you
for doing what you could do if the head
inside I needed any time do you think
it's attributed to the revaluation with
everybody coming back into the city and
maybe you're coming into the city they
are looking at life and all of them who
would fix income and disabled people
such as myself I go out by wheelchair
and we're trying to keep on walking baby
with the pain a lot yes when I have seen
so many things happen over there that
would a they have everything inside now
with the transition but they don't want
us older secret things to be sure to
enjoy it so basically they want to
either buy you out of push you out
taxwise right is that the price the
status as one of the members list oh you
know and even will teach sanitation you
have a text 911 i think i forgot where I
can't even look at it so care
i whistle but you know one finger into
double figures okay and then I have seen
everything occur historically event
webchange in a car it's librarian of the
street here's your minutes away you
could walk to his rubber everyone i can
do i have seen here with security people
walking by laying down in the everybody
but when they came in to revitalize it
is instead of what we had grown food
crisis i'm looking at to do so you had
no input in the revaluation on
everything so now i'm justing your old
people that I grew up in the
neighborhood are they still here showing
the older branded their move that they
have moves out the heavens that it's
like I hear things I feel no I think
they knock on those real estate people
are crazy they calling it fan man I
don't know what the glor made all the
late how can some layers in slam another
nothing we'll see you right here in this
corner or the end of a cul-de-sac
there's a major four ways so I know why
we both know why they want you to move
because they want the property that
basically was easy layin right I don't
care about the house as a memory that
would happen to have it's just the
length they just cannot they don't look
at 60-some years of generations of
families in history yeah associated with
it is not only those scare you to death
I'm in isolation with our ask you one
question what do you think could change
or bring light to to your situation
because it's not not only you as
thousands of other elderly people that
are in the city of being pushed down and
push down pull us up and we're in about
monitoring
this is this is our heritage this is
what we leave our tears were verra pas
tes tablets and only homes back there
that day and time people in their own
home these are old I'm the list of the
wall house and maybe it's a lot that
would need to be done but we have our
history found me so if you take the
house you're pretty much taking the
history of the families in the history
yes another city because basically you
are the city you know companies say was
nobody else before everybody bring the
back to us we shouldn't we stay
you
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe some my family loved surfing with
a little bit and put in how to keep my
eyes on you know but you're gonna pretty
much a doctor oh yeah hold it you say
most governments it's a lot is a lot of
move speed by hair like that me on the
on the side then my mom has you know it
could be my mom told kind of deep pit
but she's just an adopted his lady yeah
yeah he man I see it in your heart I see
the eyes and everything brother so god
bless and keep back to
[Applause]
[Music]