hello we're here today with my little
buddy
Jerry he's a yearling and I've been
working with him on teaching him how to
accept the
bridal so this here is my English
Bridal uh it has the the metal part here
it's called the bit that's going to go
in his mouth uh the long pieces are
called The Rains when you're riding
those are the part that you hold on to
and ask your horse to steer and stop um
this strap here is called the nose band
and it goes around the horse's nose and
this part goes across their forehead
it's called the brow band and then up
over the top is the crown piece it's
going to go right here behind his ears
to keep the Bridal on his head and then
this long piece is called the throat
latch and that's going to go underneath
his throat and buckle up to keep the
Bridle from coming up off over his head
now now since Jerry's just a yearling
and he hasn't worn a bridal very much I
just want to take it really slow with
him and let him smell it try not to eat
it um make sure that he's comfortable
with me doing stuff around him with it
show it to him and for the sake of
training I'm going to put it on over top
of my halter just because I'm not sure
how he's going to react and I want to
have control at all times in case he
Spooks or tries to walk away I got a
hold of him normally if you were riding
you would take this halter off and slip
The Bridal on over their head without
the halter underneath so we going to go
ahead and these are my steps for putting
the Bridal on so I've got him here going
to take my rains and put them over his
head so you can see I've got the
RS and that way I've got a little bit of
control of his neck there seeing that
he's a baby he's trying to be mouthy and
nibble at the bridal that's okay I'm
just going to be patient with him so
I've got my Bridal here in my left hand
and my right hand underneath his neck
and I'm going to switch my Bridal into
my right hand and that way I can guide
the bit into his mouth he would not put
all the other straps in his mouth and
you can hold the nose band up with your
crown piece here to hold it out of the
way so you just have the
bit and I'm going to gently guide it up
to his mouth and
put it against his teeth try not to bang
him in the teeth and my thumb might go
in the corner of his mouth right here
where there's no teeth to help him to
open his mouth up so you can see now
he's got the bit in his mouth while I'm
holding the brle up with my right hand
and then I can let go with the nose band
and let it come down and
gently put his right ear and his left
ear
through and then I always like to fix
their hair make sure it's all laying
nicely so that was pretty good he's
really comfortable with it he hasn't
really objected to me putting the Bridal
on him and then I'm going to take my
nose band put it underneath these cheek
pieces that connect the crown piece to
the bit so that they are flush against
his nose and check on both
sides and then the nose band is just
going to buckle under his chin right
here and A good rule of thumb to fit the
nose band is you'd like to be able to
fit two fingers in that that tightness
of the nose
band and then the throat latch comes
under the throat and I Buckle it here
and the same rule with that is to fit
your hand about 4 in or a hand width
away from their cheek is the best fit
for the Thro latch so you can see Jerry
he's kind of chomping at the bit here
now as I'm looking I want to make sure
that my bit is adjusted correctly this
one looks like it's sitting a little bit
low in his mouth
I have two wrinkles here in their mouth
if it's sitting too low it's going to
hit their teeth in the front and if it's
too high it's going to be pulling their
mouth really tight and kind of making
them smile so this one I think can
probably go up and there's buckles on
each cheek piece on the sides so I'm
going to go two holes on that
side and always put your Keepers in with
the extra the extra uh pieces of leather
here they have little tabs that you tuck
them into to keep the bridal tidy and
I'm going to put this up a hole on this
side put it back in my
Keepers and so there that's that's a bit
more appropriate you can see he's just
got about one or two wrinkles on the
corner of his
mouth so that's how you fit a bridal