okay this is something that we are
looking at getting today oh I started at
my knees head Oh bought my couches
mother nieces when I came over here
please lazy ass birthday so we're
looking into getting these couches and
why don't we get on Miche man saw the
lady you know she's selling these
couches so we're gonna see if we're
gonna get them
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hi this is a disclaimer so this is my
first time doing a voiceover so be
patient with me guys sometimes you hear
my voice
under the other voice okay we're just
stepping out oh oh into the new we
leaving our old characters behind and we
help just install the new couches
to us they knew but they're not really
new but we're just getting rid of this
old couch I paid a lot of money for this
couch and for one person to jump on it
and it breaks I don't think so I don't
think I'll be doing that ever again and
it's not the quantity that I would like
but it showed up to be the quad that I
would like when I always purchase it but
yeah we're just getting under into the
new
hi guys happy October the couches help
being a help for today's and we've
really been just enjoying these couches
so now it's time for me to fluff remote
trying to get them to where I wanted to
be it they are very nice quality couches
and they even came with a little swatch
and the couches so you could go to a
leather shopper web and say this is what
I want you'll be get a rip or a tear the
couch should be forced I guarantee this
how they stole from the woman was first
night I'm in love with this love the
sofa
it's real love I wish I what about
decent before about their Brown never
social clothes so funny
I pray you so much money for and they
broke time it look he is jumped on me so
I just really bad quality stuff and
they're just one quality at all it all
dark leather sofa but this one it's a
good quality sofa and you could say I
buddy so for being good quality and even
got a patch that come with the leather
sofa just in case you'll love the rip
you can take this off and put it
wherever they're ripping so that's good
quality right there just a good quality
sofa yeah other sofa I wasted my mind
there was a I wasted my damn when I'm
I'm so upset about it blade yeah I mean
it's a you Sophie it's not new but it's
new to us and you know I just wanted to
do something now here that my kids and
my husband can be possible sitting on
and he is in this love of face
I won't live there chance we all want
something that we thought we didn't have
and was younger so che they him live out
his fantasy I would be some other
couches but I'm just putting them for
him I got such a good deal on these two
couches
you won't even believe the price and I'm
gonna tell you the price because it was
too much of a good deal okay I'll show
you one of your finished stuff in this
couch okay first couch just brought this
thing back to life looking so good I am
so amazed there how it looks and you
know about the week it have been on
settled sewed it in but right now you
just look over over plush over for but I
am in love with and I purposely tries to
overfit it middle of the middle of the
couch so when people see it because tend
to be in my house everybody like the
seat in the middle of the couch so I
like to overstuff it out myself it'll go
down and then it or even out with the
rest in love with this I got my loveseat
to do and then we'll be back so here's
the couches all done of it look new huh
so in love how you guys just the end of
the video I hope you guys enjoyed it and
all I used was my old couches to fill up
my new consciousness it I just took all
the stuffing that they had out of the
old couch into the new couch but I also
did it with the old couches that we had
so you know I just keep a pillow to
other couches and tried to our stuff on
the new couches okay and you just see
that I throw up I put my throw over the
couches so I know with this and I hope
you guys enjoy Oh bless you guys and
yeah we'll see you on the next one and
we're just reviewing the couch see how
it looks before and having done well so
if you got a project idea do it and
again be blessed and I'll see you on the
next one
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]