hi this is my yet and welcome to my
kitchen today I'm going to prepare a
tabula but it's a cabbage tabbouleh the
main ingredient in this salad is cabbage
instead of parsley we need 1 small
cabbage head finely chopped like this 1
bunch of Italian parsley very finely
chopped 2 lemon or lime juice 3 large
garlic or five small garlic 3 tablespoon
of fine boar dipped in 4 tbsp of water 2
tablespoon of finely minced fresh mint
red pepper salt to taste and olive oil I
use extra virgin olive oil for salads
but the parsley the lemon juice garlic I
cut it into small pieces to make it
easier to squeeze for me notice that we
don't use onions in this salad in this
topology a vegetable we use garlic
the mint
we had some red pepper some salt and
some oil you can add up to a half cup or
more oil or less than that if you wanted
according to what we like
this is a very healthy dish low-cost
easy to make and very tasty to thanks
for watching don't forget to subscribe
rate and comment this is not yet until
next time happy cooking