is asbestos a thing of the past the sad
truth is not at all take Judy's house
built in the 90s using modern building
materials and methods it should be as
best as free right or wrong many
building materials being sold today such
as joint compound floor tiles sheetrock
and more may still contain asbestos Judy
wasn't aware of that when she decided to
renovate her kitchen his bestest becomes
a hazard when airborne so this
renovation job could potentially be
harmful to her family self also Judy's
contractor failed to warn her that in
New York State asbestos testing is
mandatory before any construction or
renovation job so if the state or
municipality finds out the contractor
may be looking at the possibility of
multiple fines totaling thousands of
dollars this cost will likely be passed
on to Julie not to mention the
possibility of her construction being
completely shut down by the Department
of Environmental Protection
asbestos testing can save money and more
importantly health contact exclusive
testing labs today