hello everyone and welcome back to Hanna
southern creations today I'm going to
show you how I make a circle skirt this
is the pattern that I made out I just
put two four pieces of construction
paper together and taped it up and then
I got measurements as measured on five
inches this way and I just took my
measuring tape and just set the circle
around and then I did 10 inches this way
and I measured it up or up and around
and then since I'm only doing 1/4 of a
circle on my pattern I have this folded
and force so when I cut this it will be
a complete circle so I just have to lay
this out on here and then you get your
scissors just make sure it's lined up
turn it so I can cut it and the reason
why I chose this pattern is because I'm
going to do her a Minnie Mouse themed
costume for Halloween and this is going
to be her skirt
see let me go back and fix here
I don't mind it doesn't have to be
perfect just because I'm going to go
back and hem up the sides anyway so you
need perfections in your cut you'll be
able to hug
okay so now that I have that put this
back on and I cut this is what will be
the waste here so that's I'm going to
cut next
we have that take that all and open it
have a circle so we know we did it right
we have it's very cute and since I'm
doing Minnie Mouse theme I am going to
take this marker and I'm going to color
all the pink bugs red just because I
think it'll look better with what I have
planned for outfit I'm going to take
this red skirt I'm going to cut the the
waist off of it and then I so I'm going
to use this my waist for this skirt and
then I'm going to use the tool that they
have on this skirt and I'm going to put
it underneath the one I make in just to
add some to it and I might put some
tulle that you won't be able to see to
make it fuller so you kind of get the
idea of what I'm doing I am just going
to use hot glue just because it's faster
for me but that's just my preference you
can take Thomas out if you want
next we'll be putting the waste on this
and it will look kind of big but it's
going to be kind of scrunched up anyways
once you glue it so it will fit okay so
I'm going to cut maybe like an inch half
an inch out just so I have plenty enough
space to glue this here
so now this is what I have
okay and then I'm going to glue four
sides to it and then I'm going to come
back and then kind of do this all
throughout it that way it will have some
light ripples once she's got it on
I'm gonna go sign on we'll see how this
turns out if it turns out man
you
so we've got now it's going to be super
cute so we've got all four sides glued
and then I'm just going to go through
and just kind of do the sections in the
middle and we'll go from there
you
and then when I'm done I'm gonna iron it
where it looks flat so the folds send
out even more but they already look
really good
so yeah just going to keep gluing on
around making sure I got all the pieces
I wanted flip it over this way and do
the exact same thing to the back
so like I said I'm going to take marker
just put it underneath like this and I'm
just going to color in each one just
because I like the red look better
especially since the waist is red
for sure food can be really cute once I
get all them done okay on this part all
I'm doing is I cut the tool from the
bottom of the other skirt and just
simply hot gluing it to the bottom of
this skirt so it's just the process of
kind of measuring out how far out you
want it to come on the bottom and then
just working your way around very slowly
making sure you flatten the skirt and
then pull the tool down to glue it