hey guys this clip of Sierra through PMO
detailing just making a quick video
today in regards to how to quickly
detail your rubber floor mats at home
and you can see here we have a GTI floor
mat and this is a driver's side and well
it's a great example just on the fact
that it is heavily soiled I mean this
thing is dirty I don't know if I can get
it to autofocus correctly but you'll see
here the floor mat overall is in pretty
rough shape so really all you're going
to need to properly detail your rubber
floor mat first would be a bore brush or
any type of soft bristle brush that
comes to a point really what we're going
to do with this so as to take the
surface get into little intricate areas
basically try to get as much dirt off to
the surface okay the next thing you'll
need is just an all-purpose cleaner or a
PC doesn't have to be fancy
ten-to-one is a solution use you need
you really shouldn't have to go anything
stronger than that unless you get really
really heavily so floor mats and with
that being said you may actually just
want to go to super degreaser diluted
ten to one like I said that's really
going to be more of a rare case unless
you're using your vehicle for
construction or you have a truck that
just has heavy use that may be something
you may need really I would say 99% of
time a PC is gonna do a great job and
release in the dirt and oils and whatnot
off the surface of your rubber floor
mats so first things first you're going
to get your rubber floor mats what
you're going to do is get a vacuum
cleaner and vacuum all the loose debris
I don't recommend taking them outside
not going together anything
like that because really you're just
going to get dirt on yourself near your
car in your car nose really all you do
is quickly get a vacuum cleaner get the
loose debris don't have to spend much
time all looking to do is to get
anything that's just loose off the
surface after that what you're going to
do is you're going to get your APC and
you're going to spray the surface until
the whole entire night is saturated with
the APC so really I mean you can't spray
too much APC so just heavily spray the
whole entire format and once you do so
just let it sit there for a second and
well since then you're just going to get
your board brush or your soft bristled
brush and all you want to do is kind of
prime it and just saturate itself okay
once you do that then you're going to
get your more brush or any type of brush
it using and you're going to come in and
you're just going to agitate the surface
okay and we're going to want to work
into all of these little intricate areas
and you can see here once I start moving
it around and kind of hitting the
surface it's going to foam up and you're
going to instantly see all the dirt
being released so all I really wanted to
do now is just go over the whole entire
surface and so they got an even coverage
okay guys so since you just finished
agitating the surface with the APC
Nambour brush it should look something
like this
okay so once you've done that all you
need to do is just go outside
eat your garden hose they could be a I
wasn't like a light mist or if you want
to do kind of life the garden setting
you don't have to do anything with any
high velocity all we're looking to do is
to just rinse off the APC in dirt and
grime and whatever is gonna release off
the surface so I'm gonna do that and
I'll be right back
alright guys we just got back from
rinsing off the floor mat and you can
see here just with one go around it
looks almost brand new now let's say you
rinse it off and you notice that it's
not to your desirable result or you
notice that you missed a spot
all you need to do is just come back
with the APC and your brush agitate the
area go back outside and rinse it down
but once that everything looks great
everything seems to be looking up to
your desired result then all you need to
really do is to get a microfiber cloth
and wipe the floor mat drum and really
that's as easy as it is to properly
clean your rubber floor mats so if you
guys have any additional questions or
anything please leave a comment below I
hope you guys have a wonderful day until
next time take care