when you're planning a perfect
summertime menu don't even fire up the
stove inside come outside and cook
everything on your barbecue grill this
includes your summertime grilled
vegetables the most important rule of
thumb always cook on a medium-high heat
that way you won't char the outside of
those beautiful and colorful summertime
vegetables the next rule of thumb make
sure to leave the skin on when you are
grilling these vegetables that skin is
going to help hold the vegetable
together there are several ways to make
sure that your vegetables don't fall
through the grill grates when you're
cooking my favorite way is to use a
grill basket when you use one of these
anything that you could cook on the
stovetop you can now cook on the grill
top now there are other things you want
to do as well you want to cut larger
chunks of vegetables that way they don't
fall through the grill grates and
another easy concept is to use a wooden
skewer now the best idea here first is
to soak these skewers in water so they
don't catch fire on the grill and when
you're loading them up make sure that
you put like-minded vegetables together
never put a hard piece of squash next to
a soft mushroom the mushroom is going to
cook much more quickly and probably burn
before that squash could be ready now
once you get all of these skewered up
next you want to coat them with some oil
never use an extra virgin olive oil that
will burn too quickly on the grill use
canola or a light or a pure olive oil
make sure you do a generous coating on
all of your vegetables and then right
before you put them on the grill hit
them with some kosher salt this kosher
salt is really going to bring out the
flavor of those beautiful vegetables and
finally one of the most popular summer
grilled vegetables is fresh corn on the
cob and it's really really easy once you
learn a few tricks now what you want to
do is grab your ear of corn and pull
that Huss back to expose the silk those
are the little stringy parts that you
want to pull away and discard
so we'll go all the way around now push
the husk back up and then grab a little
string and fit it right over top now
it's important to submerge the ears of
corn and water and leave them in the
water for about 15 to 20 minutes make
sure that these get good and soaked and
after that 15 to 20 minutes time let
them drain well getting all of that
excess water out and then move them
right over to the grill
they're going to need to stay on the
grill for about 20 to 25 minutes all of
that moisture inside the husk is going
to create some steam really cooking the
corn thoroughly and all that smoky
flavor will be infused at the same time
so this summer take advantage we're
outdoor barbecue grill and the entire
meal from your meats to your vegetables
can be done outside quickly cleanly and
the flavor is fantastic