[Music]
hey you guys okay so I have a cactus
here that was gifted to me by somebody
and and it is totally infested with
mealy bugs you can see it on the spines
you can also see it in the crevices of
the cactus and an even deeper down into
where the soil and the cactus are
starting to meet you can actually see
mealy bugs as well and so while I had it
under the macro lens you can actually
see that there's even mealy bugs that
are small enough that you can't really
catch them with your naked eye but you
can see the really obvious large white
fluffy ones on the spines and everywhere
else but as soon as you throw a
magnifying glass on it you really start
to notice how small a lot of these are
so they can very quickly get out of hand
so we're going to try two different ways
to take care of mealy bugs we're using
99% rubbing alcohol I just picked this
up at my local IgA it's not recommended
that you use 100% so I've actually
diluted it down to about 70% just using
water so I have a little dish with my
rubbing alcohol and I have some q-tips
I'll be dipping to directly apply it to
some of the larger mealy bugs and the
larger mealy bug clusters and then I
also have a 70% diluted rubbing alcohol
mixture in my in my sprayer and so we'll
first do an application where we're kind
of directly trying to directly attack
some of these larger mealy bugs and then
when we're done that will give it kind
of an all-purpose spray so let's see
what we can see what we can get here
okay we have a couple of really heavy
infestations on some of these needles
here so we'll actually hit some of these
spines with the rubbing alcohol you can
even see some walking around still
this client is terribly infected so I
actually noticed this plant a while ago
actually noticed it probably about two
weeks ago and I didn't I kind of
deliberately waited a little bit to get
let it get a little bit more out of hand
and then I thought we would make a
youtube video out of it it's quite
remarkable how much of this fluff is
it's actually mealybugs and not cactus
so now we have hit the main parts with a
q-tip soaked in rubbing alcohol I'm
gonna give a little bit spray
let's give it a spray see if this if
this can be kind of like a catch-all and
see if we can get all the nooks and
crannies within reach with the q-tip so
I notice it's inside of this cactus it's
right next to a alot of mealy bugs have
worked their way in there but there's
not a chance I can fit two Tiffin here
so we're going to hit this with the
sprayer as well and see if we didn't
catch any mealy bugs that are living
inside of this big fat prickly cactus
some not quite feeling entirely
confident in just spraying so we're
going to take a toothpick and dig
through these crevices in the cactus
look how much we actually get out of the
crevices so we'll do that to the whole
cactus
well thank you guys so much for watching
and hopefully this gives you some advice
on how you should tackle your mealy bug
infestation we're going to try it with
this alcohol I'll give an update in
about two and a half or three we thank
you so much for watching you guys
enjoyed the video or if you have some
advice for me on how to take care of
mealy bugs leave it in the comments
below give this video a thumbs up and if
you want to see more videos like this
hit that subscribe button see you guys