hey everyone this is Laurie we are
working on the cabinets I posted about
that on my Facebook page a couple days
ago that these were the melamine
cabinets I thought they were wood so
Jake is out here is Jake say hi Jake and
this is how easy the the final melamine
stuff just peels off the MDF and you can
use a heat gun that's you know the way
it's done in all the videos that we
watch but ours seems to just peel off
without a whole lot of trouble and once
he gets peeled off he's gonna sand it
and then we're going to be ready to
prime and start painting we're using
Sherwin Williams products for this
project the primer is short Lambs and
I'm using pro classic and a color called
extra white so it's kind of satisfying
when you peel it off isn't it Jake yeah
it's kind of enjoyable kind of fun so
how many 10 minutes have you done doors
and drawers
11 11 and that's for two bathrooms we're
doing the master bath in this condo unit
and the other pool man
and the full bath so that's the front
all peeled off if you flip it over Jade
so the back doesn't peel off that
plastic coating is on air forever so
what jake has been doing is just
standing off this red stuff the red
stuff I think is Minwax polishes that
you know the sellers of this unit when
we bought it what 18 months ago or so
they try to use some improvements to you
know make it more appealing and really I
wish they would have just left them
alone just the white melamine
instead of smearing this poly shade
stuff everywhere so that's the update
here on the cabinet situation I'll keep
you guys posted later say bye Jake