[Music]
today I'm making lemon garlic orzo all
by myself
cuz Megan's not here and it's okay
because I got your back so lemon garlic
orzo is a fabulous side dish or it could
be a main star dish as well and when I
was in steamboat this year I found this
at the farmers market and you can get
this pasta or more they make all kinds
of gluten-free pastas and you can get
them on their website which will link in
our recipe today so or is always a pasta
this is what it looks like it's dried
and you cook it very much like rice you
just boil it and you boil it for about
11 minutes and then it looks just like
this which you can see you can add it as
a cold salad you could we're gonna make
it in a side dish today
and it can be served cold or hot today
we're making a warm or hot side dish all
right so let's get started I'm going to
add a little bit of olive oil into my
pan and then I'm going to be adding some
mushrooms about 1/2 a cup if you like
more mushrooms definitely add more
mushrooms and I'm gonna be adding about
1/2 a cup to a cup of leeks and this is
what the leek looks like we've showed
you before it's this white part that's
what we're using today
let me just now stir this up make sure
that you have enough olive oil in your
pan so it just doesn't stick and then
I'm adding is some shallot all right
this is about one shallot 2 tablespoons
1 to 2 tablespoons
and it smells so good you guys and then
I'm gonna add a little bit of pinch of
Celtic sea salt maybe two pinches we're
just gonna let this sit down so if you
don't know what a shallot looks like
this is what the shallot looks like
Aaron if you don't have a shallot don't
worry you can go ahead and just use one
or two cloves of garlic okay it's not
like a huge garlic flavor in this dish
because really what shining is the lemon
you can't believe how lemony this orzo
the taste is all right so now what I
want to show you well the onions and the
mushrooms are cooking down is the other
vegetable that we're putting in and so
what I have here is a little baby
spinach you can use any spinach but what
I like to do is just take and pull this
stem off you don't have to but if you
have kids you might want to pull the
stem off all right and all I've done is
taken and it's washed I'm just going to
sliver it with my knife so it when you
see it stem I just kind of put it to
this side and I'm just mincing it up now
if you don't want to have spinach let's
say you have some kale or you have
arugula or any other green that you have
either in your garden or in your
refrigerator use it use whatever you
have and that's what this is it's just
fresh minced up spinach and we don't put
it in now we're gonna add it when we go
ahead and add the cooked for so we'll go
ahead and let the leeks the mushrooms
and the shallots finish cooking and then
we'll come back and finish the dish the
mushrooms and the leeks have all cooked
down they're beautifully caramelized
which they're nice and brown and the
sugars have come out of them and so now
we're ready to go ahead and
add the spinach okay and you add all
over much you want depending on how much
or so you're going to be using and then
yes it's kind of like an eyeball or
eyeballing this to see and mixing this
around and then I'm going to go ahead
and add some of the orzo all right
it is so lemony flavored and smelling
what smells so good all right this
they're just you mixing this all up and
that is picked this is ready to go
women Oh mushrooms spinach
amazing for side dish or firming dish we
could go ahead and add some pecorino
romano or Parmesan cheese you can even
add some scallops or shrimp to this dish
whatever you choose to do it is going to
be so flavorful so for this full recipe
you can go to Currie gross kitchen TOCOM
and you can follow us on Facebook and
Pinterest and Instagram and Twitter and
if you don't subscribe to our youtube
channel subscribe so that every
Wednesday you can get a wonderful recipe
in your inbox just like this let's taste
it mmm such lemony goodness you guys I
can't wait for you to try it
[Music]