[Music]
hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel if this is your first time here
welcome my name is Belinda Beauties
today I'm going to be doing a
do-it-yourself no so Roman shades for my
windows so if you want to see how I put
these together then please keep watching
but before that we get started I'm just
going to ask if you can please subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already and
also if you'll click that Bell icon you
know right there in the corner so that
you can be notified every time that I
upload a new video
[Music]
I'll be using two quarless 1 in vinyl
mini blinds from
Walmart because I wanted the shades to
block out the sun I purchased two of
these blackout panels you can use a
piece of material if you choose to do
this project I preferred using these
panels because they also have a thermal
coating which which will help with the
heat coming through the
windows I purchased these at Walmart as
well okay so the very first thing that I
did was extend my blind to the very end
and then I started removing some of the
blind blades I guess you call them I
left only seven blades and I removed the
rest and here I'm just taking you up
close so that you can see how very
carefully I cut off all the blades and I
made sure not to cut the cord that
actually gives the tension to the mini
blinds okay here I just want you to see
that these cords right here actually
just hold the mini blinds and this one
right here is the tension string this is
the one that brings the blinds up and
down you do not want to cut that one
because if not you'll ruin the whole
blind since I don't need the cords that
hold up the blinds I'm just going to
remove them the way that I decided to
space them out is I would count seven
blades and then I would cut them off and
I would leave one blade and then I just
continued to do that and that gave me
about 6 and 1/2 to 7 in of space between
each
[Music]
blade okay okay here I'm just showing
you this is the top of the bar of the
Blind and then these are the two that
I've left and I'm going to continue
repeating the steps until I get to the
very end and I'm left with seven
blades and once I removed all the blind
blades this is what I stayed with this
is now the skeleton of the mini blinds
and I'm left also with the two tension
cords the line down the center is not a
string it's where the two tabletops meet
okay so now it's time to glue my fabric
onto my blinds the front side of the
fabric is facing down and the back side
of the fabric is facing up as you see it
right there I cut down the panel to the
size of my blind so if you decide to do
this project depending on the size of
blinds that you get that is the size
that you need to cut down your material
one thing that I really liked about
these thermal panels is that they have
that coating on the back so every time
that you cut the material does not
unravel and so you don't have to hem it
you can if you want to but I decided not
to okay so I'm going to start by hot
gluing the material to the top bar of
the blind so I'm going to put some hot
glue on the front side of the bar and
then I will be turning the back side of
the fabric onto the front side of the
bar I'll be hot gluing sections at a
time and I will not put any hot glue
where the tension string is at it's
important to remember not to put any hot
glue where the tension string is at
because if not you'll glue it down and
the blind will not go up or down so I'll
be leaving on each side of the tension
string about half an inch of
[Music]
space and here I'm just pointing out
that's the top that's the back side of
the top bar and then turning it over
this is the front side of the shade okay
next I'm going to hot glue the blind
blades now the blades have a curve to
them and that is what I'm going to glue
down so I've turned them over where the
curve is facing down onto the back side
of the fabric and that's how I'm going
to hot glue them and once again once I
start hot gluing the blind blades I'll
be very careful not to put the hot glue
too too close to where the tension
string is
[Music]
at you can use some fabric adhesive if
you're more comfortable with that I am
more comfortable with hot glue now let
me tell you I did do another one and I
use the fabric adhesive but I was not
happy how it turned out so I decided to
try and use the hot glue and I have to
tell you that in my opinion it worked
better but it's really your
preference okay so here I'm just showing
you that I'm done hot gluing all my
blades down onto my Fabric and this is
how it turned out this was not a very
easy project but once I did more than
one um I got a little bit faster and let
me tell you that I did save quite a bit
of money by doing these myself total
cost to make one Roman shade for my size
of window was approximately
$18 and this is how the front side looks
and I'm just showing you what they look
like before I hang them up I decided
just to go with a basic wide color
material but these would also look
really pretty with different colors or
also a nice
pattern since these blinds were cordless
they they pull down really easily and go
up really easily and there's no strings
so I really like that about these well
beauties that is it for this DIY I hope
that you enjoyed it if you did please
give me a big thumbs up and also share
I'd really appreciate it you have
yourself a blessed day and remember love
laugh and create until next time bye-bye
and God bless
[Music]