hey youtubers Steven here how's
everybody's day going well today's
broody wife's gone where kids are in
school so as you can see by the title
we're going to try and experiment and if
you're watching the video that means
there's a taste test review on the end
and it turned out so what we're going to
need we're going to need some molasses
and some brown sugar and some turbo
yeast so we're going to try this
experiment to to make some dark rum now
I won't be distilling this because it's
not legal in Canada to distill and I
don't own a still and if I did and I was
distilling until it's legal I wouldn't
be able to show you the video but I
don't have it still so we'll forget that
okay we'll show you the whole process
now the reason I'm using turbo yeast is
is will produce alcohol up to about 20
percent so that's my goal
is 20 percent alcohol it's half of the
percentage that you buy in the store
without distilling so who knows I've
been thinking about this for a while you
know 20 percent it's still pretty stiff
and if you're drinking it to get drunk
well drink twice as much of it instead
of a shot and some Cola two shots and
some Cola right you know I think the
distilling laws are crazy but that's
neither here nor there so I was also
thinking you know maybe we can make some
whiskey or something like that so see
how this turns out first and then seeing
one of the the gifts occurred to God you
know a whiskey kit to make it up to 20
percent made me think you know what it's
time to do this
dark rum experiment so uh
let's get started alright so the first
thing we're going to do on our scale
we're going to container on here okay so
I just turned it on to zero it out I
have it set at grams now the high
alcohol recipe that I'm following says
to use 300 grams of sugar per liter of
water now I did calculate on the
molasses okay now if you look at the
product here okay for one tablespoon or
20 grams this is all their sugars and
everything so in one tablespoon
there's 12 grams of sugar see if you're
in the camera so for a 1kg container of
molasses that equals 600 grams of sugar
so there's half our sugar right there so
now I need to get another 300 grams of
sugar but I'm going to use in the brown
sugar so we're just going to start
filling up this little bowl until we get
300 grams of sugar
hopefully I can do this without spilling
it all over the counter okay we're
getting closer almost there
3:04 I think that's close enough
all right and just like in the extract
kits I actually have my molasses sitting
in in a big bowl of really hot water so
it'll make it runny so let's move the
camera and have a gander or what I'm
going to do all right here we go so I've
just heated up some water on the stove
just to help everything dissolve a
little better and I've got my molasses
and we're going to pour that in here
look how nice and runny that is mmm all
right we'll get that in there
maybe I'll add a little hot water to it
just so we get it all those little shake
and there's no preservatives in this
molasses so there's nothing to prevent
it from fermenting out all right now
we're going to add some brown sugar
there are 300 grams of brown sugar that
we weighed out they're just going to
stir it and I can turn off the heat now
because I don't I don't want it to get
too hot
this is just under well it's actually
just about four litres of water or the 1
gallon mark on my one gallon growlers so
I just want to give this a stir make
sure everything is all the sugar is
dissolved and in what-have-you
just this molasses ever smoked fantastic
all right I'm not feeling any sugar in
the bottom of the pot and I'm not seeing
any on my spoon so I'm just going to let
this cool down to to room temperature
and then we'll pour it in and we'll get
to the yeast
all right so what I'm going to do
because the this turbo yeast classic
okay this is meant for 21 litres and
this is a pretty huge package of yeast I
mean it's 240 grams worth of yeast in
here so since I'm only doing a one
gallon batch or just about four liters
I'm going to take a chance and actually
just use 45 grams of yeast because I
really don't want to use all of this I
mean it could come up to it really
terrible and if you will so I'm going to
measure it 45 grams of yeast which is
still a lot more than what you get in
your yeast packets and I'm really only
using this for for the alcohol that it
can withstand you know what 47
and see if I can take a little bit out
here what do we got 44 so close there we
go alright so we're going to put in 45
grams of yeast
of course she jumped anyways don't care
alright let's move the camera ready so
our pots cool down you know I put the
pot in the sink with some cold water so
hopefully I can do this without spilling
this everywhere and my growler and my
funnel all sterilized
where we go
it's very there all right still have
some room for the rest of ha
all right so we're pretty much at the 1
gallon mark so now also got to do let's
fish my Eason I really don't want to use
the funnel for that because it'll stick
so pitcher east in here
no flee I won't have a blow over because
that would really suck all right
yeast is in
we'll get our rubber mount on here and a
little bit of liquid
all right there we go we're all set now
we just got to wait for this all to
start fermenting maybe I'll give it a
little shake around here so get some
mixed in all right so uh we'll see where
this is done fermenting okay here's a
little trick for you is okay
today is September 18th all right so
we'll go we're going to write on the
calendar here rum and our original
gravity which unfortunately I didn't
have the camera running was one point
one four five okay so that's a little
hint for us write it on the calendar
because your calendar is always around
and don't look at my daughter spelling
it's terrible anyways and I have
something else to show you
yes it's my bucket note to self
when using turbo yeast it really foams
up the action is just unbelievable so
it's just starting to bubble now in the
bucket I grab the bucket sanitizer right
quick and now it's it's on its way to
from everybody okay we're back
oh yeah here we go
dark rum experiment we are sitting at we
turn this round one point zero one zero
so I wrote a little cheat sheet because
I knew what the numbers were I had
checked this boat a week and a half ago
it was at one point walk zero one zero
or ten ten and I figured you know what
I'm gonna leave it a little while longer
see if it ferments oh but it hasn't
hasn't fermented out anymore but
look at the color of that not a nice
color you can see my hydrometer in there
and lift it up a little higher beautiful
amber color to it now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to transfer it into
another one gallon growler and I'm going
to add potassium sorbate to it so that
it'll kill off the yeast I shouldn't
really have to do that but I'm thinking
you know sometimes when you both Prime
you know there's the sugar going in with
a little bit of yeast it just really
foams up really quick well I enjoy my
rum with coke and there's a lot of sugar
and coke and I'm just visioning pouring
in the coke and it just fold it up like
nothing so you know it's not going to
hurt anything by killing off the East
Brady so I got a transfer dough into our
one gallon and I've got some potassium
sorbate here I'm just going to add half
a teaspoon of this hopefully you don't
spill it all over the floor
all right there we go done so we'll come
back for the official taste testing with
some coke alright time for the teacher
of you I'm going to cover up the label
here but I've reused some bottles all
right so let's give her a four here you
just put a little in there it's it's got
a nice color to it looks like you know
you're typically distilled rum even
though this is not distilled
this is just fermented oak now it come
out about I think it was seventeen a
half percent it's got a nice little
alcohol bite to it if I was to redo this
again I'd probably use a little less
molasses because when you distill it out
of course you don't get that really
strong molasses taste but in all honesty
this is good this is good
even straight up but let's see what it
tastes like in a can of pop shall we
that's typically how everyone drinks you
know the rum and coke rum Pepsi crumbing
Cola Wow so that's definitely a good
shot film over armies
[Music]
all right cheers everybody 17 it's a
little weak you know for what you would
get in you know if it was distilled at
40% but it still has that nice dark rum
flavor to it and it's it's very
drinkable mind you it's a little more
drinkable straight so there we have it
you know home home needs dark rum non
distilled you know almost 20% so for
this experiment it's pretty good I think
I may try it a couple more recipes you
know just to see if it comes out better
with a little less molasses it you know
I may even try some some oak chips just
to see how that that turns out so thanks
for watching you know maybe my next
experiment maybe I'll try and make you
know a whiskey from scratch and see how
that comes a you know somewhat to to
what Craig did mind you card use the kit
but using all grains will seep the mug
to ferment the moat and see how that
turns out so thanks for watching
everybody if you haven't subscribed to
my channel please do and have a great
day