right okay so I just wanted to make a
quick video to share with everyone and
how I have found the cheapest and
easiest way you've clean in a glass
kettle a lot of having the kettle I
think they look amazing but the massive
town for is the amount of a lime scale
that you get built up on it the cheapest
and easiest way I found to use it and
even the quickest is simple lemon juice
just use a bit of gif but all I do is
empty the kettle to make sure there's no
water in there at all
and then open the lid and simply pour
enough lemon juice to cover the bottom
of the kettle and then turn it on and
leave it or not and then it soon as it
starts pop it up
and it and then to get the side to just
hold it to the side and rock the lemon
juice all the way around it struggling
to show this on camera but you get the
idea and if it's very very lime scary
you probably want to reheat it up a
couple of times there's some hard lime
scale in the corners
walk it back in the corners eats all of
the lime scan away give it quick rinse
out the flavor of the lemon doesn't stay
in there very long at all
couple of witnesses quick-draw out of
the tea towel and they have it is
practically brand new is nice and shiny
is no live scale on the bottom at all
and it's cost you a few pence so about a
minute or two I hope that's helpful for
somebody all Cheers