we're gonna answer some questions that I
have on my page let's see this was
uploaded approximately a year ago it's
got about three thousand some views
fourteen different comments let's see
about some questions and comments here
okay so fourteen comments here James
says about if you want to change from
milliliter to ounces you can change and
toggle between your measurements
basically he's telling you that you hold
down these two buttons and it'll change
between milliliters and ounces that
should be pretty useful for some of us
here in the US I personally find that
I'm so used to once's anyway learning a
little bit about milliliters is not a
bad idea question if you had to do it
over again knowing what you know now
after using machine as long will you buy
it again I got mine a week ago I had the
crank strength to eight to tamp down
this odd flavor oh yes I remember this
one knowing what I know now for the
price that I paid for it on Amazon at
the time I think was a special either
Black Friday or some cyber monday or
some other special I got a really good
price knowing what I know now yeah I
probably get it again and the reason is
because the quality has been consistent
throughout the entire year I have not
had any troubles that I unfortunately
like the one black man has had I I
didn't have any problems I don't have
any weird flavors or tastes or smells
coming out from mine so maybe I got
lucky but it's probably the cases that
Breville you know they make pretty good
products and they have a decent warranty
I think two years warranty so I'm still
under warranty
let's see you next one house whatever
you're still satisfied with machine can
you please give an update yes this is my
update video yes the machine is still
performing satisfactorily I still have
it still use it almost every day when
I'm here at this house where I'm
recording this right now so yeah I do um
but I don't actually make a whole pot of
coffee I usually just make you know one
giant mug of coffee and that usually
works out well for me for the day one
problem that I have with this is that if
you check out my other videos
my other videos I've also reviewed some
other coffee related stuff such as the
Ember mug and this does not fit
underneath the Ember mug III mean ember
mug does not fit the ember travel mug
does not fit underneath unit junior 2k1
one week ago says nice review out the
same model and I - I've clean a shoot if
you don't the grinds are hard and
eventually if you leave it long enough
it can plug clog to shoot I had to
previous model of this and didn't find
out it clean as often as this motor you
certain correct though and having to
clean it regularly to avoid any issues
okay so I've been somewhat lazy about
cleaning my unit so luckily I haven't
had any issues but then again I only
make one mug a day and probably don't
use it maybe as much as you do so my
grinds have not really hardened I didn't
have clean or unclog the shoot yet I'm
crossing my fingers about that so I
haven't had any issues since a year yes
our thanks for the Vieira's satisfied
this product I'm trying to say whether
to buy it or not but see a lot of
negative reviews - alright we'll check
out some of the reviews on that I
presume you're checking out reviews on
Amazon or something which will go to
that shortly
can you put the parts in the dishwasher
my guess is absolutely no I actually
looked this up for you
this was answered over a month ago and
know according to the manual none of the
parts or accessories are actually
dishwasher safe I've become where one no
I have not come up with error one nor I
had any issues with my particular unit
and again I bought it you know I don't
make full cups of coffee often I maybe
do it once a month so maybe that maybe
it's just simply I just haven't used it
as much alright so here's my link on the
Amazon page where I actually bought it
so look I bought December 22nd 2016 so
I've had it for definitely over a year
now and I see the price now is 284 I
know I definitely did not pay that I
paid a much cheaper price than that hey
in this video is not sponsored or
endorsed just want to put that clearly
alright so one of the big issues that I
have and probably some of you might have
with most standard kitchens unless you
live in a nice new modern kitchen is
that the counter top or the space where
the shelves are is just not high enough
for this this is a really tall unit
because it has the grinder up top and a
whole chute here where the coffee goes
down into and that that you know it just
takes a lot of space make sure you have
enough clearance it is 16 and 1/4 inches
high that's really high okay let's see
some of the frequently asked questions
down here let's see questions questions
oh my god there are 193 questions I
don't think I'm gonna go through all of
them so let's see what do we have here
are you really saying use type water not
water no not necessarily obviously the
man trash is a great answer for that you
you should use maybe natural spring
water with some minerals and stuff in
there but I actually use zero it's it
says we do not recommend using highly
filtered demineralized water so I
actually use an RO
or zero filter water so it doesn't taste
as good as there so that might have some
that most likely has an effect on on
look at the quality of the coffee that I
get so that if but you know because I
don't I don't really get too much
mineral content in there and that's
probably why maybe I don't have as much
issues I actually haven't had to run
through one of those the mineralization
cycles or descaling cycles or every call
it there's this model different our old
model never use the old model I don't
know okay so the this new grinder
apparently has a result issue with with
coarse making coffee that's too weak my
coffee is not too weak but I do find
that some of my alternative methods of
brewing coffee actually makes more
frugal use of the coffee so there's that
so it definitely uses more is it
excessive no I wouldn't say so does the
grind Baska say dry cuisine our grind
brooo gets damp in there the grind
basket stays dry on my cuisine okay yeah
that that's probably true I don't have
any wetness in there unless you get
clogged you know why this works out and
why it stays dries because it's got that
metal plate that blocks it after it's
done brewing so that the dampness
doesn't get in there at least too much
and also in California it's relatively
dry we don't have a lot of rain out here
let's see I'm thinking about getting
either Breville grind control cuisine
art grinder brew which oh now anyone use
both yes I vote in both it's true I've
owned both and this is definitely better
but it's what it was way more costly
back then when I got the grind and brew
which was really long time go way in let
me see way in early 2000 or late 90s I
think I got one from Costco
it's definitely this is definitely in a
class of its own and yet you can vary
the grinding and brewing whereas the
other one is just a regular blade
grinder that just grinds beforehand I
will say on that one it's a lot more
simplistic and whatever coffee you put
in there it was just grinding at all
right so so there's less maintenance
after that except for the fact that you
got to put in the exact amount of coffee
that you want it to or you said you set
the settings to that you want it to do
anyway yeah this is definitely better
holds half a pound
does it have warm plate no because it's
a thermal carafe how loud is the machine
when grinding the beans I want to say it
is you know if you saw my previous video
I want to say it's quiet and that's
because I had a loud grinder before so
this sounds like a somewhat you take a
regular grinder and any muffle it you
know imagine you put it in a Tupperware
thing and that's pretty much what it
sounds like so it's it's not that bad
someone's in the same room yeah they're
gonna wake up to it so that's really not
going but on the plus side if you grind
it beforehand you don't actually have to
use the grinder you could use a separate
grinder just put the coffee in the you
know in that in that basket and also
bright it also brew it as well power is
up but won't start
I don't know various different failures
that could happen and I want to say that
most likely if you're having a problem
with this it's because you're not
cleaning the stuff out like you're
supposed to I want to say that I don't
clean it out as much or as often as I
did and I still do a pretty good job of
it
but you know what I use the Machine
practically every day or at least four
four five times a week at least five
times a week at least sometimes three
times in a day so all right to reduce
overall height note you can't do that we
see this give does not
keep the coffee warm at all I'm not sure
why you're not having why are you having
problem with the coffee not keeping warm
just make sure the lid is on I can't
imagine this to be defective at all
because it's the thermal carafe and man
China has that down and so anyone know
of a paper filter you use yeah there are
some the brown paper filter that you can
find in any store I could link that down
below if you like can you brew a ste mmm
yes suppose you can I wouldn't do it
though basically you just turn the
grinder off there are better products
for that including Breville making their
own one which I saw one in use and it
looked pretty cool brewing temperature
195 degrees Fahrenheit or more yes it's
true I remember checking this out with
my thermal camera and it is definitely
hot when it comes out now it doesn't
stay hot in my mug
unless I put it in my ember mug but yeah
it actually does keep a decent and brew
it at a decent temperature and that is
slightly adjustable if I recall
correctly all right I'm not gonna get
around to all these questions here but
some of these yeah you know what a lot
of all these have answers in there so
don't wash your money it'll be dead in
five months that's not true
mine has worked for a really long time I
guess it's the same customer that has
said that but yeah so some people just
are not doing something right or with it
or doing
something that is not supposed to be
doing or not cleaning it out or maybe
they never operated one before but yeah
you actually do have to clean it out you
got a mate you got it you got to make
sure you clean it okay let's see can
this model be plumbed directly to a
waterline no I suppose you can jerry-rig
something but no it's not meant for like
commercial type of purposes like that or
just really lazy people remember you
still gotta clean out anyway calibrate
what how do you calibrate you can
calibrate the I believe you can
calibrate the brew temperature and the
grind control range and how much ground
coffee you get in there so all those
things are calibrate able so there's a
knob at the top by the bean hopper which
you turn the other is how much brew size
you want and then the there's a brute
strength knob that's that's pretty much
it so that that is above and beyond some
of these other ones that are tried I've
tried the technical worm and I've tried
I've got another one one of the the top
you know certified coffee makers and you
know they're they're definitely not as
just oppose this but they're already
pre-programmed to basically produce good
coffee as is already what type of coffee
filters use those come with the gold
filter yes it comes to the basket no it
did not come with a gold screen filter
you can get that separately yeah I've
used that I had an old one from a
cuisine art one it's the cone type so
that's the type you got does this come
with a stainless steel travel mug no
does not how is designer makeup prevents
team from getting in the coffee storage
area
oh my guess is it's that it's that
stainless steel disc that that rotates
and covers that area so yeah you
definitely want to keep that clean and
that's the part where I was using the
the the wooden stick and I only got to
use that because I was not I was not
doing the proper maintenance for maybe I
want to say a month so yeah make sure
make sure that this stays clean and you
have that problem maybe what some of
these other people have I've been having
when calibrating shadow just sent away
the beans or the beans in Damascus you
know yeah this is not a this is not a
super-duper calibrated type of fancy
machine if you wanted something like
that you can spend $2,000 and roubles
Oracle drink maker plus with the
touchscreen and all that stuff
so you can wait yourself yeah that's
pretty much what you do you wait
yourself and you calibrate it to the
number of beans and and maybe whatever
temperature you remember those settings
this is where a somewhat smarter Brewer
that is app control might make sense for
you if you really want to tackle that me
I'm just too lazy man once I once I
figure out what kind of beans I usually
like to get and I usually get them from
Costco because hey it's decent and it's
cheap and it gets the job done for me
most of the time if I wanted something
fancy I guess I'll go out to the to a
have a barista make it at my favorite
place maybe Phil's coffee or something
so yeah you'd have to do it yourself and
then just you know keep those settings
there's there's no customizable settings
that you can remember for preset one two
or three or anything like that you
basically got to remember it basically
keep a notebook next to your coffee
maker if you want to do that does that
ever Grindr yes does it is not a conical
burr grinder as far as I know which I
heard was applies because the previous
one apparently was or something and
things we get clogged or didn't work out
well what kind of paper filter fits this
machine oh it's just a standard one
conical that the comb went the cone type
how loud is the grinder okay see this
one says 50% quieter yeah I think that
the grinder is basically you take a take
normal grinder you put it in like one of
those Tupperware things and it basically
sounds like it's muffle like that so
that's definitely a plus all right I'm
not sure how long this videos going
based on my last video maybe only about
60 some percent of it was
watched so my guess this is it okay
so I answer a few other questions from
here basically God there's all these
answers in here I think that if you have
a lot of questions this is definitely
the place to find it because seriously
people have had a lot a lot a lot of
questions about this let's see what does
the daily cleanup consist of quite funny
hate daily mounts yeah cuisine are great
okay if you've got a cuisine art grinder
and Brewer and you don't like the daily
maintenance required it's roughly gonna
be the same thing but if you do it right
and you do it right after you're done
making a coffee which I admit I don't
you got to do that tool scraping mess
that I showed you periodically you
should you should you should you got to
clean that part out right
it says the residue someone responded
that residue sticky mess she takes a
knife to chisel it off yeah it can get
that way yeah it can but if you don't
get it that far you could just wet it up
and use a popsicle stick
you need empty filter after every cup I
think you needed to descale it every
month I haven't done that but I used ro
it's well worth money
best coffeepot out there Bob well Dave
cleanup isn't much just usual clean a
coffee grounds out of basket rinse the
pot yeah pretty much that's it don't get
it all mucked up if you get it all
mucked up that's where it takes you a
while to do it is easily half an hour
more to do properly just needs to go in
a way too often work properly so this
this person gave up on it I'm sorry you
did Rick mine still working after a year
of practically daily use practically I
lose track because I travel a lot so
yeah there's a coffee and maker have
water filter no it okay so it has a non
removable water reservoir does not
integrate a water filter Breville will
recommend some sort of filter of some
point to put in there and I suppose I
recommend that too has anyone
experienced a brew made as much weaker
all of a sudden because there's half the
Mount yeah because your chute got
plugged up that's true you definitely
want to clean it out
okay you can usually clean this by
turning bean hopper switch and closing
the filt door it should rotate clean out
the grounds oh that's a good tip I'll
try that my coffee has not gotten weaker
all of a sudden so I lucky I've not had
this by turning the bean hopper switch
and closing the filter door that's a
good idea I'll try that out next time
can you grind the night before and brew
in the morning to avoid waking yeah you
can so this is a good good example that
it's it's a bit it's a bit much
instructions in there but I'm sure once
you get it done it's not that bad
but no I definitely prefer just ground
before brewing so I'm never gonna do
that I'm not even gonna bother with that
on/off button mmm
there is no on/off button per se it kind
of always stays on because there's a
timer thing in there but I suppose you
can't unplug it but then you might have
to set the timer and everything again
all right a lot of similar questions on
here over and over again
okay so ultimately it comes down to hey
would I buy it again knowing what I know
now after using for a year yeah I would
buy it again knowing what I know now
after using it a year my major problems
with it is that doesn't fit the mug
style that I typically want to use and I
got the Ember mug and it does not fit
internet that quoits a little bit of
work there another thing is this is
definitely not for people who are lazy
for making coffee so if you are super
lazy there are other machines out there
they're better for you this is why
Keurig is so popular the capsule basting
is the easiest way just to get it done
and not have any mess whatsoever
alright the Keurig or any of these other
capsule machines you see me using
another type of capsule machine in some
of the other videos that I create and
those are great in their own right some
of their more expensive than others my
favorite right now god I'm trying to
think okay so the Nespresso one's really
good it is pretty pricey per capsule and
then you got this other one
let me look at it up let me look at it a
capsule coffee maker yeah so you really
don't want any maintenance whatsoever
you get one of these Nespresso machines
this is my favorite right now which is
the Nescafe Dolce Gusto because it's so
small it produces a fantastic cup of
coffee there's got so many pods and
stuff but it's also pretty pricey too so
I've been feeling super lazy and I
didn't clean out the thing before and I
just want my coffee ready to go this is
what I've been going to this one and the
Nespresso the Starbucks one is also
really good too but then you're stuck
with Starbucks so if you want to try
other varieties that's a bit of a pain
Keurig I started out with before really
popular easy to get those capsules from
Costco but frankly I put it away and I
haven't used it in a while
I do have it at at another place another
house and yeah that's what I use over
there so yeah alright so hopefully that
answers all your questions this video is
now super long I'm kind of curious I'm
going to check out the stats just to see
how many of you actually stayed and
watched all of this if you're on the
fence about it just go ahead and get it
and get it from my link you have 30 days
to try it out and keep in mind that you
know you you do have to pay return
shipping if you don't like it unless you
live next to one of those Amazon lockers
and if you do then it's qualified Amazon
Locker I found out that you can actually
go and take this process to return say
you're gonna drop it off at the locker
and you don't have to pay any turn
shipping just make sure you keep all the
parts and accessories and everything all
in there good to go alright thanks for
watching please like please subscribe to
this video I definitely do answer just
about 97% of all the questions that you
get particularly from subscribers people
comment down below you can tweet me at
Mike Moo
it's just mi ke mu and I am really
trying to hit that 1,000 subscriber mark
I am not there yet I think
I'm at 767 hundred and something you
something like that I'm about two
hundred 30 subscribers short and I could
really use your help I just need to make
that partner program sooner rather than
later I'm a partner right now but they
said as you may know that last month
they said that they're going to get rid
of they're going to get rid of anybody
who that has not met 1,000 subscriber
mark and I definitely need to hit that
alright thanks for watching and I will
catch you in the next video