you
[Applause]
hello hello today I'm going to show you
how to catch a delicious camembert by
using cheese knife the cheese knife has
so many holes in the plate so the cheese
cannot stuck on it so for this use every
time if you like to cut cheese a cheese
knife so good job the camembert is a
soft creamy surface rippen's cow's milk
cheese it was first made in the last
18th century at camembert Normandy and
the northern France okay let's cut it
place the blade on top and cut the
camembert whoa as you can see it's easy
to forget the camber of the blade once
more
rotate and saw down oh yeah
nice and easy it goes delicious mmm and
the holds are powerfully Oh
for example we will use another nice and
as you can see yeah it's not so easy to
remove so we will use again the cheese
knife thanks for watching please
subscribe me and give me a positive
feedback and see you next time