hello everyone and welcome to my channel
I am so excited today because I just got
my new rubber plant and it is beautiful
they say when you're going to go and buy
a rubber plant but they like to know if
it's in good condition and healthy is
Sushruta has sprouts coming up and as
you can see this one does so you want to
make sure you look for that but just
look how beautiful this is so excited
about it and I'm going to give you a few
tips on how to take care of it so I have
a list of 14 things I'm going to tell
you about so number one would should be
plant the house plant and good house
plant potting soil not in a garden
number two make sure it has good
drainage
number three you want to keep the
temperature above fifty five degrees
Fahrenheit number four place it in the
South window from September to March
number five move to an east or west
window the rest of the year
number six you want to provide very
bright light make sure it's getting
plenty of sunlight number seven that's a
soil dry slightly before watering make
sure the top feels dry to the touch
number eight give room temperature water
don't put cold water in it number nine
fertilize with a house plant fertilizer
once a year in late March or April
number ten mist in early morning if
conditions are dry number eleven wipe
with a damp cloth if it's dusty number
twelve always remove yellow or dead
leaves that's going to make your plant
look so much better and that will
stimulate growth number thirteen if your
plant is too top-heavy you need to repot
it in a pot that is just a couple inches
wider and a couple inches deeper and
last but not least number fourteen to
show lots of love and care to your plant
and it will clean and purify the air for
you and it can last for many many years
and this plant in the wild can get to
over a hundred feet so I'll help out
that ok guys thank you so much for
watching I enjoyed this video be sure
and give me a thumbs up and subscribe
and I'll see you in the next video