you
hi welcome to my kitchen today we'll be
making the best papaya salad here are
the ingredients tomato green tomato and
then you have green beans tab legs in
chili garlic this is how this is what
you'll say frozen crab with chili garlic
you can find this at any Asian store and
then we have the crab paste
spicy Thai salad dressing you have
shrimp paste as well and then these are
the tamari that you will be using this
is what you'll say concentrated cooking
tomorrow and you'll come to blue cap
here is fish sauce we have sugar in here
and our pepper we also have their green
papaya this is what you'll be looking
for not the right kind of the green kind
and all of these you'll find Asian store
if you just want to make one trip so go
ahead and get start it also forgot you
need garlic
so I'll go ahead and use three for the
garlic you know how to really put a salt
in my peppers and already depending on
how spicy you want it you could put as
much as you want
and we will be using a mortar and pestle
so you want to go ahead and mix those up
very well I think I want more spicy hit
with some more
okay and then next we'll go ahead and
put in some shrimp paste about two
teaspoon and our crab paste up two
teaspoon - we're going to mix that here
with a pepper and garlic and this is how
it will look kind of like we're right
now but the finished product will be
amazing then we'll go ahead and put in
our tomatoes depending how much tomato
the like you know if you don't like a
lot of tomatoes I don't have to put a
lot in like a lot summatively put a lot
and then go ahead and put these green
between tomatoes in as well we're going
to mix these up make sure you know your
tomato in all the juice going in there
okay and then go ahead and put in some
sugar if you like a sweet you could put
more but right now I'm just going to put
about two teaspoon at it okay and then
go ahead and put in the crab you don't
have to put these as you don't like it
and mix it don't spin and then our green
beans okay and at this moment could put
the dressing if you like I'm gonna put
about four teaspoons
actually I'll put if you like more MORE
I'm making a lot so turn our fish sauce
and our tar Marin you mix it up mix it
really well and I like to add a little
bit water so it doesn't get so thick so
just go ahead and add in some water mix
it in
since I'm making a lot of sleep I won't
be putting it in my moral peso as you
can see you overflow so I'm just going
to go ahead and put my green papaya in a
bigger hole I mean you could put a lemon
if you want but the tolerant are already
sour so if you wanted more sour like me
put some lemon in okay so before you mix
it in there you want to taste the juice
a little bit to see if you know getting
to add anything else
nice things pretty good right now so
I'll go ahead and just mix this in so
you're gonna go ahead and you want to
pour this over your palate and then we
get it back since I don't have less you
want to mix this you could use the
pestle but it's easier to use my hand so
I'm just going to go ahead and mix this
in
you're just going to mix it in make sure
blame them really well with the your
grahame higher
there requires a lot of ingredient but
you know which is really good it will
taste way better than the one you'll get
like at the store because you know they
just do it using a few ingredients here
but here we're using a lot of different
ingredients spicy pie a salad so we can
garnish it up put in a plate and garnish
it with cabbage
yeah man
man up