[Music]
[Music]
so I wanted to do a quick video because
I'm going to be doing a cutting today of
my rubber plan and this is the baby that
I want to take out
and I'm thinking about cutting it and
write this down here so I'm gonna be
doing that and then I'm gonna be placing
it in this bottle which is just an old
foundation bottle that I cleaned up and
I'm going to be putting water in there
and then putting the little baby inside
to root so I'm a little scared to be
honest to do this but I'm going to take
the risk and hopefully it does root
I did try rooting a rubber plant in the
past and it was a bigger cutting so
that's the only thing that is different
this one's a little bit smaller so I'm
not sure if that's gonna affect its
ability to root but it should work so
I'm just gonna snip it right now me
doing that I'm scared okay that wasn't
really a clean cut so yeah next time
make sure it's clean I don't think these
Clippers really work that well so I'm
gonna go get scissors okay so I have a
pair of scissors and I think this is
gonna be a cleaner cut so I'm just gonna
do that right now yep that was a lot
more
there you go there's my cutting the tip
of it is a lot cleaner and so that
should be a good base for it I'm gonna
go ahead and go back in here and just
clip this so that's cleaned up too
that way it could probably sprout again
yeah hopefully it doesn't die but my
plant is pretty pretty big that one
piece there is growing pretty tall and
then I have like three different pieces
there's coming up so that's what it
looks like okay and also the way I
cleaned this out was just by taking
acetone and swirling it around and then
I took some cotton balls and cleaned up
the inside of the cap and everything
pretty much came off with just the
acetone and I just rinsed it out really
well and this is what I'm planning to do
with a lot of my glass bottles now just
sure kind of reuse them and I think it
looks really cute I took off the text
that was down here and in the back with
also acetone and it came off pretty well
I could probably even take off the logo
but I thought it looks really nice cuz
it's gold and I like it so I'm gonna be
back I'm going to fill this up with
water and then I'll come back and show
you how that looks okay so I put water
in here isn't it so cute I love it how
it's like a frosted glass
obsessed with glassware so that's going
to be added to my collection so I'm just
gonna be putting the cutting inside the
water and we kind of just reaches like
the top of the water so I'm gonna have
to fill this up a little bit more
probably all the way to the top that way
it doesn't run out of water but yeah
this is what it looks like and I'm going
to be tracking the progress and update
you guys on when I start seeing roots it
shouldn't probably start to root like in
maybe two to three weeks I'm guessing so
that's it for this quick video I just
wanted to document my cutting process
and see where that takes me hopefully I
can have another rubber plants root here
that way I can have another plant to put
in my room or in my office or wherever I
want in the house
these plants actually grow really slow
so it takes a lot of patience but they
are beautiful and they're easy to care
for I really don't even pay attention to
this one and it does just fine look at
the soil is even dry right now and it's
not caring at all it doesn't care like
it is
an easy plan to take care of so I'm sure
this thing will go root within a few
weeks make sure to subscribe to my
channel to keep an eye out for updates
I'm going to be doing another video once
this thing roots just to document how
long it took and the progress of it so
make sure to subscribe and also please
comment below any questions you have
pertaining to plants or any other
questions you might have about my
channel or myself or anything like that
so I can get back to you on that but
thank you for watching and I'll be back
with more videos
[Music]