all right today I'm going to show you
guys how to make a batch batch with
given with only things with only things
that give you in jail county jail
there's a county jail patch state prison
batch you have access to a lot more
things they obviously service peaches so
you're going to get everybody's peaches
a homie let me get the peaches let me
get the peaches okay add some hot water
to the peaches now you got action and
get some sugar you know something that
works in the kitchen
try to get sugar if you don't get you
can get sugar have a look have a get a
get with a group of guys order the
kool-aid the fruit punch 170 gram pack
160 of that grams is all sugar so it's
basically a bag a colored sugar simple
as that heat it up and whatever you're
not going to have one of these
containers you're probably going to need
a plastic bag
he didn't heat it up in the seat let
this let the peaches sit for a couple of
days heat it up in the sink then you're
going to add your show okay add your
sugar so much sugar yet I just added
maybe 16 ounces I probably added about
two bags to three bags of community to
this right now
happy flavors in jail mix it all up this
is all warm warm water one Friday night
he'll maybe add a little bit more water
to it
mix it all up at this point you'll put
it in a bag something like this nod it
up you're going to want to make a burper
I'll get into that into another video
basically where you're going to make a
hole and then you're going to put in
thing a toothpaste tie it around where
it can't get out and you have a little
circular screw it burp it whenever you
want to screw it back in that's later
though this is the shortcut right here
the yeast is hard to get in here you get
a machine but I have action with the
kitchen though you can get it but if you
don't it's just going to take longer but
with this and get it done a lot quicker
go ahead and add that in there make sure
the water is worn about 90 degrees
don't you add that in there you added
your sugar yeah just some warm water mix
it up roofie
last left off I just stood in the east
this is hard to come by these preparing
jail can we do gotta get at somebody
that works in the kitchen they could get
yourself shown your same thing
brown sugar don't matter powdered sugar
sugar if you can't get sugar you're
desperate by the kool-aid packages it's
almost pure sugar 170 gram packet
kool-aid
160 grams of sugar so it's basically
colored sugar so you go ahead and just
mix all this up already add to the east
it's just going to make it go quicker
this isn't got some warm water in it
might add just a little bit of orange
juice
orange juice to keep you in jail is
calcium-fortified kind of slows it down
a little bit for it
this ain't
mix that up real good let's say now
we're ready to rock your world
you can egg luckily her down by yourself
you gotta tell me they pick it up help
you dump it in there how come her cellie
you're gonna help me dump eggs in there
meet my Sally pick this up and dump it
in their nose dump it in there we go
now you're on your way to making a batch
nice and warm
get a good pig bag they usually give you
trash bags like this in there you don't
want to tie it knot right here
knot it off rope in once the bag starts
inflating you're going to have to learn
not it and burp or you can make yourself
a burger I'll do that in another video
well that's about it Steve drunk