for many pet owners the health of their
four-legged best friend is just as
important as their own animal lovers may
not realize that animals face similar
challenges as humans in terms of proper
nutrition maintaining joint health and
fighting free radicals many pet foods
are overprocessed and have little
nutritive value dogs and cats breathe in
the same pollution as we do inhaling
harmful free radicals potent
antioxidants like opcs help to
strengthen your pets free radical
defenses opcs are complex organic plant
compounds found in fruits vegetables and
certain tree barks that provide
exceptional nutritional benefits to your
pet's body antioxidants promote
cardiovascular health support healthy
visual Acuity promote healthy blood
vessel dilation and promote healthy
platelet activity Studies have shown
opcs to be up to 20 times more powerful
than vitamin C and 50 times more
powerful than vitamin E in neutralizing
free radicals Pet Health OPC formula is
a food supplement made from a
combination of billberry grape seed red
wine pine bark extracts Citrus extract
bioflavonoids and glucosamine this
unique formula is designed to promote
healthy joints and provide a strong
antioxidant defense Pet Health OPC
formula offers a unique great tasting
powder that is sprinkled over your pet's
regular food it represents the latest
technology available today in naturally
based pet food supplements your pets
will love the beef flavor and you'll
love knowing that you're doing all you
can to help them stay healthy and live
long healthy lives