okay so this month we're talking about
Good Old NE um when I was growing up
this was a lantern none of your fancy
ass pumpkin this was a hardcore Lantern
um really difficult to prepare real I've
seen a few chefs shave little bits off
their fingers trying to cut these and
and it's tough for any home cook as well
so what I want to do this month is show
you a really simple way to cook turn it
um and bring out that lovely earthy pear
flavor um so you get to really sort of
eat more of this cuzz it's actually
really good for you it stops you aging
and helps some nasty diseases so NE go
with it is
awesome okay so really simply all you
want to do is just season your NE no
peeling nothing like that just
straighten Bowl put of sea salt little
bit of olive
oil good amount of salt just going of Co
it all
around okay so when once you're happy
really simple straight into your oven
straight on the Shelf it's going to take
about 2 and 1/2 hours maybe just put it
in an hour before you put your roast in
um and that's it straight on the shell
couple
hours okay so it's been in the oven for
about 2 and 1/2 hours and nice and
caramelized and all we're really going
to do now is just basically cut it in
half and you'll get that really really
lovely earthy pear smell and and what I
want to do is just do a really simple
dish and just scoop out some of the pulp
H serve up some blue cheese fresh pear
and hazelnuts really simple salad and
just brings out the best in a good old
meat