I have a quart jar of sauerkraut I'll be
using here with caraway seeds that I
made myself last summer and this stuff
is super delicious it tastes wonderful
and as you see it looks really yummy
then this pot over here on my stove I
have 1/2 cup of onions and some looks
darker than others I'm a little faster
there it doesn't but that you work
perfect my eyes have Olivia water from
these guys because they're organic and
you can tell that they are going to be
super good in this recipe we have our
Kobashi of course everybody adding a
tablespoon of brown sugar this makes
this recipe really come together along
with a quarter cup of red wine is gonna
cook real well in there and the wine is
gonna cook off and it's gonna taste
really really yummy and if you'd like to
use beer in this recipe I guess it can
be done people do use that my husband is
allergic to yeast so we definitely don't
have any beer in our house and I
definitely cannot have my food so that's
kind of out of question for us here so
let's pop in our sauerkraut this is
basically a one pot I'm using a
cast-iron pot here as you can see and
this was a really nice pot that makes
everything
and we have our sour cream and goes one
tablespoon of our brown sugar
fourth cup of our red wine and one 16
ounce package of Cabasa all right quick
stir will do is stove onto a medium
temperature and we just slept our
capacity inside process all these
flavors blend together looks yummy
it smells delicious and we're an add on
our cast iron lid and I'll see you back
here in about 15-20 minutes Abbasi and
sauerkraut has been cooking for about 20
minutes and now we're going to come over
here to the stove take the lid off in
right there it is I probably use a
slotted spoon when you're serving your
Kibaki and sauerkraut that way you don't
have too much excess juice in your dish
or on your plate mmm smells really good
I will dish it up and try it out
okay here we have it our capacity and
our crumbs all ready to try out and I'm
gonna be first to do it really hot it's
not too much this is super good give it
a try I know you're gonna love it
and don't forget this turkic Abbasi is
fully cooked as it says on the package
here so you don't have to worry too much
about how long you're gonna cook it you
just want to make sure that it's worn
through that all of the flavors that you
have in there thoroughly cook together