hey there this is Mario from shock.com
and in this video you're going to learn
how to stop drinking alcohol forever so
if you apply this concept from this
video you're going to be able to
eliminate this bad habit from your life
for good so it's never going to happen
again and why is this important well
look we don't even need to see the
research it's pretty much obvious that
if you're drinking multiple times a week
if you're really getting wasted it's
going to impact your performance even a
little bit of alcohol makes a difference
according to the research I mean you
look at impaired recovery worse sleep
less performance in the gym less muscle
being built like all these things in
your health area of your life which then
directly translates to all the other
areas of your life because if you're
looking to improve your social skills
like your business skills like your
happiness I mean it's all going to be
affected to a degree with how many of
these bad habits you have so alcohol is
just one of them you could be suffering
from multiple different bad things
and these things are actually quite easy
to fix and the way I look at it like my
analogy is kind of when I think about
alcohol or cigarettes something like
that it's kind of like having anchors
tied up to your leg when you're trying
to swim right the more of these anchors
you have the more weight there is and it
just keep dragging you down and you just
no matter how fast of a gr of a swimmer
you are it's still going to impact your
performance and I just got recently
reminded by a story from a friend uh how
how I got me get rid of alcohol for good
back then it was like a couple of years
ago when I before I started training I
had a massive addiction with alcohol in
video games so I was speaking to my
friend and U his father was actually
addicted to smoking for 20 years and U
he reminded me of a story how his father
quit smoking so it was late at night and
his father was actually walking to a to
a meeting somewhere with his friend
right and um they were walking down the
street and his SP was like kind of
touching like his his um pockets and he
couldn't find his cigarettes right he
was like a heavy smoker multiple packs
per day you know like really heavy
smoking for like 15 20 years you know
like those people who are kind of even
defined by cigarettes you know they're
all their clothes smell like cigarettes
like it's all you know that that person
smokes right so they were walking down
and they were halfway there and it was
just like a meeting a couple of friends
and um he noticed [ __ ] I forgot my
cigarette and his friend was like yeah
okay and he's like okay well look let's
just walk back to my place we're not
that far we're just halfway there and as
they started
walking back to his father's place he
was like what the [ __ ] am I doing like
he got mad right he got super pissed off
and he got pissed off because he
realized look that pack of cigarettes is
controlling my life like I'm a human
being godamn it right he was he was
pissed off he was legit pissed off and
he was like started thinking about all
these things like he missed out on
because that pack of cigarettes was just
dragging him down he was always thinking
about it always making sure that that
it's there took away so much energy from
him and drained him so much and he was
like why am I walking back for this like
what is wrong with me and he got super
pissed off he told his friend look
ignore it [ __ ] it let's just go and they
started walking back to where where they
needed to go and he never smoked after
afterwards so he got pissed off like he
legitimately got super pissed off at
himself at the pack of cigarettes and
just said okay that's done that [ __ ]
thing is done he didn't do a 90-day
challenge he didn't do a 60 30day
challenge none of that like none of that
really works what happens when you try
to do a 30-day challenge like you're
doing a 30-day challenge because with a
day 31 you're like yeah I'm going to be
back to my to my drinking I'm going to
be back to partying and doing all these
things like I see guys do that 30-day
challenge because they know that on the
35th day there's going to be his best
friend's birthday so he can go
completely off the rails and just get
wasted right that's that's pretty much
like some people I'm not saying that
everybody but you're kind of
subconsciously thinking yeah I'm going
to go back to it anyway so let me me
just do a challenge right I mean look
that [ __ ] just doesn't work and I
remember myself and how I got to quit
alcohol going back to the topic was I
got pissed off off because I I just went
out one night standard night I just went
out I started with a couple of drinks my
social skills were zero back then a
couple of years ago like five six years
ago my only purpose to go to the bar was
just wasted and if I remember anything
that would be super cool right I I'll be
happy and I got wasted and not only that
I got wasted a little bit I actually got
completely smashed and I threw up I on
myself when I actually threw up on my
friend as well and he got he carried me
out and I was super embarrassed and I
was like destroyed like my my head hurt
I could barely remember things like
people were showing me pictures on the
phone like look what the [ __ ] you did it
was super [ __ ] embarrassing like
completely like not something that I was
like it was like just one level above
like what I would usually do because
usually I would get wasted I would kind
of find my way home and it would be fine
I would kind of forget about it people
would be telling me yeah it was a good
[ __ ] time good party bro like all
these things but this time I really took
it like one one level above right and I
got pissed off man I just got pissed off
I was like [ __ ] alcohol I'm never
doing this again never and it was really
like the the the glass was full and that
was just the final drop and I just got
pissed off and I told myself look this
[ __ ] has to [ __ ] go like I got super
I never get pissed off at anything
except myself and I got pissed stuff in
myself I told myself look this can't be
in your life anymore this has to change
and once I just pull that [ __ ]
trigger I I never even considered going
back to drinking it it just that simple
I just pulled the trigger I just said
[ __ ] it you know it's done and and my
life completely changed after that not
just because of that I mean at that
point I was already kind of working
towards something so I felt like this
[ __ ] was just holding me back man like
it was just all the embarrassment all
the anger all that I can I can live with
that somehow but I can't live with that
the fact that it's just holding me back
in the gym it's holding me back from
like being happy and just getting get
into a depression after you get wasted
you know can't get enough sleep like
people are [ __ ] like looking at you
like what what happen I mean I was just
like [ __ ] this this has to go so the
power what I'm talking about the concept
here is just get [ __ ] mad man like
you have to use that anger in the right
direction sometimes and that right
direction is against a bad habit and if
that bad habit is holding you back you
got to Nuke it you got to eliminate it
there's no way to move forward as I said
think about those anchors the more of
those anchors you have that are dragging
you down no matter how good your body is
how like analogy how well you can swim
you will still be dragged to the bottom
of the ocean even if you do improve it's
going to be so [ __ ] slow that you're
just missing out and you're going to
regret missing out on all that potential
and that's something I could not liveit
myself I could not limit myself that I
would allow something like a simple
substance like alcohol to hold me back
and ever since then I mean not just that
I'm sober but I'm actually not even
having an urge it's not even a fight
anymore I'm just like okay I just don't
drink I'm just the person who doesn't
drink I be I became a person who doesn't
drink who has that self image have that
new identity that I don't drink and I
never really enjoyed or I never really
enjoyed it in any way if I'm completely
honest it was just like a it was just
hiding in insecurity insecurity that I
was bad talking to people that I
couldn't communicate with people I
couldn't be free I couldn't express
myself and that alcohol was just helping
me inh like deal with that inhibition
and I just had to be real myself and
[ __ ] cut that out and really work on
it take the take the narrow road right
take the [ __ ] harder path and now on
I take the harder path pretty much got
rid of it forever and I'm happy that I
did because all my life completely
changed since then not just because of
that little thing but that's just one
thing and many things just put together
and they just create like momentum and
then you just change your life
completely so I hope you enjoy this
video I hope u a little bit of a
personal story and a couple of stories
that I shared with you resonate with you
and maybe you've heard about some of
this before maybe you've experienced
something similar so if you did leave me
a a comment below how that happened to
you or uh if that happened to one of
your friends I'm definitely interested
in hearing your ideas your thoughts so
leave it in the comments below if you
enjoy this video make sure to click
subscribe below and I'll see you guys in
the next video peace
[Music]