I have a new item to show you today that
I just found this is a meat grinder so
let's take a look at the box this is the
name of the company that makes this meat
grinder so let's go ahead and take a
look at it here is the meat grinder it
is a stainless steel and black plastic
design so it'll go with most kitchens
pretty simple let's see let's start with
some of the attachments these two
attachments are for making sausage and
these two other attachments are here
this determines the size of whatever
you're grinding this is how you can
remove it so we have our three different
size little things that determines the
size of the meat or whatever you're
grinding whatever size you want so it's
very easy to put together and take apart
this is the part that grinds the meat
it's kind of similar to a juicer and in
this part you push here and then that
comes off when you're going to need to
take all of this apart when you want to
clean it so that's the chute here where
the you put whatever you're going to
grind goes down here this is like a
little area where you can put the stuff
and kind of push it down into there this
is the pusher also very similar to what
you have an inducer so you put it
together you start with this
Pease lines up and then you turn it
until it clicks into place then let's
put that piece on that's the grinder
part of it yeah that way then this piece
goes on and I'm gonna go with the fine
the fine little filter here and then
this goes on and then that's you pusher
that goes there so you can push down on
to things I'm going to try grinding
carrots this actually can grind not only
just meat you can do vegetables and you
can do nuts so I'm going to try it out
on some carrots
[Music]
[Applause]
that did really good but look at that
see how nice that is
this is a nice really nicely ground-up
thing this is great when you need a dish
that you need it finely ground up but
you don't want to have it made into
juice yeah this did really really good
so you can see this would be great for
making all kinds of different things now
I'm going to make some nut butter I have
some peanuts let's try it out I have the
smallest most fine filter in here I want
this to be as fine as possible
[Music]
that was really fast let's take a look
and see how well it did yeah you make
peanut butter without oil or whatever
nuts you put in there you make that nut
butter and you see how fast it was so
that's the main reason I got this is
because this is really really good this
machine is really good at doing nut
butters and I am going to grind up some
chicken so let's see how it works now
I'm going to try it on the medium filter
[Music]
okay yeah that's really doesn't a little
little pieces like that
this is good if you want to definitely
want to mix your own blends of stuff I
think ideally for this for the cats I'd
probably want to mix in some fish so
they can have a a flavor of different
things but it definitely worked through
this chicken and that skin it's kind of
hard to break down because it's just not
easy so that did really good on that so
overall I'm very happy I got the meat
grinder the main reason was to make nut
butters and I wanted to be able to make
nut butters that were healthy that is
not adding oil to it I also was very
happy how well it ground up the the
carrots so even though I wasn't planning
on using it for that I can definitely
use it for grinding up different
vegetables and if you have a pet you
want to make custom pet food then that's
perfect for this as well and if you are
a meat-eater then this is perfect for
making sausage and your own custom
hamburgers and whatever kind of things
you want to make it does a pretty good
job it's fairly inexpensive it's better
than a hand crank one which can be
tiring so I would say the only real
negative thing that I'd have to say
about this is this thing is really loud
I have a juicer that's kind of similar
to this but it's designed to juice and
not grind meat that's very quiet but
this this is a very loud machine so if
you're running it you don't want to run
at night or in the morning when people
are sleeping so that's the negative
thing I got to say about it but the
positive
is that it does a good job and it's very
inexpensive so suits what I want it to
do so I'm glad I got it if you liked
this video feel free to hit subscribe
and let me know your thoughts in the
comments bye
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]