hey guys it's Danny and if you are as
excited about fall food as I am you are
going to love today's salad it is a
fresh Autumn salad highlighting broccoli
and apples and it couldn't be any easier
to make here's all you got to do we're
going to start by making our dressing
which is a nice rich thick creamy
dressing now most often people will make
this using all Mayo but what I like to
do to lighten it up is use 3/4 cup of a
plain Greek yogurt I'm using 2% and then
I add in just 1/4 cup of
mayo you could certainly do all Greek
yogurt but I do find that a little bit
of mayo adds a nice flavor then I've got
2 tbspoon of apple cider vinegar two
teaspoons of Honey pinch of salt and a
pinch of pepper whisk everything
together until all those flavors have
combined and you have this nice rich
thick creamy but pourable salad dress in
now for my salad it couldn't be any
easier we're going to start with four
cups of broccoli fettes so all I'm doing
is chopping the little fettes off the
top of the broccoli and leaving the
stems behind but make sure that you
don't throw the stems in the garbage
because they are delicious chopped up
and tossed into salads sometimes we will
cut them up saut√© them and eat them with
our eggs or if you want to get really
fancy you can make my broccol stem soup
then I'm going to add in some shredded
carrots just take a car carot and peel
it with a potato peeler into nice short
fat strands 13 of a cup of finely diced
red onion this is going to add a little
bit of sweetness and a great crunchy
texture to the salad two large apples
chopped up a half a cup of sunflower
seeds and 1/3 of a cup of dried tart
cherries now what I like to do to make
the cherries go a long way is cut them
up with my scissor so you get little
pieces of cherries and you don't need as
many they have a big bright burst of
flavor and a little goes a long way once
I have all my ingredients in the bowl
I'm going to drizzle the dressing over
the
top and then gently stir this and start
to work all the ingredients together
what you want here is for everything to
have a nice light coating of the
dressing and for all the veggies and the
fruit and the seeds to be distributed
evenly throughout the salad and remember
guys what grows together goes together
just like apples and broccoli anything
that grows in the same season is going
to taste taste great together and that's
just a great tip to keep in your pocket
when you're trying to eat better and you
still want to keep things Super Fresh
and super delicious working with the
seasons is always going to work in your
favor now what I like to do with this
salad is serve it along dinner it's
delicious with some grilled or baked
salmon I also like packing it up for
lunch with a little bit of grilled
chicken and it will last you in the
fridge a good 3 to 5
days m this salad has so much flavor and
so many different textures all paired
together with the tart cherry and that
creamy dressing this salad is a party in
your mouth you guys have got to try this
one now if you guys like this recipe and
want more fall recipes just like this
one be sure you give me a big thumbs up
and then comment down into the comments
below and let me know what you think and
if you want to print this recipe head on
over to clean and delicious.com thank
you so much for watching I'm Danny spe
I'll see you back here next time with
some more clean and deliciousness
cheers hey guys it's Danny and if you
are as excited
as hey guys it's Danny now what the I'm
like Mr Rogers over here it's like a
little party in your mouth now I forgot
what I was going to say hey guys it's
Danny and let me say let me say over the
top just to bulk it up
um I'm losing my mind and it could not
be any easier what what that hey guys
here we go