[Music]
hi guys welcome back to my channel today
I want to share with you guys how I make
pozole
but sana is a very traditional on soup
made out of harmonies and pork so if you
guys want to learn how to make it stay
tuned and I'll show you how all righty
you guys so let's get started with that
ingredients so what we're gonna use
right here it's 5 pounds of the
country-style loin ribs um a lot of
people use neck bones in the arches
regular pork loin that's just totally up
to you but this is what I'm gonna use
for my posole and then I'm also gonna
need one full onion two bay leaves and
about nine garlic's and of course salt
and that's gonna be up to um to do our
army you're also gonna need one can of
this hominy and this is just a big can
and then for our chili we're gonna need
about 20 of the Chile Colorado or Chile
guajillo and then we're also gonna need
about five to seven chile de Ã¡rbol and
then three chili Papias in these are
just kind of like the wrinkle um we're
also gonna need three garlic's
one of these um toggle the boil little
square and then about half an onion and
then have a spoon of oregano and have a
spoon of cumin and of course salt and
then for our toppings for the pasola you
can use cabbage and on some of this what
is it our radish or reddish radishes
yeah and then some lemons of course
already you guys know the first thing
I'm gonna start doing it I'm cleaning up
my
my rig I'm just gonna and then I'm just
gonna cut them in half and then putting
them on the plot and I'm gonna put your
let the pot with water so that guess our
boiling I mean
[Music]
before we fill them up with water
[Music]
[Music]
so now I'm just gonna add the whole
onion
all the garlic
that's the Bailey's
and then some salt that's all you guys
it's going to be optimal
I just eyeball it so there's so much
water I'm just gonna fill up my pot it
would have wasteful and then we're gonna
put it in the oven and I'm just gonna
leave it in there you guys for like
around and now we're gonna have because
he takes a very long time to cook to
cook so while we're doing that we're
just going to start working on our
cheese
all righty right and what I mean by
working on the chillest is that um I'm
gonna dupatta
are ya take all the seeds out out of
this chili and start putting them into a
pot so we can boil them all together so
this is what do you mean you guys by I'm
taking out the seeds I just open that
take out the little scheme and then just
start opening them and take out the all
the seeds and the insights I mean we
want it spicy but not that spicy and I
prefer to mention you guys if you guys
don't whiten this to be very spicy you
don't have to add the UM this does
pepper the chile de arbol
so you can keep them out if you don't
want it to be that spicy because this
one's five I'm Sol they're really spicy
so you at least it's gonna make it
spicier so all I'm gonna boil is the
chili so all these chilies that's what
I'm gonna put in the pot and um start
boiling it the rest is just when we
start mixing it all our spices and
everything else we're gonna add it
alrighty so now we're just gonna leave
our chili on the stove and I have it set
on high and that you guys are gonna take
about 30 minutes to um just to have our
chilies nice and soft so we're just
gonna wait for that in this recipe you
guys it's very easy it is time-consuming
that's the only problem with it but
other than that it's very easy so we'll
just have to wait for our meat and
actually less to be ready and yep so
we'll just wait all righty you guys so
it's been 30 minutes or
so Archana is good fun and I need it's
looking like that so now I'm just gonna
start we can that cheater so we're just
gonna blend it all so I just filled it
up with water and then I'm just gonna
add the garlic's the three garlic's the
piece of onion and the little cube of um
chicken flavor we're also going to add
our oregano and then half a spoon of
cumin and of course let's not forget our
salt I'm just gonna use one spoon for
now and then just kind of like taste it
afterwards because I style you can
always add it afterwards
in a mixer blender
[Music]
ready so now I'm gonna do it and um I'm
gonna use this pot and put a little bit
of oil and then I'm gonna start throw-in
my um my chili but I'm gonna use this so
it uh it on it separates like the pull
that that chili create it so I'm just
gonna use that maybe
we care for each other
let's start dropping there and I have it
set on low you guys so like that are
chili dogs don't burn but the reason for
this is so that you can get all the
flavor from the spices that we add it in
there so he brings all the flavors out
you see how it has all the thickness
click the mullet chili yeah we're gonna
separate it from our juice just so that
we can have a really liquidy consistency
from the chicken from the chili so as
you can see I don't want to add that
into my porcelain
[Music]
so now I'm just gonna add a little bit
of my broth from them from my meat into
here so that we can get all the leftover
chili just a little bit of that now
we're just gonna let it boil and the
chilies are very good you guys so I
don't have to add any salt so that's
pretty good for me for my lanky and it
is perfect so I'm just gonna check on my
meat and I I moved it from this side to
this side so that I can have you guys
closer over there so it's been about an
hour that our meat has been cooking
do it sometime so while we wait for that
you guys we can start um working on her
nickels over here all right you guys so
while that's cooking over there we can
start working out on our harmonies so
I'm just gonna throw them in here when
our meat starts getting a little bit
softer
[Music]
customer feedback and then I'll be right
back
well archila it's already done you can
see stars it's already blowing then I
turn it off so good all right you guys
so it's been already about 30 minutes so
our meat has been cooking already for
like an hour and a half so what we're
gonna do is as you can see the meats
already very tender and it falls apart
so we are gonna add our harmonies are
clean and washed harmonies we're just
gonna add them in here so they can start
cooking be careful
now we're just gonna let them sit there
for like we're just gonna let them cook
for like 20 minutes or until they get a
little bit soft so and then after that
we can add our chili and right now you
guys you can taste it receive your your
yours do need some water
and right now you guys you guys can't
taste it and then see the salt is okay
to your liking
so for me it's perfect so I'm just gonna
leave babs it is and then just let it
cook let the harmonies cook I think you
guys you guys can also take out the
leaves in it the onion and everything
that we added or you can just leave it
in there and surprise whoever gets it
I'm just kidding but no you guys can't
um take them out or just leave him in
there it's totally optional I mean the
garlic's I will take it out though
because I mean you don't want them to
buy into a big ol piece of garlic
thinking back to one of these little
gonna need those you can do that if you
like but I'm just gonna leave it there
and then let them cook already here so
it's been already about 20 minutes and
our harmonies are good they're soft and
everything's looking good so now I'm
just gonna add that
we're gonna add our cheating here gonna
mix it and then I'm just gonna lower
them the temperature in medium and then
just let it kind of simmer a little bit
so I'm just gonna taste it for the salt
and tastes so good it's super good you
guys are gonna love it you guys never
trip with solder it seriously so
delicious so good
mmm you can just eat it out of the pot
like that we thought any limit or
anything it's so good now we're just
gonna let it simmer in there
so let's do that in in it's almost done
you guys I told you it's very easy it's
time-consuming but very very easy so
I'll be right back you guys all right so
it's already been about 15 minutes so
I'm just gonna turn it off and it's
ready finally after two hours finally we
have our delicious porcelain as you can
see it looks so good
so let's serve it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and there you have it you guys up some
lemon on that there you have it super
easy and delicious posole time-consuming
but it's worth it
it's so good especially perfect for this
time of year and let's take a moment
delicious you guys you get top it with
whatever you want you can also add
avocado do you like I don't like I will
kind of mine mine but this is just how I
like it
and then I like to eat it with those
thatha's but you can always eat it with
with tortillas or whatever whatever it
is are you light or just by itself like
that it's just delicious
alrighty you guys thank you so much for
watching I hope you give this recipe a
try and if you did please don't forget
to let me know down below how it went
for you also if you make this recipe I
mean maybe you do it different just let
me know as well I hope you like it
and yeah you guys thank you so much for
everything thank you so much for the
continuous love and support you guys
mean a lot to me I'm beyond thankful you
guys I don't I just don't have the words
but thank you so much for joining me and
these easy and delicious recipe yeah
don't forget to give me a thumbs up if
you enjoy it um let me down let me know
down below what you think your thoughts
anything and subscribe if you have it um
thank you and I hope you guys have all a
very Merry Merry Christmas yeah this
recipe is perfect for Christmas as well
so I hope you give it a try thank you
once again
and I'll see you next time
[Music]
yeah actually you make it it's hot dory
[Music]