an Aussie favourite pavlova is prized
for its crisp meringue and soft
marshmallow a center preheat the oven to
150 degrees Celsius draw a 20 centimeter
disc onto a piece of non-stick baking
paper and turn the paper ink side down
onto a large baking tray use an electric
beater to beat 6 egg whites at room
temperature in a clean dry bowl until
firm peaks form be careful not to over
beat the egg whites as the meringue is
likely to collapse during baking if the
egg white starts to separate or looks
curdled it is over beaten and you will
need to start again with fresh egg
whites gradually add one and a half cups
of caster sugar one tablespoon at a time
beating constantly until the sugar
dissolves and the mixture is thick and
glossy add 3 teaspoons of corn flour 2
teaspoons of white vinegar and 1
teaspoon of vanilla essence and beat
until just combined spoon the meringue
mixture onto the disk and use a flat
bladed knife to shape the meringue and
make furrows bake in the preheated oven
for 10 minutes reduce oven temperature
to 110 degrees Celsius bake for a
further 1 hour or until the meringue is
crisp and dry turn the oven off leave
the meringue in the oven with the door
closed to cool completely use a balloon
whisk to whisk one and a half cups of
thickened cream in a medium bowl until
firm peaks form spread the cream over
the top of the pavlova topped with two
peeled and thinly sliced mangoes and one
thinly sliced banana drizzle over the
pulp with four passion fruit serve
immediately