[Music]
hello everyone this is Jack in this
video I'm covering six herbs you can
grow from a cutting so let's get started
6 herbs I'm going to cover our number 1
basil basil is one of the most used
herbs number two mint mint is great for
drinks such as lemonade and teeth number
three rosemary rosemary is a very Hardy
herb and grows well in most climates
number four oregano oregano has
medicinal properties and also has a very
strong flavor so you use very carefully
in cooking number five sage sage is
frost tolerant and survives winter well
number six time time is also frost
tolerant and grows like a perennial in
most climates now let's cover
propagating each one of these herbs from
cutting to grow basil from a cutting
simply remove all the lower leaves place
the basil cutting in water if your water
is heavily chlorinated use filtered
water for all cuttings after two weeks
the basil cutting will develop roots
transfer the newly rooted basil cutting
to a part or plant in your garden the
process is same for mint remove the
lower leaves and make sure any cutting
of stem you use does not have flowers or
seeds after placing the main stem in
water the stem will develop roots simply
plant the rooted cutting in pot or your
garden mint grows like a weed so be
careful when planting mint in your
garden only plant mint in a confined
area such as a raised bed up close the
mint leaves look really healthy rosemary
will grow from occurring as well when
choosing a stem make sure the stem is
not woody the stem must have green color
remove all the lower leaves place the
cutting of rosemary stem in water place
all the cuttings next to a window that
receives Sun rosemary leaves might look
like needles but upon closer inspection
they are in fact loose even in water the
stem will start to grow near leaves
after the rosemary cutting develop roots
simply plant in parts or in your garden
oregano also roots very easily in water
however it does take a little longer for
oregano to develop roots like earlier
simply remove lower leaves the stem
should have only two to three sets of
leaves
the bottom part of the stem at 45 degree
angle and place the stem in water
oregano develops roots in about four
weeks simply plant the newly rooted
cutting in parts of your choice
[Music]
sage takes time to develop roots as well
sage leaves have a little hook at the
end to prevent water loss sage and
rosemary are drought tolerant herbs they
do not require a lot of water
after removing lower leaves cut the sage
at 45-degree angle as well sage also
takes about a month to grow roots simply
plant the newly rooted cutting in parts
of your choice while selecting a stem
for time avoid overly brown stems choose
a stem that is greener in color remove
all the lower leaves and cut the stem at
45-degree angle removing the brown part
of the stem completely place the stem in
water when the stem develop roots plant
the newly rooted stem in the part of
your choice as well fewers that don't
grow well from occurring or don't grow
at all from cutting is cilantro dill and
parsley I made a video on how to grow
cilantro and dill from seeds so check
that video if you're interested and I'll
see you another video
[Music]