super excited to share this recipe with
you guys you can make it in super large
batches and just hold it really
indefinitely I mean it lasts as long as
all these individual ingredients L okay
so we're going to start with one cup of
cocoa powder I prefer to use really high
quality cocoa because there's only a few
ingredients in here you can't really
hide behind anything
cheap remember the product is always the
most important part okay come in with
half cup cornstarch now and that's going
to be our binder and thickening agent
for this whole thing so we don't need
eggs like some pudding mixes this is a
lot
easier next we're going to go half2 cup
non-fat milk powder this is going to add
a little bit of richness to the product
and last but not least we're going to
add our confectioner
sugar confectioner sugar is not only
very finely ground sugar it also has a
touch of cornstarch in it this is to
prevent the sugar from clumping if you
try to do this at home it'd be a sticky
mess after a couple
days so last but not not least we're
going to come in with a little bit of
kosher salt remember salt makes things
taste more like itself so if you omit
this I promise you it will not taste as
good sometimes that seems a little weird
in sweet dishes for some people but
trust me on this one
okay you're going to want to get in here
with a whisk and really give it a good
stir you're not going to mix everything
totally thoroughly with just a whisk so
I'm going to ask you to use a strainer
over a big bowl and this as you can see
this is really going to mix everything
that you might have missed and there's
two other purposes for this it air rates
it which makes it a lot lighter in
texture so it's easier to scoop when you
are ready to use it and it sifts through
any of The Unwanted stuff so just tap
your hand really lightly against the
side of the
Sie and as you can see already there's
kind of these big chunks forming now if
we didn't use this Sie it would be stuck
in our mix so you would get big chunks
of corn starch big chunks of Coco what
have you and all those things would be
stuck in our pudding which would make it
lumpy in the end so right at the end
here you can see there's two ways of
getting this stuff through now you can
use a whisk you can use a spoon
something like this I'm doing this to
show you but really I like to get in
there with my
hands ah screw it let's get in there
with the hands there we go this is my
style of cooking guys and even after I
do all that there's still some stuff
left over we can just toss
that and there you have it just give it
one final mix to make sure everything's
dispersed throughout put in your
favorite container and you just made
homemade pudding mix