[Music]
[Applause]
all right guys today is the day this
this beauty behind me I'm finally going
to attempt in refinishing it I have
never refinished come on lady I have
never refinished any kind of Furniture
before um I have done the cabinets in my
office um if you would Beed interest in
seeing that I'll link that above what I
plan on doing to this table and I'm
going to insert some um I guess some
inspiration on what I want to do with it
so I'll just put all that right around
here and what I'm pretty much going to
do um is I do have some paint um I'm
going to be painting the bottom as you
seen in the pictures I'm going to be
staining the top and the stain that I am
using is by General Finishes um it's
what I used to stain the cabinets in my
office um this stuff like stretches such
a long way it's probably going to be um
more than a one day project um I'm just
kind of excited I wanted to get this
done before
Thanksgiving so we shall see I'm going
to stain I think first or I'm just going
to go ahead and sand yeah okay I'm going
to sand first I'm going to sand the base
and then I'm going to stand the top
stain the top and I'm going to
do that
first we shall see how that goes so
let's get
[Music]
started uhoh L A best but I oh I I got
stamina oh R I close my eyes will oh I
got coming on I
see I coming on I need
another
up don't
up don't give
up I'm to isight
[Music]
okay it's day
two obviously you can tell i' done quite
a bit of work on the table yesterday you
can still see see a bunch of brush lines
I am not going back on top with another
coat of the white it's been a long
process um because what I'm going to do
today is I'm going to sand down the
edges and just to stress it a little bit
and I'm going to put a little bit of the
stain that I used on top and just sort
of rough it up so it's not so white I
didn't want it so white I did want it a
little distressed looking I am a little
nervous about that I've never done it
before I just know on these like really
hard surfaces like the corners and stuff
like that I did want some of the dark
stain shining through and while that's
drying um I'm going to go ahead and
start on the bench which will be a lot
easier than the table because it's
significantly smaller and the chairs
won't be as hard because they'll be just
solid white and I won't have to worry
about doing separate stain and and paint
it is
11:30 at night um did want to check in
with you guys guys I have been working
on this
since this is day two tomorrow will be
day
three um so let me get away from it
because it's it's a tad bit strong I did
open windows up let me walk over
here I am dead tired I have literally
been working on
this for the past two days and the table
and the bench are done I just put on the
top coat of the polyurethane I'm only
going to do it on the stained part
um just because I don't think the rest
of it needs it um tomorrow I will be
painting the chairs I'm going to get up
early in the morning and take them all
outside um
because thank God for my husband he went
and picked me up a spray gun so I did
paint one
chair I started painting one chair I'm
going to show you what the chair looks
like um started painting one chair and I
was like I cannot do this for the rest
of these chairs my back's killing me my
butt was hurting my knees are killing me
like cuz I was you know like kneel down
I had like my knees on the floor why I
didn't have something underneath my
knees I will never know because our
floors are hardwood floors and they are
hard wood okay but I did want to show
you the finished product of the table
and the bench um the chairs will come
later this is what one coat of the paint
looks like it did look like that on the
table but I ended up doing five coats on
the table and it's just really hard to
do five coats on all of this detail work
so that's where the spray is going to
come in handy but here is the table and
the bench as you can see I did add some
of the little detailed places sorry if
you can hear the dishwash wash are
going that little distressing was a lot
harder than it looks and I looked up
quite a bit
of like tutorials
and things on it but it was a lot harder
than it looked I ended up painting over
some of the spots with white paint but
that's
done
so yes I will be inserting some footage
after this but hope you guys have a
beautiful and blessed day and thanks for
[Music]
watching what you came for lightning
stes every time she
mov and everybody's watching her but
she's looking
[Music]
[Music]
oh