all right folks Tommy cow with the real
alien Tom back with you from outer space
and today we're in the backyard trying
to dress up a bird feeder you know I've
always wanted one of these bottle
trees and was a really boring post I had
that squirrel prooof uh bird feeder on
it and it really works great when that
thing's cranked up it's solar powered
but was kind of boring so I wanted to
make a Bottle Tree just to explain a
little bit about the history of the
Bottle Tree it does come from Africa it
goes dates back to the 9th century but
it was introduced in the United States
uh from the slave trade Mississippi
Delta you started seeing these things
pop up everywhere and the history says
that uh in Africa uh the tribesman
people used to put the bottles around
pretty colored bottles around the grave
sites of their loved ones and it would
ward off evil spirits or that the uh
evil spirits would go up into the bottle
and be trapped and they've become real
popular I love that cobalt blue those
are budlike botttles um I'm just kind of
taking a break right now cuz there's a
rain delay on the Daytona 500 so I
decided to come out here and knock this
out basically what I did was took these
dowels
um uh cut them into 12 in lengths that's
a/2 in half in drill and just put that
45Â° angle on that and then um I'm
recycling some signs these are political
signs um a local politician I was trying
to promote in my front yard he just gave
me too many I had so much of this wire
from those signs I drilled some uh
really 5/8 inch holes uh actually
they're not 5/8 they're yeah they're
about 5/8 uh to accommodate this and
then I'm wrapping that
around some of those so I'll continue to
do that and then looks like I got to
make a beer run here U get some more of
these bottles but hey that's a Bottle
Tree and uh I kind of like it I wish I
could get some red bottles maybe even
some green bottles but basically that's
what I've done I hope you like it give
you some ideas of making a Bottle Tree
of your own um and anyway the B the base
I tried to put an old hollowed out tree
down around that you know and that was
kind of looking cool but anyway look hey
it's springtime things are starting to
sprout here look at this we got the
Linton
roses check it out right here in
February and they are blooming that's
Linton Rose and that's just loaded they
just started to bloom just now this is
another type of Linton rose that uh
Ellen Ashley gave me and they're more
like a really cool color see this
Bloom that's it nothing fancy you know
that's that winter color kind of an
antiquey look and they're blooming now I
just can't wait for spring to hit all
right hope you guys enjoyed the video
and we go here and take a look at some
of the Bonsai action the next video I'm
going to be doing is digging some Bonsai
material here's the plant material I dug
last year and kept them in these
training pots so red bud some crepe
murders these are beach trees and
they're starting to Bud as you can see
the swelling of the buds on those here's
some large CRP murders I'll be uh
cutting that I'll be doing a a cut a
major cut on these um asz you can see
the navari down there that's what I was
after with these guys right here these
crat murders anyway pot man you want to
say hello no okay well that's the Bottle
Tree and hope everybody's having a great
one I'm going to get back to the race
y'all have a great one Tommy cowt
signing out