in this video we'll demonstrate how to
heat and custom fit an upper extremity
brace from the exos bracing system for
the purposes of this demonstration we'll
use the boxer's fractured brace but the
heating and fitting process is similar
for all of the exos reformable removable
braces be sure to review the printed
fitting instructions for the specific
exos brace you'll be applying to begin
loosen the brace by lifting the boa knob
into the unlocked position use the pull
tab to simultaneously release both
cables to their full extent note that
pulling only one cable may result in
real malfunction to tighten push the
knob down until it clicks and turn
clockwise use the pull tab to evenly
remove slack from the cable while
tightening to micro adjust the tension
lift the knob to unlock the cable and
retighten as desired the knob must be in
the down locked position when wearing
the brace the brace is equipped with a
velcro type release tab that allows the
brace to open more fully rethread the
cable into the hook Loop closure when
tightening the brace on the arm like so
to heat the brace fully extend the cable
open the brace completely and place it
in the
x07 there's no need to preheat the oven
and use of other ovens is not
recommended
the proper heating temperature is 200° F
or 93° C follow the heating and
operation instructions posted on the x07
the brace will be properly heated in
about 5 minutes but can be safely heated
for up to 15 minutes while the patient
is being prepared avoid heating the
brace for more than 15
minutes the boxer's fracture brace is
long enough to extend past the fingers
of most patients for protection you can
shorten the brace to accommodate various
finger lengths or to mobilize the
fingers to determine if the finger
length should be shortened lay the hand
along the brace aligning the wrist and
fingers like so typically an eighth to
a/4 inch of length will be lost when the
brace is formed if the excess length
exceeds a/4 inch the brace may be cut to
length with scissors when warm cast
shears are often dull and don't work
well exos Edge tape can be used used to
cover the cut edges on subsequent office
visits the brace can be shortened and
remolded to a different angle for
increased Mobility as healing progresses
remove the brace from the oven it should
be pliable and comfortably warm to the
touch move quickly so you have enough
time to properly mold the 70° angle open
fully and slide it on the arm until the
base of the CMC joint or thumb is even
with the brace
opening push the boa knob down and
tighten it just enough to remove the
slack draw the overlapping edges around
the wrist and arm do not tighten the
brace fully with the boa reel when it's
warm use your hands to form and compress
the brace properly tightening the boa
reel while the brace is still warm will
result in uneven forming and wrinkles
you want to ensure that the overlap is
smooth that there are no folds
underneath and that the edges of the
overlap are lined evenly so the brace is
not Twisted on the arm finally position
it by lifting the velcro type Tab and
securing it to the brace as desired over
the fourth or fifth
metacarpal use your thumb and
forefingers to simultaneously reduce and
hold the fracture while cocking the
wrist mold the finger portion around the
fourth and fifth fingers and align as
desired to support the fingers and
metacarpal bones as the brace cools and
begins to harden the boa reel may be
tightened
incrementally continue the hand forming
process for about four to 5 minutes
until the brace is fully hardened once
the brace is hardened the boa reel may
be tightened as desired note that the
brace should not be worn too tightly
allow for some space between the brace
and the arm to avoid sheer forces to the
skin adjust the thumb strap position so
the webbing section is Comfortably snug
but not tight to reduce motion and
stabilize the wrist you can also remove
the brace from the patient and use a
hair dryer to heat small areas and edges
to adjust the fit the brace may be
reheated and remolded as needed please
refer to the fitting instructions
included with each exost brace for a
proper custom fit visit DJ global.com
for more information