hey what's up guys magic for you here
today and today I'm doing something very
different uh today I have this um yo-yo
yoyo with me um and I'm not doing magic
I'm doing some few tips and tricks with
a yo-yo uh for beginners obviously um
I'm not the best with a yo-yo I don't do
like wow amazing tricks I know a few you
know like small ones you know that
beginners learn and stuff like that but
now we're just going to look on look at
how to put put on a yoyo many people
would just take
this like that and then just put it on
obviously that's a bit too small for me
so what we do if you can see we're just
going to uh do
something like this I'm not sure what
this is called like a KN or something
there we go uh this is like an
adjustable uh thingy not
maybe so we put it on I've got this
plaster because I hate the string it it
like um digs into my skin and it's
really annoying and then you just adjust
it uh whatever like um how you want to I
I would recommend using a middle finger
um it's it's obviously much better it
feels much better on your M finger than
your on your index many people go for
the index
but um as you can see on the string I
have it going backwards in this
direction you can't have that because
you can't do tricks many people when
they start off yoyo they go like this
see now that's perfectly okay but it's
not good for tricks not good um so now I
have it on the top like this
yeah uh how to start off yo-yo first of
all you hold the yo-yo like
this then you just Chuck it
down
like
this and then to get it back up do this
now many um cheap Yos would just go back
all by themselves but this spins on the
ground by
itself um which uh is good because I can
do tricks like walk the dog and stuff
like that if you have a yo-yo and you
have to wind it up but uh you don't want
to find it up play that because uh the
string gets Tangled then uh this is a
bit tricky you hold the Y like this and
with your uh thumb you have to like go
like that to the string and then you do
that and then it should wind itself up
if you just gently push it off like this
and and it should wind itself up after a
few of
these now I have a um on the bottom so
I'm going to do this once move it to the
top like that now if you do this it's
not good for tricks because it doesn't
um spin very
fast see and it doesn't go all the way
to the Top If you hold it down to the
bottom but if you do
this if I just wait a few seconds do
that it goes to the top automatically
much better way of uh doing it like that
see much
easier much much easier so just practice
doing that for uh a few times you know
just get used to it um and that's the
tips done we're going to move on to some
little tricks um obviously not big
tricks because big tricks aren't for be
beginners and I don't really know any
pig tricks but we're just going to start
off with a very very simple one walk the
dog so you um what I do I hold obviously
the like this I I when I throw I throw
it a bit forward so then it swings back
and then when I walk the dog it goes all
by itself
so and
then if you let it uh what I mean is if
you let it run for a
bit um you just like there you put it up
it won't go all way to the top that's
the same if you walk the dog for too
long um it will lose its uh spin power
and then it won't go all the way to the
top but this is a very very simple trick
but uh yeah this is an easy trick um
another
trick um I'm I'm just going to show it
without spinning the
um yo-yo it's called Uh Rock the Baby
Rocka baby or something like that so
basically you get the string when it's
spinning so you're obviously going to do
that so it's spinning just imagine it's
spinning yeah and then you're going to
grab it about um one no about like a
half of the string like that with your
index maybe no like I don't know a third
make just almost a half then you grab
and you swing around grab this with your
thumb and index finger you open this up
and you just do that swing
it um let me just show it when you
actually do spin it okay so you go like
that grab it there there and you can
just adjust it and then you can just do
that try not to hit the side then you
pull it up um my last and final trick is
going to be the forward pass it's when
you do this you pass it Forward not sure
if that look good on the camera so yeah
uh you hold basically um the yo-yo uh
like this normally but then you turn
your hand upside down then you throw it
um throw it and then let go you go like
that and then you push your hand back
which will push the yyo
back just like that and you can do it um
even if it's not on the top if it's at
the bottom as well so if it's like this
at the bottom you can do it uh like that
as well see this is a pretty easy trick
um so thank you guys for watching and if
you want a number two on this like some
just a little bit bigger tricks Maybe
like
this not sure if you saw that on camera
um so that was an okay trick like that
um if you want to maybe see how to do
that and stuff like that then comment
like you know just tell me what you want
guys cuz I'm not really sure if you want
magic and this stuff but um thank you
again for watching and I will see you
next
time bye
[Music]