hi everybody today I'm going to share
with you how to make delicious creamy
vanilla cashew milk this is a really
easy recipe and it's a nice alternative
or a nice change from almond milk or
coconut milk I love cashews because like
most nuts they're rich in healthy fat
76% of which is oleic acid which is a
heart healthy monounsaturated fat and
they're also really rich in magnesium
which makes them overall great for our
cardiovascular
system so for the cashew milk you'll
need one cup of soaked cashew so to
begin add about 3/4 of a cup of raw
cashews to a bowl and soak in water for
about 4 to 6 hours or overnight you'll
know they're ready when they're soft and
plump and have expanded to make one
cup you'll also need two mle dates I
like to soak them in some warm water for
just a couple of minutes before I blend
them you'll also need half a teaspoon of
vanilla and a dash of salt right now I'm
enjoying this Celtic Sea salt here
next you can add your soaked cashews
into your blender and then you'll need
four cups of filtered
water and then you can add in your dates
add in your pinch of salt and blend on
high for about a minute until it's
really
smooth I actually forgot to show in this
video that it'll blend a little bit
better if you add half the water first
blend and then add the rest of the water
but it's all good it doesn't really
matter either
way once you've Blended on high for
about a minute or so you can make it
extra Smooth by pouring the milk into a
cheesecloth and straining it through
this is optional you don't really have
to do this I don't often do this with
cashew milk just because it generally
Blends really smooth in the blender on
its own but this is just a nice way to
get it extra smooth and um get out any
[Music]
grittiness once you're done you can
transfer your milk into your container
of choice I love using mason jars for
most things so this is 500 ml that it
made I just love cashew milk especially
with the dates and the vanilla it's
really nice to drink on its own you
could even add a little bit of cinnamon
to this if you wanted to it's great
added to smoothies you can add it to all
sorts of different recipes this cashew
milk will store in the fridge for about
5 days but I usually finish it before
then so that's it for today guys I
really hope you enjoy this recipe and
give it a try let me know what your
favorite Dairy free milks are and I will
see you in my next video bye