hey everybody I said on the uh this is
uh cranky Buzzard Charlie I said last
night on the um Forum that I'd be more
than willing to do a uh basically a
how-to how to go about sharpening the
grinder blades and Tru up the plates and
I've got the perfect uh project to do
that with I picked up a little Kitchener
number 12 grinder at a garage sale you
guys are going to send me a hate mail
for this but I got the uh grinder itself
three plates in a cutter for uh five
bucks not a bad deal but not sure if you
can really see it on this blade if I
turn it back and forth but you can see
that this blade definitely has not run
true there's shiny spots and then
there's other spots where it's not so
shiny it's got the original Factory
grind marks on there which is telling me
that it's not not true also looks like
they used this big plate most of the
time and again I'll turn it and you'll
see that there's a definite ring on
there and that again is showing and
telling me that either the plate or the
cutter itself isn't true isn't crewed up
um wanted to go ahead and start off with
this video and show y'all what I'm going
to do here and how I'm going to prep
these before I do the actual sharpening
and then the second video will be the
sharpening what I want to do is uh first
thing you want to do make sure that
everything is nice and flat is get you a
Sharpie get a Sharpie and I know some of
you guys are going no no no I'm not
going to put that toxic stuff on my
plate plate but if you're a good sausage
maker you're going to make sure that
your uh plate is more than um sterilized
before you do any type of grinding or
any type of work with it so again all
I'm doing is coloring this in and the
reason I'm doing that is once we get
this on the paper and we start TR it up
as we start sanding it off in a circular
motion we pick it up and look at it
that'll tell us real quick if we're true
flat or not and it'll tell us when we
get down to true flatness I'll do the
same thing with the um cutter Blade Take
same Sharpie and on the uh blade portion
itself I'm just going to run it right
across there real quick and then when we
go to sharpening here in a few minutes
I'll look and see which one of these is
not true and which one of those is true
and I'll go aad and tell youall now I'm
not a videographer I'm a sausage maker
beer maker and knife maker but uh we'll
see if we can make this work all right
we'll go to number two see yall in a few
minutes