that's what makes my channel so this
video I'm gonna be showing you how to do
another macrame project I'm not really
feeling too great this morning so if I
don't sound like myself but in this
intro I'm so sorry I'm just I'm not
feeling very good and I've already
filmed this intro once but when I did it
like there was it was dark outside and
it just looked absolutely horrendous so
i i've already made the piece which is
something I've never done before in an
intro so I'm just gonna go ahead and
show you what it's gonna look like and
everything that you're gonna need for
the piece so here we go as usual you're
gonna need something to hang it on and
for this piece in particular I chose a
curtain rod so this is what its gonna
look like curtain rod it's a 28 by 48
inch I got it at Dollar General for five
bucks so go get you one it's really
really nice and dark one I chose it just
because it looked a little bit more
decorative and it was already dark so I
wouldn't have to stain it I'm sweatin I
think I've got a fever I'm and it's for
my cousin for her birthday and so that's
why I kind of wanted to be a little bit
more decorative I've got flowers that
she can put on it if she wants to but I
put a little s in here as you can see
and I made it like little fringe out at
the bottom because some of the pieces
got real short so that's what the piece
is gonna look like and that's how big it
is like compared to my head so yeah
you're just gonna need something to hang
it on you're gonna need you some
scissors as usual make sure you cut in
the rope if you want to hang it up on
the wall what I do is I put a little
push pin in it no shame no shame and I
just take a piece of string tied to the
rod and hang it up on the push pin and
that's how I do my piece and you're
gonna need some room I finally found
some cotton rope at Hobby Lobby this
rope was $5.99 but it was a hundred
percent cotton rope so it was gonna
unravel and do this little fringe that I
absolutely love and I think it totally
made the piece and all in all if you go
in there at a bunch of people you can
get a bunch of rope you know with the
40% off so it comes down to the same
amount price-wise as the Rope at Walmart
but you get a hundred and thirty-five
feet and this rope compared to the
hundred feet at Walmart but this rope is
just a little a little bit smaller it
doesn't have the exact dimensions of it
but it's a little bit smaller than the
7:32 Hinch i think so you say it or the
3/16 3/16
inch rope that I usually use so it's
just a little bit smaller than that but
any rope kind of like around that range
is gonna work just on get you what you
can get you some yarn if you absolutely
can't find any rope and let's get to
making this piece alright so you can see
how hung this kind of you know just kind
of put it up there how you can and what
we're gonna do is we're gonna start
cutting our rope now I don't know
exactly how many pieces I'm gonna need
to begin cutting the rope what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna measure from here to
here and that's one body planks and then
I'm gonna take that and do one more so
that'll be two bodies link sorry I know
I'm like extremely overexposed right now
but it's only I can get any kind of
lighting in here okay so now what you do
is you just kind of go from here in here
and you just trail on down and you just
keep cutting all your rope now that I've
got a good bit of rope cut up I'm gonna
go ahead and show you how to attach it
to the rod in case you don't already
know we're gonna be using a larks head
knot and it's super simple one of the
easiest ones that you'll ever do I think
I'm gonna need more than this but I'm
just gonna show you right now what I got
to work with okay so a large tech not is
super super simple all you do is you
take the end of the rope so this is the
end right here which is already starting
to fray out which is kind of cool and
you travel all the way down and you get
your other end all the way down and you
got it right here and you put them
together and you go down and now you go
to the end of that and you've got a
little loop so you just kind of fold the
rope in half pretty much and once you've
got your little loop the loop see Lou
you've got the loop on this side and
you're gonna push it over here down and
take the two right here and pull those
through
so then you will have a little nut up
there looking like that and you're gonna
do that for all the ropes that you cut
just attach them like that so if you can
see what I've done here I put seven on
this side and seven on this time and
that was the tube it is so bra okay and
that was the two bodies length ropes and
now what I've done is I've cut ten of a
body and a half so instead of measuring
the armed arm for the second one I just
kind of went it my chest and so I'm
gonna do five over here and then five
over here I think that's what I'm gonna
do what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna start
using the double half-hitch and it's
it's pretty kind of on the intermediate
side but I've got a tutorial on it on my
like how to but macrame basics video but
if you don't want to click out and go to
that one I'll just show you how to do it
real quick what these are gonna connect
right out here in a V pattern and then
these are gonna connect a little bit
lower in a V pattern something like back
and okay well it's a little crooked on
camera but you'll get you'll understand
once I get there and then we're gonna go
in and add a little bit of final touches
to the bottom portion of it but I think
it's gonna come out really really pretty
so let's get started okay so you can see
I've got five ropes here and typically
you want to do even number amount up top
because it comes out with like an even
number down here at the bottom four
square knots and that sort of thing but
for this knot we're gonna be splitting
this one in the center and so you're
gonna have this one working this way and
this one working this way and what we're
gonna be doing is as we're going we're
gonna kind of be tugging it this way
just so it turns in just the Slava's to
make that really pretty V and so I'm
just gonna show you to begin with
I'm gonna start with this left side here
is you're gonna have it not here or
you're gonna have the rope here and then
the one under it this is gonna be like
our little traveling rope and we're
gonna take this one underneath it and
fold it over and pull that through and
pull it to the top and it's gonna have
like a little cheerio tribbey eyes and
then we're gonna do the same thing and
what I like to do is you see I'm kind of
maybe dressy I'm kind of like holding
with my thumb like this and I press
right here
and so you've made like a little loop
over here and you just take this row
fold it over this rope and through that
loop once more and pull it to the top
and you've made your first little stitch
and now you just take the one beside it
and you're gonna do the same exact thing
do your first one your second one and
just keep going like that so you're at
the end okay and now that you've
completed this first time we're gonna
move on to this side and we're gonna
take it and do the same exact thing
except you're gonna go to the opposite
direction so this rope is gonna be going
this way this rope to the traveling rope
this ropes underneath it and you kind of
like flip that one underneath it over
and through this little loop area and do
it again
and it'll start looking something like
that and you just keep going with it so
for a square knot what you're gonna do
is you've got the four in the center
right here and you're gonna take the one
on the right and pin it up on the two in
the center with your thumb like this
take the one on the Left go over that
rope underneath the two in the center
and through that little loop you created
and I'm gonna put it right in the center
just so it adds a little bit of
dimension and now you take this rope on
the left side put it over the two in the
center take the rope on the right
underneath through and you pull to the
top and now you've got a square knot in
the center of these and so now what
we're gonna do is the way the same way
that we did these going down we're gonna
go this way as well I'm gonna take the
rope on this side and just start going
again and I'm just going to pick up the
ones to the left of it
and you will see it start to form and
then once you get to the once you get to
the center of the piece you stop working
on that side you split that knot in the
center and half you can see you've got
two on this side and then these two are
gonna be on the left side of this and
you do the same thing over here you just
start with that rope and keep it get it
going on this side I'm gonna kind of try
to pull up just a little bit on it to
get that angle started now that it's
gonna look something like that we're
going to connect them in the center you
can either go over and over you can
either take right side and go over or a
left side and go over it doesn't matter
I'm just gonna do it this way however
was laying and you essentially do the
same thing so you taught another one of
those half hitches to it and now you're
left with that right there now what
we're gonna do is since you can see this
is the traveling rope going down this
way we're going to keep traveling along
these reps so this rope is now going to
be the traveling rope for these ropes
under here so we're going to do the same
exact thing and it's going to connect
with this piece up here and you'll see
what I mean as we keep going
just like that and then now we're going
to take this piece right here and we're
gonna do the same thing on this side
over here
keep those four in the center and do
another square knot just like that and
then start working on those sides and
then once you've completed that one it's
time to just take that rope and keep
continuing it how we did earlier and
you're gonna repeat that until you get
to a point where you kind of want to
stop honestly okay so you can see I've
gone ahead and I only did three on this
side and I've done three on this side oh
it looks so pretty from afar I mean it
looks pretty up-close - don't get me
wrong but he does look pretty on camera
I really really like how it's coming out
okay so now the plan is we've got to
connect these somehow and it looks like
they're not quite ready to meet together
I don't want them do you know bunch up
at the top like that um so what I'm
thinking I might do I think I'm gonna
have to do one more row okay that's cool
that's cool all right so you can see
I've done what's the one well I gotta
finish this set off but I've done this
and this and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna connect these two by connecting
them down here so I'm just gonna go
ahead and connect these ropes together
like that so that is what it is gonna
look like in the center there I'm gonna
make sure let me get this straight head
on see what I can do okay so this one's
coming over a little bit further
there we go that's kind of what oh my
gosh it's just beautiful okay now I
could go in and add some more detail to
this but I think I'm gonna leave it and
I really want this to fringe out so if
this doesn't you know fringe out as I go
I'm just gonna kind of unravel it just a
little bit and make all these fringe
very very beautifully but for now I
think that is perfect and so now
essentially we're going to do these same
exact things to all of these right here
but we're it's gonna be a lot bigger
obviously so it's gonna have a lot more
to it and then it's gonna come down and
meet a little bit further down so here
we go
okay so I'm gonna hit and I've done this
side as you can see there's a little bit
water than this one right here and I
connected up right here I don't know if
I'm gonna love it yet but I do like it
right now I'll see if I want to change
it later but for now I'm just gonna
repeat the same thing on this side you
can see the pattern that we've done and
I just kind of connected it by the same
pattern that would connected it right
here alright so this is what it's
looking like right now and I'm gonna try
something crazy I'm gonna try to do a
nest right here if it can't be done
that's okay
but I'm gonna give it a shot
so all we're gonna do right here is I've
just cut a couple strips off and folded
them and happy and they're a lot shorter
there I mean they're just a little over
half a body's length and what I'm gonna
do is I'm going to attach them with a
larks head knot to this little area
right here just like that and pull it to
the top and it'll start looking
something like that on this edge all
right so now that we're at this step one
on the booze I've just cut a piece of
rope and I'm gonna attach it somewhere
like in here something like that right
there and just do a little loop the loop
and fit it on in there and then I'm
gonna also kind of drag it like this
right here and attach it about here just
like that right there and so now we've
got this little loop and what I'm gonna
do is I'm going to cut some more ropes
and attach them with a larks head knot
right around there okay so now that
we've gotten all this complete you can
see where I just kind of added that it
made you just look a little bit more
swoopy right there a little bit more
complete that sort of thing and see this
design that we've already done just this
one little diamond I'm gonna do one
little diamond right here in the center
just to kind of bring it all together
finish it off and that sort of thing I
think that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
do it if it doesn't look good then
obviously I'm gonna take it out but for
now that's what I'm gonna do
okay so you can see now how I've kind of
started to unravel these on the zoom in
so you can see exactly what I mean I've
started to take each of these ropes and
unravel them and it's creating this
really beautiful fringe and I absolutely
love the way that look so you're just
gonna go in and start unraveling all of
these now it takes a little bit of time
just I'll show you one this one's
already started I've just been kind of
twisting them and pulling and it takes a
little bit but after you get that going
you'll just trim the project up and
you're good to go all right so once
you're done it should look something
like this let me zoom in so you can see
mmm love it all right now so that is in
the video I really hope that you enjoyed
it I really enjoyed this piece it was
really simple if you watched my really
big macrame headboard piece I kind of
did this same concept as far as like a
little V and connecting them went even
like this and then with a little square
knot in the center I did that in that
video but they're a little bit smaller
pieces and so I just made an entire
piece with it and decided to add that s
and I think the S was totally totally
wonderful for the piece I think it
totally made it you can do it with any
letter just do that same rope over and
over again create any letter that you
want or you can just leave that space
blank but I just decided to do it
because I thought it was really pretty
and her last name starts and it's now so
I thought it worked perfect if you liked
this video give me a big thumbs up and
subscribe thank you all so much for
watching I hope you have a great day in
god bless