hey there I'm Joe and it's that time of
the year again when you defeat our bees
there's no much blowing out there right
now and we just took some honey off of
our hives not too long ago it's late
July early August so we need to feed our
bees in order to make sure that they do
well all the way until their next nectar
flow in the fall this is a really easy
recipe
it might take you 15 20 minutes to make
so not too bad so let's get started with
this recipe you're going to need salt
chamomile tea bags and extra fine
granulated sugar and yes that's a
50-pound bag that's a big one then the
first thing you're going to do is to put
28 cups of water into probably the
biggest pot you have that's a 4 cup
major there so it's going to take seven
of those suckers then you're going to
need to make to make four cups of
chamomile tea going to throw that in the
microwave for maybe two minutes or so
it's hot and then add your tea bags to
it if you're wondering why chamomile or
some thought that this can help to
control mites anything you can do to
help control the light load and your
hive the better
and throw your pot on the stove and add
two teaspoons of salt and then add your
four cups of chamomile tea now you want
to heat this really hot but you never
want it to boil
at this point you're ready to add your
sugar we're going to name it 32 total
cups of sugar so ice initially add 16
cups and then stir it make sure its own
is all and then I add the remaining 16
cups and stir it in and make sure that
it's dissolved as well and after it's
properly heated it should look like this
nice and clear
then after your sugar syrup or BT as we
like to call it cold you're ready to add
it into your jugs we like to use 1
gallon milk containers because they're
easy to transport out in the field take
to the beach we use a funnel as well
just to make a little bit easier you can
see here a little close up the milk jugs
using the funnel just makes it that much
easier
this will make almost exactly three
gallons of BT so it works out perfectly
there you have that's gonna make a
simple sugar solution to feed your bees
we like to call it BT because there's
actually some tea in there you know what
this video helped out and if you like
the video you can always click the like
button so that people can check it out
as well you can also subscribe to the
channel if you want to see our future
videos so until next time thanks for
watching
take care