hello everybody welcome back mrs. Harris
today we'll be making some slime with
this Nickelodeon slime kit with this kit
you can make five different types of
slime you can make a leer slime foam
slime scented slime neon slime and my
personal favorite glow slime I can this
super slimy set at Toys R Us they're
selling it for I think around $15 if you
didn't want to spend that much however
they do have some smaller sets that I
believe for about six dollars apiece
this is like the deluxe set so inside
the said they gave you three bottles of
white glue here is a bottle of clear
glue here's a bag of slime making powder
here's a bag of the styrofoam foam beads
they give you two of these mixing bowls
one mixing spoon several wooden sticks
also for mixing four different colors of
paint they give you blue red and neon
orange and a neon glow green two scents
one grape and one blueberry to make
scented slime one bag of pretty gold
glitter one measuring cup a few storage
containers so store your slime when
you're finished making it I thought that
was pretty nice of them pink blue bat
and of course some instructions on how
to make some slime all right guys let's
get started so let's go ahead and make
our first time first we'll pour about
ten milliliters of the glue into our cup
that looks pretty good
then I will pour all of it into our
large mixing bowl
then we're also going to add 30
milliliters of water almost to the very
top I'll pour that in with the white
glue and make sure that everything is
nicely mixed together I really like the
look of the glow paint so I'm going to
add a spoonful of this glow paint into
our glue mixture now to make these
second part and this is what holds the
slide together we're going to put in two
spoonfuls of the slime making powder
into this bowl here and I'm also going
to be adding 15 milliliters of hot water
into the bowl with the powder we're
going to make sure that the powder is
fully dissolved into water and this
shouldn't take very long and for the
magical and last step we'll add that
mixture into our green slime very slowly
and we should start to see slime develop
[Music]
whoo I can already see it oh my gosh it
looks so cool it's getting thicker oh my
gosh this is so cool now this is the
slime I remember as a kid oh my gosh
that is so cool it feels so picky and
squishy oh my gosh
know what okay this is the glove line so
let's see get this slime to lows in the
dark okay so it glows a little bit it's
definitely hard to tell but it does glow
so it's getting a little right hand I
really really like the slime oh look at
that I am really super happy with the
way this slime turned out let's make
another one
this time let's make the phloem slime
[Music]
[Music]
so here it is I do love the color oh and
I like the way this feels
oh I like this one a lot I've never made
the phloem slime before but I like it
it's not as slimy as the previous one
it feels gritty ER but I do like it
[Music]
I also made the glitter slime although
for this one I probably should have used
the clear glue instead of the white glue
[Music]
I also made the such a slime this one I
scented great
[Music]
I love the texture of this one too it
reminded me of the glow slime I just
made the smell this is great it smells
like you want to eat it but you
definitely don't that would be really
gross the last one I made is the neon
orange lime and I made this one with the
clear glue
[Music]
so here is all the different signs I
made today there is still plenty of
supplies left over so I can make a ton
more slime you know what I wonder what
would happen if I combine all these
slimes together
[Music]
you some of these are super slimy and
then some of these are super chunky but
the colors are super pretty
[Music]
well I have to say my favorite slime out
of this entire set was the glow slime
and you guys let me know which of these
was your favorite slime and the comments
box down below thank you guys so so much
for watching today as always I will see
you guys in the next video