[Music]
what's up everybody
it's your girl T aka Tommy aka time UCF
baby baby I'm 6 feet up EEE
anyway guys thanks for coming back too
much mm-hmm so based on the title you
know what's gonna go down at subside
sorry but something taking my money and
I can't do it no but I love being a
white chocolate mocha but it was getting
a little expensive $5.00 bottles but I
decided to research how to make my own
white chocolate mocha so I grabbed ideas
from different people and just kind of
put them together until I found what
tasted the best and now I make my own
white chocolate mocha this from home so
I just have to make a video to I can
share it with you all and we can all say
some money girl
that's what 2018 is all about girl
anyway let's get right into the video
okay so here are some of the things
they're going to need to make your
Starbucks coffee cap white chocolate
mocha so let's start off with the basics
of course you're gonna need a coffee mug
to hold at least 16 ounces so this is
just a regular coffee mug that I will
use when I'm here on home if you are
making it to be on the go make sure you
guys get up to go coffee mug of course
16 ounces as well you're going to need a
you can use this I use a blender bottle
to shake up the milk in a little wire in
there but if you don't have one of these
you can also just use a jar this is a
jar from like pasta sauce but I saved
the jars like mason jars that have lids
so you can use one of these as well of
course you're going to need your milk I
use about 3/4 to a cup of course you
need coffee
now you can choose whatever kind of
coffee that you like whatever you're
used to use that you're gonna need 8
ounces of coffee
you're gonna need some whipped cream
some ready-whip you're gonna need some
white chocolate sauce I got this at
Walmart but I see it everywhere I've
gone stuff like that I need old sub
ground cinnamon okay so now you want to
go ahead and prepare your coffee prepare
however you're used to I usually
my coffee maker languaging here and I
already have it in the setting that I
want I've already put in 8 ounces of
water in it plus my 2 scoops of coffee
so I'm gonna go ahead and just press
Start and start brewing my coffee and
let that sit now while your coffee is
being made or however you're making it
I'm gonna go ahead and heat this milk up
in the microwave I'm gonna heat it up
for about 2 minutes so it's nice and hot
so I just finish heating up my milk nice
and hot as you can see some spam is
coming out so I'm gonna go ahead and
pour it into that blender bottle all
right and I'm gonna cover it make sure
if you're using a blender bottle done
this is completely closed so when you're
shaking it it doesn't pop off you want
to go ahead and close that up my coffee
is still brewing but it's almost done so
you want to make sure that it's close
nice and tightly because you are gonna
be shaking it and you don't want milk
flying everywhere so what we're gonna do
we're gonna go ahead and froth the milk
so we're gonna go ahead and grab this
like you would shake your protein shake
and just alright so I'm done shaking it
so I'm gonna go ahead and open that up
so my coffee has just finished brewing
but before I pour my coffee into my mug
I'm gonna go ahead and grab the white
chocolate sauce and what I'm gonna do
with my cup I'm gonna go ahead and just
swirl it in there so I'm gonna go like
this
just swirl it all in there I can't I
can't really tell you how many
tablespoons are in there I just swirl
and then I have like that much as I
don't know I'm I want to say it's 2 to 3
tablespoons so now that my white
chocolate sauce is in there I'm gonna go
ahead and grab my coffee now and now
when he made enough for just you know
for me for this one cup because I don't
want to waste more now I'm gonna go
ahead and just pull it all in there
alright so I filled in about a little
bit over halfway about three quarters in
so what I'm gonna do I'm gonna grab this
milk that I froth
I'm gonna grab the cap to it because
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pour but
I want to
lock the phone from coming into the cup
so let's see if I can try to show you
this and we're going to block and we're
just gonna let it pour about that much
so you shouldn't have any milk left over
you should just have the froth left in
there you want to go ahead and grab your
ready whip you want to make sure you
shake it and now we're just gonna oh
yeah I figure whipped cream you're gonna
go ahead and grab your cinnamon sprinkle
just a little bit on the tops nothing
crazy I don't want to overpower my drink
and that's it there is your white
chocolate mocha boom and there you go
why Chapman Lopez Starbucks who not here
anyway so yes I hope you guys enjoyed
the video and I hope you guys cut me
some y'all white chocolate mocha piss my
mom yeah that's it if you guys liked the
video make sure you guys do a thumbs up
and make sure you guys subscribe to my
channel alright
[Music]