[Music]
summers not over yet and I figured why
not so we got a ton of requests to make
a giant s'more there's zero requests for
a normal sized one it would been
practical but you guys wanted a giant
one so let's make it yes toriel caking I
love you hi I'm Stephanie enjoy baking
today we're going to make homemade
graham crackers did you just say Green
crackers for our graham cracker recipe
you're going to need these ingredients
and we got to do it again - because
we're doubling up the rest in a food
processor we're going to add wheat flour
all-purpose flour wheat bran you got
wheat germ did I get the wrong thing
guys what's wheat germ 1/3 cup
granulated white sugar baking powder
baking soda salt butter no you don't
making sure it looks course and crummy
good job move that sorry
going in with two tablespoons milk it's
just honey and now a half a teaspoon of
vanilla extract which is just saw--
since we're making two of these though
can you just do all that again okay good
yeah for a graham-cracker recipe you're
going to need these ingredients we broke
it
[Music]
and we're done
they're square for this step Julia
because Julia's doing this right you can
get it Julia
it's going to be making our graham
cracker look like this graham cracker
the reason you want the perf so you can
do this oh yes these are like little
dimples and these are like giant holes
we made a domino okay preheat the oven
350 Oh ovens preheated graham crackers
are going in what is that it's an arrow
alright any oven
they said 15 minutes but I think because
eyes are a little bit bigger than
average oversized it's gonna take longer
in the oven in the meantime let's make a
marshmallow yeah for the marshmallow
you're gonna need these ingredients
thanks for measuring that out jp1 are
you doing its 154 we're still making a
giant smork
and this clock is freaking out heat on
three cups sure you're going in that's a
lot of sugar cup and a half of corn
syrup going in quarter teaspoon salt 3/4
cup water that's gonna come to a boil I
think my arrow is done what do you think
3/4 cup cold water 4 packets of
unflavored gelatin then you let it
soften for 5 minutes my orals still
doing okay it's not soft
oh it's definitely getting harder you
know we made a graham cracker is this
soft no it's you had it needs to cool
more graham crackers done finally we're
supposed to mix that more it looks like
it's congealing already it's boiling get
it off
add whisk attachment going up wipe it
down hit it I don't know low speed now
we
this is not safe don't do this at home
gradually raise the speed to high at 222
this will be done
it's 222 at times yeah I mean I'm
definitely seeing us cutting this
marshmallow down is it yeah he's like to
face our marshmallow is nearly done it
just needs to stay in this mold for at
least three hours giant chocolate mold
[Music]
okay okay you have to go where she's I
even have a small picture on the
packaging going in the oven now all we
have to do is melt this chocolate and
pour it into this tray you're ready to
do this JP like a graham cracker let me
let me have a bite of that we're going
in
dan it's like three packages of Hershey
bars that only makes that much chocolate
we need to keep it in that perfect
square and there you have it guys doing
I don't know that's kind of I had
envisioned this better in my head it's
550 for three hours have gone by our
marshmallow should be done the hole in
its shape that's it that's the
marshmallow it's like a crab Dragoon so
the powdered sugar is actually what
coats a sticky part of the marshmallow
keep it dry cool it's got a butt hole
okay what we're gonna do is wheel up our
knife it's just to lube it up so when
you cut into it right it's like a baby
so really we're only using half the
marshmallows you're saving a bunch of
calories I think this is gonna stick on
a stick
seven fifty our chocolates done the last
piece of the pie no pun intended
let's see this thing
Wow it's definitely the ugliest thing of
ours all right
Giants more we did it the only thing
missing right now is that char I think
it needs to be roasted so this recipe is
gonna go another day long it's day two
11:36 we gotta make a fire I shouldn't
that's a weird thing to yell anyway yeah
so it got rained out how you do this I'm
not holding up you're not gonna like my
hands on fire right what back inside
no primitive will only point it away
from my face okay yeah yeah that's
probably a friend hold underneath my
hands my left hand oh dude it smells
like a marshmallow roast either that's
what we're going for it you need at
least three friends to do this guy's
pull the sticks out I don't want to get
your hands
that'd be always I even to push it down
yeah perfect Oh
get the sticks out at you my god
yes this weighs like 25 pounds I know
the confectioner sugar is not going to
help me GPA you know nothing all over
the place
you look like what I want to eat late at
night
get my stuff all over the place got all
of your hand stroke
I have a lot on my face don't
mmm that's chocolate guys I totally
recommend doing this as the first date
option if you like hey what's up
I made a giant s'more want to share it
with me you know I can do with the
leftovers okay we can blend it up with
some ice cream make like a s'mores no
choice thanks again for coming along in
another episode of healthy junk food if
you're new to our channel don't forget
to subscribe because we post new videos
every single week catch us up on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook to get live
updates
anteaters of what we do all the time oh
do I also tell you we have a new YouTube
channel called JP & Julia or you can
watch our travel vlogs
ok see you later already ever depressing
t-shirt on