[Music]
hey guys it's Claire with receiving a
life if you read the title today you
know that I'm doing laundry it's gonna
go pretty fast excuse me I've been all
cruddy with everything blooming all
right so I've got some errands to run
here in a little while and just for
efficiency's sake because I'm gonna have
it hanging all in the yard and
everything I wanted to go ahead and get
everything washed and start the drying
process so I can go run my errands and
when I come back I'll have clean dry
clothes to put up so it's gonna go
pretty fast I've done this video the
jillion times I always get too
long-winded with it and then my editing
and everything goes wrong so I'm just
gonna show you little clips explain it
in the middle and throw it all together
send it out to you guys on the interwebs
I hope it helps you it definitely videos
like this definitely helped me when I
was honing in my skill but anyway I've
already been talking for a minute so
we're gonna go ahead and get it going
this is my bathtub this is where I wash
all of my clothes so yeah Luke's County
gross right now what I've done I went
ahead and put my quarter cup of my
homemade laundry detergent in the water
as it was filling up I've got it filled
up to about halfway and one of the
things that I run is that you should let
your clothes soak for a little while
especially if you're gonna wash them by
hand or if they're heavily soiled a lot
of these are my work clothes and they
are heavily soiled so I've got them in
there and they've been soaking for just
a couple minutes I usually let them soak
for maybe 5-10 minutes and then I'll go
ahead and show you the next part of the
process okay back so the clothes have
been soaking for about 20 minutes and
I'm just going to go ahead and step on
end in a tub I walk around on it you
ever seen those videos and people
stomping on grapes to make wine well I
was in need of some clean clothes
and I started looking online for
different videos of how to watch them at
home now some people will use a
five-gallon bucket or a tote or
something and and they'll do in that to
save some water I didn't have any and
then some people will get a little
agitator or they'll get a plunger and
they'll cut holes in it from the water
flow and they'll use that is their
educator if I couldn't afford to go to
the laundromat you can't afford to go
buy another cleanser and I needed no one
I had by the toilet so I decided and I
was gonna stomp on him like nothing's
making water I was going to be my own
advocator and so that's what I do
I'll go around like this for about five
minutes or so if you have really really
heavily soiled clothes then have like
mud or food or something caked on them
it was really bad when I was moving with
the boys and they were working in the
kitchens and they come in with
mayonnaise and lettuce and stuff I'll
keep it up to the bottom to their pants
if you have a situation like that a lot
of people ask me do I have a washboard I
do not but what you can do is you can
take something or even this the end of
the pants and you're taking it and rub
it together and get that debris off of
it
nuts you know you should inspect their
clothes know what you're putting in
there so I don't do that not lunch I
have to have to the rest of it I feel
like it's just like any old regular
machine wash hurt I'm going to spoon
everything gonna end a little bit and we
kind of reorient it so I'm stepping on
you a new place and some clothes but I
feel like it's like any regular fish
you know it's not sitting there
scrubbing everything you know if you
want something that take on yet not in a
regular machine Walker you've got a
pre-training a little bit and it's no
different with this so anyway this goes
just fine
I've been doing this since 2013 and he's
getting a 2013 because we literally had
no means to we didn't have a washer and
dryer they couldn't afford to go to the
laundromat and I'm a firm believer that
it's okay to be poor but if at all
possible it's not okay to be here so you
know I don't now that I'm living by
myself I'm not doing this as much
anymore but when I've had four people
living in my house laundry was kind of
my thing I wanted to make sure that I
was in charge of the quality of the
cleanliness of my clothes and so that
you know when I was doing laundry for
four people this way I was doing two in
three loads a day like this every day
and you'll see here a little while maybe
it's been really overcast today and I am
putting these on the line it doesn't
have to be really really sunny for your
clothes tonight I didn't really have to
even be warm you just have to sit them
out there where they can air dry as long
as as long as you're not having like
hundred percent humidity it's it's still
and even if you have interdependently
things take it out there especially if
it's sunny but just freak me out there
it's gonna dry so what I'm doing now is
I'm just scooting everything to the end
I'm getting a little socks and stuff and
you fling it up on top of the pile who's
one of my least favorite things in the
entire world is minute sock gets
something down in the drain that is my
least favorite thing in the world so I'm
going to go
and pull the plug get out talk to you
guys just a second or two more but I've
got all those smooshed in the end so
they don't clog the drain I'm gonna let
it drain for a while and then I'll
spread them back out and start filling
my rinse water and we'll get into adding
that area so I'll see you guys here too
few minutes all right John I got my
rinse water filled up I've got my
vinegar in here this is what I use this
fabric softener we have extraordinarily
hard water here in my area in Indiana so
I do that because when I hang out my
clothes I don't want him to feel crunchy
yes no I'm talking about I know a lot of
you we've talked and a lot of you use
vinegar even on your standard machines
instead of detergent I not didn't hurt
you but a fabric softener another reason
why I do it is because I'm allergic to a
lot of stuff I make my own home in
laundry detergent because I'm allergic
to so much stuff there other times why I
started doing it and it's the same way
with the oils and everything and the
fabric softener and the sheets and the
liquid and everything and this does just
as good friend your clothes it helps
keep any smells and stuff out of them
and you know you don't smell it by the
time it's dry so um I it's like a top
per load I feel like I probably need a
little bit more especially in this so
the clothes that I have going in here
it smell like smoke because we've been
having a couple of campfires the last
couple of weeks so I'm trying to get
clothes that don't stink but anyway I'm
just gonna stomp around on it like I did
last time and I'll be back with you guys
as soon as I start bringing everything
out all right we're gonna rinse um close
not rinse bring them out that women
while I was speaking of runs though I
forgot to mention that if you are
rinsing out your clothes you're stomping
on them for the second time with the
vinegar
everything in there and you notice that
the water is considerably more dirty
than would be considered clean then all
you need to do is grab another 1/4 cup
of your laundry detergent sprinkle it in
there with vinegar and everything and do
another wash cycle and then drain it out
rinse it again seeing if it's up to your
standards you know with the vinegar and
everything in it and then wring it out
if you feel like your clothes are not
clean wash them again okay so um I've
got kind of a hodgepodge of stuff in
here and I don't know how much you're
gonna be able to see me because I'm
going to be sitting up because I'm fin
over all right now um but quite a few
things in here this is my least favorite
thing in the entire world
it is wringing out towels because as you
know it's a towels job to hold water and
they're big and they're bulky and I
grabbed this one because it's the
thinnest one that I have and they're
other ones I'm trying to weight with my
towels and wash them at a friend's house
really because they are so much of a
nightmare to get all the water out but
this one I felt like I could handle
another thing that I've done for towels
is I've watched several hand towels
because those are a little more
manageable but I'd drink whatever this
don't pull too much I don't know if you
can see it but if I pull it it's not
secured to the wall well and it's just
blowing in the breeze so don't pull a
whole lot and just use this as a tension
rod
this is a rod that I put in there
specifically for this he's the original
rod was broken out before I even moved
in but excuse it twirl it and remember
that every drop of water that you're
able to get off of it is less time it
has to spend on the lines and and the
less heavy it is you don't have to worry
about maybe snapping your line because
mine is a year old I didn't pull it in
this winter like I should have and I'm
worried they don't break at some point
but right here behind me sitting on the
toilet with you guys is my laundry
basket and to make sure that you have
that ready for your damp clothes another
hard thing the new is pants I have a
pair of blue jeans and then I've got my
pair of dress jeans that have it aware
to my interview tomorrow not interesting
is but dress slacks they are part of a
two-piece suit and for whatever reason
the pants were dirty and the jacket was
not so I'm just giving them a good watch
what I knew is I go ahead and fasten it
I pull it up fold it in half and I'm
going to do the dance the same way and
then I fold it in half again and the
main goal for this is just to get it
into a manageable section where you can
get your hands around it it doesn't have
to be the same as what I'm doing this is
just what works for me and then I do the
same as the talent is twisted even
seeing this is fighting me a little bit
less than the towel because it's not the
pants job to hold moisture like it is
the towels so just pulling that back out
just for the sake of showing you what
I'm doing I'll show you like this is a
hand towel you don't have to put it over
this you can take it and fold it into a
section where you can still hit your
hand around it and just wring it out
like that
and that's totally fine this is pretty
much and exactly how I would expect to
pull it out of the washing machine you
can also double up on things like these
are socks smaller items like socks and
underwear and stuff like that you can
double them up on themselves
you paint several of them and then
double them up like fold them in half on
top of themselves and then bring a bunch
of them out at once you don't have to go
article by article for it but anyway
that's what I'm going to show you one
ringing and I'll see you guys after I
get everything hung on the line
all right guys there you have it
everything is all hung up if you'll
notice there's a whole huge section of
unused line right there there's a couple
reasons for that
and most couple reasons are flying
around over there I've got a wasps nest
in those holes so I'm gonna have to take
care of that and I've also got
Yellowjackets flying around right in
here so I'm gonna have to pay a visit
over to Big Bear homestead and see if
they've got anything and their predator
control series for that I'm sure they do
but anyway clothes are drying and I'll
come back out here
a couple hours after I get done with all
my errands and everything and pull them
down and fold them up Oh couple tips I
hang everything upside down
so especially the shirts so you don't
have pinch marks in the shoulders from
the pins and I do the pants that way too
just because I think that they are
easier to secure in the flat leg parts
instead of in the waistband and and I
pair my socks up and I do them together
so when I pull them off all I have to do
is roll them up and and and they're good
to go so anyway those are my last-minute
couple tips thanks for watching and I'll
see
[Music]