hi I'm Christina with better recipes
today we are making boiled lobster I
have two very special co-host with me
today they just don't know that they're
also dinner here's all you need of
course you need two lobsters these are 1
to 2 pounds each and then we have some
clarified butter gotta have the
clarified butter to dip the lobster in
and then here I have 8 quarts of water
with about 2 teaspoons of salt
so my salted water is boiling and ready
to go now here I have two live lobsters
you're gonna want to get these fresh
from your grocer that day otherwise you
can store them in the refrigerator up to
24 hours but for the freshest most
delicious taste you do want to use them
right away okay the water is boiling
let's do this it's not gonna be like a
scene out of Julie and Julia I promise
just pick them up right behind the eyes
there plunge them in headfirst into the
boiling water dinnertime there's one and
there is to put the lid on they won't
try to climb out they're not screaming I
promise we're gonna turn it down let it
simmer for about 20 minutes and then you
have boiled lobster for dinner okay get
ready for the big reveal it's gonna be
lobster magic and there you go look at
the color of that Lobster it went from
that dark color to this bright red and
as you know it's done
before you can crack open the lobster
you need to let it cool down until it's
cool enough to handle and in that time
you can make some clarified butter I
have some here ready to go all you need
to do is slowly melt about a quarter cup
of butter and don't stir it while it's
melting then once it's completely melted
pour off the top layer which is nice and
clear and discard the milky bottom
I can't wait to dip some of this lobster
meat into that clarified butter let's
dive into these lobsters the first thing
you want to do is cut off these rubber
bands you were grateful them for them
before but they certainly don't want
them now okay the next step is we're
gonna remove the tails just lift it up
and twist it right off
so after you've removed the tail you can
see there's a little bit of the tamale
here which is the liver you just want to
get that out of there now with some
kitchen shears I'm gonna expose the tail
meat if you see a little black vein
running down the middle of the tail just
remove that in discard so cut through
the tail and that lobster tail is ready
to dip in the butter and enjoy then I'm
gonna twist the claws and remove them
from the body okay so using a nutcracker
break open the claws and then you can
use a small fork to remove the meat from
the claws so I've removed all of the
meat from one of the lobsters that's
ready to go I'm gonna do the exact same
thing with the second lobster you can
just dip that delicious lobster meat
into your clarified butter it's like a
fancy restaurant right at home and
that's how you make boiled lobster
[Music]
thanks for watching be sure to subscribe
and check out our other videos if you'd
like to see a specific recipe please
send us an email to request at Mahalo
com