[Music]
hi friends it's Vicki welcome back to my
little place for happy things and
thoughts Valentine's Day is almost here
which means that it is time for all
things red and pink and heart-shaped and
sweet and so if you are familiar with my
channel you know that I love my furry
friends and I love making things for
them and if you're here you probably
love them too
so I thought I would create a video
showing you how to make some super cute
DIYs for them that includes something
that they could eat a little something
they could play with and something that
they could wear so with that said let's
get right into the tutorial the first
thing that I'll be showing you how to
make are some frozen strawberry yogurt
treats that are perfect for the pup in
your life who has a sweet tooth to make
these you are going to need a hearts
mold I found mine at IKEA you can make
these with any molds you would like
although of course the point here is to
make them Valentine's Day themed you're
also gonna need one cup of plain yogurt
and strawberries I used about three for
this recipe once you've got all your
ingredients simply dice the strawberries
into little squares once chopped place
them in a bowl and then mix in your one
cup of yogurt
once done mix the ingredients all
together and then pour your mixture into
your hearts mold after that's done give
them a little tap so that they could set
and then place them in the freezer for
about two hours or longer once they're
frozen this is what the end result
should look like I think they're just
the cutest and actually they are human
friendly too so if you wanted to eat
these you could my dogs went absolutely
nuts for these my dog Charlie actually
loves anything that's cold he loves to
have ice so these were just perfect for
him
up next I'm gonna show you how to make a
heart-shaped dog toy perfect for the pup
in your life who loves to play with toys
to make this you are gonna need some
fleece material here I have mine ready
and already fold it in half the amount
of material depends on the size you want
to make your toy so if you want a bigger
toy use more material and Here I am
tracing a heart shape after you have
traced the heart you are gonna cut out
the surrounding material it doesn't have
to be perfect at this point just yet but
you're gonna cut it out and sort of the
shape of the heart and then with your
fleece material still overlapped you are
going to cut fringes out all around the
heart like I am doing so here once your
fringes are cut out you are going to tie
the top and bottom fringes together and
when you are tying these make sure to
leave at least three spaces because the
next step requires you to stuff it with
some polyfill once your pillow is nice
and stuffed you can go ahead and tie the
rest of the fringes and then you can
take your scissors and even out the
fringe ease to give it a better nicer
heart shape and then after that you are
done when stuffing it you can always put
a squeaker in there too but my dog tears
through every single toy whether
store-bought or homemade so I don't want
to put something in there that he could
possibly choke on so this was just fine
it worked great for him and he
absolutely loved it he went crazy for it
and he still loves it I mean it's a
little beat up now but that's what it's
for and I guess he just has something
against hearts this time of year and for
the very last DIY I'm gonna show you how
to make a collar bow for that very
dapper pup in your life to make your bow
tie you are going to need some fabric of
course I found this Valentine's Day
themed one over at Joanne's and so
before I even start I'm gonna cut a long
piece of fabric off my bigger piece and
I'll show you why in just a bit and then
taking the larger piece in the shape of
rectangle this one is about ten by six
inches but the size is up to you I'm
folding it in as you are seeing here
into a smaller rectangle once I have it
folded in the way I'd like I'm gonna
open it up again and then I'm gonna add
some hot glue to the inside in order to
hold the rectangle together and I'm
adding this just to the corner of the
fold next you are going to scrunch up
the center of the rectangle in order to
form a bow and then add a drop of hot
glue in order to keep the shape in place
next take your long thinner piece of
material that you saved earlier and roll
it up the long way like I'm doing here
and then add some hot glue to the edge
and finish rolling it up and remember
guys this is a no sew bowtie but if at
any time you wanted to stitch this or
sew it you can do that too next you are
gonna take your strip of material and
wrap it around the bowtie at the center
you're gonna wrap it around two times
and add a hot glue every time in between
[Music]
with the remainder of the strap you are
going to form a loop and then attach the
corner of that loop with some more glue
once dry you can cut off the excess
strip of material and then there you
have it you now have a bow tie that you
could fit through the collar of your dog
I almost forgot to mention when you are
creating the loop make sure that you
measure it against your dog's collar so
that the buckle can go through the loop
a super easy DIY to help make your dog
look a little more handsome on
valentine's day I love this one so much
I think it's super cute for pictures or
it's a perfect little outfit for them to
wear on a playdate
to the dog park that is all for this
week's video I hope that you guys have
fun with these DIYs make sure to LIKE
and subscribe if you have not already
wishing you a super happy Valentine's
Day with your furry friends and sending
you a big virtual hug my name is Vicky
and I will see you guys next time bye
[Music]