I'm going up in the end I chicken wings
adobo you have my adventures I 1/4 kilo
chicken wings 1/4 cup of vinegar 1/3 cup
in soy sauce 1/4 cup now rice wine 5
grams non-belief Sam bong bong 1/4 cup
in butter now yeah pepper a cha ha so
I'm only nothing better than a pile of
burning and film in a mixing bowl add in
chicken wings adding vinegar add the soy
sauce
having rice wine particular one final
point per tournament yachting garlic
giving the neck and shoulders in my
digital interface there try laughing
baby and again be welcome to now from
black pepper
violence assault by the National
optional relatively unaffected
resonating media since my family sizes
the demand marinade for my uncle Ford he
would be two to three hours the rubble
of mitosis is over
I said I'm adding chicken wings novena
but nothing for 20 minutes
blonde availab not insha Allah we do not
the same she seemed a long nap and
talkin below cigarette Long Island over
20 minutes after an outage from a simmer
for 20 minutes to set aside minute
adventitia after that domesticus masada
say you are baking chicken wings
well done sir same Allah Allah fighting
butter
haha hunting olive oil
these are nothing before you open up it
on bottom yeah I know not a condom side
measure my golden brown ale I think I
won from the golden brown a marking by
one in elevation up in d2 anarchic
cynical side
but that doesn't define on coffee butter
then haha I know Nathan for Hong Kong
saw Vegemite evaporate new I think about
one dimension into cleon through your
life or at least mitigate the damage at
all
the end another shock Magnum evaporate
new I think seven on adding chicken
wings spread in an ad in Shanghai
Reserve I don't mean nothing
chicken wings a double