[Music]
so today's video is all about how to
look after your kids to do your chill
skares when you get your CH skate they
normally come folded in a cellone
wrapper and delivered to you by your
Courier don't worry when you get it out
if it feels a little bit creased um just
simply hang it up and get your steam get
a steam iron and get your Steam and just
steam over the to never ever think of I
was actually pressing the net because
that would just be open you'd be Bing
pills and you brand new CH scary so
literally steam over steam over steam
over all the pieces pull them out and
just let the steam do the work just
steam through like that and when you're
steaming it through and pulling out all
of the pieces it actually makes the
skate full so when you see the skates
and all of our photo shoots or you see
on our Instagram it's because you've
been freshly steamed and freshly
fluffed like this and also the reason
why the chew skate are so great and
everybody loves them is because they
travel really well so you can roll it up
put it in a suitcase get it out either
hang it up in the bathroom and let the
shower steam it or simply just get the
hotel iron and steam
over there you go just add a little
t-shirt or one of our seaf
tops and you good to go any questions or
any comments just let us know or drop us
an
email