hey there I'm gonna show you products
that I used to make this awesome popcorn
now these popcorn kernels you can get at
Sam's Club it's a 50 pound bag like what
do you need a 50 pound bag for now if
you're looking for quality popcorn
kernels you can go on Amazon you're not
gonna find them in your local grocery
store I mean unless you're lucky in your
local grocery store has them but big
chains like the Chicago area Joule and
then Walmart stuff like that you're not
gonna find if you're probably fine
Orville Redenbacher and you're still
gonna probably pay 6 bucks for a little
container you can go on Amazon you can
get great northern popcorn at the movies
popcorn concession stand popcorn and
you're gonna probably pay for two pounds
at least 15 bucks maybe 30 bucks or you
can even get the oil and the popcorn
packs but tomini honestly yeah if you
just want to be easy they have oil
popcorn packs you can get on Amazon in
combination you just squeeze the oil and
throw the kernels in and I think the
salts in there - everything's already
combined I believe I think the salt
don't quote me on that but that's that's
just the easier way it costs a little
bit more obviously because it's already
prepackaged for you but if you want the
easier way for me with money and time
get to get the individual products it's
also a fun experience to kind of scoop
it all out and do everything yourself
and it's just easier that way to me in a
moment all right so here here are the
popcorn kernels medium popcorn kernels
46 to one puff expansion now I gotta say
that just popping 8 ounces there's a
little guy I need an ounce container of
it it did pretty good 50 pounds for like
23 bucks you can't beat it
at Sam's Club and they claim that you
know satisfaction guaranteed our percent
money-back guarantee if you don't like
it but man I'm telling you it is good
alright now for the oil what the
theaters use is pure coconut oil now
this one is yellow
it makes your popcorn yellow it's solid
if you get it on Amazon it is solid if
you keep it in Haider temperature it
will go you know it'll change velocity
it was really freezing so when mine came
it was really solid but when you stick
the spoon inside it comes down it's
almost like a almost like scooping out
ice cream to be honest with you that's
exactly what it's like but you can get
this along with this this is the salt
flavor call you really want that taste
it's not like regular salt like as you
see it's not supply of iodine so you can
scoop a lot of this stuff it's not gonna
be over salted but you don't want me to
much because then yeah it will get a
little bitter but you can get this on
Amazon it's a combo over 30 bucks for
the coconut oil flavor call and then you
can get two pounds of the popcorn
kernels that comes with it and it's made
by the at the movies pop com popcorn
company and I also got this shaker so
when you're done you can salt your
popcorn in the end I think this is about
five bucks on Amazon again I'll provide
the link down below and I also got this
on Amazon there's a lot of different
flavors
this one's called glaze pop and this is
for caramel corn I have not used it when
I do use it I'll put a video up um you
know reviewing it but otherwise I'm
pretty excited to try it
so it's my wife and there's a lot of
different flavors you can get by this
company this glaze pop they have all
kinds of different one you actually get
pop um you know combination packs on
Amazon this I picked up at Walmart it's
really good movie theater butter tastes
just like the movie theater butter to be
honest with you I think it's only maybe
three four bucks at Walmart you know a
little bit on your popcorn in the bottom
middle in the top shake it up real good
it's pretty good make sure you have
yourself you know what paper towel to
clean your fingers off because it does
get a little greasy
otherwise these are the products that I
use salt shaker your coconut oil even if
you don't use
even if you don't use this exact brand
use pure coconut oil the coconut oil is
the is you know that's the magic and
then this one's colored yellow you can
use regular coconut oil it doesn't give
that yellow look to the popcorn it'll
stay white so if you want yellow get the
yellow coconut oil I'll provide links
flava poll and the bag that's at Sam's
Club the kernels but this stuff's all on
Amazon including the popcorn machine
superior popcorn calm awesome popcorn
machine but $147 I believe and if you
have Amazon Prime free two-day shipping
who gives you free two-day shipping on a
big buddy like this yeah
[Music]