DVM is coming at you today with kind of
a hygiene thing with our chickens making
another dust bath
I like these take an old cheap concrete
mixing tub from Menards or whatever big
plastic tub you have it's probably about
six to eight inches tall and we're just
gonna turn it into a dust bath and the
chicken coop I like to do this about
once a year I take the one I have in
there and I clean it out which is what
we did with this bin and then I put new
sand in it and new earth in it and I
leave it for my Birds
this is a good way to stop mites and
lice and other parasites from getting on
your bird's skin and the birds like to
peck at this stuff I like to use sand in
it so obviously they'll peck at that
they'll get some of the dust in their
intestinal system and of course that
helps them with worms so we head out to
the coop here we've got just to make a
little bit more room again we pull out
the tub we wash it out dump everything
out of it and then kind of start fresh
so Anna here is just clearing the spot
out of shavings again and then we put
the tub kind of in a corner that's where
we like to put it and the first thing we
put it in is sand and I really like
place and I like that fine kind of dense
sand really really really kind of gives
that grit to it when they roll they like
that the other thing I like about it is
is play sand is it's not dusty it's not
hard on the respiratory system of the
bird which is very very good and you
could use place hand on its own you
could use any other dirt surface you
probably really want but I like place
and also because it's going to mix
really well with the earth I'm gonna put
in it there's different types of earths
to use I'm using one that's literally
labeled you know dust bath for chickens
it's a it's like a dioecious type earth
which i think is made from different
types of you know like types of
crustacean or algae type remnants it
it's very powdery fine and it's very
sharp to the parasites like lice and
mites and they don't like it when the
chickens roll in it so we just take the
whole container and we basically put it
in with the place and Anna here is just
kind of
dump it in once she gets it dumped in
we're gonna start mixing it up there is
a little bit of dust to this I've never
really liked that but there's not much I
can do about it it's ground so fine but
once you get a mixed in with the sand
the birds come in here and roll around
and kick and make little you know circle
spots in it I noticed very very little
dust so she's gonna mix this in once she
gets this mixed in we'll be able to let
the chickens at it normally once I put
this in the coop the first thing the
chickens want to do is peck at it like I
said they they like to get some sand
they like to get a little bit of that
grit to them this you know helps us that
we don't always have to have you know
grit in their feed to by the way and we
let them do it we don't have any issue
with it because like I said getting a
little bit of Earth inside their
intestinal tracts will help keep away
the parasites internally too so once she
gets this all mixed up we'll let the
birds in here I think right now in in
the chicken coop here there's a bunch of
golden comets and as you can see they
they go right in it they they like it
they know exactly what this is like this
is kind of their spot to roll and kick
up dust and little you know probably
bathing area in the corner I'd highly
recommend one of these in your coop
fairly inexpensive to do I think the
dust costs like you know maybe ten to
fifteen dollars a bag a place and
literally cost three dollars at Menards
it is not a very expensive project at
all on the birds love it and it's
something to do it's good for their
health it helps keep the mite and lice
load down in the coop you also can take
the earth and sprinkle it in your
shavings but since we a couple times a
year clean out all the shavings the coop
and throw them out I typically don't do
that
you'll notice the one bird here does
have some earth on her back after she
just rolled in it she wasn't able to
quite catch on the camera they just
shake that off and you know step out of
the box when they're ready it's a great
thing to have in a coop folks I'd highly
recommend a dust bath in your chicken
coop it's it's a way to keep them clean
and doing better thanks for watching
please like and subscribe we'll keep
putting out great videos on the farm and
on the fish tanks thanks folks