[Music]
I'm amazed at what kind of great stuff
you get as donations and you usually
wash everything I do cuz you never know
what you got like this is
cute oh like like that exactly that
doesn't look like anything made it looks
like spaghetti sauce oh I'll show you my
favorite trick I get Don Ultra Original
Scent I put just a tiny little quarter
size drop on it okay rub that in there
I'll do the same thing with this mhm um
so I don't have to go out and get extra
spot remover I know then we just toss it
in here you want to pop one of those in
yes let's get the rest of this laundry
in here it's amazing the quality of this
stuff people are so generous yes they
are I think that was all cotton so let's
just do a normal wash on that and then
we'll come back that's a fancy washer
you got thank
you you know to me it's all about the
double Duty like things to make life
easier MH let's see if these
worked look at that perfect wow that's
awesome that's nice and where's the
shirt that's awesome it does dishes and
so much more wow awesome I can use this
for Daniel's uh football uniform you're
always dealing with stains on that huh
always you know with me having the six
kids and all and Daniel's and all these
activities football and karate and he's
always messing up his clothes so to find
the dish detergent that will just take
the stains out like that that's
unbelievable well you know anytime I can
find something that serves two purposes
like I used to kid sidewalk chalk for
sewing and for like where I hang
pictures on the wall I'm like one
purchase multiple uses that's why I love
the Dawn Ultra
start got to make life easier for us
parents you know