hey guys it's the reran I'm going to
show you how you can take your old dirty
garage with a bunch of cracks in it and
all you need to spend is about
$125 and you can make it look like
[Applause]
[Music]
this okay so here you have a standard
average garage floor that has got got a
bunch of stains on it it's dirty it's
got oil stains and it's also got some
big cracks in it from the concrete
heaving so I'm going to show you an easy
garage floor kit that will make it look
brand new so the first thing we need to
do is sweep it up and clean it up and
also if you have any cracks you want to
make sure you sweep those and get any
debris out of them especially if they're
wide and they have a lot of dust and
debris in them second thing we need to
do is wash it we want to wash that floor
rinse it off
and then what you can do as soon as you
get some water on there get a scrub
brush and start scrubbing away on some
of those oil stains and any other stains
and then after you rinse that off you
also want to spray out those cracks and
remove any other debris and dirt from
those so as you can see here there's
still a giant oil stain that needs to be
removed and you may not get it all off
but we're going to use something a
little bit tougher to try to dig down
and get some of that oil out of there
and anything else that that could be on
the floor so we're going to pressure
wash this
[Music]
floor now here's the best bang for your
buck it's a Rustoleum product called
epoxy shield and you can get it in Gray
or in tan color and it comes with
everything you need and here's a couple
tools you need for the job a broom a
wire brush and a wire brush
attachment what we're going to do with
these cracks now that the floor is dry
is we're going to go over it with a wire
brush and make sure we rough up those
edges and get rid of any other debris or
any loose pieces loose concrete kind of
like this piece right here we want to
get rid of those before we patch this
crack with some mud and since this
garage floor has giant cracks and other
holes in it you really want to make sure
that you use a mud and then you can get
like a cement mix mud that you can put
on those cracks but that way it'll keep
it from any moisture coming up from the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
ground now as soon as you get all your
cracks done you want to let it dry
overnight so it turns nice white and
it's nice and hard and then you're going
to be ready to paint so here's the
product a Rustoleum epoxy garage kit
this is for 2 and 1/2 car garage kit
covers 5 100 ft this is what comes in it
it's got two parts there's two 1gallon
um cans in there part A and Part B comes
with the flakes and it also comes with
the epoxy part part A and Part B that's
the activator they add and it also comes
with etching that you can use on your
concrete if you think you need to
sometimes you do sometimes you don't so
what I did here already is I cut in
around the edge and I did just half the
garage and now it's time to start
rolling
now this Epoxy paint is pretty thick so
you got to work pretty fast and you
can't stop and talk to somebody or
whatever you got to get this job done
right away because this Epoxy paint will
dry out and start hardening
up and as soon as you get a small
section like this nice and covered up
then you can just take those Flakes and
you just sprinkle those flakes in at
whatever thickness that you want it to
be
[Music]
[Applause]
and then just keep working in those
small sections so that you can reach and
sprinkle those flakes on there and do
half the garage and then it's time to do
the other
half and you're almost done and you want
to make sure that you conserve your
Epoxy paint so that you don't run out
and you have enough for the end but just
keep uh doing small sections sprinkling
it on making sure that floor is nice and
covered
[Music]
[Applause]
and once you get the whole floor done it
should be about 24 hours till you can
walk on it and then it should be about 7
days until you can drive a vehicle on it
but this is what it should look like
once you're done it hardens up and it
looks really really good makes your
garage look awesome I hope this video
helped you out good luck with your own
garage floor kit thanks for watching and
I'll see you later
make sure you check out my channel And
subscribe I've got tons of videos on
just about any topic you could think of
thanks for
[Music]
[Applause]
watching break
[Music]
[Applause]
down break down