welcome to Janet's planet where we're
traveling at the speed of thought did
you feel up your thinking tank this
morning if your bedtime is eight pm and
you get up at 7am then your body hasn't
had any food in 11 hours you've got to
feed the machine your body stores up
glucose and sugar in the blood your
liver releases it as energy throughout
the day in the form of glycogen if you
skip breakfast your body will run out of
glycogen by the middle of the morning
you'll feel tired you'll have a hard
time concentrating and you'll probably
be cranky studies show that kids who eat
breakfast make better grades foods high
in sugar raise blood sugar levels too
quickly and trigger hunger and
sleepiness focus on a blend of protein
and carbohydrates carbs will give an
energy boost and protein will be the
staying power that keeps your body and
mind strong let your mind revolve around
this thought fuel up your thinking tank
with a healthy breakfast and that's the
view from Janet's planet this healthy
kids adventure brought to you by chance
what a Children's Hospital