hi I'm Darren at the grow show and these
are smart pot aeration containers smart
pot containers are alternative method to
traditional container gardening smart
pot aeration containers make all the
difference focusing on purely on your
root zone the aeration aids in your root
zone development it aids in the drainage
of your plant and aids in the
temperature of your root zone all are
key factors that are often overlooked by
beginning gardeners first we're going to
talk about how the aeration aids in your
root zone development the fabric
container is a smart pot allow for your
roots dispersed evenly within a
container smart pause cloth container
walls allow for good support of your
plant while allowing for optimal root
development when roots hit the sidewalls
of this container they continue to grow
and hit the air when they hit the
outside air the roots prune and in
setting set and instead of sending
signals to the top of the plant that's
being restricted the roots continue to
grow from within this also then creates
more horizontal roots to grow off of
your main tap roots and focuses on a
more stronger root development base and
ball as composed to long wispy roots
that really go nowhere your root zone
wants a stretch from the base of your
plant in all which directions outwards
and downwards in a traditional plastic
pot when the roots at the sides of the
container they'll start to bind inwards
on the plant this sends messages the top
of the plant that is not building a
jerusem properly and it begin to
actually restrict your plant growth the
great thing about smart pot aeration
containers is that when the roots hit
the sidewalls of these containers are
continuing to grow right through and
when they hit the open air they'll
actually prune and those messages won't
be sent to your plant base instead we'll
continue to grow healthy and happy and
vibrant routes whether growing outdoors
or indoors temperature is always a huge
factor
however temperature of your root zone is
often overlooked by beginning gardeners
on an 80 degree day the temperature
inside a typical black plastic container
can reach over 125 degrees in a smart
pot aeration container these cloth pots
actually allow for your roots to breathe
and flow with the ambient temperature of
your environment causing a much cooler
root zone the black plastic absorbs
light and creates heat suffocates your
roots while the smart pot roots can
breathe smart pot aeration containers
offer premium drainage when compared to
other types of containers the smart pot
cloth fabric allows for water drainage
to come from all sides your pot not just
the bottom
also most plastic containers aren't
supplied with sufficient drainage holes
the bottom there pot leading to water
buildup which can cause mold problems
root rot problems and most of all over
watering which is a very common problem
in beginning gardeners the added
drainage of the smart pot aeration
containers also aids in flushing your
fruit or flower I can for three times
its size of water through this container
and the container just going to contain
stocking - it's not going to hold more
than the medium will all that excess
what water is just going to run off and
leach your soil it's going to allow for
your soil to be cleaned and rinsed it's
going to allow for your fruit or flower
to be cleaned and rinsed especially if
you're working with consumables
vegetables drainage is key one wanting
to cleanse your fruit whether it's your
regular watering or your final flush
smart pot aeration containers offer
maximum drainage when compared to
plastic containers smart pots burst to
competition we've already talked a lot
about smart pots where's your typical
black plastic containers now let's talk
about smart paws versus clay and ceramic
pots smart pots versus raised beds and
smart pot versus decorative containers
compared to a clay or ceramic pot a
smart pot is extremely more affordable
than paying for clim ceramic which can
be very fragile especially if you're
moving this plan around the area also
the aeration and drainage is always
going to be superior than your clay pot
your clay pot usually has no drinkin
tools if any and you really really have
to be careful over watering like I said
it's one of the main problems in
beginning gardeners is over watering and
these pots just aid in that smart pots
can even be as beneficial as a raised
bed in our larger style smart pots you
can still grow your gourds and potatoes
and they're more portable a lot of
people don't have the room in their yard
for a large raised bed or they don't
have the sunlight for it with a smart
pot they're portable they're small and
you can get a lot done in the confined
area also raised beds are quite
expensive and cost manual labor to build
not to mention the extreme mounts of
soil you use with a smart pot the
containers are cheap the soil is
available and you can do it yourself
smart pods burst decorative containers
are you kidding me just put a smart pot
inside it and a story smart pot aeration
containers are made of durable fabric
that is reusable their machine wash safe
and should hold up the test of time the
most important key the smart pot
aeration containers is root mass
development your typical plastic
containers roots have a tendency to bind
and wind you don't get an even thick
root ball you're really looking for a
strong healthy proportional to the plant
root mass bigger the root the bigger
your fruit now smart pot average
containers when the roots hit the side
containers begin to air prune it allows
for structure and development within
instead of your plastic container you
have your main tap roots that continue
to bind and wind smart pot aeration
containers and the pruning of the roots
promote for new root chutes to grow off
of your existing tap roots making for
more healthier tap roots that are able
to reach and uptake nutrients from
further away here's a grow so we got
smart pops in any size you need to down
three gallon five gallon seven ten
fifteen twenty heck we got four by four
bed liners you want bigger than that
smart pot will make it for you up to a
thousand gallons even special order
anything you're looking for if you want
to know what smart pot size is right for
you come on down to the grow show in
michigan or step online to the grow show
org and order one for you today