bacon bacon is one of the great things
that you can cook first in your
cast-iron and it's also good for the
bacon because it makes it nice and
crispy so take the bacon out we're just
going to cut it up and make bacon bits
out of this bacon and it helps to get
some flavor going in the cast iron and
it also creates some good grease for
cooking later you can add the bacon
grease to your dishes and man I really
need to sharpen this knife here cut the
bacon into strips kind of break it up
with your fingers just cut into about an
inch to quarter of an inch quarter of an
inch wide keep going
sure to go a lot quicker if you had a
sharp knife huh almost done magic
Bacon's cut up fire on we're going to be
cooking this at a medium heat we don't
need any grease so just put your bacon
straight into the pan and as the pans
heating up we're going to break up our
bacon here and it will become a lot
easier to break up as it starts
releasing the grease that's in it give
it a stir as the bacon warms up the
grease and oils come out and it will
start to get nice and separated all by
itself
let it sit for a few minutes like that
and listen to the sound and enjoy the
smells cooking this much bacon takes a
little bit longer than cooking strips
individually so you want to spread it
out in the pan and then just kind of let
it sit there for a while but not too
long because we don't want it to burn
start burning on the bottom of the pan
so it kind of keep stirring it and
spreading it around every few minutes
every minute or two
once again this is on a medium heat all
right we're getting getting there just
keeps giving it a nice stir and you can
see how the bacon is actually reducing
down or shrinking down alright so this
is about done we want to drain some of
that grease out and then we're going to
add the bacon back to make it nice and
crispy look at all this good bacon
grease here that's going to make for
some good cookin later take out our
bacon pieces here I'm going to put them
on a paper towel to soak up some of the
grease bacon magic right there looks
good okay let's add our grease into our
jar I stored in a mason jar these work
really well
airtight with the lid on you can start
the refrigerator so let's add the bacon
grease in here this is from a previous
bacon cook be careful because this
grease is going to be extremely hot so
do it next to a sink or something if you
can or put a towel underneath it there
we go not a drop spilled go ahead and
fill up our jar here perfect amount of
grease probably back on it make sure
your rim is clean
you
good go add our bacon back into the pan
here just a little bit more crunchy as
what we want just a little bit and dump
it back in we're going to cook this on a
medium low heat setting and we want to
cook out a little bit more of the oils
and Beggan fats and get them just a
little bit more crispy these bacon
pieces here so spread them out let them
sit for a few minutes on a medium low
heat and then we'll be good to go we'll
be done here we are
empty them on to a another paper towel
there and these bacon bits you know you
can cut these down to the size that you
want there we go
finished product spread them out let the
paper towel soak up the juice and you
can even cut these down smaller you can
dice them up if you wanted smaller
alright bacon pieces are done and these
are going to be way better than any
store-bought bacon pieces you can buy a
guarantee it and you got your flavoring
seasoning going in your cast iron and
you got your bacon grease to cook with
later if you notice earlier on in the
video it looked like the pan was getting
a little stuff built up on the bottom of
it due to the cooking next video I'm
going to upload we're going to talk
about cleaning the cast iron the proper
way to clean them out and then to just
oil them down so they're ready for their
next cooking all right thanks a lot