[Music]
if the pumps have not been charged
within the past 48 hours you must
recharge the pumps prior to sampling
start the pumps as they need to warm up
for at least 3 minutes before you begin
sampling if you need information on
calibrating pumps prior to sampling
please view our pump calibration with
filter video
the recommended pump flow rate is 2
liters per minute
to begin sampling attach one end of the
tygon tubing to the pump attach a new
unopened 25 millimeter cassette to the
tubing from the pump by removing the nib
from the long narrow stem of the
cassette outlet do not remove the cap or
nib from the inlet of the cassette until
sampling begins the entire inlet cap
will be removed prior to sampling for an
open-face sample attach the pump to the
workers belt or pocket either in back or
on the side bring the tubing up and
around their back use the tubing clip to
attach the tubing in place along the
shirt to restrict its movement attach
the filter to the shirt collar
remove the inlet cap of the cassette
using a cassette opener coin or
screwdriver
turn on the pump
to the minute that you started the pump
remember to filled blanks are required
for up to 20 asbestos samples with 10%
blanks above 20 samples blanks should
accompany the monitor during all periods
except actual sampling for more detailed
information watch our filled blanks
video the counter records the minutes
the pump is operating and should read
zero when you start the test caution do
not overload the filter with dust high
levels of non fibrous dust particles may
obscure fibers on the filter and lower
the count or make counting impossible if
more than about 25 to 30% of the field
area is obscured with dust the result
may be biased low smaller air volumes
may be necessary when there is excessive
non asbestos dust in the air after
sampling is complete turn off the pump
remove the cassette and immediately
install the end cap and nibs on both
ends of the cassette
record the time remove the equipment and
perform a post calibration preferably in
an area with the same approximate
temperature as was used during the pre
calibration then record the flow rate on
the pump calibration sheet place the
cassettes in the ziplock bag for
shipment to gulfs and laboratories then
complete the chain of custody form it is
important that you include all the
information requested in order to ensure
the turnaround time of your samples
remove the pink copy and keep this for
your records send the white and yellow
copies in with the samples to the lab in
the large ziplock bag questions contact
SGS golson's by phone or IH live chat
you