[Music]
starting seed indoors as early as 10
weeks before the last frost gives you a
jump on the growing season start by
gathering everything you'll need use
only good fresh seed carefully chosen
for your particular needs and growing
conditions start in a planting mix or a
soilless mixture of Pete and vermiculite
or other mediums like coconut core if
you're using homemade planting mix
that's made of compost or garden Lo be
sure to sterilize it first by baking in
an oven at 180Â° for 30 minutes this will
prevent your seedlings from damping off
or falling prey to other
problems choose the correct size flat or
starting pots and be sure to sterilize
any that you've reused with a mild
bleach solution no matter what kind of
Potter planting mix you use always
provide adequate
drainage heat is crucial to seed
starting a heat mat will keep the soil
in your starting pots at the correct
temperature for germination covering
pots with a loose layer of plastic wrap
also helps maintain heat and moisture
before seeds germinate the other
important component is light even a
South face and kitchen window won't give
seedlings the 12 or more hours of light
required to keep plants growing growing
properly a simple T5 fluorescent setup
whether it's part of a system or just a
fixture you hang above the plants will
prevent your seeds from becoming
leggy starting seeds indoors and
monitoring their growth is a rewarding
late winter family project that gives
your garden a head start come spring