all right guys today we're going to make
some italian sausage or cook it and
italian sausage you just pork in it you
want to make sure to get it fully cooked
there's a few different methods some
people will boil it some people pan sear
it grill it we're going to be doing it
in the pan here kind of steam it first
and then give it a nice sear after it's
really simple and easy to do so what you
need is your italian sausage
you know pan with the cover now my cover
just kind of fits inside here as you can
see it doesn't matter there's no
preference to that it just it just
doesn't fit the pan perfectly but it can
just fit on the pan perfectly there's
nothing
no point to why i have it like this
inside the pan i have about a half a cup
of water
i'm going to start kind of by steaming
the sausage so i'm going to turn on my
heat
to a medium high heat throw in my
sausages
and cover them up
now let them cook here and steam until
the water is almost gone and it's going
to be about 10 minutes you're going to
want to cook these so we're going to go
ahead and let these steam for 10 minutes
and then show you guys the next step
after it's been about 10 minutes as you
can see here
this is about what they'll look like
they're cooked mostly done now
probably about three-fourths cooked now
what we need to do though is sear them
in the outside and as you can see i have
a little water left over so i'm gonna go
ahead and dump this water out of the pan
and come back and show you what we need
to do next
all right now that our pan is clear of
water i'm gonna sear these on each side
i'm going to add in a little bit of
olive oil
and we're going to finish cooking these
by
letting them sit and cook on medium high
heat for about 10 more minutes
good sear you're going to want to keep
flipping you don't want to burn one side
and i'm going to do one other thing
which is not needed but i had some extra
onions sitting around so you can throw
in any extra flavor and you want onions
are good
if you like garlic all types of stuff
you can throw in peppers but i just had
some onions at home so i'm going to
throw those in
and now we're just gonna sear each side
for about five minutes so i'm gonna go
ahead and get that going and show you
guys as i flip and when we're done
all right so it's been about five
minutes staring on the one side as you
can see we're starting to get some nice
color there so go ahead and flip it over
and now we just have to cook about five
more minutes on this side
all right it's been five more minutes
and as you can see both sides are now
seared nice go ahead and take them out
and that's
our final product