hey guys it's Nika welcome back to my
channel so today I'm coming at you with
another recipe welcome to another
episode of good so today I'm going to be
cooking uh something really simple it
can be sweet or savory it's a New
Mexican recipe not from Mexico it's from
New Mexico called so pytheas I don't
know if I'm saying it right probably not
but you know it once you see it you'll
probably be able to you'll probably be
able to distinguish what it is and you
can tell me how to say it correctly
please don't forget to subscribe to be
notified of any new videos I post recipe
videos health videos family Beauty if
you're interested make sure you
subscribe and with that let's get into
the video hi you guys welcome to another
voiceover so today what today I mean
right now I'm just adding my dry
ingredients and all the ingredients are
going to be listed down below and also
right now I'm going to be adding all of
it on the screen for you to screenshot
if you're watching on a mobile device
and then after all that's in I'm going
to take my water yes I measured it out
with my daughter's bottle so it the only
thing I would do different and this part
is add it slowly because you may not
need all of the water and then mix it
all together and then also add in the
oil
Elvia moving on so I'm just putting down
some flour on my surface so I can roll
out my dough as you can see it's a
little bit sticky but as I knead it more
it will soften up and come together also
a lot more so I'm adding a little more
flour and just kneading it until it's
nice and soft
I'm just kneading away maybe need okay
so once you're done kneading it you're
going to place it back in the bowl that
you used to mix everything with and then
place a damp cloth over it I just took a
couple paper towels wet it under the
sink real fast I ring-ring dit out wrung
it out you guys know I'm troubled with
my words and I just placed it on top and
I'm just gonna put it in the microwave
not turn it on or anything and let it
sit for about 15-20 minutes and then I'm
ready to start working with it again
we're going to go ahead and roll out the
dough and sorry my bad it's not in focus
but you guys get the point you're going
to roll out the dough to about the
thickness that you see in the video and
then when that is done you're going to
go ahead and start cutting up the pieces
traditionally it's in triangles but
honestly I just did it until whatever
shape that I felt it really doesn't
matter it still pays boom either way
when that's done it should be looking
like that or you know triangles or
whatever shape you want we're going to
pop it into the oil and once it's in the
oil it won't puff up right away it will
sink down and then float back up to the
top my bad you guys my son is in the
background so my bad if you hear him as
I was saying it's going to come back to
the top and once it reaches the top
you're going to just throw a little bit
of oil on it and that's what's going to
make it puff up you're going to go ahead
and fry that all the way until it's nice
and golden brown and once that's
complete it should look something like
that
we are done if you guys decide to try it
the recipe please let me know down below
in the comments section I would love to
know if you guys are trying out any
recipes that I'm posting if there's
anything specific you'd like to see
please let me know also down below and I
will see you guys next time on the next
episode of good bye e mmm
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]