in today's DIY video I'm going to be
showing you how you can make your own
custom branded labels to go inside blank
t-shirts like this one here I've got a
little t-shirt company called Lila no
kids that I started when I was in
university and I make t-shirts and sell
them on a print to order basis so I
really make a t-shirt when I get in
order come in that means I don't have to
invest a lot of money in a lot of stock
and keep all the merchandise in my flat
but because of that it's really hard to
get your t-shirts custom branded
companies just don't do that on a
one-off basis so I've figured out a DIY
way to do it myself using a piece of
ribbon and some transfer paper I'm going
to show you how to do that the first
step is obviously to design your label I
did this in Adobe Illustrator just
because that's what I'm comfortable with
but you can use whatever software you
prefer I measured the width of the
ribbon I was going to use and laid out a
box that was that sighs then I included
my logo the size of the t-shirt and on
the back I had a little line about the
company in the URL with closing labels
there are varying laws depending on what
country you're in about what information
has to go on it like you have to include
I think washing instructions the makeup
of the fabric and the country of origin
and I don't want to miss it in here
there and that would just involve
printing to find a detail onto my
transfer papers so instead I decided
just to leave the original label in for
that and cover up the brand label from
the blank t-shirt because we're going to
put this on transfer paper you have to
make sure your design is reversed before
you print it I know it's confusing that
it'll end up the right way once you have
heat press it onto the fabric so just go
with me here so I just fit as many of my
designs as possible onto an a4 sheet and
then printed that with inkjet transfer
paper my lovely friend luthier let you
borrow a printer for this so thank you
know if you're watching you'll end up
with sheets with lots of little labels
on them so what you want to do next is
cut them out I don't want the gray
borders to be included on my actual
label so I use them as a guide to cut
out the piece from the middle this is
the ribbon I'm going to use for my
labels it's got a herringbone pattern on
it and it seems to be quite good quality
I've got Amazon
a link to it down below so you can check
it out as well so I cut this into a few
six and a half centimeter pieces to make
my labels place each side of your label
design face down onto the ribbon leaving
a little gap in the middle so that
you're going to fold it in half easily
and then follow the instructions on your
transfer paper some need more heat some
need to be pressed for longer and this
transfer paper that I use required more
pressure than it did heat so I was
pressing down hard with the iron and I
put a cloth in between just so that my
iron wasn't accidentally lifting up and
moving the little pieces of transfer
paper that si was pressing then you can
peel off the backing of the transfer
paper while it's still warm and it
should come away nice and cleanly then
fold the ribbon in half and press down
on it to crease the ribbons so it'll
stay in the label shape trim the end of
the ribbon to get it even and then very
carefully run a lighter over it just to
seal the edges and stop it fraying to
stick the label onto the t-shirt I'm
going to be using hemming tape this
stuff holds fabric together by heating
it I think it's some sort of gluey stuff
inside I don't know all I know is it
works so I cut that to size one side for
the back and the front of the label and
then what I'm going to do is stick the
label over top of the brand label that's
already in the t-shirt place your label
just under the scene so that there's a
nice neat finish and then follow the
instructions on the hemming tape mine
says to put a damp cloth over top and
then press down with an iron until that
cloth is dried a bit and that means the
hemming tape will work so there you have
your label in your t-shirt it's machine
washable and because we tucked it
underneath the seam it means that it's
not going to be itchy or annoying
sitting in the back there
I think these labels add a really
professional finishing touch to my
t-shirts and I'm really excited about
them if you want to check out the
t-shirts in my store then you can do
that there'll be a link down below
they're all designs that are like
inspired by music so if that's your
thing you might like them if you're
interested in starting up your own
t-shirt company then I do have a
playlist that will probably really come
in handy for you it's full of videos
about screen printing and setting up an
online store and talking about how I
started my little business so that would
be linked down below in the description
box I would love it if you gave this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you'd like to
hear more from me and I'll see you
hi