hi I'm a welcome to the video surprise
of the day today we're in the bathroom
changing a toilet seat so I actually
went ahead and replaced it but I'm going
to show you how I've done it on a Kohler
tour the C so this is an elongated one
but you also could buy the circular one
and this particular one that I purchased
it's a replacement seat so this one has
a number are four six three six - oh is
call this name over here and it's the
Vantage quick-release it's the colors
white by the way let's learn a little
bit more you located bow seat pretty
easy to install they see when you need
to do is just take the clip out lift
this up and insert it put the screws
through then twist into twisty so just
twisty just twist all the way up twists
and turns and twists another way to do
it is probably use a screwdriver and
twist this thing hold the bottom at the
same time on each one then screw it in
once you screw it all tight that's your
point is and that's what I see and
vanishes destroy the C space of this
besides that it doesn't move back and
forth
no more toilet seats that slam am i
doing all my toilet seats in the house
no slow-mo I'm not changing the speed on
this camera and it doesn't move back and
forth see ya very good toilet seat very
good fit
whew it's good too by the OEM one
possible for replacement yeah so you can
lift the toilet seat try that again okay
there you go so that's the video
surprise it a day I purchase this one
from Home Depot right away so I'm sure
you can find out other places as well -
maybe so when you need the screwdriver
you know it's not loose but better
looseness loosening and easy to clean
perfect fit it took me like 10 minutes
to do so I'll just let you know and once
again that's the video surprise of the
day and this is the this brand from
holder step bandage quick release okay
hope you liked the video and let's see
you next time