breakfast is the worst meal of the day
now this might come as a shock to most
people because there is this big
misconception that breakfast is the most
important meal of the day it is not the
most important meal but far from it if
you want to live longer while looking
younger have less body fat and reduce
the risk of cancer along with many other
diseases breakfast is the worst meal of
the day now I will explain what I mean
by that but first
hey man are you going to subscribe to
Prime I'm
rolling I'm a big fan of implementing
easy steps to get huge results and
that's exactly what you will get using
this approach it is called intermittent
fasting research on intermittent fasting
started as early as before the second
world war where they tested it on rats
but it has never really been popularized
until very recently and their research
proved that rats increased their
lifespan significantly and were less
likely to develop cancer they also found
that rats brought up on intermittent
fasting grew perfectly and had less body
fat than other rats but why has these
impressive discoveries never been
endorsed to society earlier one reason
is simply because the media and big
Corporation doesn't want you to know
this intermittent fasting doesn't cost a
thing and corporations find it hard to
make money from it if the food industry
endorsed intermittent fasting it might
might as well run out of
business researchers began studying the
effects of people during the Islamic
holy month of Ramadan where Muslims
avoid eating from Sunrise till sunset
and once the sun sets they pretty much
binge eat initially scientists believe
that this shift from eating throughout
the day to restricting the window of
eating to only a few hours would cause
catastrophic health problems their
prediction was that people would get fat
and Ill from literally gorging without
portune control however their results
prove the exact opposite they were
losing fat keeping muscle reducing the
risk of high blood pressure heart
disease and diabetes without any special
Foods tell me another approach that
brings this kind of drastic results and
is so easy to implement all you have to
do is not eat
breakfast you should know that
intermittent fasting is not a diet you
are not going to restrict your
calories it's not unus you to
it's not un you will only need to
restrict the time you eat throughout the
day typically to 8 hours it's really
that simple if you eat your last meal
around 8:00 p.m. and Skip breakfast the
next morning to have your first meal
around noon you have successfully fasted
for 16 hours leaving you with an 8h hour
eating window within this 8-hour eating
window you should aim for two to three
meals but uh what about six more small
meals a day you got to keep metabolism
high and avoid starvation mode six small
meals a day if you eat 2,000 calories
within six small meals compared to
eating one huge meal of 2,000 calories
you will still burn the same 2,000
calories if you keep eating six small
meals a day your chances of burning fat
reduces because the body will get its
energy from glycogen storage and blood
sugar keeping fat reserves intact and
unused glycogen and blood sugar will
become depleted first of to 6 to 8 hours
without eating and once you wake up and
have breakfast you will restore that
depletion by eating every 2 to 3 hours
you will never allow fat storage to be
used as energy and I've talked more
about this subject in another video that
you can watch here starvation mode do
exist but it doesn't come into play
until 72 to 96 hours after completing
the last meal that's 3 to 4 days not 3
to 4 hours the reason for this all stems
back to our ancestors
they had to hunt and gather food in
order to survive and it would often take
them several days for them to do that as
humans we are meant to alternate between
fasting and feasting between going for
long periods without food and then eat
huge amounts of food in a short time
it's only very recently in our long
history that humans have access to food
all hours around the clock and it's also
one of the reasons so many people are
sick and
obese intermittent fasting also has
incredible effects on on releasing
natural human growth hormone and Dr
Michael Vander Sheldon talks about this
on his fantastic YouTube channel which I
will link in the description human
growth hormone also known as the fitness
hormone is responsible for a number of
health benefits such as fat loss muscle
growth longevity anti-aging healing cell
repair amongst others and we have known
for a long time that when we sleep
that's when we release most of our
growth hormone and this is because
insulin and human growth hormone are IND
directly related and when insulin is
elevated you cannot release human growth
hormone insulin is only released after
you've had a freshly consumed
meal now when you sleep you haven't
consumed a meal for some time and
Insulin drops making the body release
human growth hormone and what's so
special and unique with intermittent
fasting is that you expand the time of
fasting which allows significant amounts
to be released I'm not talking about 50
or 60% increase which would also be
fantastic I'm talking
1,300% for
women and up to 2,000% for men of pure
natural release of human growth
hormone these numbers are unheard of
it's absolutely ridiculous you might not
agree with this or think I make these
numbers up however there is scientific
research to back it up yes
science another huge benefit that comes
with intermittent fasting is the effect
it has on the brain as I discussed
earlier when you're in that fasted state
with no glycogen the body turns to fat
for energy and as this happens Ketone
bodies are released into the bloodstream
which your brain prefers over other
sources of energy the release of ketones
will increase your focus concentration
ability to remember while simultaneously
reducing the risk of Alzheimer's and
Parkinson's disease it also increases
the bdnf the brain derived neurotrophic
Factor by 400%
which helps activate stem cells in the
brain to make new brain cells neurons
and
nerves now do you still feel like eating
breakfast at this point I hope I managed
to convince you somewhat to at least
check out the possibility to skip it try
it for a few weeks and evaluate how you
feel it will be tough for the first week
or two but once the body gets used to it
you won't look back if you enjoy this
video give it a thumbs up and make sure
to subscribe to keep yourself primed