good it's Sal lawn expert here um just
behind me I'm going to show you some uh
some onion Weed and how we can control
it so um uh I I'll take you into the um
uh front lawn of this customer of ours
and have a look at some onion sorry some
onion grass as opposed to onion Weed and
how you can treat it how you can select
itively remove it from the cooch or the
Bermuda grass as they call it in America
okay let's have a look the type of weed
that we're looking at here on the edge
of this cooch or
Bermudagrass and it's the long stringy
type
stuff that is
uh that's um onion grass as opposed to
onion Weed and can be treated with with
Destiny uh sorry I'll say that again it
can be treated with with Destiny that's
Destiny herbicide made by Bayer and it
targets onion
Weed and onion grass and and a few other
weeds in all grasses except for rye
grass and queens land blue cooch uh cuz
it'll do damage to those but anyway
that's uh that's a hint for um your
contractors um if you want to Target
onion Weed or onion grass this is onion
grass and it can be targeted by Destiny
Destiny herbicide
[Music]