hi guys today only what some cook we are
making one of my favourite little
appetizers fried mozzarella sticks but
we're gonna do these key little bite
sizes I thank you and they are so good
oh my god and of course it's easy to
make so let's go okay first thing I'm
gonna do is cut the cheese hunter gonna
cut this cheese into little bite-sized
pieces you can do sticks if you want to
a really easy shake but I like the
little bite-sized pieces are cute
they're easy to eat it fun to dunk in
the marinara sauce oh yeah there we have
little cubes
okay never done work on our breading
station first we're gonna add a little
bit of milk into our eggs we're gonna
beat this really well until it is
uniform in color and looking like this
all pretty and yellow I have my flour I
have some bread crumbs and croutons I'm
using these croutons right here they're
crushed up and they're so seasoned we're
gonna have to add any more spices
because these croutons are the bomb all
right okay we're gonna start by dipping
the cheese into the flour and kind of
toss it around get it coated and shake
off the excess and then place it into
your little egg and make sure here now
when you get in the egg mixture
you want it to kind of sit for a little
bit kind of soak up some of the egg and
then it'll be well coated like this
right here perfect shown and then from
the egg we're gonna go to our breadcrumb
mixture let me tell you something I
really hate and braiding things I hate
all this dipping and Duncan but you know
it is totally worth it all right so then
you want to go ahead and pack on this
bread crumb make sure you get every
single side every angle well coated you
don't want that actually showing just
like that that's perfect looks like
little chicken nuggets on it I love this
little size Sookie
okay there they are they are ready for
the oil so let me get my little deep
fryer ready oh my gosh have you guys
never try to air fryer I have not tried
them but I want to try one so bad so if
you try one I'm not I like it all right
so I'm gonna place these into the basket
of my little deep fryer and then go
ahead and place them into the oil let it
fry on them it takes like what 30
seconds maybe really really quick quick
quick so keep an eye on them you can do
this in a skillet if you want to as well
when they come out of the oil let them
drain off hit it with some Parsons make
it look all pretty get to marinara sauce
I have a recipe for this I'll post it
above and there you have something
she's little fried mozzarella cheese
sticks I see are delicious thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
new videos every Thursday and Sunday at
8 o'clock later