there's math forth Tilt bullies today
we're going to get you a good old AR
video this is gonna be my last Braden
with Nero - Raya
it's gonna be a very solid breathing so
I figured I would share a few tips with
you and how I go about doing it so as
you know in the collection video you
want to make sure that you got some non
spermicidal KY jelly Lube or whatever
you know whatever it is but non
spermicidal it's prop and you know I do
my a I kids myself out of you know just
little things it's a lot cheaper for me
to do it that way but for y'all guys
that are getting just getting started
into it it's probably better if you just
buy you a kit you get like 15 I mean
three kit setup for like 15 bucks or
something so you know it's not terrible
but I just do it this way this is how
I've been doing it um so to you know to
get it started
I got my bag my lube you don't have to
have a whole lot of this you just get
you a little a little bit I usually fold
it down like that over my hand get it in
there pretty good and you know sometimes
he's did pretty good so far with you
know being able to perform but a lot of
times you need the female to be close
where he can smell her even out with or
you know for the sake of the video we
got her in a cage and we're going to do
the same thing we get get ready for him
but you know hopefully we can get him to
do his thing and we'll get this started
for you so come on buddy so down here
under underneath is there's a little
knot behind this thing and when you're
getting going like that you're getting
pumping right into the bag
and now I'm not actually you know moving
my hand I'm just kind of grabbing
squeezing and releasing on his on the
night that's in there it'll all come out
into the bag good for you
make sure your bags grab good and then
once you got him out good you you
tighten up you pull it behind he will
you know slowly do his thing the more
you let him smell her the better you
know it's it's he's going to give for
you but you just kind of let it slowly
go into the bag sometimes it takes a
little longer
you know depend on how long you want to
hold them but he'll just kind of do its
thing
you just kind of grip release grip
release kind of you know with the motion
to heal pulse in here and that's about
it so what I'm going to do so the videos
not super long while I'm doing this
process now that you've seen it I'm
going to we're going to pause and then
when I get ready to inseminate it in her
we'll pick back up so be right back with
you we're getting close to the end he
could probably go a little longer but
for the sake of the video so that
nothing you know goes wrong I'm gonna go
ahead and get him get him switched out
and get this going I wasn't sure if I
said it before but you whenever you do
this and you get on bagged you need to
do like I did you lift the leg and pull
him back it it gives him the impression
that he's hooked because whenever they
do naturally lock they go rear to rear
so it just gives him the you know the
psychological that he's locked in and I
wanted to make you know get that in
there for you so now when you pull off
here you know let them settle back down
sometimes I kind of you know will let
them just kind of hold right here
to go down a little bit but we're not
going to do that this time for the video
I'm going to put him in here and let him
go down on his own and get them switch
down switch them on um so now you can
see here you'll have your syringe in
your in your tube so what you want to do
is you want to get down in here in your
bag and I try to keep as much air all of
it away from it as possible I don't know
if that you know has a big impact on
anything but we're going to want to
slowly and and I kind of go as slow as I
can but slowly pull this up and we get
it all get it in here and it only takes
two milliliters this is right here is
like nine and then that in there so
probably ten I only let him go for about
four minutes you know you can let them
go for 10-15 minutes you probably get 20
you know anywhere from 15 to 20
milliliters and I probably will do that
sometime to see what the full collection
on him is but most mouths I've had have
gave me at least 15 to 20 I had some
give me like 25 but uh it only takes to
two milliliters so this is more than
enough now you're also going to want to
get you some more of your lube and take
and lube up your straw here you know
that way it goes in smooth and nicely on
her come here mama so now when you go in
here you're going to want to kind of
sense
you know stimulate her just a little bit
and trying to turn her rear around here
you're gonna want to kind of
stimulate her a little bit and him you
see how it's kind of curved like that
when you go in here it needs to come up
and over this weight from the ground up
so it's curved like that which is
actually a good thing so when you go in
here you know it goes straight up and
over I didn't have to really work the
there's usually like a little knot in
there I didn't have to you know fight to
get over that or anything so you're
gonna want to kinda massage the area
while you slowly you know very slowly
push this in there and you go all the
way down so that you can make up for the
air that was in it grab the end of that
and set it back there so now that you've
got it in there you want to keep your
finger in there and kind of just massage
it so that she'll tighten tighten and
loosen tighten and loosen tighten and
loosen and another technique I hadn't
really seen I think I've seen a few
videos do that we have just now started
doing up girl started doing is once we
do this for a little bit I actually will
grab her legs and lift her up now my son
will is will hold her chest under here a
little bit so that it's not like super
stringless on her shoulders and and just
holding on her but will hold her up like
this just to kind of let everything you
know go down in and what don't do this
for long just you know just long enough
to to kind of let it do its thing so
that's about it
once you've done this for however long
do you feel comfortable with 5-10
minutes or something put her in the the
cage the building somewhere that she
does not usually use the bathroom and
you want to do that for like 20 minutes
to an hour hour and a half you know I
like to put them up for about an hour
just so that they don't pee if you let
them right now on the grass they'll pee
push a lot of it out and it would just
lessen your chances of you know actually
getting the litter but that's about it
that's what we do put them on
let him go up and then once everything's
you know locked in let him back out run
you run the yard so I appreciate y'all
if y'all have any comments any questions
anything just holler at me take it easy