okay in this video I'm going to show you
how to make this woven ninja star this
is a very cool and very durable ninja
star to make this tutorial is the slow
tutorial so in this tutorial I'm going
to be taking my time and showing you
each fold slowly so when you
step-by-step exactly how to make it this
tutorial should be easy to follow along
with okay
let's get started what we're going to
need is we're going to need four square
sheets of paper and it doesn't really
matter which size as long as all the
pieces of paper are the same size so
we're going to start with one piece and
I will show you how it's done what we're
going to do is I'm going to take this
sheet of paper and I'm going to fold
this in half like this and line up the
corners
and then crease that down okay
not then we are going to open this up
now what we're going to do is I'm going
to take this bottom edge and I'm going
to fold it just short of where this
crease is so this crease what I'm going
to do is I'm going to leave about an
eighth of an inch so about like this I
will fold this down alright so if I take
this up if you can see the the edge of
this paper is just short of the crease
and I'm going to do the same thing on
this side
so I'm going to take this edge fold it
short about an eighth of an inch crease
that down and as you can see there is a
little space between the paper so they
don't meet right up okay we are going to
do this again but this sheet this edge
right here I'm going to fold right to
the edge of this flap again not on the
crease right at the edge of this one
do the same to this side just starting
in the corner then lining up the other
corner then I will crease that down
okay turn that crease down as you can
see I still have my little gap the
reason for this is when I fold this in
half it will fold nicely
we won't bind up on me all right so
we're going to open this up right to
where we have our double folds right in
and then what I'm going to do is I'm
going to take this edge and I'm going to
fold this edge right here and I'm going
to fold it along the paper I'll squeeze
that down so as you can see that is
right along the paper not the crease
then what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take this side I'm going to open this
up just one fold so we still have one
fold down and one up then I'm going to
take this edge now I'm going to fold it
along this edge of the paper
crease that down all right here comes
the tricky part because what we need to
do is I need to leave this piece down
flop this part up while folding this
down what we're going to do is we're
going to do a reverse fold so that's
going to lay right next to it I'm going
to fold that all the way down come to a
point so we did so if we open it up we
got that little pocket so what we're
going to do at this point I'm going to
hold that pocket down and I'm going to
take this side and I'm going to fold it
right into that pocket and then fold it
all the way down so the whole thing is
inside ok see how we did that all right
now the part we have the thinner sheet
of paper I'm going to put that face down
on the table then I'm going to take this
edge and I'm going to fold this along
this edge here so I'm going to fold that
down like this
and it gets a little tough with all the
paper in the way but it'll work
ok so you see got this folded down so
the long point is at the bottom the top
is the shorter then what we're going to
do is we're going to chop that in half
we're going to fold this down and I'm
going to take this flap here and we just
folded and I'm going to tuck it into
this pocket just like that
I'm going to line these up I'm going to
push that all the way in then I'm going
to pinch this down you can see where all
the paper is nice and thick so I'm just
going to follow that down and squeeze it
and you can see they line up fairly well
all right once you have all four of
these we can move on so if you don't
have all four go ahead and pause this
video and then unpause it when you do
okay so at this point what we're going
to do now that we have all four of these
and again these can be the same color
different colors you could do four
different colors as you want I'm going
to start with the first one pointing
down with the longer side towards my
left hand shorter side up then I'm going
to take one of the green the longer side
up and I'm going to open this up this
pocket a little bit and I'm going to
slip this through just like that okay
then I'm going to take the other green
paper and then I'm going to slip this
through the orange one
this is with the long side down so it
should be the opposite have you got
there okay now I'm going to leave this
push back because our last piece what
we've got to do is we're going to do the
long side to the right I've got to slip
this through but this is the the other
side so I'm going to slip this through
in here I'm going to lift this one and
then I'm going to take this nose here
and I'm going to slip it through that
pocket just like that then I'm going to
start pushing them all together
just like this you can pull each one to
get a nice tight weave you can kind of
fix your noses on each of these points
and that is how you make the woven ninja
star okay I hope you enjoyed this video
I'll see you next time