okay hello everyone so this video is for
glory be she just commented on one of my
business telling me that she can't find
French dressing anywhere so we're gonna
make one for you and it really isn't
very hard to make you just need a couple
of ingredients that you actually
probably have at home so this is my
French dressing that I bought and if you
taste it you can actually try to
reproduce what's in there for example we
know that it has an oil base because if
you look at the ingredients behind the
bottle it does have a void so we're
gonna put some oil in our in our jar I'm
going to use a sunflower oil because you
could use olive oil but olive oil is
going to give you that taste of olive
oil so I'm gonna go for some flour cuz I
like sunflower oil is one of the best
oils you can buy out there I don't trust
a vegetable oil so much and I don't try
the saffron oil so I stick with the with
the sunflower so we're gonna use let's
see I don't want to make a huge amount
and I don't want to make I want to make
a lot because I have and I don't want to
make too little okay we're gonna start
off with half a cup well maybe a little
more than half a cup okay well let's
start off with half a cup and we'll play
it by ear okay guys and then right there
you're gonna have the full amount
ingredients even though I'll say a
teaspoon if you see that I wrote a
tablespoon it's because I went back and
added more so your ingredients will be
marked right there for you okay so we've
got half a cup oil I'm writing this down
guys so this way I won't mess up we're
gonna put some salt to that
things that I can remember early on and
we're gonna start off with maybe let's
see I'm trying to see how much oil I'm
gonna put actually measure that say okay
we're gonna say about half a teaspoon to
start we're gonna put some ketchup to
this let's see how much ketchup can we
use cuz I know for sure that has ketchup
we don't want it to red because then
it's not gonna look like
let's try one maybe two we're gonna
start off with two for now let me write
this down
- ketchup
okay I'm gonna put a little piece of
onion because you know this onion for
sure we know for sure it's got onion so
we're gonna take let's see I'm guessing
this is like about a tablespoon if I
will crush this up there we go
if I will crush this up I would say this
is about a tablespoon onion so we're
gonna put about a tablespoon of onion
into this mixture we're going to put
like a pinch of black pepper we're going
to try and make it a little more made a
nice big pinch of maybe two pinches
black pepper we're gonna put some
vinegar for sure we need vinegar mmm
yeah tangy
vinegar but I think I probably put lemon
but then it's gonna taste too much like
lemon so we're gonna put a little bit of
white vinegar and we're gonna start with
1/8 so that is half of this I'm gonna
start off with 1/8 and then we're going
to get that go and check it out okay 1/8
let me see maybe a little bit of water I
saw some water and that will see after
we've mixed it why having it garlic here
and we're gonna put a little bit of
garlic maybe half a clove of garlic and
remember we could always add right now
I'm gonna try and get it as close to
this taste that's possible so I'm going
to put half put this aside just in case
I need it we're going to put a little
bit of mustard and just a little bit so
that would be maybe a quarter about 1/4
teaspoon of mustard maybe we should just
blend that up and see if it needs
anything else I might need some paprika
for color we'll see blend this up first
and then I'm gonna tell you if there's
anything else
Oh sweetness yes sweetness so we're
gonna use some maple for that it's not
gonna be too dark we're gonna see
[Music]
hopefully it won't get too dark on me
I'm using a dark maple because that's
all I have I'm putting three tablespoons
but if you have a lighter maple maybe
some agave cuz you want to stay away
from the white white sugar right because
if you're buying the stuff I'm sure
there's white sugar in there so we're
gonna try to put a healthier sugar okay
so we're gonna blend this up and see
what it's like
a nutribullet if you want to sponsor me
I'm here guys
I'm always using your I'm always
recommending your nutribullet okay let's
just mix this up and we'll see if we're
missing anything I'm probably gonna have
to put some paprika in there yeah
definitely gonna be putting some paprika
but I want to taste it first look did I
lose that Wow I'm almost mmm Tangier a
little more vinegar okay let's put a
little more vinegar so we're gonna put
another little cup a little more mustard
so instead of a quarter at sea a half
right okay and that way we need paprika
for color let's see what I can do
we're gonna start off with one teaspoon
and see what color it gives us okay
don't need a red er we're getting there
though mm-hmm look at that oh my god you
know what more mustard so what did I say
a quarter quarter that's a hat that's a
half a teaspoon this is really good I
mean I could meet it the way it is you
put and I just break that okay that's
another quarter and we're gonna put I
don't want to go too
maybe another half a teaspoon of paprika
and I think we might have our French
dressing guys okay store-bought oh my
god the vacuum sucked and that's yeah a
little more ketchup
much ketchup that I say 2 tablespoon
we're gonna put 3 3 tablespoons of
ketchup more ketchup for sure more
ketchup we're almost there guys
maybe even more paprika get ready guys
that's store-bought and that's mine
a little lighter but Wow
pretty close guys so I would say extra
paprika we're gonna put another paprika
maybe another half I'm gonna have to
watch this video all over again to see
okay let's try this again really good
though wow that's really good
tastes almost like it there we go really
really good starbuck that's mine
and that tastes it's not even better
than this one wow I'm impressed maybe a
little extra oil but I'm impressed so
there you go guys I'm just gonna add
that little extra oil for you maybe
another two tablespoons of oil and that
should be if I won't mix it up all
together later on but I am gonna add
another two tablespoons of oil to this
mixture and and don't forget if you're
making my fish recipe I use it if you're
making the mock McDonald's hamburger the
what's a called the the Big Mac I use
our recipe also so there you go very
simple maybe a little extra paprika and
this is almost identical guys know
what's good about this yeah I'm gonna
put this back in and show you the new
color because no I'm just talking to
color is almost identical now guys I
added extra oh my god this is good okay
how good is this delicious
better than the bomb on it yeah okay so
there you go guys very simple to make
and glory be I hope you liked this
recipe and it's all stuff that you have
in the house it is it's all stuff you
have in the house I wouldn't use olive
oil because it might be a little too all
of you you want to use something that's
got a neutral flavor and some flour is
pretty good when it comes to that I use
sunflower oil for my meals so and
vinegar I would use the white vinegar
because you can taste that the original
has a white vinegar not not an apple
cider cuz that's gonna change it up a
lot but hey if you want to use apple
cider go ahead and use apple cider but
there you go French dressing two minutes
to make and you always have it handy and
when that runs out you can make a new
batch without having to run to the store
and glory be it on him and have to go
look for it now you have your
ingredients right here I hope you liked
this recipe guys and guess what
I'll see you in the next one make
yourself a healthy Big Mac for more
videos like this make sure to subscribe
to Connie's Rossum kitchen give it a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
[Music]