[Music]
hi welcome back to hhv I'm Paul mmus and
I'm an mmus and today we're going to
make some famous French dressing this
comes from an incredible book called
Simple weekly meal plans and this is
volume two it's a delicious recipe and
what's neat about it is it has no oil in
it so you know a lot of times everything
we have or a lot of dressings have oils
and so this really is a good dressing
but it has no oil excellent combination
of a few ingredients and I'm sure you're
going to enjoy this French dressing mhm
now what we're going to be doing is
putting the ingredients into the
personal blender and we love the
personal blender because it allows us to
mix things up real easily and hopefully
you have one or something similar to it
at home we are starting with a third of
a cup of organic
ketchup you want to stay with Organic
ketchup there there is no uh artificial
sweeteners in here there is no high
fructose corn syrup in here and it's
much healthier for you than your typical
ketchup which does have the high
fructose corn syrup in there a third of
a cup of raw
honey so you've got your sweetener in
here but it's from a a natural source
this
time there we go a little sticky the
honey is they are one teaspoon of minced
onion we're also using some low sodium
tamari and tamari sauce is basically a
form of a soy sauce and it's pretty good
and we're putting what one teaspoon in
here that's exactly
right there we go we also have we've
Juiced a lemon so whatever amount of of
juice it is that looks probably I don't
know maybe about a/4 of a cup yeah about
that and then we've got two small cloves
of garlic that we have chopped up and we
would probably put a little more garlic
in there just because we love garlic
garlic that's
true that's what's neat about these
recipes you just adjust them to your
taste and liking we have uh two
teaspoons of balic vinegar this is an
alternative to distilled vinegar has
much greater flavor to it and it's much
better for us and finally we have a half
a teaspoon of
paprika that is what's in your famous
French dressing so we'll put the lid of
the personal blender on it
and just put it on here and blend away
for a couple
minutes and to get everything off the
bottom you might just want to pick it up
and shake it a little bit and then put
it back on
again there you go a wonderful dressing
mhm actually it's
famous and French dressings are some
that are very popular with people they
love having this on their salads but you
can also just drizzle it on some chopped
vegetables whether they're Tomatoes
whether they're carrots whether they're
cucumber just a a very attractive
dressing and we think you'll enjoy it
quite a bit with your next salad y you
can take this and put what's left what
you don't use in a container and put it
in your salad box and that way it's
ready and you have a really good salad
dressing there when you make your next
salad so here's another quick simp
recipe from this book simple weekly meal
plans for hjv this is AM and PM we'll
see you next time
[Music]