what's up y'all I'm Kevin aka fit man
cook today I got something for that
sweet tooth for you we're making roasted
almond bark let's get to it
first thing we're gonna spread to raw
almonds on a baking sheet and lightly
sprayed in with olive oil roast them in
the oven for 20 minutes at 350 remove
them from the oven but be sure to let
them cool once they're cooled down to
room temperature then crush them using
the skillet look for those stubborn big
pieces and just break those apart with
your hands next melt dark chocolate in a
microwave-safe Bowl and cook it in
increments of 45 seconds stir it until
it's completely smooth once it's smooth
fold in the almonds and then spread it
on a baking sheet lined with parchment
paper make sure it's pretty even across
the baking sheet and if desired added
naturally dried fruit top with coarse
sea salt for a sweet and salty treat and
if you're not scared a little Texas heat
some red pepper let it cool in the
freezer for at least 45 minutes then
break it apart and serve now check out
these macros this has been fueling gains
never remember to come back next week
where we are making over your favorite
cheats
[Music]