hi guys my name is Bill and in this
video I want to go over something I did
not cover in a video I did a couple
weeks ago on the door closing of a
frigid a top freezer refrigerator I did
a little video where I showed you how to
adjust the doors how to adjust the doors
to close the gap that you might have
when the door starts to Sag so I'm going
to cover that in this video but before I
do that I want to go over an update on
the stereo after I've used it for about
a week now as far as the stereo goes I
don't have anything to complain about as
as far as the sound it sounds really
good I'm completely happy with that
however I'm not happy with the way it
looks inside the toolbox it's a little
dull on the front so what I think I'm
going to do is take that little thin
piece of wood that I used in the front
to mount the stereo in I'm going to take
that off use a piece of metal and paint
it with some gloss paint to make it
match the toolbox a little bit better so
whenever I do that I'll be sure to show
you guys now back to the step that I
forgot to show you in the video a couple
weeks ago now we got the Gap taken care
of cuz the door was sagging but we
didn't adjust the level of the
refrigerator so that the doors actually
swing closed properly and let me show
you what I'm talking about now the
desired effect here is when you open up
the door say halfway or a little bit
further and let go the door should go
closed on its own you can see this one
here kind of goes open and that's not
what we
want or it just stays in place so this
is say in the there's something going on
with the level of the refrigerator and
that's what we're going to fix now the
first thing we're going to check is the
refrigerator's level from side to side
so I got a level on top and if we take a
look at the
bubble we can see it's going to the left
so the right side of the refrigerator
sits a lot lower than the left side so
we need to raise the right side up
that's one of our problems now let's
check the level front to back now with
the level going from front to back here
if we take a
look at the
bubble the refrigerator is standing
perfectly straight up and down with the
refrigerator standing perfectly straight
up and down from front to back that's
not exactly the desired effect that we
want we want the refrigerator to lean
slightly back and that's going to serve
a couple purposes that's going to help
the door when you have it open at least
halfway or maybe a little bit more
that's going to help the door swing
closed on its own and also with the def
Frost water now if the refrigerator's
too far to one side or if it's tilted
forward and even some cases if it's
standing straight up and down the
defrost water won't go down the drain
tube in the back of the freezer
compartment sometimes it might run to
the front or run to to the side and
you'll have a big sheet of ice on the
bottom of your freezer and that's
usually what the uh the problem is your
refrigerator is completely out of level
so let's get that adjusted okay so what
we're looking at right now is the grill
and what we need to adjust is behind
behind this Grill so we're going to take
that
off so we'll go ahead
and pop pop this
off now on some refrigerators right here
there'll be a 3/8 bolt and that'll raise
the roller up and down on each side so
you have one over here and one here this
refrigerator does not have that it has a
roller that's fixed in position but then
it has a little leg that you can thread
down to make it stand up taller to raise
the front and the same thing with the
other side so to level this refrigerator
we're going to have to lower the legs on
each side to get it where we want it now
because the refrigerator leans to the
right first first adjustment we're going
to make is to raise this side of the
refrigerator up so it's level from side
to side so let's get that leg adjusted
first and then we can make adjust on the
other side to tilt it back just a little
bit now what I'm going to use here is a
roll of tape and a little pry bar and
you want to use something underneath the
refrigerator to keep your finger from
getting smashed in case what you're
prying with slips out so you don't want
to hold up on the pry bar put your
finger under there cuz it could slip off
then you'll have a smashed
finger this is just like putting jack
stands under your car when you're
working on it you never just want to to
trust the
Jack so now that we got that up in the
air I can reach under
here almost
and I got that leg spun down just a
little bit so this side of the
refrigerator should sit a little
higher and now you can see there's a
little bit bigger gap on this side so
let's check the level from side to side
on the refrigerator okay so here's the
level going from side to side on the
refrigerator with the adjustment we made
on the right leg but the only problem is
now is the left side isn't really
touching the ground so well so if I
shake the refrigerator it's a little
wobbly so now we need to lower that left
leg to sturdy the machine up and then
we'll check the level one more time so
we'll open the door back up here and you
can see we have a little bit of a a
wobble on this left
side so we'll go ahead
and raise this up a little
bit put our jack stand underneath
there and we'll spin that leg down a
little
bit and that feels pretty solid let's
check the level all right so if we take
a look at the bubble now we're just
about centered between the lines I'm
going to call this close enough cuz when
I start adjusting it then it starts
getting wobbly
again so I'm going to leave it right
where it's at it's between the lines and
this house is by far not level anyway so
this is pretty good now let's check
front to back now I went ahead and put
the level on front to
back and if we look at the bubble if I
can get my camera to focus here
just the the front of the refrigerator
is definitely higher than the back so
it's definitely lean back just a little
bit so let's check the uh let's check
the doors all right so now that we got
it pretty well leveled where we want
it we open up the doors about halfway or
so and let
go door goes closed on its own and
that's what what you want whenever
you're level in the refrigerator
slightly back so the door goes closed on
its own okay don't go anywhere just yet
there's something at the end of the
video that I want to show you guys for
the five or six people who watch my
videos every week I think you guys know
who you are but I want to show you
something I'm work on but before I do
that if you like this video go ahead and
give it a thumbs up if you're not
subscribed to my YouTube channel go
ahead and do that now and thanks for
watching now let me show you what else
I'm working on all right so what we're
looking at right here is a
1989
Jeep where does it say it at it's an
Islander and it used to have a 4.2 L
carburet
V6 but somebody did a 4.0 ho swap on it
so we got some wiring to figure out
under
here got a couple rust spots to fix
overall this thing's in pretty good
shape we do have a floor pan that's
going to need
replaced and it's going to need a lot of
love he's deciding on what color he's
going to paint it we need a new grill
for it it was all together this is how
far I've gotten stripping it down right
now so we got the hood all kinds of
stuff torn off of it right now all the
reservoirs Parts just Parts everywhere
down here now I am not a mechanic or
anything like that so I am learning a
lot of this as I go and if you guys want
some updates let me know and every once
in a while as we make some progress on
this I'll kind of give you a
like an update but this is my son's
project he was really excited to drive
this thing he did get to drive it
whenever we first got it but it ran a
little rough and it definitely wasn't
safe because of some of the the leaf
spring shackles and stuff like that were
in pretty shitty shape and the the frame
was in pretty crappy shape in the back
behind the
tires but once we get this thing
stripped down and cleaned up and put
back together it'll be a nice vehicle
for him to ride and that's what I'm
working on thanks again for watching