what's up everybody here's what we're
going to be doing today I'm getting kind
of tired of sitting on this old ass
couch the lighting sucks trying to get
the angles right sucks uh trying to make
things look pretty and sexy sucks so I
wanted to I wanted to make a little
changes to some things so I wanted to
have first of all I wanted something I
could take some sexy be- roll on look
more professional and something more
interesting for you guys to watch rather
than just me sitting here and then
having the thing pointed at a coffee
table or a counter or a Works Space face
um so I got the idea for a light box
that progressed into a RGB light box
then that progressed into an RGB light
box table and it turned out really
freaking awesome so let's go check out
the build real quick we're just going to
do a real quick time lapse and I'll
throw some you know some words in there
just tell you guys what's going on and
then we'll come back and I'll sh I'll
give you the full run over of how
everything is so stay
tuned
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
n
[Music]
n
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
check it out guys here it is I got all
the wood from Lowe's I I went over the
whole thing with some 220 grit sandpaper
put about two coats of uh rub on gloss
clear uh finish sanded it again again
two more coats sand it again two more
coats and it came out all nice and shiny
smooth glossy glasslike I got the
acrylic from a company called Trident
Plastics I'm going to leave a the link
in the description if you guys want to
go check out their website do a lot of
crazy stuff over there uh let me give
you a shown of how the LEDs inside work
uh it comes with this cool little
controller the whole thing was a 5 met
roll was $10 so they're actually really
really cheap it comes with a little
remote there's an irm m receiver
underneath just turn it on we have full
color spectrum all the way from red
green blue and white uh you have all the
other little color options here you know
you can set up your own little things
here there's bunch of cool little things
here from Fades to
flashes um it's really it's actually
really freaking
cool so we're just going to leave that
set onto the white for the moment uh uh
one of the big things is in the video
you saw that uh pretty much the entire
time I had the protective paper on the
plastic that is crucial because uh
acrylic is prone for scratching so uh
you you want to leave that on there
until until the very end and then you
peel that off so that way you can dis
protected and you're not going to get
any scratches or Nicks or anything in it
and overall I think it turned out really
great I'm going to ahead and grab the
camera off of its uh tripod and I'm
going to give you guys a a little Runar
around and show you guys what's going on
so back in a sec all right so here we go
you can see I still need to run an iron
over that but you know I don't own an
iron I'm a single man I don't own an
iron uh this is tacked all the way
around on the wood from like I got from
Lowe's you can see all the definition in
the wood green is actually very pretty
because of the because I used a clear
gloss so that brings out the color and
the wood grain uh everything is screwed
together this is uh runs over top of of
everything and we sneak back
here I don't know if you guys can see
this because of the
light but right there that is where the
controller is and with the
uh that right there is the receiver for
the remote and underneath here's the uh
the piece of wood underneath again it's
all nice and cleaned up and then and
then we got the remote here just hit the
power
button
here that turns the Box on you have all
your different color
options
red green
blue and white and then here we have
there are a couple of presets in here
like uh here's one
fade here's another fade just Fades
through the colors this one will jump
through the
colors there's another one then right
there there's also some DIY buttons you
can program your own little sequences in
there and program them to these four
buttons here I'm sorry six buttons here
um you have your full you know there's
like a pink little bit of a bluish
purple violet color more of a blue there
more blue and all the way
blue so the purpose of this was of you
know like I said so I can take some more
professional stuff make things look a
little bit better cleaner
and then uh we get some sexy b-roll let
me give you an example of that right
now okay now these here these are my
cyberden systems DDC pump
tops uh they are all made out of cast
acrylic they have holes in them for LEDs
to go in this is just an example of how
things would
look um on the table here if you guys
are interested in them I'll leave a link
to my eBay store so you guys can pick
one up they're 15 bucks free
shipping um that's one example uh this
is a piece of cast acrylic tube that I
have for another upcoming
product that I'm going to be
releasing so there's a little hint for
that uh this is a
motherboard that I have For an upcoming
project see yeah I could just stand here
she goes well here here here's this
motherboard it's a
gigabyte or I can actually have it
sitting here like this and I can
actually give you guys a better look at
all of it once I get some uh overhead
LED lighting so I can get the light
coming down on it the right so now it
looks a little bit more professional
this
way let's go ahead and change some
colors and see what things look like
with different colors here's some
red oh yeah look at that red you can see
the The Edge work of the acrylic here's
the
tube I would turn the lights out guys so
you could see a little bit better but
it's like 10:00 in the morning
here and I don't have any curtains on
that let's try some
green oh look at that
blue uh that looks cool but you can't
really see it all that much you can see
a little bit of the blue hinting off of
there let's try a little bit of Violet
here it's pink a little bit of violet
there so this is the purpose of this
table so I could actually stand behind
it instead of sitting on the couch and I
could take some better pictures better
b-roll for you guys you know give you
guys something better to look at
something to keep you interested in my
videos of course that's the whole point
of it
but that's basically
it I hope you guys enjoyed this video
make sure you drop me a like if you did
and if you guys have any questions or
comments or if I didn't explain anything
properly uh just make sure you leave
just leave a comment down in the
description below I'll answer any
questions that come in any
comments um obviously I've got some
couple of projects coming along one
there one there there's another one and
kitty likes to play in the wires so till
next time guys
later