the Leonardi production their meat
grinders for small and medium kitchens
that could also be found through web
direct brands at WWF a billion Rd USA
comm watch now and how easily it is to
assemble your Fabio Leonardi meat
grinder
keep in mind that all Fabio Leonardi
meat grinder motors are also compatible
with Fabio Leonardi tomato attachments
begin to prepare your meat by slicing
small and medium sized pieces to be
placed into your product tank before
turning on make sure to have a bowl or
plate underneath to catch your grounding
it is important to make sure to have a
few slices of your meat into the grinder
before turning off we're getting to do
so
cleaning your Fabio Leonardi meat
grinder is easy to simply run the parts
separately under running water at a
Mario - receiving shogunate scrubbers to
flush out any excess meat
now here are some of our other designs
in which we offer the WWF Avio Leonardo
us Emma