everybody we're here at Carolina bully
forms and uh we're gonna be doing how to
do a video today we get a lot of
questions about this I've done a couple
videos on doing that guys even done a
little part and one video I'm tired a
little bit easy to find with the table
that's what's about everything so that's
what we're gonna be doing today and I
wanted to show you a couple extra things
that I never see in any I videos first
off but starting off first off I don't
want to see anything in the comments on
this video about why we have to a yeah
about a is gross or anything like that
we're breeding dogs okay we choose to do
it by AI and it's clear for the dogs
it's less stress and it's a higher
percentage chance of getting pregnant so
that's the end of that again he can
breed naturally but this is the safest
way for the dog we're not willing to
risk a dog that his kids is going to
potentially change the way the bully
world is viewed because we want to see
them tie some females bully gets old but
for all y'all fans that people that
watch this so the first thing that I
want to show everybody him he can come
over here and go close-up on this on his
penis what you're gonna want to do when
you're doing is you're gonna feel a
little not even before he starts to
swell up kind of like the knuckle on
your finger and you want to grab right
behind that and pinch that and then you
can start like pump on him and he'll
start to pump too so that's the one
thing I never see in videos that's the
biggest part of doing AI there so that's
what we're going to do to get him
started and you can just film me start
to collect him and then I'm do a
separate video of me doing the AI on the
female are doing the insertion so just
stay tuned I'll be putting these two
clips together into one video so come
here to that and also when you do this I
always like to fold over my sheath here
so it just makes it more
cup so it'll stay out you know around
like at and don't ever use too much just
a little bit goes a long way but you
know you don't want to be getting wrong
either and wipe him off to the first
witch she's already and when they're
doing it the first few times they'll be
a little shocked by because it's a
little different than what they're
expecting but they'll learn real quick
that they like this bugger it's a lot
less stress a lot faster for them that's
about all it takes there and see you'll
start to see it's even coming out down
there and you guys want to keep letting
them I just see them come out down there
until it starts to clear up and when you
do that you just pull it off go from
there so uh we'll turn right back here
in a second all right we just finished
up pulling to that seaming here you can
see it's got a nice cloudy look to it
that means he's got a real high
concentration there and he's done now
and what we're gonna do is just sit
right here with him make sure you don't
move around too much or anything he's
really vulnerable right now this is his
most vulnerable state he's kind of
nervous don't we don't know around and
you just want make sure you don't sit
down long let her move around too much
because he can damage itself really easy
so always just make sure you don't just
throw them back in the kennel or stay
with them and make sure they give up
okay and everything like that you know
you'll see it go back into a sheath is
what we're talking about
what we do here is uh you know I pull
the semen out of this little bag and you
want to go really slow cuz it'll seem
are alive in there they're swimming
around and you do not want to break any
tails off or damage them in any way so I
like to go real slow when I'm pulling
them out and uh make sure that we don't
breaking it a little too fast there
[Applause]
that's a really fairly large collection
there if you don't get that much it
doesn't mean anything going wrong or
anything it only takes about two cc's to
get pregnant I've got about ten here so
which is your Mel only gets two CCS I
get good but on average you get
somewhere between six to 20 and you
don't ever want to suck up any bubbles
into your syringe there you want turn it
over and suck up the firm on down like
that so you don't get any bubbles and
then just get some air like AG about
three four cc's there's all you'll need
another and you want make sure you got
some Lube on there too so you can go up
in the female easier and actually we're
gonna wait on two fat that's in get it
put in two she goes over here and we'll
be back in just a second smokers wait
til two that gets tough but is really up
something he's not getting the breed
she's losing my finger right now all my
signs he's taking it real good I'll tell
you what to do in a second after uh we
finished sport in the sand but you just
wanna go real slow
and now pull your syringe out but leave
your finger in kind of like you you know
you've got you got a corpse back here
and just rub your honor and just make it
feel like I'm hills KY sniffing her back
there and what we're going to do is just
rub over like this and I see what she's
doing with her tail there that's called
flagging and as long as she's doing that
and squeezing my finger that means we're
hitting this at the exact right time and
what you want to do is wait for your
female to do that because that's what
she's letting males and uh you know
letting the males and all know that
she's ready to be bred so she's not
doing that yet there's no point in
breeding them uh-huh so that's pretty
much all there is to it around in the
grass after you do that or she might be
but you just wanna keep her doing that
right there because that's her flexing
that muscle contracting that muscle back
there that uh that lets her just get
that sperm locked in and keeps it from
squirting out
so uh that's all there is to it it's not
that hard it's just about being calm and
uh patient with the dog wait until she's
ready for it it's pretty easy with the
male but with the female you gotta be a
little more patient but that's it thanks
for watching and stay tuned for more
videos thanks everybody this is Carolina
bully farms remembers a lot favorite and
subscribe for more videos thanks and God
bless