hey there so today I'm going to show you
how I made this pet coat this one is 40
cm long but you can change it to the
length you want so let's get started
shall we to make a pet coat like this I
use hard netting lining fabric thread
lace setting and elastic let's start by
the lining I use a fabric that is 150 CM
wide so to make this one pet coat in
particular I cut a length of 46 cm and I
Mark 5 cm from the top to help me with
the waistband later I saw the Hem of the
lining and then I proceed to sewing the
open side now French seems my God that's
why you see me using Straight seam and
then cutting the fabric and folding it
inside out and sewing it again which
ends up looking like
[Music]
this now remember those marks I made 5
cm from the top of the fabric I use them
to guide myself when I'm making the
waistband I fold the fabric right on
those marks and sew very close to the
edge until the ends meet then I leave a
bit of space to start sewing using
Straight seam again but this time
leaving enough space for the elastic to
be passed through it
[Music]
I do it four times so as you see this is
where the elastic is going to come in
and out of when I'm inserting it into
the
waistband there's going to be elastic
here then just space then here again
then space again and here in this part
that is still open so in the end this is
the lining it's ready to be used in any
pet coat moving to the important part
the hot netting is 3 m wide so I cut two
stripes with 17 cm and four stripes with
21 cm I got two of the 21 cm strips and
saw them together creating a 6 M long
stripe once that's done I saw the lace
to the Hem of all 21 cm Stripes so this
is what I
have and then I take one of the 17 cm
stripes and cut it in
half so now I gather the 21 cm strips
while sewing them to this 17 cm strips
the 6 m one goes with the 3 m one and
the 3 m one goes with the 1 and a half m
one am I being confusing I think I am
but you're smart so you get it right I
do not use any special pad it's the
normal one but I gathered the long strip
while keeping the other one straight I
already know how much I need to gather
so I'm always like 1 2 3 so one two 3 so
and this is what I have three layers
though you can see only two in this
image then I changed my needle to a
double one and saw the S rebone over
this ugly connection between the two
stripes I did that to all the layers
then I saw the sides and this is what I
have three netting circles or
something so now it's the time to S
these netting Circle things to the
lining I made previously I really don't
know how to explain what I'm doing right
now but you get it right since the
lining is just 50 cm wide and this first
top part is 3 m wide I gather it while
sewing but just this first layer this is
how it looks like when you turn it
over the other two layers are also 1 M
and a half wide so I don't need together
them I just sold them to the lining then
I cut the edge a little bit because
sometimes it's too messy and then this
is what it looks like this pet coat has
some flower applick but never mind them
okay so now I use straight seam to Sol
this part here and we're almost done now
it's time to insert the elastic into the
waistband to do that I use a safed pin
and I insert it through the area I left
open I use another safety ping to make
sure the elastic isn't going to get into
the waistband completely and then I
continue passing it through until it
comes out on the other
side then I saw the edges of the elastic
tape together pull it inside a little
bit and close the open space and I
repeat that and
voila because of how the waistband is
made you can direct the poof of the page
coat wherever you want more to the back
more to the front or maybe more to the
sides I hope youve enjoyed this video
I'm not very good explaining things but
check out my blog if you would like a
written version of it and leave a
comment below if you have any questions
and I'm going to see you in my next
video bye are you a l whenever you go on
a trip you want to take your cute
dresses and skirts and of course balls
man balls with you but you struggle to
pack your pet coat and end up leaving
half of your items
behind fear no more cuz me like St is
going to help you
[Music]