hey use your family and if you're new
here welcome to my channel my name is
Philip Ipsy and today I'll be going
through my top five tips for Pella
beading as a hobby now these are tips
that I've just come up personally since
I've started and I wish someone would
have told me them when I first started
getting into pearly beating last year so
here they come
okay starting with number five use blue
tack when I first started actually using
double sided velcro which stuck on my
wall and as you can see it actually left
holes in my wall actually now actually
peel it off the top layer of the paint
on my wall so I've learnt now to use
blue tack blue tag will be your best
friend tip number four is to find
different shades of the color so for
example for my Boulder saw as you can
see my Bulbasaur there's actually five
different types of greens edging from
the lightest to the darkest and all the
colors in between and it just makes it
easier for you to make different sorts
of creations as you get more confident
and you can have your primary colors
that's fine but when you get more
complicated creations it's good to have
different chance of colors in case if
you try on a color on a creation and it
doesn't look right and you might need
something a little bit lighter it's
always good to have that color available
to you tip number three is to organize
your beads as you have seen in my how I
store my pill event video which I might
put a link up over here if you have not
seen it it's okay to have to use
something like what I've been using
which is to put it in in bags and before
I got any of the shelving that I showed
you in that video I actually started off
with putting them in these Ziploc bags
and it's just good to separate them and
put them in the tub but it really helps
to organize your colors so that when you
have
creation in mine you don't have to
actually pick out the colors from a
group of 5000 you can easily just go to
the color and take it out and actually
use it so that's tip number three and
tip number two is to use the masking
tape method now there is actually a
really good video in youtube on how to
use a masking tape method and it's
really good and I wish I had knew about
it and I had the confidence to use it
earlier because what happens when you
melt your board are slightly even to the
slightest and even in the corners it
actually raises a little bit as you can
see that it's slightly raised don't give
zoom in my face you see it and it's no
longer flat and if you look closer to
the board some of the pegs are actually
melted which means you cannot put any
beads on it anymore which things are
quite hopeless and it's a waste of your
money so please invest in masking tape
it's simple and easy to use and it will
save you lots of money in buying boards
finally tip number one stock up on flat
black nude out of Lee will be your most
used color it is used from using it for
your eyes but also outlining many of
your creations as you can see on my wall
for most of my creations are outlined
with black beads and some of them are
actually made entirely of black for
example Gerald hair is black all over
so if you get a chance to go in the
shops and if you see some make sure you
grab yourself more than plenty and I
mean more like 5,000 just in case
because if you go back there sometimes
when you go back to shops they're not
actually there because everybody else
has taken them because with everybody
who is doing this hobby they're using
all their backs too so when you get an
opportunity to grab them and as always
guys thank you guys so much for watching
and we have finally hit over 50
subscribers I think each and every one
of you and I will make of my first vlog
video just a quick thank you video for
all you guys who have supported me and
have become my friends here any chance
so until then I will see you guys next
Tuesday