hi guys today i'm going to be making
yorkshire puddings yes I love your
puddings the noise you can hear in the
background at the moment is the oven
it sounds like an Boeing 747 jet so put
that on so I can put the oil into the
pan because that needs to get heated up
to a nice bubbling pot and then we're
going to put in the mixture so let's get
started first of all you're going to
need a large bowl and some flour and
some eggs and some milk and then crack
the eggs into the bowl I'm going to be
doing an art busy with this because what
I'm going to do is I'm going to cook
them and then once they've cleaned down
I'm going to freeze them like our Betty
does I am very lucky because we have
chickens and they produce lots of lovely
cakes okay so we have the egg yolks in
there I'm going to be gonna whisk the
egg yolks our it to the eggs even lovely
and yellow which is there from that
fresh eggs from our chicken
enter that I'm going to add the flour
but you need to mix that through you
might wish
while it's whisking through them they're
slowly and in the milk this is to stop
it or getting lumpy get it all from the
sides get a whisk
happen in the milk
you
makes a nice thick batter you want a
consistency that coats the spoon
if it's not coating the spoon it's too
runny if it stays the thick on the spoon
it's too thick just needs to coat the
spoon like that and that is the perfect
batter you want to add in a couple of
pinches of pepper and a couple of
pinches of salt
and then list back three okay so the oil
has been in the oven for about ten
minutes as you can see I have an oven
glove it's getting really hot okay so
you want to make sure your oil is really
hot to do that you put a little bit of
oil and if it starts to bubble like it
is and there you can see it bubbling
away it is ready now you want to get the
mixture in as quickly as possible and
get it into the oven so I'm going to be
using a ladle and I'm just going to
ladle in the mixture as you can see was
nice and hot
nice big fluffy your kids put them in
the oven until they're nicely risen
golden brown takes around about 10 to 15
minutes as soon as it's mixtures in here
straight into the other you want to keep
opening up the oven I put them in there
now and then I'm going to close it all
and leave them there for 15 minutes
abruptly a little boil in trouble ok so
they're about cooked now they're nice
and risen nice and brown as you can see
so to take those out the oven and let
them cool nice and floppy
so that days cool and then I will put
them into freezer bags and put them into
the freezer or I'll eat them tonight all
not all of them for some more videos
please subscribe or gives a thumbs up
thanks for watching bye bye for now