[Music]
hello I'm Mario Brown and this is sang
Koosh a delicious meal a of Caribbean
people food and craft impaired Angostura
today for a look at the process of
making rum but we have to leave here for
a while and start with a most important
ingredient sugar it was one of the
commodities on which the new world was
built and it made the British Empire
rich for a time here in the Caribbean
the sugar industry was at the heart of
the slave trade and East Indian
indenture ship it is an inescapable and
defining part of our history today sugar
is made in much the same way as it was
hundreds of years ago in central
Trinidad the cane crop is an integral
part of the annual life of carinii sugar
cane of course is the raw material from
which sugar is extracted and it is
harvested each year by hundreds of men
and women farmers the cane is gathered
weird and then carted off to a factory
like using Saint Madeleine where it will
yield sugar and molasses along with
other things like burgers
it's the molasses that Angostura uses to
make rum from heroin in the process gets
very complicated and scientific suffice
it to say that it involves distillation
heat steam and this massive structure on
the eastern mean road once the rum has
been distilled it is transferred to
barrels for aging fresh rum is pretty
harsh on the palate this marvelous room
behind me is an aging warehouse and what
happens is that the rum is put into
casks which have to be made of oak think
of old oaken
the yoga actually adds a very specific
character to the room and it's brought
over to this room here where it can be
stored for anywhere between sort of
three years or 20 years even longer and
what happens is when they're ready to
mix a room they'll take a little bit of
a three-year room a little bit of a
ten-year a little bit of a 20 and they
blend it all together to make a very
centrist fabulous room
[Music]
do you see this ladder and how high up
we are
I tell you this season is all about
risking life and limb fellatio
[Music]
you