I don't know this was the hardest class
to plan I don't know why I even chose
this topic but I couldn't pass up doing
a one from Pittsburgh so see right bill
I was going to do something else so I'm
gonna do a Cincinnati chili but that got
veto I'm gonna just you know now I like
the food club sauerkraut because you
really don't need to drain as you can
see there's no juice in here some of the
other brands might have some or if you
buy it in a bag you might have to drain
a little bit out I'm gonna use two cans
I think it only says one and I'm going
to now it does the directions are a
little bit different only because I
didn't know how to cook off the beer on
this one so we're just gonna this
exploded earlier today when I was doing
this and I thought oh great I'm gonna
smell like beer all day long yeah I know
they're like hey wow that's pretty good
beer and I'm like I don't drink the
stuff so I don't know I said I just went
down I got two bottles so we're gonna
we're gonna boil this we're gonna put
the Cabasa in sampling one that I did
for you guys I did it I didn't put it in
a slow cooker but remember we can put it
in the oven 300
so what I did I cooked it for five hours
and I took it out and I did taste it and
it was wonderful so this is like I
always laugh because this is like a
Pittsburgh staple you have to have
Kobashi and crowd on New Year's and at
weddings and backyard barbecue
anything I got two different brands here
just to kind of change it up a little
bit
Smithfield and the Hillshire farms not
um I didn't have time to go to the
Kobashi Factory oh I should have had my
mom bring something didn't think about I
showed you bring Cabasa and we're just
going to kind of cut this up stick it in
there and we're just going to let it
cook while we move on to our other
recipes
and of course this is fully cooked you
could eat this right out of the package
but it's going to taste better when it's
been cooked in the beer
not right now saying they're on the
radio this morning you know a lot of
people don't like sauerkraut
well you can't it's not that good right
out of the can we got to add something
to it you know like cooking it cook some
onion and butter and then add the
sauerkraut a little brown sugar yeah
that's that's good sauerkraut
but when you don't have brown sugar can
always add beer okay there's our kabah C
and our sauerkraut and we're just going
to let this cook on the stove it's it's
the same difference we may put a lid on
this make it cook a little faster we'll
let that cook that'll be good I had to
take the lid off of this whew let's get
some of that out
okay can you smell that
all right I think we may just leave the
lid off of that but some of that
this would be good appetizer okay so
there's our tex-mex meatloaf our kvasir
crowd our Apple cheddar bake and our
salmon pasta salad so I think let's get
a chance to kind of taste what we're
doing and see what you like