[Music]
this is
Pon poon's going to a late night bash
and isn't quite sure how to prepare take
Penelope here she's made herself a nice
peanut butter banana sandwich on whole
be bread it's packed with protein fiber
and healthy fat all very necessary
nutrients for a night that's going to
involve
[Applause]
alcohol fiber rich food slow the rate at
which food leaves your stomach the same
goes for foods rich in healthy fat like
peanut butter these low the rate at
which alcohol is absorbed in the
intestine who here has skipped any
semblance of a healthy meal all together
poon's stomach is left defenseless
against the rapid onslot of alcohol
that's about to
ensue this leads to Rapid inebriation
not a pretty mental
image that's right Willow right and you
might not look like as much as an idiot
H managed to make it to his party on
nothing but a stomach full of energy
drinks an idiotic Gusto he might be
partying hard now but if Pon doesn't
slow down his drinking and hydrate soon
he is going to be in
trouble whereas Penelope has been
alternating between our H2O and our 40e
matching every glass of alcohol with a
glass of water not only keeps you
hydrated it slows down the rate at which
you
[Music]
drink oh I was afraid of this pun is
getting more and more dehydrated because
of the alcohol and he's trying to
hydrate by drinking more Al
not to mention all these salty pretzels
that he's eating it's no mistake that
the word intoxicated contains the word
toxic alcohol is a toxin to your body
and your liver has to work really hard
to remove it that's right you want your
liver to have a fun time at the party
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
too stay stay hydrated helps slow down
your drinking so you have a happy night
and a good
[Music]
morning good
morning good morning Mr
[Music]
son
hey
baby last night your whole body felt
like one big ginormous
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
tongue p