hey Art friends today we're going to
draw a banana split and we're going to
draw a funny version we're going to draw
cartoon faces on each of the ice cream
Scoops I hope you're going to follow
along with me you got a marker or
something to draw with and some paper if
I go too fast you can always pause the
video okay first we're going to start by
drawing one of the Scoops right in the
middle of our paper so we're going to
draw a big rainbow line so we're going
to go
up curve around and then come back down
so there's our first scoop we're going
to draw the bottom of our ice cream neck
so we're going to start over here and we
can draw a wiggly line goes from one
side over to the other that'll make it
look like it's kind of melting then
we're going to draw the second scoop and
let's draw another rainbow line but
we're going to draw behind this one it's
going to be overlapping so we're only
going to draw part of it we're going to
draw another rainbow line it comes down
and then we can also draw another wiggly
line that starts over here
and connects to the middle now we're
going to repeat those same steps but
over here on the left side so we're
going to start in the same spot right
across here we're only going to draw
part of
it and come down this is a little pointy
that's okay we're practicing
right and we're going to draw that
little wiggly line that connects from
the left side into the center okay we
got our three scoops of ice cream except
I think we need to draw the faces on
them now so we're going to draw the
first one and I'm going to draw it a
certain way but feel free to change it
you can draw your funny faces any way
you want so I'm going to draw two
circles this is for his eyes right in
the middle or her eyes and then we're
going to draw smaller circles
inside and this is the light reflecting
in her eyes to make her look shiny and
friendly then we're going to color in
the big circle but leave the smaller
circles
white okay now I'm going to draw her
mouth I'm going to draw a straight
diagonal line and then we're going to
draw it open so I'm going to draw a u
that comes down and connects back up and
then inside let's draw a little tongue
and then I'm going to color in the top
now the ice cream on the side are going
to be kind of snuggling this one in the
middle so I'm going to draw I'm going to
draw their eyes
closed
and so I'll draw two rainbow lines for
the eyes and I'm going to draw the mouth
and this one I'm going to draw
happy and then in this one let's change
it I'm going to open this one's eyes but
we can draw it so that it looks like
it's kissing this one so we're going to
draw two circles and this circle on the
right I'm going to draw it behind so
it's
overlapping and I drew a little smaller
circle inside of this one so I'm going
to add that one to this one
also and then let's color in those
bigger circles but leave the smaller
ones
white okay now to make it look like it's
kissing this one I'm going to draw a
three and it's just like our our emoji
that we drew a while back so I'm going
to draw a three it looks like it's
puckering up its lips I hope you guys
are still with me you're following along
I know some of the parts I also fast
forward and during those parts you can
you can pause the video during that also
now let's draw the toppings for each of
our ice creams and we're going to draw
it looking like it's melting so I'm
going to draw these big wavy
lines on top of our ice cream so there's
one and then we're going to draw another
one
melting and dripping down the center
then let's do it on the third scoop the
one on the right draw kind of looks like
they hair doesn't it okay now I'm going
to add a cherry right in the center and
I'm going to draw it floating but I'll
tell you why in just a sec so we're
going to draw a cherry now I'm going to
draw a circle but leave the top
open and then we're going to draw the
center of the Cherry so we're g to draw
a little
curve and then we're going to draw the
stems we're going to draw two lines
coming out and they're curves so there's
one and here's the second one and
towards the top I spread it apart so
that it's a little wider and then we can
connect the top of the
Cherry now to finish our Cherry let's
connect these little gaps behind the
stem okay our Cherry looks like it's
floating we need to fix that so let's
add some whipped cream and I'm going to
draw a cloud line I'm going to draw
bumpy lines so that are big and some are
small and we're going to draw this
really yummy whipped
cream okay the next thing we need to
draw is our banana so we're going to
draw a smile line that goes underneath
all of our Scoops so we're going to
start over here and we're going to draw
and draw a smile line that comes down
and then back
up now I drew it really smooth and it's
okay if you're drawings look a little
different than mine because the most
important thing is to have fun but also
to practice and the more you practice
drawing your lines the smoother they'll
get now we're going to draw the end of
our banana and it's going to hook around
on each side and go behind the
Scoops one like that and then one on the
right side
now to make a banana split you have to
split the banana right down the middle
so let's draw the other side of the
banana back here we're just going to
draw a little curve and we'll also draw
another curve on this side also now we
can call it Banana Split if you have one
banana in your drawing then it's just
really a banana with some ice cream on
top nothing special about it next we're
going to draw the bowl that this is
sitting in and they're called Banana
Split boats and that's because they're
the shape of a boat so we're going to
start over here and we're going to draw
another smile line that comes down
further back around and back up looks
like a boat doesn't it now we can draw
the base of it so it doesn't Rock so
let's draw two lines that come out on
each side and then we'll connect these
lines with another curve so connect the
left over to the right side what do you
use to eat one of these Banana Splits a
spoon right we got to have a spoon
sticking out of the side so let's draw
two lines coming out
diagonal and I'm going to spread them
apart towards the end so that it gets
wider and then we're going to connect
these two lines with a
curve to make it look like the end of a
spoon sticking into the ice cream okay
now the very last thing we need to do is
add more toppings to our ice cream I'm
going to add some sprinkles but you guys
can add whatever you want you could add
nuts you could even add some berries now
I'm going to fast forward this part but
you guys can add whatever you want to
your ice
cream all right we did it we finished
drawing our banana splits and they look
delicious but they're going to look even
more tasty once we color them I'm going
to use the computer to color my drawing
but you guys can use anything you want
you can use oil pastels color pencils or
you could even paint your drawing I hope
you had a lot of fun following along
with me and drawing your own Banana
Splits remember it's okay if your
drawings look different in fact I hope
they do I hope you use your own
creativity to change your drawing and
we'll see you later art friends goodbye
if you really like this art lesson be
sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel
you can do that by clicking the circle
and then after you subscribe also be
sure to click the Bell icon so that you
get notified every time we upload a new
video and down here in the corner you
can watch more of our awesome art
lessons see you later guys