hey hey what's up player
this is catch-22 and welcome to the Sega
holic
in this episode we're gonna be looking
at isopropanol otherwise known as
isopropyl alcohol or IPA and why it's
essential on your bench top first things
first this is footage from episode 23 in
which I'm using 99% isopropyl alcohol
this product here is branded for
electronics use but the ones from
pharmacies and retail stores are exactly
the same zooming in on a label and read
the advantages and uses for isopropyl
alcohol with electronics in mind first
off this is 99.9% ultra pure and hydrous
alcohol and high dress meaning it
contains no water it does beg the
question though what ingredient
comprises the 0.1%
I tried googling for an answer but came
up with nothing anyways an advantage of
it not having water because water dries
and leaves behind residue so this would
be the best solution for cleaning laser
lenses on laser pickups next off IPA is
plastic safe so it's great for cleaning
the shelves of your consoles or even the
controllers just be careful when
cleaning around or on the logos that's
printed on the consoles for example I
wipe a logo from my NES that's on the
door hinge right off that being said
I've had no other issues with any other
consoles this in combination with the
Magic Eraser is great for taking off
even the most stubborn stains including
permanent markers on extra surfaces next
up it has a moderate evaporation rate
which is important because you have
peace of mind when cleaning components
that when you turn on power the liquid
is not shorting anything and further
like I mentioned earlier and leave zero
residue and best of all this is friendly
through our environment
now going to mg chemicals website who
are manufacturers of electronics related
chemicals such as flux and solder x'
they state that as a cleaner it is fully
miscible and water and most organic
fluids making it good at dissolving dirt
like organic contaminants and ionic flux
residues since the eight-to-four is
highly and hydrous and hygroscopic it
readily scavenges water off surfaces
trapping the water in the IPA solution
as an SEO traffic mixture this helps to
dehumidifier surfaces further since the
eight-to-four is safe for most plastic
seals ceramics and printed circuit board
components it is used heavily in the
electronics industry it is great for
cleaning screens stencils fiber optics
cables keypads
printed circuit board components or
electrical contacts and connectors it is
also used to clean oxides and grime on
audio or video tape heads it effectively
removes like grease oils and flux
without adding additional residues to
contacts relays and circuit board
connectors it is quick drying relative
to water further it can be used to wash
off more aggressive organic solvents
like acetone or toluene now let's take a
look at dispensers this is the type of
dispenser that used to be my workbench
when it used to work for a major
aerospace company these have a pump top
and dispenses liquid when the top is
pushed down the auto is made out of ESD
safe plastic material this particular
bottle is made by men de and you can
head over to the Mendel website to take
a look at the full line of ESD safe
dispensers Mendel offers three types of
pumps one is a lockable travel version
another version called the pure touch
which does not let liquid left in the
dish go back into the bottle preventing
contamination and they also have this
version which is the one touch which
lets liquid left in the dish go back
into the bottle after a short period of
time
as you can see here the pumps are
sensitive enough to be allowed to be
pressed down with a cotton swab here's a
round bottle version by men de which
uses the same OneTouch pump used by the
other bottle here you can see that
esd-safe logo both this bottle and the
previous one holds six ounces of alcohol
which is a lot again these pumps are
very sensitive and really easy to push
down inside are some labels but I used
my brother labeler to label mine this is
a new four ounce bottle by RNR lotion
these have much better labels than the
men diversion though to our NRS plastic
body is a bit softer than the more rigid
Minda bottle also the pump came sealed
whereas the amend the pump was not
comparing amenda and R&R I think the
pump on the R&R is better quality as it
has a better finish
while the Minda has a better bottle
because it's more rigid as far as ease
of pressing both are fairly the same and
as you can see here this one also can be
pressed down easily with a cotton swab
the pump used here is their purity pump
which prevents liquid left in the dish
from going back into the bottle
preventing contamination these anti
contamination pumps usually have their
center spot protrude above the dish
[Music]
here's a comparison in size between the
four ounce are an hour lotion dispenser
and the six ounce
Minda dispenser and here we compare both
pump assemblies the RNR has a fatter
tube and is better finished
[Music]
and again sensitivity is about the same
here's the RNR lotion website where you
can check out their other products like
their esd-safe
flux dispensers and lastly both brands
seem to be major companies that supply
the electronic industry and you can't go
wrong with either one anyways make sure
you guys subscribe and leave questions
or comments in the comment section bye