now as much as I love the comfort of
winter Foods by the time spring rolls
around I am more than ready for some
lighter fair so for this quick bite I've
got a dish for you that is clean simple
and delicious I'm making my broiled sole
over spring greens and here's all you'll
need one bunch of dandelion greens
trimmed and
chopped a bag of baby
spinach a/2 cup of chopped Dill
the juice of half a lemon five cloves of
chopped garlic 2 6 oz pieces of
sole a little extra virgin olive oil a
few dashes of paprika and some salt and
pepper to taste first things first I've
got my Broiler preheating on high and
that's going to be to cook the sole and
on the stove top here I've got a large
saut√© pan heating up over a medium low
heat and to that I'm going to add a
tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil
once the oil is all heated through
you're ready to toss in your garlic if
you got the sizzle you know you're in
good shape give the garlic about 2
minutes or until it's nice and fragrant
then you're ready to add in your
dandelion grain the garlic smells
fantastic so I know I'm ready for the
greens so in go the dandelion
greens now the dandelion greens take a
few more minutes than the spinach so
we'll get them in there first to give
them about a 5 minute Head Start mix it
up with the oil and the garlic I'll give
that a pinch of
salt and a little bit of black
pepper
then we'll pop a lid on and let that go
for about 5 minutes or so if you're not
familiar with dandelion greens there are
wild leafy green that are best either in
the spring or in the fall but either way
they do tend to have a little bit of a
pungent bitter Edge to them which is why
they pair so well with the sweetness of
the baby spinach these two ingredients
balance each other out perfectly so it's
been about 5 minutes and we're ready to
check on the greens all right wow and
they look great they've wilted down the
garlic is cooking up nicely so we know
where ready for the next step give them
a quick stir and I'm going to add in my
spinach lemon
juice half the
dill one more pinch of
salt and a hit of
pepper quick toss and then we're going
to pop the lid back on and let that
finish up while the greens are finishing
up and that's only going to take a
couple minutes I'm going to pop the sole
in the broiler and this to literally is
going to take about 2 to 3 minutes now
all I did to the sole here was rub it
lightly with a little bit of olive oil
season with salt pepper and paprika
we're going to take that and pop it
right under the broiler for literally
about 2 3 minutes when you think of
spring you think of spring cleaning
right out with the old in with the new
well it's the same thing with our bodies
Springtime offers an abundance of light
cleansing veggies to help detox as the
spring rolls in so if you find that
maybe you've gained a few extra pounds
throughout the winter and you're trying
to shed them go ahead and buy some
season seal spring produce and let them
do all the dirty work it's been about 2
minutes here with our greens the spinach
has wilted down I'm going to give this
another quick
stir and you can see what I mean guys a
lot of the raw leafy greens cook down to
nothing those are just about ready to go
I'm just going to finish them off with
the
dill pop the heat off and let them rest
while we get our
fish so the fish it's been cooking about
2 and 1/2 minutes here
and you can see that it's opaque right
as soon as it turns opaque take it out
of the oven cuz it's so thin it's going
to continue to cook for a minute or two
and it's going to be perfectly done we
are ready to Plate this up you're just
going to pile up a big plate of greens
and top it off with your broiled sole so
there you have it my broiled sole over
spring greens a clean simple and
delicious dish that comes together in
practically no time for more recipes
like this check out Danny speed.com I'm
Danny Spees and I'll see you next time
with another quick
bite now if you're not familiar with
dandelion greens they are
a now if you're not familiar with
dandelion greens there
are when you think of spring you think
of like spring cleaning right in with
the old out with the old in with the new
here we go last one