hi my name is Jules had a workshop
services for Evan cycles I've 20 years
experience in the cycle industry and
trained our mechanics to recognize
national standards we are the only cycle
retailer in the UK to have approved a
site training status which helps us
maintain high standards
got badly adjusted break pass not
correctly lined with a rib what we need
to do is loosen the brake fastening bolt
just use no allen key position a brake
pad so it's pretty much square and it's
being line with the rim hold it there
and just gently tighten up our fasting
bolt
pull the brake just to ensure it engages
with a rim nice and squirrely and it's
in line with the rim Germany one one and
a half mil gap between the top of a rim
and the brake pad that's to avoid a
brake pad from going into the tire as a
fabulous really nice one
once you have it in position just trying
to pad fast and bolt that up press
operates quick little trick if you
loosen the fastening bolt and pull the
brake at the same time that helps
automatically set a brake pad position
and we can tighten it up in that
position again test our brake make sure
it's correct well we get one that can go
for a ride if we replace the brake pads
that we the same job would just be
removing the old pads fitme new pads in
and the adjustment technique or
alignment of the pad to the rim will be
the same
you