we're going to make sugar-free cream
cheese frosting it's actually a frosting
that you can put on my carrot cake then
I have a video on that's made just with
fruit juices so this goes over it really
nicely what I've done is I took one and
a half cups of cream cheese and I put it
in a bowl and I actually just started to
just mix it and blend it and treat it
with my hand mixer and the next thing
that I'm going to do is put in 1 and 1/2
tablespoons of margarine and you want to
just lay this off in that and beat
beating in your cream cheese and the
next thing that you're going to put it
in is actually 16 packets of your
NutraSweet or equal or whatever brand
that you prefer that was 16 of these
packets and I'm going to put that in a
little at a time and then just keep
beating it in
again this really goes well over the
carrot cake that I have um with the
fruit juice for sweetness okay it's
really complement second the next thing
that you're going to do is you're going
to put two teaspoons of vanilla in
now if you like the consistency I'll
show you what it looks like so far now I
don't want to eat it for a minute or two
but I want to move this along for the
video but if you like the consistency
then you're ready to go if not what you
want to do is have anywhere from one to
two tablespoons of milk at least 1% milk
there take a thing to use it or your
whole milk and just put a little bit as
you go along to get to the consistency
of the frosting that you want
so I just I just put in probably less
than a a tablespoon right now and I'm
going to just breathe my ears here I can
answer and then check the consistency
cuz they're after all you don't want it
too thick but you certainly don't want
your frosting to be too thin either I
tend to like it out a little thicker
side you can see it's a little bit too
thick so we're going to put a little bit
more milk in and then beat that yeah
how much know that you want to put in
your cream cheese frosting and that
seems just about right they're basically
what I like to make it and I have one of
my cakes that I that I have made it's
completely sugar-free or sugarless it's
a carrot cake with raisins and it's only
sweetened again with the fruit juice and
then I'm just going to put the cream
cheese on top
and just frost the top of the cake this
is a 13 by 9 that I have
I'll quickly just
for us the chop here to show you
it's a really quick recipe and again
really tastes fantastic on carrot cake
and again you don't have to use it all
if you feel that that's too much you
don't have to put it all on your cake
go
just want to try to even about here a
little bit and there you go you have a
sugar-free cream cheese frosting that
really does go great over a sugarless
carrot cake hope you liked this one
leave a comment let me know what you
think thanks for watching and please
subscribe
you