hey guys so for the recipe today I'm
going to use some salmon and it's um
frozen salmon and I have it right there
so I'm just going to open up the package
and steam it up a little
bit so I have the fish in water and I'm
going to go ahead and add some salt to
[Music]
it and then I'm just going to go ahead
and cover it up and let it Steam and
defr
FR after about 5 minutes or so um it
looks like the fish is kind of defrosted
and steamed up a little bit and that's
what I'm going to use in my recipe today
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
on
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
w wow
[Music]
[Music]
so after about 7 minutes I looked at the
time right now it's 7 minutes later I am
going to kind of stir it over again to
make sure you know change the position
of the food I just tasted it I just
tasted this saut√© recipe right here and
it looks like it needs a little bit more
salt so I'm going to go ahead and add a
little bit a little bit of
[Music]
salt and it looks like it's almost done
but I'm just going to let it simmer for
about 3 more minutes so it'll be a total
10 minutes that it's been cooking
because I don't want to like overcook
the vegetable
so yeah so I just went ahead and tasted
it and it looks like the vegetables are
just like done to perfection it's not
too um soft and it's not too crispy it's
just
perfect and that is what it looks like
and I'm going to go ahead and turn off
my stove right there I'm going to go
ahead and turn it
off Bam off
and then take it off the stove off the
heat so that it stops
cooking and now it's ready to be
[Music]
served and there you go bun appetite
dinner is ready or Lunch is ready or
your snack is ready there you go so I
hope you guys really like this video
this is such a delicious meal look at
all that um salmon right there and then
you have the rice and then you have you
know the leaks just like looking all
mesmerizing doesn't that look delicious
I know I say that about all my meals but
this really looks delicious I'm not even
joking let me zoom in for you see
[Music]
that so anyways rate comment and
subscribe for more healthy meals and
I'll talk to you guys you guys later
[Music]
[Music]