we're doing one of my favorite ways to
do a fish dish and I'm going to use the
grill today outside because I'm Blackmun
and what I have is three good-sized red
fish fillets and you can see I've cut
them in half because they're pretty big
good friend of mine a partner in
barbecue live Martin lamb burgers
big-time fisherman and he goes down to
Louisiana and catches these redfish
runoff the coach the man they are also
I've never had redfish until he gave it
to me and I started wiping them in the
skillet and what I use is this is a chef
Paul boudreaux's blackened redfish magic
and you can make up your own black and
seasoned if you want to but I found this
stuff right here is really good you can
buy it
Kroger Walmart any supermarket should
have this that has decent season station
has a seafood department the technique
is simple but one thing we're cooking
these redfish in an iron skillet but if
you do it inside on your stove you
better have some good ventilation
because you want that iron skillet
screaming hot and it'll that's really
what gives up that blacken flavor to
this dish you know the seasons start to
caramelize them that they work with the
butter that's what's really good so I'm
doing it outside of my grill I've just
found it's easier this way you fire up
your weber get the coals real high put
your iron skillet over it you're good to
go
I'll show you all that a minute but what
we're going to talk about is how I
seasoned this fish now the first thing
you want to do is just get some
decent-size red fish fillets you can use
any kind of fish that you want in this
procedure I mean grouper my mahi snapper
amberjack they're all good blackened
but redfish is where it's at I'm telling
you if you've never had is a really
really great tasting fish and it's dense
it don't just fall apart on you on the
grill so all I'm doing is taking both
sides of this fish and dipping it in a
stick of real butter that I'm
often and this is going to give
something for this seasoning to stick to
and I'll come back and we'll season both
sides in just a second
so now we've got some of this redfish
magic in my shaker here and I'm just
going to give it a good dusting you want
to make sure it's coated good and do
both sides but it's pretty simple
while my grills firing up outside well
let these just sit a few minutes let the
season start to kind of melt into the
butter and stick to this fish he'll be
ready to go in the hot iron skillet now
we're ready to go outside get the iron
skillet on the coals get it good and
screaming hot these fish would be ready
for a quick black from stick around okay
I have my Weber fired up and I've got
just a really good chimney of hot coals
on the lower rack on the grill of the
ash level and then I've just got my iron
skillet good clean iron skillet I don't
have any old or anything in it you can
see it started kind of turn a little
gray that means it's ready to blacking
this fish now you just want to work you
don't want to overcrowd the skillet you
want to work with a piece at a time just
get it down then we're going to put just
a little bit of butter on top maybe two
tablespoons it's gonna go to smoke in
and see how this design inside your
house it would put really good things
really good the trick with fish is don't
turn it until you know the sides are as
done as you want the fish so you know
it's going to be flaking there's going
to be a little moisture cooking out but
just leave it alone and trust me when
the sides get done it'll be time to flip
all right after that timer went off it's
time to do the flip hit it with just a
little more butter another table
straight on this side of the tree
Thomas over a minute half
all right minute 1/2 sup
I'll tell you black and red fish okay
here's the finished product on our red
fish it's got a really great black and
color on the seasons good I notice gonna
be 10 on GC this is how I would serve it
you know typical portion would be this
would be two fillets and well I like
something to go with it it's really
cysts summertime to me and then the goes
grab a grilled fish is a corn salad and
I'll put this recipe down in the
description and also be on my newsletter
but you just need a little corn to go
with it like to fish up a little maybe
give it a squeeze of lemon brighten it
up and that's all there is to this
blackened redfish it's a pretty simple
dish and you can prepare it doesn't have
to be redfish like I said earlier you
can use a grouper money buy amberjack
any kind of fish this fish is one of my
personal favorites this redfish and I
appreciate it mark for sending me this
bag of filets
you know I'm gonna get a taste of it
here on camera I always have to
the grill flavor jumps through a minute
still tastes like it runs over here
living those in that iron skillet that
season Paul Paul Boudreaux and red fish
magic it does the trick on this fish to
flames may not be enough it's a great
combination maybe you like what we're
doing here on YouTube please subscribe
to our channel pump these videos out
every two weeks like us on Facebook and
how to barbecue right and visit our
website we sent out a great newsletter
over a couple of weeks - and a lot of
these recipes will be on the newsletter
you can also find the recipes in the
description if you have any questions
hit me up in the comment section or send
me an email
thanks for checking it out hope you
enjoy