salads are all about the dressing but
actually you can it's very easy to get
stuck into a r with salad dressing today
we're going to show you the basics the
basic French dressing but we're also in
another video going to show you a yogurt
dressing and over the next few weeks
we're going to introduce a few more snia
dressings because with Summer coming up
um we know you'll all be looking for
lovely salad dressing so this is the
basic French dressing I always make my
dressing in a jam jar because they're
always hanging around I don't have to
throw them away and they're good for
shaking this recipe is very very
simple 6 tbsp of olive oil there we go
and then I'm going to do 2 tbsp of red
wine vinegar you could use white wine
vinegar suppose you could use fresh
lemon juice actually but this recip Bic
yeah balsamic dressing you could the
vinegar the idea is the acidity cuts
into the oil doesn't it
mhm
one two into that I'm going to put a
teaspoon of
Dijon mustard again you can play around
a bit with your must as you could do
whole grain but this is just I love
Dijon so mild
creamy and if you were going to eat this
straight away you just grab a knife um I
would suggest that you probably sliced
the garlic but I'm just going to take
this one clove and pop it in I'm going
to keep it in there and it will ooze out
into the dressing cuz this is the kind
of dressing that you can put in the
fridge and it'll keep the
salt and some freshly ground
pepper and that literally is it it's a
really nice simple salad
dressing and then all you have to do is
lid on make sure your is on and Shake It
Up Oh shake
shake oh that's lovely and that's
perfect over any this will transform a
humble
lettuce smell
it beautiful so that's how to make a
very simple fr French style salad
dressing it took minutes to make but it
will transform the humblest of lettuce
the most foror of cucumbers do you like
making salad dressings let us know your
favorite subscribe comments below salad
dressings we're sisters and together
we're crumbs we both like cooking and we
love food and chocolate and red wine