[Music]
hi guys welcome to get Curry this is the
Bombay Chef vandar today let's make a
recipe which is one of my most favorite
comfort foods and that is an egg Curry
so let's
begin for this we need to begin the
recipe with classic hard boil eggs which
I've already done here that's been
boiling for 9 minutes off goes the flame
and also Ely we need to heat some oil in
a pan well the pan is extremely hot the
first thing that goes in is some whole
spices in this case black cardamon green
cardamon cloves bay leaf and a cinnamon
stick once this starts crackling I'll
add in The Boiled onion
paste a quick mix
there at this stage I'll be adding in
some salt so that the onion starts
cooking faster do remember this while
adding in the salt
later while the onion is cooking I'll
also add in ginger garlic
paste mix this well allow this to cook
on high flame for a minute or so or till
it becomes light golden brown in
color scrape the sides of the pan so
that the gravy gets a nice caramelized
undertone next let's add in the powder
spices in this case turmeric powder red
chili powder and along with this garam
masala powder while doing this I'll also
add in some butter and cook this till
the raw flavor of the spices goes
[Music]
away once the Masala Cooks completely
I'll add in fresh tomato
puree and give this a nice
mix add in some salt as required and
cook this on high flame for 2 to 3
minutes once oil leaves the sides of the
pan the Masala is well cooked to this
now I'll be adding in some water and
this is purely to adjust the consistency
well if you like a nice thick Masala
just leave it at that add in some kasuri
miti
and adjust the seasoning if required
cover this and allow it to cook on
medium flame for 10 minutes let's peel
the hardboiled
[Music]
eggs while the gravy is cooking let's
quickly pan fry the hardboiled eggs for
this I'm taking some oil a dash of
turmeric powder I'll be adding in the
peeled hardboiled eggs increase the
flame
while you're doing so make sure the eggs
don't break and get these evenly golden
brown on all
sides once these eggs are fried and
ready I'll transfer this into the
bubbling
gravy we need to cook this for another
30 40 seconds and your egg Masala gravy
is
ready well the egg Masala is ready but
just to give it a little consistency
check and make it like a curry I'm
adding some
[Music]
water with this your egg Curry is ready
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
try this with steamed rice or Indian
Breads and wait for what makes a bomb
Chef gets into your kitchen