hey welcome back to how to barbecue
right got another great recipe for you
today we're doing New York kebabs when I
say New York cuz I'm using a New York
strip you can see I bought two 16 o New
York strips and I left this one hold you
can see how I cut them up cuz the way I
do the kebabs I want to get about 8 oz
of meat on each skewer so you know we
kind of cut it into decent size chunks
I'm going to get this steak cut up and
we're going to assemble these kebabs in
a second but you want 8 oz for a a kebab
is going to be a serving so if you're
doing these guests you can make four
kebabs everybody gets a big loaded
skewer with the vegetables and 8 oz of
meat and it works out perfect I like the
New York strip we're making kebabs you
can use whatever cut of beef you like
but the strip you know it's lean but it
also has some marbling in it and so it's
going to give you some flavor and it
does uh really well if you cook it on
the medium rare rare side and that's
what we're going for these kebabs
because I don't want to overcook the
vegetables I want them to still you know
to be tender but to still have you know
enough bite or some texture and we want
the meat to be in that rare medium rare
side so it's juicy and full of flavor
you can see I'm going to keep the
seasoning simple I just got some salt
and pepper and then this is a blend that
you a steak blend called Montreal that
you can buy just about any store it's
got some herbs and some corer salts and
different seasonings in it that really
goes great with vegetables and beef you
can use any kind of vegetables that you
like on kebabs I've got some of my
favorites here just some different
colored bell pepper some zucchini squash
and yellow squash some mushrooms and
some red onion all right so let's talk
about assembling these kebabs now today
I'm using these metal skewers you can
use the wooden the bamboo skewers just
make sure you soak them because you
don't want them to burn while they're on
the grill I like these metal ones
because they do stand up to the heat
well and you can just throw them in the
dishwasher and wash them get multiple
uses out of them and when it comes to
building the kebabs there's no right or
wrong way it's just about you know
getting your vegetables and your meat on
the skewer so just kind of Stack it on
there however you'd like I like to try
to keep it balanced out you know keep a
squash of pepper onion just rotate
it maybe a mushroom but just remember
that you want to try to get two of
everything on there if it's at all
possible and that's a built Kebab right
there so we're just going to knock some
more of these out get them ready for the
grill all right now there's our steak
kebabs
but you can see I've got a lot of extra
vegetables and hey that's okay maybe
you've got some vegetarian friends so go
ahead and skewer those up too um they're
going to cook just fine and it's just a
little extra grilled vegetables never
hurt
anything all right now that the kebabs
are assembled it's time to get them
ready for the grill and what we're going
to do is we're going to get them out on
a sheet pan lined and full a little
bit so now we're just going to hit them
with a little olive
oil I'll come back with a brush and just
kind of spread it out a little bit
doesn't have to be covered everything
but it's just going to give the
seasoning a little something to stick
to a little bit gets down in the pan
just dip that up and brush it on so
let's season this
side got
salt black
pepper and that
Montreal and I like to go a little bit
heavier on the steak pieces with that
and then just spread the rest out pinch
or two here on the vegetables
but you want to make sure you really get
that seasoning on the outside of the
steak because that's what's going to
make that crust some really good flavor
on the
meat all right so let's give these a
flip little more olive
oil repeat the same
seasoning pinch of the
salt black
pepper now come back with the Montreal
heavy on the
steaks all right our kebabs are now
ready for the grill you can set them in
the refrigerator if you need a little
time but today I'm going to be cooking
on my Napoleon propane grill go outside
and turn it on it's going to come up to
medium heat no time flat course you can
Grill these on charcoal any kind of
Grill you want but today I just want to
give this gas grill a try throw
something out there for those people
that just have gas grills we're going to
show you how they cook all right now I'm
out here on the gas grill like I said
earlier I've got the the grape greased a
little bit so nothing sticks to it and
I've just got it brought it up to
temperature it's sit about 400° and
that's perfect for these kebabs I'm not
trying to high heat
cereum I just want to get them right on
the
grate if you're cooking over charcoal
you just want a good medium
fire so we've got the kebabs on the
grill we're just going to shut the lid
about 4 minutes we're going to check
them and start flipping them it's going
to take them about 16 minutes to fully
cook at this temperature that's okay it
gives me a couple different flips so I'm
getting even cooking on all sides um if
you need if you need to just set your
temp down to low low as it'll go to hold
that temp range you don't want it
running away from you but um I'm set
400° if you're worried about temperature
easy to hold okay so it's been 4 minutes
see we're right back up at 400° here on
the dial it's just where we want to be
we're going to start thinking about
flipping these over start to see a
little bit of char on them
that's what we want to see cuz we're
going to get a couple more flips
so get the lid back closed all right
it's been another 4 minutes now I'm
going to start basting these kebabs to
finish them out and the base is pretty
simple I just took a stick of butter
chopped up some garlic really fine
seasoned it with a little salt and
pepper and then added just a touch of
parsley it's going make it flame up that
Butters are fat that's okay just watch
it be careful
now we're going to get these
turned we got a little ways to
go K's trying to escape right there get
the lid
closed get our timer going for another 4
minutes all right it's been about a
total of 16 minutes on this kebabs and
they are as far as I want them to go but
I don't want this meat to get overcooked
so I'm going to start taking them off
we've got them basted with that good
butter garlic butter concoction we're
going to get all our steak kebabs
off that is a great looking New York
Kebab you see all the seasoning that's
seared on the outside of that New York
strip we're going to take it inside let
it cool off just a minute and it's going
to be time to eat it all right you saw
how easy it was to grill those kebabs
there is nothing to it all you need is
just a good hot fire once you get those
kebabs built you get that good seasoning
on the outside get them right on that
flame Let the Fire do its work no matter
if it's propane like I used or charcoal
it doesn't matter and that little butter
that we mixed up there at the end and
Bast it on them was so simple just take
a stick of butter and pop it in your
microwave and melt it and then chop up
three or four cloves of garlic fine as
you can get them mixing with that butter
add a Sprinkle of part dried parsley a
little bit of salt and pepper and you've
got a awesome little basting sauce for
kebabs and vegetables last but not least
you know I got to try one of these
pieces of New York strip so let's take a
kebab off here and take it apart
and more importantly try it I've got my
eye on that big piece right there in the
middle first I'm going to have to give a
squash a try vegetables are in
seasoned get out the way vegetable it's
good but this is the best part look at
that right there we kept them in those
larger pieces so they would end up you
know medium rare and that's exactly what
I want to see man it's got that good
pink color to
it absolutely
fantastic can't say no more about that
we'll have to try a little mushroom too
that's one of the best parts of a kebab
it's so good I'm going back for another
bite look at that perfectly mid rare
that's exactly how you want to see a
kebab grill or any steak for that matter
if I'm eating it there's no doubt about
it kebabs are simple feed a lot of with
a couple steaks you're getting in your
vegetables so your doctor's going to
thank you on that and hey if you got
vegetarian buddies just make them some
all vegetable kebabs there's nothing
wrong with it you can have your steak
right beside them just don't let them
touch you know they get kind of picky
about that stuff but thanks for checking
out our videos today we sure enjoy
fixing this food for you if you like
what we're doing subscribe to our
Channel you can hit us up on Facebook
and Twitter and we're going to keep
putting this stuff out all year long so
come back and see us next time have a
great one