today we're going to be showing you how
to sew chili seeds I'm going to be using
our easy gry roam chili kit uh which has
got everything you need in uh pots
compost seeds and uh expert instructions
uh but you can do it without all of this
uh this just makes it nice and easy
first thing we want to do is get the
soil ready to sew the
seeds in the kit we Supply you with
enough soil uh for each pot and there's
three pots in each kit so you can you
can produce at least three plants
probably
more so just pour your saw into your pot
and you're going almost to the
top and any space soil you've got just
set aside cuz we're going to use a
little bit
lighter we're also going to use the bag
later as well to try and keep a bit of
moisture and heat ins
side once you've got your pot to the
right level just tap it gently down and
that's roughly where the one the the top
of the soil level uh it doesn't have to
be precise but you do want to have
enough Gap in the top to be out of water
without any soil going over the top or
seeds in some cases what I tend to like
doing is actually watering the soil
before i s the seeds uh you can do it
afterwards it's just if if if you do
sometimes the where you place the seeds
it can wash around and it will go into
one
spot so make sure your soil level is
nice and even either tap it down gently
push it not not too far down but gently
push it and you can even use the base of
another pot just to get it nice and
level makes it slightly easier to sew
the seat then then you get your
seed pour it onto your hand and you're
going to be sewing it evenly between the
three pots and just place it I'm going
to put three seeds in this pot just
place it evenly on the surface of the of
the soil just like that next thing you
want to do is cover the
seed what we do for that is just get a
little bit of the Surplus compost from
the beginning and just gently cover it
over A good rule of fun with any seed is
that if your seeds that deep and it
wants to be under that much compost
obviously a chili seed is much smaller
than that uh so we just put a light
covering over there's various materials
you can use for that we tend to use uh
the compost but there is perite ficu
light all sorts of things you can do
with that then just tap it down and when
I say tap very very
gently just place it there and then all
you need to do is water it
again
now that the seed's
sewn you take the
bag and just place it over the top of
the
pot what this will do it's going to keep
a bit more
Heating and it's also going to keep the
moisture in the one thing you don't want
to do is let the seeds dry out generally
speaking with a chili seed and it does
depend on the variety you're going to be
looking around about 7 to 10 days to
germinate can take anything up to 20
days it does depend on the variety in
general the slightly hotter ones take a
little bit longer um but depending on
the conditions and the variety you're
looking between seven and 20 days uh can
go on the window seal can go in an
airing cupboard they don't need any
light to germinate uh the chilies but
when they do start coming through you'll
start seeing them what's class as
chitting uh you'll start seeing the
seeds come through then you need to put
them in a a light area cuz that's when
they're going to start needing light