stage one of the
process one raw egg and one cup of
vinegar the egg starts to break apart
and roll and turn around this is after
24 hours the egg starts to expand
breaking down the shell as the shell
starts to break down it comes off in the
vinegar making a
translucent State and then taking it out
gently washing it you can see the egg is
very
rubbery and translucent and can almost
see right through it at this stage we're
going to take this part of the egg you
could actually bounce this if you wanted
to but we're going to take this and put
it in a glass of sugar water making it
actually
shrink and then after that we will take
uh food coloring let that set for 24
hours and then take food coloring and
inject it with a small needle and you'll
see the egg expand
again I was going to hold it mommy and
you can see it float in the sugar water
now if you had that in just regular
water without the sugar the egg would
actually sink to the
bottom so what we're doing here is
placing an egg submerging the egg in
vinegar and the shell dissolves the
vinegar contains an atic acid which
breaks apart the solid the solid calcium
carbonate crystals that make up the
eggshell into the calcium and carbonate
Parts the calcium ions float free the
calcium ions are atoms that are missing
electrons while the carbonate goes to
make carbon dioxide that's the bubbles
that you see in the first part of the
video another thing that you can try is
the reaction of the egg on the vinegar
is an acid base reaction um a base
reacts with the acid and the vinegar to
make the carbon dioxide baking soda is
also a base try mixing the baking soda
and vinegar and see what happens and you
can actually use this mixture to explode
like a plastic bag which is very cool
but if you watch the next video uh what
we're going to do next is right now
we've put a cup of sugar water and we're
floating the egg in the sugar water this
will make the egg actually
shrink uh once the egg shrinks by
tomorrow um it'll be down almost to half
its size we'll take it out of that and
then we will take plain water uh with a
couple of drops of food color and put
the egg back in it for about an hour the
egg will start to expand what I'll also
do is take a needle and pull out some of
the colored water and inject the egg
with the needle with the colored water
what happens is a little bit later it
will start to spel out like a volcano
with the colored egg yolk and everything
it's pretty gross pretty gooey but it's
an awesome activity for four years old
four year- olds and um just awesome to
try it out and try all the different
experiments so check back on the next
video thanks hope you enjoyed