[Music]
hey everybody today I'm going to review
Milwaukee's M12 heated hoodie model
2381 now I've been wearing this every
single day for the last two weeks and I
got to tell you I absolutely love it
it's very lightweight it's very
comfortable and I honestly think it
looks good now I got the Black Version
because I wanted something that was
going to hide dirt and stains and it was
also going to match my outfits when I go
out in public so this is actually I
think the best color that they make and
what's real nice about it is it will not
only run on the M12 battery packs but
they do have options for it to run on
the M18 battery packs and then let's say
you're taking a long car ride or you
have a long commu or maybe you even run
a heavy piece of equipment then they
have a cigarette outlet adapter so you
can plug the jacket right into the
12volt outlet with no need for a battery
and then you would have unlimited
runtime now with the M18 battery packs
you do also have to get something called
a power source they cost like 30 bucks
but what's real nice about them is they
do have a USB port on the side so you
can charge your cell phones and this
will provide you the maximum amount of
runtime if you already have some M18
batteries so what I'm going to do in
this video is really show you how it
works with each of these and then
another feature that they have which is
a big selling point in my opinion is the
fact that it's machine washable and
dryable so I'm going to put that to the
test next and then we're going to see it
actually being used with all those
different battery
sources okay so now we're going to test
and see if this can actually be machine
washed or if it's going to screw it up
and in the back of it is where the
battery pocket is so the first thing you
always are going to want to do is remove
the battery as well as that battery
adapter the plug can stay inside the
actual hoodie but just make sure that
you remove the battery and the adapter
because if you wash this it's probably
going to cost you about 100 bucks to
replace so we set that out the way I'm
going to put the little cord back in the
pocket and put the velcro back shut just
so it doesn't get caught up in anything
inside the machine and then we're going
to place this in the washing machine so
what we're going to do is run a small
load of laundry on cold and then we're
going to put it on delicates so I'm
going to rotate this up to where it says
normal on the delicates part I'm not
going under regular because sometimes
when I even wash blue jeans under
regular it will tear holes in them so
because I put it on delicate there's a
lot less chance of the hoodie becoming
damaged inside the washing machine so
we'll pull this out and then we're going
to put the soap
in so here's the soap going to rinse
that out and then I'm going to put some
fabric softener up here in the top and
uh once this load's done washing I'll
come down here and dry it and then we're
going to test it out to see if it still
works
okay the washer is done I'm going to go
ahead and pull this out of here and uh
it looks like everything's still in one
piece so now I'm going to put it in the
dryer okay the dryer's been going for
about 25 minutes let's pop it
open and inside now the heated hoodie is
uh completely heated because it's been
in there for so long but it looks like
it's all still in one piece and uh now
we'll bring it in the garage and test it
out okay I'm back in the garage I have
the power pack I'm going to go ahead and
pop it in here and uh then we're going
to try this out so I open up the little
pouch inside the back pull the cord out
and plug in the power
pack I'll pop it back in here and then
I'm going to put the uh hoodie back on
and uh nothing ripped none of the wires
are loose or bunched up
inside and uh I guess now is for the
Moment of Truth isn't it and looking at
this if I hold in on
it it's going to pop up red so high
comes on medium comes on and low comes
on so they actually do hold up to the
washer and dryer just fine I would just
really suggest washing it on delicate
mode because you don't want your washing
machine to tear this up now let's do
some testing with it in the vehicle and
then also with that M18 battery okay now
we're going to try and run the heated
hoodie off of that cigarette outlet
adapter as well as the M18 battery so
I'm going to go ahead and plug this in
the light's going to come on and now I
need to connect this side to the heated
hoodie the easiest way that I found to
do this is just to pull the cord out of
the back plug it in and then route the
actual cable underneath and then zip it
back
up so now when we press the button it's
going to turn on high you can see it's
red we press it again it's going to turn
on white which is medium then we press
it the third time and it turns to Blue
which is low so now the heated hoodie is
running solely off The Cigarette Outlet
of the vehicle now for the absolute
maximum amount of run time on a battery
you can use one of the XC 4.0 battery
packs as long as you have that M18
PowerPoint now like I said earlier if
you plug the extension cord into this
you're not going to have to keep this in
your pocket and you can set it out of
the way so what I'm going to do is
unplug the cord that's plugged into the
Cigarette Outlet because it is a
two-piece system and then I'm going to
plug this directly into the power pack
of the M18 battery so it plugs right in
the side you'll flip the switch to on
and now when I press the button it's
going to turn the heated hoodie on the
same way so pressing it once it's going
to turn on red I press it again it turns
to White which is medium and then the
third time it's going to turn to Blue
which is low so that really is a lot of
different options that this has to power
it whether you want to use the M12 the
M18 or even power it off your cigarette
outlet you're going to be able to do
that so now you've seen Milwaukee's M12
heated hoodie for yourself now if you
pick up one of the kits it's going to
come with the hoodie a 1 and 1/2 amp
hour Milwaukee M12 battery the battery
adapter as well as an 12 charger now
these are very formfitting and they're
very warm we were able to prove that
they are machine washable and dyable and
they're very comfortable if you like
this video please click like if you like
my Channel please click subscribe and
thanks for watching
[Music]