want to know how to make gluten-free dog
treats for your dog well I'm going to
show you that in this very video right
now
hi guys is Chloe here on this video I
talk about anything dogs so if you're
new here please think about subscribing
and click the Bell button so you don't
miss out on any care videos training
videos or any dog treat recipe videos
also don't forget to check out all the
links down below which list anything
that I have mentioned in this very video
the recipe for the treats is down there
and all the ingredients that I used so
on today's video I'm going to show you
how to make gluten free dog treats for
your dog let's get into the video so the
first ingredients that you're going to
want to start weighing out is your rice
flour or potato flour depending on what
country you live in in the UK we
actually don't have potato flour we only
have rice flour so you want to start
weighing out
240 grams of your flower that is gluten
free
then you want to put in 2 tablespoons of
oil in olive oil into the mixture
and
then 1 tablespoon of honey is quite
easily easy actually because of the oil
the honey just slides off the spoon then
you want to mix it all together so that
it becomes a crumb like mixture and then
you want to insert your extra
ingredients so you can put carrots in
here like I am doing cheese apples or
any meat or anything that your dogs
really like you then want to add some
water and start mixing it so it's until
it's like a dough mixture then what you
want to do is you want to roll it out
into a sausage shape
I actually had to split it into two
parts because it was so big and
then you want to start cutting them up
into like little slices ready to start
placing onto your baking tray then you
want the oven on 180 degrees
and you want to cook the biscuits for
around 30 minutes until they're golden e
brown there they go wish them luck
everybody let's hope they cook well so
they went in the oven at 10 past two and
they came out just after twenty two
three and there we go there is the
finished product don't they look great
really pleased with those biscuits thank
you so much for watching I really hope
you enjoyed this video do remember if
you are new here please think about
subscribing and don't forget to check
out the links below and the recipe and
the ingredients are also down there I
hope to see you next time thanks for
watching bye
[Music]