[Music]
Decco hides wallcovering system are made
from real cowhide leather and a range of
colors you just spill and stick into
your prime or painted walls follow these
easy steps to make your own cowhide wall
[Music]
first measure the height and width of
your space and inches then multiply
these two numbers and divide by 144 this
number tells you how many square feet
you'll need to cover one box will cover
10 square feet with Deco Heights wall
covering system you have endless chatter
and possibility
make sure the surface you want to cover
is clean dry and flat also remove nail
heads and everything sticking out from
the wall
to start use a level to draw straight
and even line on your wall this will be
a reference line pull out the tape from
the opposite side of the tile
and with your hands press it down to the
wall
showing the tiles you need with a
precision knife set the white side first
and then took the cowhide leather when
cutting always cut the tiles the
opposite side of the 3m tape keeping the
to taste stick on the tiles now you are
ready to enjoy your beautifully
decorated space deco hides