how's it going folks time to do a bit of
maintenance on this Broad Ripple yellow
current behind me here that's growing
all over the top of the chook pen uh
it's had a fantastic winter or cool
month period growing period um it's
Laden with fruit at the moment so I'm
going to take them off as well turn it
into a bit of a tomato sauce the the
plant itself the one on this side at
least is the original uh it's growing
out of some pavers it just decided to
pop up all by itself
um and I think we've got a couple of
plants that have started over the other
side maybe from some fruit that dropped
um last year from this mother plant so
I'll bring you in anyway and give you a
bit of a look at it um there's a couple
of dying leaves and branches and whatnot
so I thought give it a bit of a haircut
hopefully it'll give it a bit of a
Kickstart now we're coming into spring
hopefully in a couple of weeks time so
anyway let's get cracking so I'm just
down here with the girls just to show
you where this tree is growing from just
between those two pavers there you can
probably make out on the right hand side
where the roots growing along the Gap in
the pavers um there's two main trunks
coming up there I don't know if it's
just from one seed or whether it's from
two but yeah it is a pretty impressive
plant absolutely Laden with fruit at the
moment we find these guys a nice sweet
little cherry tomato we put them in
salads also make up sauces and whatnot
out of them but as you can see there's
also a lot of dead and dying leaves up
there there's also a couple of branches
especially over the back here that are
DED off as well so they all need to come
off um and whatever fruit looks a little
bit spoiled we'll be going through to
those girls in there where are you hey
CH so just to give you some idea on how
large this patch is they're growing into
the door over there all the way down to
the other side of the chicken pen and
we'll walk around the other side quickly
all across the back of the pen as you
can see and down this side as well
towards my spice bed over the back there
the gingle and the turmeric and of
course on top of the pen as well so I'm
just going to take my bowl and My Little
Snips and we're going to go and collect
as many fruit as we can and any of the
look slightly dodgy I'll just toss on
the ground for the Chucks to enjoy I
think that is pretty much well it for
this side I think I'm going to need a
larger Bowl so just inside the pen now
with the girls and as you can see that
there is a whole heap on the roof as
well the idea behind this was to give
the roof a bit of a shake and a couple
of tomatoes fall through for the girls
so I'm going to try and collect as many
as I can from inside here and then we've
got um around the back to do as well so
here's a look of the tomatoes I got from
inside there's a load more but I'm going
to try and reach them from the outside I
just grabbed the ones that were in the
middle and going to be a bit hard to
reach so now I'll start working on the
fruit from this side of the
[Music]
pen now time to go on the roof so any
that are a bit Mankey like this I'm just
dropping straight through for the
chickens
they may not eat them now but they will
eat them eventually while I'm up here I
might trim off some of these Vines as
well make it a bit easier for me to see
what I'm doing that's for
sure hello
hell is getting a bit dense isn't it
yeah but we're going to have loads of
luscious yellow tomato sa so are you
picking them or are you giving them to
the girls um girls are getting the
monkeys and we're getting the good
ones and the girls are also getting some
of the good ones that I can't catch yes
oops like that
one oh dropped
him there are a
[Music]
load that are imprisoned between
wire I think my best course of action is
actually to prune this right back as I
go because the plant obviously is
suffering it's not getting enough water
because it is a little bit dry here at
the moment so I'm just going to snip off
these branches it'll make it easier for
me to get to the tomatoes so yeah I
don't think it'll take too long for the
plant to bounce back at all I'll leave a
couple of little um suckers coming on
them so should be all
right so just to show you there's a
couple of tomatoes like this that I'm
taking off that aren't quite ripe in the
little bunches so those guys there will
just be put to one side um a lot of the
green ones I'm pulling off are just
going to end up composted I think at
this point um they they're a little bit
too
small I point out yeah
that I think the girls are fed up with
tomatoes cuz they're not even touching
them now yeah I know they I gave them a
whole heat
before so here's trimmings pile number
one and then just out the back of the
pen in the hoop house is trimmings pole
number two that's pretty much all the
back and the rear of the pen and this
stuff here is some of the top and this
side so just to give you some idea you
can actually see through the chicken pen
now and through the roof as well um
Bianca came down and suggested I stop
before I take too much off and yeah it
makes sense um she basically said if I
keep going we're not going to have any
continual harest so there's a a few
vines on top of the roof over there and
then some over the end of the pen as
well and there's some you can't actually
see growing up around the corner around
there on the gangle and turmeric bed so
I'm pretty happy oh just a show you
inside the pen I can actually open my
little door now so we can have a bit of
a look inside there are quite a few
tomatoes on the ground in there so I
think the girls are going to be happy
for a while um yeah I don't think
they're going to want to see another
tomato for a couple of days so there's
the Harvest from the chicken pen um I'm
pretty pleased with that there's more
than a few kilos and pounds worth of
tomato in there um all sorts we've got
really really ripe ones some that need
to um ripen up for a couple of days I
think so this stuff is going to be
really easy to process some like these
guys here um there's a couple of
semi-ripe ones on there and we'll just
leave them on the bench and they'll rpen
up eventually I'm also going to go
through the vines as well but I won't
count them in the weighin and hang some
of the larger sections up over the
clothes line and they generally ripen
over a couple of days so there we go
folks there's a bit of a look at the
Harvest day itself I just thought I'd
bring up to date on how much of a yield
we got um it was 3.2 kilos all up on the
day from just trimming them off the
plant um came back later and P picked
off all the ones that I'd missed and
also all the ones Bianca suggested were
they were yellow enough to just make up
a bit of a source so they were harvested
as well ended up with a total yield of
4.2 kg which is 9.2 lb according to my
phone so yeah it was a very good yield
keeping in mind though this coming from
three plants um there was the one I
showed you to begin with one on the
diagonal far Corner um that actually
looks like it was a branch from last
year's plant that had grown into the
ground and then broken off and shut off
by itself so that's a separate plan
again and then there's one just on the
other side of the cage new plant that
has popped up from the bricks that I've
put down to stop dogs and foxes from
digging under the night pen so three
plants all up um yeah around about 9 lb
4 kilos worth of fruit so mighty chuffed
I've already got a couple that are
ripening on top so it's going to still
be a continual yield for us uh how I've
used it um so far the bulk of them were
turned into some yellow tomato paste the
other night all I did was basically
throw them whole into a food processor a
few at a time just um spun them Blitz
them until they turned into a pulp um
did about four or five batches of them
poured them into a large pot and just
boiled them down to a nice thick Rich
golden paste uh Maya wants to use it as
a tomato base for her pizzas on the
following night I decided to whip up a
tomato dish um one of Bianca's friends
be K be um she gave me the inspiration
for this one um basically taking the
tomatoes chopping them in half
sprinkling them with some fresh green um
Thyme and rosemary from the patch here
uh diced it up really nice and small or
chopped it up I should say sprinkled
that over the top and slow roasted them
in the oven it was fan forced 130 for
about 2 hours um and I made them up to
go on top of a pasta dish the pasta dish
was made up from some of the Wai
Tomatoes I had in the freezer um also
with some of the summertime gold I
stewed them down with a spoonful of
garlic paste and also I think there was
about a teaspoon of sugar just to
sweeten it up a bit um made an awesome
tomato paste into that I stirred some
warle greens i' processed and put in the
freezer from our patch um just to give
it a bit of greenery and then that was
pretty much all it for the sauce poured
that over some spaghetti I'd boiled up
and added in some sweet Basel from the
patch here and garnished with the
tomatoes the nice little oven roasted
tomatoes and some locally made Godfather
salami I think was one of the best pasta
dishes I've ever made had the nice spicy
Godfather salami then there was the
crisp sweet Basel flavor then all the
Tomato through the spaghetti and just
those little Herby tomato bites very
fruity very Tangy absolutely fantastic
definitely something I want to make
again I'm just waiting for these guys to
ripen up so yeah I thought I'd just run
through some of the things we've made
with it um I know a lot of people were
asking after I posted photos to our
Facebook account so there you go folks
also too just to let you know those
Broad Ripple yellow currents um I've
saved seeds from them and they're going
to make up part of the giveaway pack uh
once we hit 50,000 subscribers I'm going
to be giving away a couple of um tomato
seeds and other bits and pieces we've
saved from the patch here just to 253
people around the world so you can have
a bit of a crack at trying to grow some
of the stuff we do um if you're not a
subscriber and this is the first one of
our Clips you've seen uh we do Urban
farming to a degree here in our small
backyard um aquaponics the chickens grow
veggies in wicking beds and composting
and that sort of thing post Clips on all
those subjects so feel free to subscribe
um you'll get an email letting you know
when we've posted a clip to the channel
and you can come sus it out also too as
always feel free to leave any comments
questions or suggestions in the comments
section below and I'll get back to you
where I can thank you very much for
coming along hope everyone is well and
happy and I'll catch you next clip
cheers folks you can give me some secets
could you please oh okay see what I have
to work with people