hi I'm Matthew Harker and I'm a private
chef in Boston Massachusetts today I'm
going to show you how to make popcorn at
home that tastes just like movie theater
popcorn except it's healthy and not ten
dollars for a small bag where you need
four simple ingredients we have a cup of
unpopped popcorn kernels three to four
tablespoons of butter melted we have
some salt here and some tumeric which is
going to give us that color and a slight
flavor of the movie theater popcorn the
first step is to take everything over to
the stove and get it popping so come
with me I'll show you how to do that now
the first step is to get all your
ingredients into a pan and you want to
make sure your pan and the ingredients
are cool that's the secret to making
good popcorn at home on the stovetop
so first we'll add our butter and our
popcorn kernels and the teaspoon of
turmeric and just give it a little mix
to make sure everything's nicely coated
now you want to turn the heat on and
while it's heating up you want to make
sure you move it around to keep the heat
evenly distributed so that none of the
popcorn kernels burn after five to eight
minutes your first two kernels will
start to pop and you want to get a lid
on really quick so they don't jump out
keep moving the pan around so that the
peak stays evenly dispersed and just
listen because once the poppin subsides
in two or three minutes you'll know your
popcorn is done and ready to eat so you
can see how easy it is to make popcorn
at home that tastes just like movie
theater popcorn and it's much better for
your kids no artificial ingredients or
anything
enjoy