hey YouTubers it's your old buddy plat
and today I'm going to show you how to
make a rum wash so let's
go a while back I made a video about
making a corn mash and it's become one
of my more popular videos on YouTube and
I'm going to actually go back and redo
that video because several viewers
pointed out there are some technical
points I missed and I want to do it
right so there'll be another corn mash
video coming up uh soon but you can
still go back and see that one and kind
of learn the the basic concepts and uh
also it's good for what's called a sugar
wash uh a lot of Moonshiners used to use
that in the past it was just a cheap way
to make um their their product um also
on that video I went over the legal
legalities desolation here in the United
States you can't uh distill even if
you're not distilling it uh you make all
the beer wine Mead cider you want but
you can't distill it but I have a lot of
viewers in other countries where it is
legal or it's decriminalized they want
to learn a little bit more and since I
make beer I pretty much know how to make
the front end the product or the
fermented product that eventually gets
distilled that's kind of what I want to
talk about today today I want to show
you how to make what's called a rum wash
or it's kind of the Mash ver you know
variant of for whiskey whiskey you mash
in grains what well there's no grains
for rum so we're not going to be mashing
but we're going to be creating what's
called a wash um fairly simple we're
going to use molasses which is uh
traditionally used in uh most of your
rums and cane sugar um there's also
several uh what's called rum agricol
that uses the fresh juice squeeze out of
U the Press cane but we're we don't have
access to that but today what I'm going
to show you it's kind of the front
inside um technically thing is we're
making a sugar wine but for those
jurisdictions that can distill uh this
is the process to get you started on how
to make rum well now that we've kind of
gone over the
disclaimers let's get to making some rum
wash so to start off with I'm going to
take a couple of gallons of water I'm
going to heat it up bring it to roughly
120 to 140 uh we're not going to do a
boil this is not like when you you
produce a beer you're not boiling out um
you're not extracting flavor from the
Hops you're not mashing in like I said
you would your grains what uh you're not
going to reduce like you do with a boil
we're just going to heat the water up
enough to incorporate all these sugars
we're going to add in uh we're going to
end up making a 5 gallon batch but I'm
just starting with two gallons of water
right now and we're going to add first 4
lbs of cane sugar um if you're not aware
of what rum is rum is um a distillate
that's base is is sugar fermented sugar
again a sugar wine that's kind of that's
what we're making today really is a
sugar wine that if you were to make room
would get
distilled you would get distilled from
that sugar wine so uh we're going to
start off with adding our 4 lbs of cane
sugar
suar uh some people um just to kind of
talk about the recipe a little bit we're
going to do four pounds of cane sugar
and three lounds of molasses um you
might if you do a little research in
topic see other uh recipes where they do
all molasses uh if you do that you it's
going to bump up the cost a little bit
that's why we're adding the cane sugar
kind of bring down your cost a little
bit also a lot of people use brown sugar
because there's little molasses in the
brown sugar you pick up that molasses
flavor but you cut back on the Molasses
cost but this uh this is a pretty good
uh
recipe for your uh rum wash rum wine so
let's add the four lbs of
sugar all
right sure to stir that all
in get it nice and
Incorporated kind of like we do our
sugar solutions for our uh laor think of
it that way
and we're not going to we're not going
to like I so we're not going to end up
boiling this because we just came from a
uh from a sanitized package and we got
and the uh the bottles the Molasses are
in sanitized for so for sanitation
purposes we don't have to worry
you got that nice and Incorporated and
I've
had I've had my molasses sitting in a
container of hot water because the
Molasses is real thick and sticky
similar to honey and uh so that will
help it loosen up also I do want to say
something in this rist pee it's 4 lbs of
sugar and 3 lb of molasses technically
these balls are 15 oz inste 16 oz B
bottles um so depending on where you
find
molasses um this is a organic black
strap molasses I found in a Whole Foods
like I said the bottles are 15 oz to 16
so it's roughly 3
lb so let
me pour that in there oh yeah that is
thick thick thick I'm going to keep
stirring and like I said I have three
three bottles of this stuff so let me
finish up putting in all this molasses
getting it all Incorporated and we'll
come back to uh add all this into our
fermentation vessel all right so we
finished up with our making our sugar
wash solution with the molasses and the
cane sugar and I've added it to our
fermenter that we already St that we
already sanitized and I added three
gallons of cold water to it to bring our
wash down to the proper temperature to
get ready for fermentation now I'm going
to use use a red star wine yeast for
this little project uh the old
Moonshiners if they were making this
they would they would have used just a
regular bread yeast uh if you are in a
jurisdiction that allows for distilling
uh you can use a turbo yeast it bumps up
the uh alcohol that you get out of this
wash and it also works faster uh for our
purposes we're going to let this ferment
for roughly a week and then rack off
into a secondary fermentation for
another week uh the way the distillers
would do it was they would have it in a
fermenter for roughly a week four to 5
days up to up to a week um again if you
have access to a turbo yeast it'll
shorten your your fermentation period
down to two to three days you'd be ready
to go into the still but like I said for
our purposes and with the wi we're using
uh we're going to have a primary of
seven days and then we're going to do a
secondary for another uh 7 Days also I
want to show you that I took about 1/4
cup of warm water and threw our yeast in
to rehydrate this reactivates the yeast
gets it woken up gets it ready to do its
uh job also because we're using molasses
which is thick and heavy warber we're
going to have to give our yeast a little
more help and we're going to use uh our
furmax yeast
nutrient for uh this 5 gallon batch
we're going to use a tablespoon and a
half of the yeast nutrient
and this is just going to give our yeast
a little head uh if you remember they
making the the video where we made Mead
again we're using honey another very
thick liquid this is going to make sure
that our yeast has everything we need
the proper it'll help uh just set the
stage right for our East to uh get the
job done so let me stir this in real
quick all right and then we're going to
go ahead and add our yeast um these
packets of bread yeast are perfect for
five gallon batches so if you were to do
a larger batch or whatever adjust
accordingly add that in
there all right all right I'm going to
put the lid on I'm going to go ahead and
clean up around here and we'll come back
to wrap up all right to wrap up we took
3 lbs of molasses and four pounds of
cane sugar and we combine them with
water to make five gallons of what's
called a rum wash that would if we were
in a legal Distillery we would take that
after fermentation and distill it into
rum um again to go over legality of this
if you're here in the United States you
cannot distill distillation is illegal
fermentation though is legal and that's
what we did today we we fermented a rum
wash and roughly a week from now if we
again if we were in a jurisdiction where
you could distill you would take that
wash and then throw it in a Ste for our
purposes we're going to do a secondary
fermentation for another week and then
have a rum
wine um in the future I plan on doing
more videos on the topic like said we
got lot of feedback on it I'm we're
going to redo the corn mash video to go
over little technical nuances I missed
before and I'll probably do a series on
the fermentation in of tequila
scotch bourbon what have you again the
start of all those processes is a
fermentation if you think about what
bourbon is it's basically a corn beer an
unhopped corn beer that then gets
distilled scotch is an unhopped beer cuz
it's predominantly barley that is then
later distilled so I'm going to do a
series videos they won't always be in a
row but we we'll have a series I'll
split up I'll do a separate playlist on
those to kind of talk you through that
process if you do live in a jurisdiction
that does allow for distilling and if
not again we're making basically making
a wine or a beer that could be drunk
anyway well I hope you like this video
if you do please subscribe down below
also feel free to leave comments down
below or you can always contact me on
the Twitter page well until next time
Bottoms Up