hi everyone it's moo and today I'm so
excited to show you guys how to make
this 3D latte bear using real milk foam
I'm definitely no expert in Lattes or
decorating them in general but I really
wanted to create them so I'm going to
show you guys how I created it it might
not be the most professional way but
I'll give you the tips that I
accumulated after many trial and error
this is the cup that I'm using for this
tutorial in particular and you're going
to fill your cup up with your favorite
beverage this can be coffee Lots
espresso or even hot chocolate it
doesn't have to be espresso in order for
you to enjoy this really cute latte
art so once you have the beverage of
your choice you're going to make the
milk foam so as you can see here I'm
using a different cup and I'm using
fat-free milk it's imperative that you
use fat-free milk and your milk needs to
be really cold as cold as possible so
make sure you take it just out of the
fridge and you're only going to pour a
very small amount into your cup you need
to leave enough enough room in your cup
in order for you to form milk foam so I
got this milk foam online on amazon.com
as you can see this is the brand that
I'm using but really any type of milk
foam Machinery you have will work
perfect for this project and all you
have to do is put it into your milk and
just go up and down the cup you want to
go up and down because this help erates
your milk and helps make more foam as
you can see a little milk goes a long
way now for decorating it's not an exact
science but I'll give the tips that I
picked up after trying this multiple
times so I'm starting by filling up my
cup with foam but if you don't want to
fill up the bottom part of your cup
that's completely
fine now with a spoon take several large
scoops of foam and place it in the
center to form the head of your bear or
your kitty cat then with smaller Scoops
you can put Foams on the side to form
the ears and of course two large chunks
in the front to form the little paws
that are sticking out the key to this
project is to be really really quick
because with time the foam will pop and
your little character will disappear so
be as efficient as possible and don't
worry about imperfections as you can see
I'm using the back of a chopstick to fix
any parts of the foam that I'm not happy
with if you don't have a chopstick you
can use a toothpick or the back of your
spoon to draw on the faces I'm actually
using the liquid that I used to fill the
bottom of my cup which happened to be
hot chocolate and I just used a tickpick
to dip this in and form the eyes nose
and the other parts of the body of my
bear now after some trial and error I
realized that food coloring looks really
great specifically the pink color so if
you just take some food coloring and
water you can really color the foam and
make it look really
cute now in case you're wondering for
the brown part all I took was some hot
chocolate mixed it in with some water
and I'm using to decorate the foam now I
actually picked up the tip here and the
key is to actually water down this hot
chocolate as much as possible so it
looks fine now and it looks really cute
but in a second you'll see that if it's
too thick your foam actually starts to
disappear a lot
faster and if you want to change your
character you always can so as you can
see here I added more foam to the nose
because I wasn't quite happy with it and
I wanted to redo how the nose looked now
I don't know if you can tell but if you
look at the Bear Paws you can see that
the paws are sinking in and that's
because the hot chocolate is too heavy
for the foam to keep up and it's slowly
sinking in into the foam so this is what
my project looked like after sitting
around for 5 minutes so I decided to
redo this project all over again from
scratch I'm using similar techniques
that I used earlier with the exception
of I'm using my Chopstick a little more
often cuz it actually helps scoop the
foam off the spoon and that way I don't
have to shake my spoon several times to
get the foam onto the cup and I'm also
using my Chopstick a lot more on the rim
to help decorate the rim as you can can
see there's a dark brown color around it
to look a little more
realistic now the key difference between
this project and my last one is actually
the liquid I used to decorate and form
the eyes and nose and paws on my teddy
bear so what I did is I took the same
hot chocolate but I watered it down with
a lot more water so that the color is a
little bit lighter but it won't sink in
as much as it did the first time into
the milk
foam I used the exact same coloration of
pink for the face because it actually do
sink in and this is what my final be
product looks like I think it's an
absolutely adorable and cute way to
experience your morning coffee if you
have some time I hope you guys enjoy
this video and find this tutorial useful
for more like these Please Subscribe and
give me a thumbs up and do check out my
Instagram my username is flying Neo I'll
catch you guys soon good luck
everyone