now available from test for asbestos the
new professional asbestos testing kit
for use before DIY and refurbishment
projects and by Tradesmen at work every
day keep your family safe test your home
for asbestos it is a fact that you may
be exposed to asbestos in your home
workplace or community did you know that
asbestos exposure can lead to health
problems including lung cancer and miso
Thea testing for asbestos has never been
easier you can easily test materials you
suspect may contain asbestos without
having to pay the significant fee an
asbestos surveyor would charge you
return the samples you've taken to test
for asbestos and we will send you the
ukas lab results within 24 hours
allowing you to get on with your job or
project with complete Peace of
Mind protect your family at home as
bestos fibers can cause cancer if
inhaled regularly take action avoid
unnecessary asbestos exposure protect
yourself and your employees at work
every day you owe it to yourself and you
have a legal duty to protect your staff
don't risk exposure to asbestos buy your
asbestos testing kit by calling
0371 700 515 or order online at www.t
for asbestos.com today