hi guys welcome to my channel kulfi is
undoubtedly most delicious
Indian dessert and today I am going to
tell you and quick an easy recipe to
prepare malai kulfi at home so let's get
started so the ingredients we need are
500ml of 3 boiled milk 1 tablespoon of
corn flour 150 ml of condensed milk 100
gram of mala 1/2 tbsp nutmeg powder and
lastly 1/2 tbsp cardamom powder so first
we'll take a deep pan or carlyle and
pour milk in the pan add 1 spoon of milk
in corn flour and mix it well make sure
the confer is added in normal
temperature milk otherwise if added in
hot it will form lumps i put the flame
on medium and pour the cornflour in milk
mix in the pan before it starts boiling
and mix them well and keep on mixing
until milk boils up and starts reducing
a little
the milk has been boiling for eight
minutes now and it has started to reduce
you can see it layering in the corners
of the fan so now we will add about 150
ml of condensed milk in it and mix them
nicely you can use a can condensed milk
but I have used a homemade one for the
recipe of that you can check out the
description box now keep on mixing it
until it reduces further now after four
to five minutes the condensed milk and
milk are mixed well and boiling nicely
so we will add about 100 gram of mawa
Hawaiin it and mix it if you're using
unsweetened Marwar towe're then add
sugar in it according to your taste and
don't let it sit in the pan mix it well
until it reduces further and gets second
mix has been boiling for eight minutes
now and is reduced properly and is of
right consistency so put off the flame
and let it cool for one to two minutes
now we will add 1/2 teaspoon of nutmeg
and 1/2 teaspoon of cardamom powder
these will give amazing aromatic flavor
to the culture we re adding them at
large
so that they don't get overcooked and
doesn't overpower the flavor of cookie
now mix them well with the mixture and
let the mix to cool down to room
temperature now the mix has been cooled
to room temperature so we will pour it
in the molds today I am using three
different types of mold just for a
variety of shapes now with the help of a
ladle or is food pour the mix in the
mold and freeze for 8 to 10 hours in the
freezer after 10 hours
take out the molds from the freezer and
with the help of a knife take out the
kulfi and your delicious kulfi is ready
to serve
that's all for today guys if you liked
the video don't forget to hit like thank
you guys for watching and do subscribe