hi guys Nick here and today I have
another houseplant unboxing for you guys
today's houseplants I ordered from Ruby
plants calm and you can find it linked
in my description box and let's go ahead
and get started so one thing I do want
to mention is that I will but looking at
plants on this website because they not
only just post you don't get to just
pick actually pick the hospital I'll
include some footage of their website
right here but you literally get to pick
the exact house button you want which is
what I love about going out to the store
and picking out your houseplants you got
to pick the exact one you want so I had
a field day and ordered six plants
I will say they come bare root so if you
don't like that then maybe steer clear
but I thought it would be a good thing
to try because all the houseplants were
like three dollars maybe four dollars
alright so inside the box my invoice it
looks like they have a heat pack in
there which is really good because it's
still kind of cold right now and there
hold the whole shipping for this box
cost only five dollars which i think is
a really really good deal all other
places I order from typically cost like
seven to ten dollars to ship so five
dollars for six plants is brilliant
credible so I have my invoice so I don't
have anything new necessarily I do have
one new variety of peperomia that I got
but I'll just available to you guys as I
open so I don't know first these
aircrafts
better than packing peanuts in my
opinion alright and let's start with
this one right here they're all wrapped
in bubble wrap here I'll show you guys
one more time now that I have the
packaging out so there was one more in
there but they're just all wrapped in
bubble wrap very nicely they all had
their little code on it and they're
special they all every ha splat the
order has a special number like I said
that you got to pick the exact plant so
I'm super excited
Oh Oh Oh ladies to my first clip is
another staghorn fern you know I killed
my last one but I'm super excited to
mount this guy on my wall in our
bathroom
and this is my first time having windows
in my bathroom so I'm going crazy with
it and my asparagus fern you'll see in
my plant tour in a few weeks but my
asparagus fern is putting off new growth
and I know it's not technically a fern
but it's giving me hope that I can start
to take care of fern smart correctly so
I got another staghorn to mow and hang
in my bathroom so we'll see how this guy
goes it actually does have some new
growth on it you can barely see but it's
very silver which you can tell is the
new stuff so yeah I'm super excited
about this this is definitely the exact
one that I picked out in store they're
on their website yes so this is a golden
pothos and they come with just a little
bit of soil but just the roots bare and
I ordered a bunch of planet that's the
reason I didn't order any new plants
specifically is because this is my first
time really ordering this website and
they do come bare root so I want to
order plants that I know I can take care
of and the conditions I have in my home
without any trouble so that's just how I
wanted to go about it if you see any
plants on there that you really want to
get that you don't have I'd say go for
it but I wanted to take take it easy
so obviously the plants you know we're
wrapped up so they're gonna be a little
like disheveled but I can guarantee you
that over today is time and once I get
them planted that they'll just get back
to their normal self as they were when
they were planted in their pods
pipin Emporium moving on
I'm so excited to get these planted and
I should say that I don't know which one
of these plants but I was out like 96 or
97 Hass plans so today I have over 100
house plants so that's really excited
alright I think this is the pepperoni oh
yeah so this one little broken weave but
that's okay so just from the bottom to
that I don't really don't care about
them all right so this is a peperomia I
believe this is a peperomia obtuse of
folia and it has red edges so I really
hope there's one little damage sleep I
will say so it's got some red edges and
beautiful green foliage I do have the
variegated kind but I saw these online
and there are only about $3 for one so I
had to go for it so I'm super excited
about this
I think it'll definitely grow really
well my other pepperoni is growing
really well as well as all my other
varieties okay I'll give you one more
look it is a little to shovel this one
but other than this one broken leaf I'd
say it's in very good condition
alright I have three more
all right so this is another Koko's but
this one is a marble King so let's get
these things out for you guys to see
look how beautiful these are I love
these guys I have another marble Queen
hanging in my kitchen window and as you
guys if you saw my last past plant
Tori's you know that it's dull it's
white over time so I'm super excited to
get another one and but actually though
I will mention that now that I've moved
to my new apartment
my other marble Queen poke this is now
getting quite white leaves but you know
all the other ones that were pretty
green aren't gonna turn white every time
so I figured out the best another one I
think this is gonna add some white color
to all the green in my bathroom so I'm
super excited about this one
alright you guys are gonna be excited
about this one
it is a Pylea pepper anyway this pepper
MUA to use however you want to pronounce
it and I will say I definitely recommend
getting your Pylea on this website they
have so many to pick from typically
sometimes they've done sometimes they
have pages so if you go on their website
and they have like you click on their
pylean it says zero pages just wait a
few days check it out and they'll
definitely post more but if you're gonna
order your Pylea online you definitely
want to be able to pick out the exact
one you want and so I love being able to
pick out a pilot I know I already have
one but I had to get another one
typically they're Pylea run for about
$20 I have seen them for cheaper keep
that in mind but typically they're gonna
be $20 on their website and this one
looks fantastic I'm so excited about
this I'm wondering if it has any babies
I don't think it has any babies
officiate the bare-root I think they
would take off the babies alright super
excited let us become good it looks oh
my gosh and that's another thing I will
say it is very humorous on their website
you will find some plans that don't look
that good but then again you don't have
to buy those you know that you will be
buying a good one
alright I don't even know what I'm gonna
do with this them so the surprise plans
all right oh yeah Oh lady I got a Murata
another red moranto my other one was
slightly on the fritz so I figured I
would get another one and there were
only like three or four dollars is how
had to skip it up beautiful these leaves
are so nice
so beautiful it looks a lot better than
the one I've been growing myself and I
just got this one in the mail and so
some of them have a little bit more soil
than others I guess it's just depending
on how you know thick the root system is
the posts have much more thicker roots
so it came with a lot less soil but
otherwise I'm super excited about this
oh my gosh there's like two or three
plants in here and they sent it to me
for the same practice you know what I
mean I'm the beautiful purple behind all
righty guys well that concludes my plant
unboxing today from Ruby plants Ruby
plants calm and I will also include a
link in my description where if you
click on it and you buy a five or more
plants you will get a free 3d printed
pot with your order so definitely check
that out I highly recommend them I'm
super excited about this I'm definitely
gonna be ordering them from them in the
future
cheapest place I've seen the buy plans
and also really good quality I only had
one broken leaf for maybe two depending
on if you count the one on the bottom on
my pepperoni up to suppo Leah enough
everything's in really good condition
I'm sure over time you know these leaves
are kind of folded but they're not
damaged or anything I can see there's no
creases or anything so definitely
recommend this if you guys have been
looking for a Pylea pepperoni IDs
definitely check out real INSCOM and I
hope you guys have a wonderful day
thanks