hi my name is Melvin way welcome to my
youtube channel please subscribe and
check back for future updates the
recumbents below it's Thursday June 5th
2014 and this is a series on germinating
American ginseng indoors so I bought a
new batch of seeds 150 seeds off of ebay
leave the cost me like $12 or maybe $13
anyway I decided to go with eBay because
I bought my seeds last year from Amazon
and that didn't work out too well so as
you can see it's pretty hot it's 29
Celsius indoors it's usually pretty dry
to 36% humidity right now and if I turn
off the air conditioning as I've just
done it's going to get a lot hotter so
there's no telling what could happen
I've heard that American ginseng seeds
won't do well at higher temperatures you
know they thrive 15 to 20 Celsius but I
have various plants where I'm gonna try
to plant these seeds in because I really
have plants growing well in those
conditions and the conditions vary along
with a soil composition or because of it
from pot to pot this is the pot that
houses my 2-shot on tape melon vines
it's a French kind of cultivar of the
same species that is honeydew in
cantaloupe please check it out if you're
interested so I'm gonna plant 10 seeds
at various depths here at various
positions some in so-called shade and
some of the so called Sun but you know
the environment is pretty constant it's
a very gentle environment this thick
layer of sand is always moist and cool
to the touch and beneath that is mostly
California Hill soil it's a very mineral
rich soil that's high in iron it's very
reddish so I think this will be a very
good environment this is a smaller pot
these are all self watering pots where I
can water from a wok tray at the bottom
that way it doesn't disturb this stuff
at the top as much and make a huge mess
so I'm going to plant you know 10 or so
seeds in here at various depths and then
I'm going to layer some sand on top
I'm not just doing this for aesthetic
reasons although it does look very good
it looks like I'm at the beach you know
because I have all this sand to look at
at home in my living room but also it
prevents fungus gnats from burrowing in
and out and also prevents evaporation as
well so it's aesthetic and very useful I
like the water with 0.5% hydrogen
peroxide to disinfect everything and
oxygenate the soil this pot houses my
ginger plants there are three of them
this is my most successful plant growing
series growing ginger from rhizome
cuttings check it out if you're
interested I'm just learning on sand
because I've already done the planting I
forgot to hit the record button
sometimes stuff like that happens so
yeah basically I chose 10 different
sites around this I think for two of
them I heard thin roots snap as I was
pushing so these plants are expanding in
all different directions and you know I
was kind of pushing my luck by planting
these seeds here but I figured it's a
good environment you know it's a
different kind of environment it's lower
on the Spagna peat moss it should be
drier and I don't water as often
conditions are slightly different so
we'll see if this is a condition
conducive to germination and American
ginseng growth it's getting even hotter
where the air conditioning turned off my
bag of seeds is starting to steam up
surprisingly I thought they were
bone-dry that gives me ideas anyway I've
poured a bunch of sand into this small
pyrex dish and I have five seeds on top
15 seeds interspersed one to two
centimeters deep and I sprayed just a
dash of distilled water to hydrate the
thing some people have anecdotal
evidence on the internet that they just
left seeds and their refrigerators for a
few months and good things happen
everything germinated so we'll see if
this does anything I put 20 seeds
without adding any water or doing any
disinfection or anything in a bag label
in 1 Celsius it's gonna sit right next
to this
Rex dish with ass and that's slightly
moist so it's still really hot and I'm
going to put this back here that says 30
Celsius I gave it some airspace but
these things have plenty of moisture as
I've already shown you
and finally for every series that I post
involving seed germination people always
say that the best way to germinate seeds
is to use a wet paper towel method so I
got this thing nice and moist by
spraying distilled water on it and I'm
gonna fold it up like this I'm not sure
if that's what they mean or that's how
other people are doing it
just so I can see I'm gonna put five
more seeds on the top put like 15 in the
middle so that's another 20 seeds
devoted to this what I'm worried about
in the plastic bag is that the wet paper
towel will start growing mold in as
little as 24 hours but if it doesn't and
that could be potentially a very good
condition for germination hopefully that
works I just want one of these
conditions to work some people think
that the dark induces germination I tend
to think that light induces germination
so now we would