hey everybody animal man here today
we're going to talk about water bottles
for survival use and more specifically
stainless steel water bottles versus a
little bit of water piles and there's a
lot of misconceptions and things I want
to clear up about these and and the
virtues of each and the negatives for
each so we're gonna start out by showing
you some examples here these are two of
my clean canteens which I think are
probably one of the best the best brands
on the market for stainless steel these
the ones that I use in all my gear this
one I use every day it's my everyday
camera and these are made of cold rolled
steel very very Hardy very good to clean
through easy to clean they're wonderful
and you've got the more common aluminum
ones so these are two examples of
aluminum ones this one I kind of Disney
and this one I forgot more ice pour or I
got this one I have no idea but I've
used the heck out of this thing - and
with survival use what concerns me is a
few things I want the bottle to be
rugged and not have to worry about it
failing on you if you drop it or
something like that and the stainless
steel definitely has the edge as far as
that steel is stronger than aluminum a
little more flexible while a little bit
um is more lighter steel is a little
heavier but that's okay as far as I'm
concerned I'd rather have a stronger
bottle with me then worried about
shaving you know a few tenths of an
ounce often or something like having a
little bottle like this so for me
the advantage of this for me is the
extra weight on it okay the other thing
is using this to to store water these
don't have any taste associated with it
steel does not make the water taste
metallic it's got no taste associate
with aluminum does have a taste and I
think it tastes nasty has a very strong
metallic taste to it so what a lot of
manufacturers do with these aluminum
bottles is they have a coating of
plastic it's kind of like gold tinged a
little bit on the inside and that is a
coating a plastic and that coats the
whole inside of the bottle that way the
water does not contact the aluminum and
it gets no taste to it problem with that
is if you're in a situation
you need to purify more water by putting
this on a fire and you're gonna put all
the water well it's gonna melt the
plastic coating into your water which
makes that water gross can't use its
toxic now and then thereafter all the
water that you're going to use with this
bottle is now gonna taste like a little
bit of book is the liner is gone so as
far as a survival bottle putting your
bug out bag or something like that
the aluminum is a big big no-no I've
heard several people lately on video
that in person water it and stop it
that's just not the case it's not a good
idea to boil water a little what I just
said just not gonna work for you a lot
of times a little bit of once here's how
you tell the difference
a lot of times aluminum ones have the
slower mouth so that's what giveaway not
always but a little bit of time to have
a smaller mouth to it smaller cap to it
and then the steel tends to have a wider
mouth also the threading aluminum tends
to be smaller it's a tighter smaller
threading to it so close up with a
threading the gold-coloured threading in
that bottle they're also lighter than
the steel plastic threading on the
inside it either way if you're gonna
boil water at this this is gonna start
to melt stainless steel usually has a
wider mouth like I said much larger
threading to it and the color on the
inside of the bottle should be identical
the color on the outside that's one
giveaway to your stainless steel and
there's a threading on this one you can
also see the color on the inside seen
color
if you're buying these new it's gonna
see around the tank well I don't all
these in yard sales markets so it is
harder to tell but if you follow the
tips I just told you it shouldn't be too
difficult for you to tell them apart
definitely if you find a clean cantina
flea market or something for a buck
just get it get them all
so another benefit to having a stainless
steel ones like I said you can purify
water and emergency but you can also
special this big one here you can cook
it it you can cook ramen noodles in this
rice or noodles
this one you could definitely cook all
kinds of cool things they just fit the
spoon right in there to get it out so
those are just some options for you I
like having you know all about aluminum
does not give you a lot of options
stainless steel does and I'm not even
gonna discuss plastic bottles here
because I just don't like them I just
don't like him you can't put a water in
them so to me it's plastic it's not as
hard as the steel and you can't boil
water right up so just forget it did I
mention that this is also an impact
self-defense weapon - yeah would that
suck can you deal with that if you're
like me after a while water starts to
get going get old you know get gold it
doesn't get gold what what a miles they
have gold
I've even called the ramen noodles in
these you can cook look the noodles
ripped it lift and run ripped in ripped
in new doors stainless steel stainless
steel will hook you up