hey how's it going guys John Santos and
in today's video we're going to go over
the different folds and cuts available
for your clothing line and more
specifically for the labels that you're
going to be applying to your clothing
line so stick around
so when you're starting your clothing
line and when you're looking for labels
you have the option of either folding it
having it straight cut or have the ends
folded and we're going to walk through
the different reasons why you would want
to do that and the different aesthetic
appeal that it gives to your clothing
line so Chelsea what is some of the
options that people have and more
importantly what what do you guys
recommend when somebody's creating this
placement on your garment is gonna
determine whether you want an end fold
center fold or straight cut label the
end fold labels are folded on either
side and then you normally sew on both
of those sides it also produces a softer
edge whereas if you just have a straight
cut it's a little bit rougher but you
can still sew on both sides the center
fold label is typically sewn into a seam
so it's important for center fold labels
to know how much sewing allowance you
need in advance that makes a lot of
sense and the sewing allowance out there
for you guys when you're designing the
label is just keeping in mind where the
foot of the sewing machine is going to
be and exactly how much space the sewing
machine needs whether it's a quarter and
reads or even a half sometimes depending
on what application you're working for
so as you can tell maybe some of the
artwork is a little bit more towards the
bottom on there so would you say it's
very important to realize where the
labels are going to get placed when
they're actually Sabean so fold yes it
finishes the edges a bit more so the
heat cut sides are actually folded under
so it produces softer edges than if it
were just a straight cut so if it's
touching the skin you would want to opt
for and fold over a straight cut this
Center fold label is also
Edge's folded down it's called a center
and folded label typically these are
sewn onto the hem and badges are folded
down to produce a more finished edge
than just the regular straight cut yeah
I've seen that and we've actually seen
and used these on a lot of the exterior
of like of the different sleeves on a
t-shirt
I mean it really gives a nice clean
finish and then up so and then I also
see this thing up here you explain a
little bit what we're looking at here so
this is more of a woven patch than it is
a woven label you can see the overlock
stitch around the outside and then we
have a felt backing to hide the loose
threads these are typically sewn onto
the outside of garments and are usually
sewn on all four sides for woven patches
we can also do die cut shapes so any
shape you want your patch in we can do
it and the application processes are
different - Owen I saw ya see that here
so what what exactly are we looking at
on the backside of this
this one is an iron-on woven patch
so it's nice if you don't want to have
to sew you can iron them directly on we
also have sticky adhesive as well which
is in a permanent bond
some people opt for that and that's
important for you guys to know when
you're asking these questions to the
labels is I remember when I first
started ordering labels and the adhesive
backing it's an extra cost of sometimes
it's an extra a couple cents where
that's 25 30 cents but then we're
actually placing the labels onto our
product and we didn't use the adhesive
backing then the manufacturer had to
actually put the coating on themselves
and that actually added the cost of
labor so you got to really you got to
keep in mind exactly how important the
adhesive backing is sometimes it can be
very important to saving you the cost of
labor and then the iron on labels is
obviously it's going to save you a lot
of money from having to sew it it's
important to note that there's the
different styles of cuts whether you
have the straight cut the die cut
whether you have a center fold or
whether you have an end folded label
there's different options for you to
choose so Chelsea is there anything that
you recommend any tips that you have for
the ordering process yes so once you
have your design logo best way to start
is to either give us a call or visit our
website and you can upload your design
directly to our website then we create a
digital mock-up for your approval it's
really important that you print it to
scale cut out your label and put it on
your garment to make sure it's the size
style that's very important guys I think
that's a really key tip for anybody
that's creating its getting ready to
order labels is really printing out the
digital proof that anybody sends you
whether it's a label whether it's
artwork for your graphics on on the
t-shirt whatever your whatever you're
producing always make sure that you're
printing it out and you're really making
sure that that's the size because it's
not like the artwork changes and them
they decided make it bigger it's always
been that size so you just got to
remember to do that it saves you a lot
of headache and it saves you extra costs
on any additional sampling needs that
might be incurred and in in any
production so always keep that in mind
and overall if you have any questions
always make sure to comment down below
and remember their website is linked
down below and you can also give them an
email or a phone call if you have any
additional questions they'd love to help
they send free samples out as well so if
you have any additional questions for
the folds or for the cuts it's all
available for you guys to really see and
envision and be able to feel because
that's importantly that's because that's
very important when it comes to creating
it you got to visualize it you got to
see it on paper then you got to actually
see it in person so if you have any
questions comment down below hit me up
on social media and let's get going
Thaksin bye