hi guys welcome back to bumbling pandant
to our eighth week in our 10 dresses in
10we summer sewing Series today we're
making this fit and flare A-line skirt
dress so let's get started on the
tutorial I'm using one yard of a thick
stretchy knit fabric with a floral print
you can use a thinner stretchy knit
fabric if you want to have a lining but
since this fabric is pretty thick I
don't have a lining for this dress I use
another fit and flare dress as a guide
to cut a basic tank bodice
[Music]
of course I cut two pieces one for the
front and one for the back
[Music]
I took one piece and lowered the
neckline by a few inches this will make
it my front
[Music]
piece to finish the necklines I cut out
facings so I'm cutting a strip of fabric
for the neckline facing right here
I pinned and sew the facing to the
neckline right sides facing
[Music]
together of course I also cut a facing
for the back
neckline I pinned and sewed the facing
to the neckline right sides facing
[Music]
together then I folded the facing over
so that the wrong sides are facing and
that seam is covered at this point you
can iron the neckline fly but I'm just
going to pin it in place and then top
Stitch that seam
[Music]
of course I also do this to the back
[Music]
[Music]
neckline once the neck lines are
finished I place the front and back
pieces right sides together then I'm
going to pin and sew these shoulders and
side seams
[Music]
using the bodice as a guide for how wide
my skirt is I'm cutting out an a-line
[Music]
skirt I place the pieces right sides
facing each other and pin and so the
side
[Music]
seams at this point I went ahead and
Hemm the bottom of the skirt with a
rolled
hem then I inserted the bodess inside
the skirt right sides facing each other
then I'm going to pin and sew the bodice
to the skirt at the waistline making
sure that the side seams of both the
bodice and the skirt match
[Music]
up so right now you can go ahead and hem
your arm holes if you want to keep your
dress sleeveless but I decided to add
sleeves to mine so I'm using the arm
holes as a guide to cut out sleeves
[Music]
of course I'm cutting out two
sleeves then I folded one sleeve in half
right siiz facing and pinned and seak
the bottom
seam I also did the same to the other
sleeve I also hem the sleeves and and
then I'm going to insert the sleeve
right side facing into the armhole of
the
bodice then I pinned and sewed the
sleeves to the arm holes making sure
that the bottom seam of the sleeve
matches up with the side seam of the
bodice I did this to the other sleeve
too of
course once everything is hemmed they
dress is finished and this is what it
looks like yay I hope you guys like this
dress and if you make it or any of the
other dresses in this series please send
me photos I will see you next Tuesday
thanks for watching guys bye
[Music]