installing meeting is not only very
simple this is probably the easiest part
of finishing off the liner's flowing
this is a beading that we're going to be
installing that's actually color matched
to the actual laminate flooring that we
have installed and you can see that I've
already made a starts I've actually done
that kinda down there and then it can
get a TV cabinets back in and if we take
a look around the fireplace you can see
that I've actually taught the beading
already although I've not fixed that
employers yeah this beading is made from
MDF and if you look on one edge of it
the desert writing just on the one edge
sort of make things simple I'm always
going to put the writing it down to the
floor so I've got the beading in the
orientation that I want it so we need to
do a matter in this corner which is
going to be 45 degrees so what I always
do is draw a line on there showing the
direction of the mitre that we want that
prevent from getting confused when you
get to the edge wall so I'm not going to
take the beading and I'm going to make
sure that in writing it's on the bottom
again and then I'm going to pull up in
the miter saw you will also notice the
pencil line on there it's showing me the
correct direction by the miter so I'm
now going to carefully cut that and that
will give us a perfect miter for the
corner
also that bit because we may need that
later on as you can see we've got a
perfect 45 degree internal mitre color
this is a PC beating that I'll just
magnitude on that corner and we're going
to push that vision so we don't get
confused when we're cutting the actual
bye to all other than major using the
tear major rats and onecoin it directly
into the other corner and this needs to
be a really accurate measurement is 215
centimeters not Ted the tip measure to
that end using some installations here
so we can now get this to the correct
measurements if you look on top there
that is the actual cut mark and that
pencil line there is actually showing
the direction of the court that we need
again I'm ensuring that the writing is
on the bottom also go into the correct
position and then going to cut that too
so that piece of beading now fits
perfectly in between those two points
we're now going to do this while the
meet up to the piece of beading that
we're just caught in that corner because
we've gotten to leave the architrave in
and slightly on the piece of skirting
though it does make this incredibly easy
to finish off when you see to ensure
that we've got the beading the correct
way around is enacted at the bottom
again and we can simply end this piece
of beading about whether two minutes
what needs I'm going to put me turn on
the end of that so I'm just going to
draw a line on there they don't know
which orientation to cut it in because
it is easy to get confused when you're
cutting Mounties on beading
you'll remember it on an earlier piece
that are said to save that piece what I
want to do is rub the line off I'm just
going to charge it up a bit with a
Stanley knife and then I can actually
glue that on the end of there and we are
a perfect return if the return that is
caught is a little bit too big like that
one you can always remove the back of
that just using a file so I've not put
that piece in position but it isn't
fixed yet we're just going to go to the
corner you can see that I've laid down a
piece of beading alongside it I'm gonna
ensure that's the correct way around
with the writing at the bottom and then
we're going to put a piece for the very
corner it's always a good idea to get
your joints in the corner because most
people actually see them and the quite a
bit more time is isolated furniture or
something so that's why that piece of
beading is going to God once you get
this the correct way with a baguette at
the bottom again so it's roughly got it
all there so we need to mark this corner
so we get that might in the correct
orientation and then we can simply cut
this is not what this coroner matted
correctly but it is difficult getting it
to look right
once we like the fixed it in position
because once you get to the nail lat it
may pull up piece down you may move it
slightly and then you don't know if a
perfect Mouser
in the corner so what you can do is
apply a bit of superglue to the corner
and then you get your miter absolutely
banging on wall start is bang-on you can
then nail it in position
to use this sprayer that on to one part
and just leave that to evaporate for a
couple seconds apply a few drops of the
superglue to the other point and then
when you push both pieces together you
get a couple of seconds
and then after about 10 seconds it is
stuck completely in fact if I might boil
up right now that's stuck already we can
now start to fix the beading to the
skirting board when you do this it's
important we press down on it because
once it's walled the actual laminate
valve we're going to use this chat wise
one for te L which will fail nails and
it fails nails al to decide now will it
show us a picture after there so when
you do this you need to ensure that you
get it about half way down on the
beading because if you get it too out
there is a danger that you will actually
split the beading so I've got one in
there now we're just going to go along
this edge we're just going to fire you
in these Brad's approximately 300
millimeters that will old Reading Gaol
it's also important when you're fixing
your beading that you don't actually fix
it to the floor you want to fix it to
the skirting board once you fade in the
VADs
just run your finger over them ensure
that they've been far enough you feel
your finger across there you can
actually feel that head what that
sinking in a bit so I'm just going to
tap I'm using a long balls so you don't
get this long life in position we can
pop that up to the piece that we've got
no can start to fix Darla feeding so you
can see it we've now started to fix the
beading we've got it fixed on that back
edge and we've got it fixed all the way
down this wall so I glued all these
pieces to go
and this can now be pushed into position
in one piece and then we can tap up into
position using the Tatra so as you can
see that now looks very neat the beading
around the failure is actually now all
in one piece because I've actually glued
it so I'm going to use some clear
silicone and I'm going to be along the
bottom there sorts of that will hold the
actual beading in position now what's
not gently closed we do I can then
squirt one side of the beading with the
excavator then carefully apply the
adhesive to your piece and then I can
carefully push that into in position now
it's including to push this piece of PD
back until the solid form grabs it and
then that will cure and that will
actually all live in position let's put
a bit of weight on that to old it down
because it does keep stringing up so
obviously what the room looks like when
it's finished you can see that we've got
a nice needs finish around the fireplace
and around the perimeter or the beading
is nice and neat and even at the very s
they were a lot difficult because of the
actual pirate one was in a decent
position the forms up against the
skirting board so we have made a really
decent job on this room and it does look
quite neat
you