[Music]
what you're going to do first is check
the end of the ear candle you want to
make sure it's clear and that you could
see all the way through it you're going
to take it and gently place it in the
person's ear canal to ensure fit if it
doesn't fit you want to trim off just a
little bit of the end in order to start
this project you're going to get a paper
plate and cut a little Little X in the
middle then you're going to take the
tapered end of the candle and put it
through the
X give yourself about 3 or 4 inches on
the bottom of the plate and this is how
you're going to put it in the person's
ear okay you're going to adjust this as
you go down you can move the plate a
little further as it's burning okay now
the fun part again candle is not damaged
on either
end we're going to get our handy dandy
lighters out make sure you're in a safe
area and there's nothing around that
could be burned make sure your hair is
back and the person you're working with
hair is back have a wet handy towel
around just in
case and light your
candle what you want to do is keep your
finger on the bottom of the candle and
this is going to prime it give it about
10 seconds of burning if you look close
you can see the smoke starting to go
through the candle it travels down the
length of the candle and at the bottom
you'll see smoke coming out when you're
sure that happens your candle's ready to
go take it gently place it in the
person's ear canal and give it a quick
little twist and you want to hold it in
place and twist it until no smoke comes
out of the ear canal anymore and that's
how you know you have a good
fit as the candle burns down the flame
May grow from 2 to 6 in tall and that's
okay you'll want to trim down the excess
as it grows too high make sure you're
using a high quality paper plate or else
the candle can actually burn through and
that's why we have a cup of water here
to extinguish anything you'll want to
continue the process of trimming the
candle as it grows about an inch of Ash
on the
top the person may hear crackling sounds
may sound like burning there should be
no pain no pressure how are you feeling
Maria
perfect you
each ear candle takes about 10 or 15
minutes to burn all the way down wait
till you see when we cut it
open it relies on a semi vacuum system
where the smoke and the heating of the
ear wax inside the ear canal allows the
particulates to rise into the
candle similar to that as a vacuum
cleaner frequently check back to make
sure you still have a good seal around
the ear
canal it's amazing what can be pulled
out from on the
a it's a great way to relieve the head
congestion freeze up your ustation
tubes allows better sinus
drainage about halfway through
what is needed for ear candling ear
candles at least one per ear but as many
as three or four maybe uh scissors or a
simple knife a paper plate and damp
towel is generally used but that's
optional it's not necessary but if you
want to as an option have a damp towel
with you that'll be perfect uh maybe a
spray bottle a small dish of water as
you've seen here we've we have a little
cup of water um a few cotton swabs on
hand and of course um an herbal Ear Oil
me personally I love the Mullen the the
Mullen Ear Oil it's awesome Maria is a
champ she's you're doing so well and
here we go remove from the
ear make sure it's thoroughly doused
and you can see
inside as you can
see you got some goodies that's a lot of
mucus and wax and stagnant lymph that's
been sitting congesting your sinuses
your ear canals your ustation tubes this
is the pressure you feel in your head
this is what's in your ears and you
didn't even know it's there hi guys
we're back we've just finished doing
Maria's other ear and now it's time to
put some Willow garlic Ear Oil in her
ear this will help calony the
inflamation lubricate and start offering
some nutritive properties to her in her
eardrum so we'll get a nice clean cotton
swab and you just want to put a couple
drops of the oil onto the cotton swab
you don't need too
much see just a little
bit and you're going to gently swab the
inside of her ear canal with this this
will calm soothe and clean what little
remnants are
left and there you have it ear
candling at
[Music]
home for