good morning friends Chia
caribbeanpot.com your wicked Chef today
I'm doing something quick and tasty for
breakfast and it's something some of you
may already know and some of you be like
what the heck is Chris making this
morning it's going to seem strange to
you but trust me you're going to love it
I'm doing some Vienna sausages with some
tomato onion Scotch bonnet
pepper all kind of lovely flavor things
going to happen to this Vienna sausage
so Wicked something to go with your
breakfast in the morning additionally if
you want to make a quick lunch you can
make a sandwich with this as well to a
all kind of lovely things you could do
with this chrisy caribbeanpot.com guys
let's show you guys I'm going to show
you guys how to make a tasty breakfast
Vienna
sausage Let's see we can quickly run
through the ingredients we'll be using
today upfront tablespoon of good tomato
ketchup we'll need about a teaspoon of
olive oil you can use vegetable oil oil
if you want it's totally up to you or
you can leave it out Al together cuz
we'll be using some margarine as well
I've got a nice Ripe Tomato here I'm
going to use maybe about half of this
tomato Scotch bonnet pepper you know I
got to put my Caribbean Sunshine in
there totally optional but if you want
to give it a nice little spicy kick
we're going to use maybe I don't know
maybe about a quarter of this pepper No
Seeds because we don't want the heat but
we want well we want some of the heat
but not that raw heat from the seeds a
tablespoon of margarine you can use
butter as well it's totally up to you
guys I've got here an onion uh
mediumsized onion we're going to use
about half of this onion about 1/4
teaspoon of fresh ground black pepper
and the star of the show Vienna sausage
one can of Vienna sausage and this says
net weight 142 G so that's about
it so the first thing I did was I opened
the can of Vienna sausage and I'm just
want to drain out the liquid that's in
there and then give it a quick
rinse shake it all out cuz I don't like
that sort of stuff it's packaged in and
now we're going to set this aside so we
can chop this up into smaller pieces
first up we've got that Scotch Bonet
pepper and I'm just going to trim a
piece off it guys whenever you're
working with Scotch botted Peppers let
me just cut it open so you can see more
clearly we've discussed this in the past
but this the area here around the seeds
and directly surrounding the seeds is
where most of that heat that raw heat is
going to be so try not to use that if
you're uh overly concerned about that
raw heat I'm just going to set this
aside and remember to wear gloves when
using Scotch boned peppers and to wash
your hands with soap and water
immediately after so I've got like about
a quarter of that pepper here and all
I'm going to do is give that a fine
chop set that the
side we've got the uh half of an onion
here and again
that's a fine
slice same thing with a
tomato I'm just going to give that a
fine slice as well well a thin
slice and I'm just going to hit him
another cut down the center so we've got
all those pieces of tomato and
finally we've got those Vienna sausages
and all you're going to do is cut it up
maybe about4 of an inch or
so I'm just going to continue cutting up
the rest of them here and that's all the
prep work
require can't even say required this
morning required got my saucepan here on
a medium heat it's fairly warm already
so in goes that olive oil just a little
bit of olive
oil and right away I'm going to top to
in the sliced up
onions cuz I want this to soften up and
to release some of its
flavor the whole idea here is to build a
sort of a flavor base for everything
this is not going to be just your plain
old Vienna sausage I'm I'm showing you
guys how to cake things up in a wicked
way as I start hearing that sort of
Sizzle coming from the pan here what I'm
going to do is turn my heat down to low
and let that slowly cook until until the
onions are nice and soft they're going
to go translucent and they're going to
release all that flavor so it's going to
be on low for about 2 to 3 minutes and
then we're going to start adding the
other
ingredients the onions are nice and soft
now so I'm just going to go in with that
dose of freshly ground black
pepper quick
stir my heat is still on low
and now we can pretty much add all the
other ingredients in there so in
goes a Vienna
sausage
tomato Caribbean Sunshine Scotch bonnet
peppers now remember that is totally
optional it will give it a wicked kick
that
ketchup and the margarine
you want to do is give that a quick stir
[Music]
now if you want to add some scallions to
there you want to add some parsley to
there by all means do so guys one more
thing I forgot we're going to add a
couple tablespoons of
water as well
and just let this simmer for
about well pretty much a heating through
the Vienna sausage and you're trying to
soften up that tomato just a little bit
so my heat is still on low and I'm going
to let this go for about 3
minutes it's been going out for about 3
minutes this is all done it's going to
look like a big old mushy mess to you
but the flavor let me just turn off the
stove here the flavor is going to be
amazing eggs toast and you're good to go
I'm just going to brighten it up I just
went in the backyard and I got some
chives and that's it guys Vienna
sausages Caribbean style for breakfast
you'll notice I didn't put any salt
here's the thing with those any sort of
package those canned stuff the stuff you
buy in the tin like these Vienna
sausages there usually a ton of sodium
in there and I hate adding more salt to
it all the margarine will have some salt
in it as well so there's absolutely no
reason to add any more salt to this this
is good to go with your eggs with your
toast hey even if you want to have it
for lunchtime make a sandwich chier
caribbeanpot.com a nice little closeup
something
there always a pleasure to have you guys
here in the kitchen with me give this
one a try you're going to love it uh if
your kids don't like the scotch B pepper
they don't like the Heat and I know a
lot of adults like that as well you can
certainly leave out the Scotch bonnet
pepper but give it a try you're going to
love it