today I want to show you the Eastwood
Versa Ben sheet metal brake which is
perfect for all those small jobs on that
restoration and show you why it's the
breake you want in your shop if you need
to make tight bends like when building
bracing or even making a patch panel on
a truck floor you need a brake like this
with a removable front fence to allow
you to make those tight bends all you
have to do is make your Bend remove the
front fence and then make your other
bends removing the fence allows you to
make those tighter bends so if you're
looking for a break that will do more
than just make a regular 90Â° Bend you
need to check out the Versa Bend sheet
metal breake from Eastwood it sure beats
trying to beat metal in a vice where you
can never make a joggle bend the Versa
Bend Will easily Bend 20 gauge steel and
18 gauge aluminum up to 20 in you can
even Bend 18 gauge steel and 12-in
widths you can also get the forming
brake for the Versa Bend which will
allow you to create hard- to form panels
as well as window channels floor braces
weather strip retainers door Sills and
more you can boat it directly to your
workbench or just put it in a device
like we did here so you can store it out
of the way when it's not in use it's
easy to use and perfect for light Metal
Fab or auto restoration and when you do
your own Metal Fab on that restoration
like bending your own channels for door
frames or making patch panels the tool
will pay for itself very quickly plus
when you do the job yourself not only do
you save money but you know it's done
right and done to your standards if
you're really looking to do some cool
Metal Fab with your Versa Bend combine
it with a shrinker stretcher kit and you
can really form parts for that
restoration and make perfect door jams
windshield frames channels and other
curved areas on your car or truck for
all the tools you need when you're
restoring your car from paint guns to
welders and everything in between like
this Eastwood Versa Ben sheet metal
break visit eastwood.com