hey friends this is the Mrs Wolfie from
our Halfacre Homestead and I had a lot
of people ask me how I cook turnup so
I'm going to show
[Music]
you okay these are the last couple of
good turnips for my
garden um these are fairly small
actually and they've gotten the last
ones in the garden have been chewed by
some kind of of uh bug it doesn't mean
they're not good it just means they're
kind of Woody and they're not going to
cook nice so tomorrow they're going to
be chopped up and divided up between the
pigs and the goats because of course
they love them now first of
all we're going to cut up and peel our
turnips now you want to cut them up into
about half in cubes
roughly we're just going to put them in
our pot of water
here they don't have to be in perfect
halfin cubes just so long as they're all
pretty much the same
thickness and of course you can eat now
it is known that you can eat the greens
and the
Skins I but I'm sure if it was a
starvation situation I would have no
problems with that and one and next year
I am going to attempt doing turnup
greens now we have our pot of turnips
I'm going to put a half a teaspoon of
salt in here and bring these to a boil
and cook until they are mashly tend okay
here is our mashly tender cooked turnup
now I'm just going to drain the rest of
the water off and I'll be right back
okay to this we're going to add a knob
of butter about a
tablespoon a knob a knob of butter Yes
dear and approximately 2 tablespoons of
brown sugar now folks if you don't want
to add sugar to your turnup okay and I
cook rud bagas and turnips exactly the
same way if you don't want to add sugar
and you're a diabetic you can cook it
with an apple that has been peeled cord
and sliced or for your rudaba you can
add a carrot and that will actually help
stem the bitterness and give it some
sweetness but we like our brown sugar
don't we Papa Y and we're going to add
some
pepper little bit of pink Himalayan salt
and we Mash now this isn't going to mash
smooth and creamy like say mashed
potatoes will but I guarantee it folks
you add brown sugar butter and salt and
pepper to your turnup or your
rudaba and it is going to change the way
you think about the flavor of turnup
changed Wolfie didn't it dear
he didn't like the way he told when we
first met he hated
turnup and I said and then I tasted no
offense mom but then I tasted his
mother's and she just mashed it she
didn't add any brown sugar and butter
and salt and pepper so ever since I've
cooked it this way Papa has been an
absolute fan okay before we get on with
the rest of dinner which is another
video Papa's going to taste the mashed
turnup
[Music]
awesome and you used to hate turnup when
we met didn't you Yep this is the Mrs
wolfy from our half acre Homestead
saying turnup too bitter brown sugar
covers a multitude of sins take care
bye-bye