hi there i'm matt kemp from the
underground cookery school
hi there I'm going to show you how to
make a broccoli soup now um it's sort of
soup easy you know it's a basic template
if you just follow that template you can
pretty much make a soup out of anything
all you really need is a good stock and
and some veg which is either already
cooked or or you can cook with the suit
depending on what it is now I've just
put some olive oil in there and I'm
going to leave it for about a minute so
it gets really nice and hot so that when
I throw the onions in it's going to go
chake a nice noise I've also decided to
put a little bit of chili in the soup
and the best way of doing that is using
a powder and the best way of getting
spice into whatever you're cooking is
through the onion using that onion as an
agent so what I'm going to do is fry off
the onion that you see the smokes coming
out the pan now so those can go in
that's that noise I was talking about
earlier on give that a good old shake
I'm actually just going to turn it down
a frank shirt I'm going to add a pinch
of chili powder I think a quarter of a
teaspoon is going to be more than enough
a little goes a long way
now because that's on such a furious
heat we can also add a bit of chopped
celery and some diced carrots and that's
just going to add a bit more depth of
flavor you don't have to to add those if
you don't want and the idea is just to
let those cook down for you know a
couple of minutes just till they go nice
and soft what I'm also going to add now
is a little bit of garlic now be careful
because if you don't keep your eye on
the garlic because it is so small and it
will burn and then all that will happen
is your soup will taste of burnt garlic
well what I've got are some broccoli
florets and I'm going to pop those in
and I'm just going to cover those
ingredients
with a bit of chicken stock those
ingredients are now nicely covered now
the idea behind this is the broccoli
over the course of the next three to
four minutes we'll cook cook down well
then blitz the whole thing up and play
it up
welcome back I just going to take the
put that down otherwise someone will
write in and tell me I'm being dangerous
those broccoli are nicely cooked now and
I'm just going to whisk everything up
now listening to me talk bad enough
anyway but competing with this double
bad so you'll see me going in and then
we'll plate up afterwards you get the
basic I do
ladies and gentlemen that is how to make
a broccoli soup
you