okay so for a while now months I've been
threatening to do a video on the
painting of these theory quartz crystals
spirit quartz crystals captures quartz
crystals where do you want to call them
and this is the lost hole I got from the
mine I picked it up yesterday
as you can see that are pretty scrubby
when you get them first they're all
covered in mud and clay some of them
have been water washed when I before I
bought them that just to get the most
the mud off and some of them like these
here these are just little just mindish
before I got there yesterday and it's
also impossible to tell what that is
obviously you can see there those are
gonna hurt nice and white I did actually
manage to get some good purple which I
haven't gotten for a long time so
that'll clean up nicely also got some
long ferry quotes fingers and some lilac
and also some sunshine quartz just a
nice yellow coating of goo 30 those
weren't put into oxalic acid those were
just water wash so obviously the first
step to cleaning these things is we'll
just give them a good power washing is
busy with their what's they finished in
the power wash we go into the oxalic
acid baths it's someone asked we don't
need to heat it but during winter I've
got a 1500 watt water heating element
we've managed to MacGyver into a little
contraption that works outdoors
once comes out dogs a leaky
because it can does crystals can go
quite yellow in there but then drop them
into piles of bicarbonate of soda and
then when they come out with the final
spray at the top here with my new
favorite toy
this is a spotting gun it's used in the
textile industry used for cleaning
cleaning cloth and in the dry cleaning
cutting but
so that it's a very fine jet of water
and the immense pressure at each of the
finger you will bleed and we'll use that
to clean the cooktop further for me and
I suppose at this point what I'll do is
I'll pick a few crystals here to do a
before and after silk see what they look
like before and then pop see just before
we sell them okay so this I think is
going to come up lavender or like purple
those have a see now and that's how that
one came up pretty nice black purple
with the citrine ish tinges
this is the classic purple it's quite
annoying people are always asking me for
these but really this is the first time
I've gotten any sort of quantity of
these in the last two years these are
pretty much mined out and if they do
come up the the press are really really
bad they four five six times more
expensive than the other ones at the
mine source so I'm quite pleased to have
a couple not many of the long ones like
this though most of them are more
cluster type flattish and we'll see how
that one cleans up in a minute
purple absolutely gorgeous and the other
one very strange if I managed to get
just a handful of these black tabulous
I've never seen them before there's only
two or three of them I think they're
gonna have a yellowish coloring this
rather strange one oh by the way these
will by the time you watch this video
these will will be available on my
website I'll put up as singles but
there'll also be some wholesale batches
available of this type of thing some
nice long fairy quarters the thing with
these fairy quarters they tend to have
very fine glittery drusy on the outside
with a very high refractive index so you
get them in direct sunlight they're
really sparkly and look far nicer than I
do like this theory quartz
where's the photo
also some nice light smoky please just
have some clay on them they sure and
said too much work that'll come up quite
nicely quite quickly this one did cut
really nicely
that's smokey amethyst I think this is
going to be his light smoky as well
pretty hard to tell through all the clay
I was wrong on this one
two-tone the citrine eat India and the
one side really nice white on the other
there's a nice sunshine yellow if we put
this in oxalic acid the yellow coating
will dissolve it'll go back to either
white or or lavender whatever's
underneath that but when the yellow is
that nice I like to keep it and we'll
just water wash it with some soapy water
and give it a pressure wash and just
keep the keep the yellow in tact there's
the nice golden yellow don't have too
many of these but I'll put up a couple
of batches wholesale on the website this
one will also be yellow but I think it's
going to be a really nice move
underneath that so this one I'm gonna
put in the oxalic and see what happens
I'm actually quite disappointed in these
I vastly overpay for them I was
expecting a lot more color a very pale
purple with citrine touches there are
very nice sizes and shapes but I still
think I paid way too much for them