okay what are we making today I'll be
making Papa's this is Srilanka know what
is a Harper
it's made of rice flour coconut milk
before and yeast so you're gonna you're
gonna tell us how to make it so what do
you what is this this is rice I like you
know so when I sew rice that's just in
water yeah it's just soaked in water and
then you put into this or anything yeah
black part of mine like you know maybe
little by little so what is this gonna
make those are gonna make a flower yeah
this week I make a flower make sure like
you know so that means like oh you see
me make a picking like oh he is like you
know so I'm gonna find so the big piece
is for
so this is the consistency okay yeah so
there's no more like you can't see the
rice anymore it's just oh yeah I'm till
it liquid if I saw so I mean if it's not
like defy you can still put back again
and do that so so I had shown rice here
so I had a keeps going doing the process
let me put this in here okay
so coconut milk this is coconut show me
the show me the cam I mean show me that
can okay you see what it okay so this is
coconut milk no show me the front no
you're not supposed to know it doesn't
matter okay oh yeah coconut milk yeah
you think they're gonna sue us just
because we show the coconut milk on
youtubes another big deal oopsie oh geez
don't know how to open it cuz it you use
this one up
you keep pouring it the wrong way I mean
you got a pour it so it doesn't block
that can't okay see this is coconut girl
okay you can use ready-made tri-slosher
show me package nice fun okay so I'm
gonna add rice flour too thick on that
because it's not thick enough
I don't want and if you what if you
don't have rice flour you just have to
make more of that rice study a storm but
yet there with the water evaporates
just use less water use less water for
binding okay so what's the next thing
you're gonna do yeah add the yeast to
our like you know to rise the so what
women what is this like you put the
yeast powder into what yeast water and
sugar yeast water and sugar it's like a
little bit warm water so it's not gonna
water and then you just leave that yeah
your mama you gotta pour it the other
way because your blog in the camera okay
he is he sorry I didn't use make sure
mm-hm and then let rise for this to
yeast do like you know come alive and
rice so half an hour to like you know
for together so once it becomes thick
enough you just leave it yeah for like
30 to 45 minutes yeah
until the then does it become like it
doesn't become a dough or anything like
no it's just it's still a liquid yeah
it's a bit deep liquid but a little
bubble I guess on alone yeah it's like a
little bubbly like II know buckle yeah
because it's G's it's alive conscious or
hmm okay so you left it sitting for how
long like 40 minutes you know so 40
minutes and then you're putting it into
this cup yeah then it's easy to pour
into the pan did you put any salt in
this yeah yeah I already put sauce so
you put the salt in after it's done yeah
after it's done fermenting yeah because
you said that the salt kills the yeast
or something yeah yeah so you have to
put it in afterwards okay what is this
you still like a pain that's a walk yeah
like a small walks so this is how you
shape the EE at the hoppers I guess yeah
so we pour the sheeps that's quite
awesome so I'm going to nonstick spray
how long do you cook it for like 34
minutes
so what you do now cracking egg into a
ball so I mean there's two types of
poppers like it's like you have a main
hall person up on your copper so you
crack it into a bowl first I mean it's
you can pack into the but like you know
hot ball so what's this stuff it's like
our tomatoes onions and teeny little
chili powder and like you know and also
I mix faith Dakota samba yeah I'm all
like you know little bit courtesan wow
so where do you get this stuff that's
one the Sri Lankan ethnic food yeah you
can't find that at the grocery store no
so you just eat this with the hoppers
right yes why Cecil and you can you can
pretty much eat the hoppers with
anything right I mean like you can even
get their butts it off with jam or make
it a chicken curry mm-hmm so it's pretty
much done though yeah my dad just looked
a little brown yeah
so that's how you know that's done I
guess yeah it's like getting the drums
okay so it comes out easily and that's
what it looks like hold it up so I can
see like no touch the actual thing and
like turn around turn around see the
bottom to see the bottom I want to see
the bottom
I want to see the butt okay they see
that's how it looks like
then you cook it for a little bit and
then put the egg on or do you put it on
right now you put it right along okay
and how long do you leave that again
like you know same amount of time oh
yeah for a minute yeah okay so now it's
done it's done okay to be cooked one of
the pan is hot okay so show us sure by
how you eat it
hey you put some hard salad in here so I
mean just be out and like you know
that's it so that's how you make that's
real uncle yeah I mean becomes you can
dip it and eat or write this how is it
good