assalamualaikum DRS myself silky this
section will provide details solution to
arise in portable remember the rice ball
table can be used to determine the
reduced level of points which are taken
its top rod using living machine before
starting the solution I'll start by
trying the rise in our table this table
contained economic number backside
inter-site poor sight rise and fall
there's why this table is known by rice
our table and then the our end and of
course remarks limit Raza Murad's
like in this palm one two three four
five six seven eight and of course nine
less we have taken some readings
unloading stars like in this farm the
main purpose of solving this table is to
calculate the RL of each point remember
the PX height is always taken and
benchmark so the pastoral must be known
as the Arella past point is known so we
need the adela on these remaining points
from two to nine to calculate the RL aa
are these points we need of course the
rise and fall of each point to calculate
the rising column each point we start by
subtracting the intercepts from big
sites like BS - is this will give us the
rise and fall when the subtraction we do
is positive it means its rise when the
subtraction we leave is negative it
means a spot like 1 point 1 2 3 - 1
point 3 2 1 this is of course just the
part I'm not putting the minus VD over
here because the column of file contains
all the videos having - and then we
subtract the inter side from inter side
so 1 point 3 2 1 - 2 point 3 point 1
this is of course also justified and
then enter side - enter side like two
point three point one minus two point
zero 1 this is of course just arise
because the video is just positive part
1 1 0
and lastly the inter side - poor sight
like to point wo one minus one point
three but five this is of course also
just arise here again we are passing
with the Excite so they excite - inter
side way behind our pal like 1.5 - 2 - 2
point 3 level 1 this is of course this
defile here again I'm not putting the
sign up - because the pal column just
contain all the videos having - and
again inter side - inter side with
Vera's r5 like two point three one one
minus two point double for - this is of
course justified on 131 and again enter
side - inter side like two point four
four two minus one point eight at one
will be just of course de rise because
the video is dispositive four five six
one and lastly the inter side - poor sod
will be riser a file like one point
double eight one minus one point nine
one one this is of course just defined
for one one zero here when we have the
rise in father each point in the
calculation of reduce level par are
these remaining points is quite simple
straightforward let's say I need just
the arena point to remember the new are
it must be the old RL minus de path or
it must be the old RL plus the rise like
the RL - de panne will be just of course
then URL like 100 - 1 1 9 8 will be of
course ninety-nine point zero two so
ninety-nine point eight oh two is just
the RL of point two here again the next
point is justified like ninety nine
point eight oh two minus point seven
nine or will be just of course
ninety-nine point O 2 so this is just
the
our Allah point three and again if you
see the next point is just the rise so
the new IRL must be the old RL plus the
rise like ninety nine point one two plus
point one one oh this is of course 99.1
double two and so on do the same for all
these remaining points like ninety nine
point one dollar two plus four four four
six is of course ninety nine point five
six eight and ninety nine point five six
eight minus point seven eight time it is
of course ninety eight point seven seven
nine also this R - 1 1 3 1 is of course
ninety eight point six four eight here
again we have the rise so the old RN
plus the rise will be of course ninety
nine point two oh nine and again we have
the pal so ninety nine point two oh nine
- 1 1 1 0 is of course ninety nine point
four nine nine hey I just spun guarding
the Romar's the CP are the chain point
and this is just the last ready now the
calculation are the solution apprised
part table is done but I'm not sure if
the calculation is okay or not are this
approach we do a little bit check this
is called the calculation check remember
there are always two types of
calculation check for the result table
one of these two chicks must despite the
calculation let me try the past one
check in the password check summation of
X height minus summation of poor side
must be equal to the last iron - the
past I really like summation of big side
remember we have only two big sides to
add on these two guys we get of course
two point six four five minus summation
of four sides four sides are also of
course - so air are these two guys must
be equal to the nostril
last Islands just ninety-nine point or
99 - the past Tyrell is just of course
100 do some meds
we'll get the calculation like in this
palm if you see both sides of the
equation are not the same it means I
should apply the second one check one of
these two checks must satisfy the
calculation let me try the second one in
this calculation check summation arises
minus summation apart must be equal to
the past Tyrell - the last Tyrell
summation arises is just one point 1 1 7
and submission of PAL is just 2.0 and 8
the past are is 100 minus the last
herons 99.99 - cements we'll get the
calculation like in this palm or you can
see of course both sides of the equation
are the same it means the calculation is
okay and this is it so here in this
section we learned how to solve dries
part able to obtain the reduced level of
each point and then we learnt how to
check the calculation if it's okay or
not thank you guys for watching see you
next time I know Salam