hi guys so today I have six watermelons
they all range in in weight between 13
and 16 pounds so we're averaging them
out to about 15 pounds apiece so with
that we'll go ahead and start chopping
them up so first off we're going to
start by sanitizing our stuff that we're
going to use not down in there I've got
a green bag that I'm going to put my
watermelon in and bucket and then I'll
sanitize a knife and a cookie sheet and
once we get everything sanitized I'll be
right back okay so I take my sanitized
cookie sheet and they set my watermelon
on there the reason why we're doing that
instead of a cutting board is so we can
catch any juice that comes out of it as
we're taking the rind off so we'll just
cut it in half here half of it out of
the way take the slice off the end here
then we'll just cut the rind away try
and stay as close to the green part as
you can
trim all that up okay and then we'll
just actually toss the rind and we'll
trim up the other half of it okay and
then once you get the rind off of your
watermelon I've taken my sanitized green
bag and a sanitized pan and then we're
just going to cube this watermelon up
we'll just cube it up you know like one
inch cubes and we'll toss it into our
grain bag in our pot here so I'll go
ahead and finish that up okay as you can
see I've got the watermelon into the pan
and there's some juice left we'll go
ahead and dump all that juice in there
after all that's what we're after and
and now that we've got all the
watermelon in there we're going to go
ahead and use a sanitized potato masher
we're going to mash that all up try and
get as much juice out of it as we can
and then we'll just keep repeating this
process until we have all of our
watermelons in the pot don't know if
this pot is going to be quite big enough
I might have to do two separate batches
but we'll just keep squishing these okay
down and then we'll add another one and
will squish again and again we'll see
how many we get in there okay I'm using
this old fashioned juicer that my mom
had laying around it's got a like a
stand on it then it's got like a cone
shaped colander and wooden peg and you
just kind of put the watermelon in there
then you kind of squish it down and run
this around
it's kind of like an old-fashioned
juicer that they used for caning back in
the day I don't have a juicer but this
seems to be working pretty good so I'll
just continue to finish doing that if
you don't have one of these you can just
use the potato masher or your hands or
whatever you've got and once you're done
as you can see you're just left with a
little bit of Pulp in some seeds and the
juice is down in the bucket ok so I've
got half the watermelons in here that's
about all that's going to fit in my pot
so as you can see there's still some
chunks so I've put it on the stove to
heat it up and kind of finish breaking
breaking down what we can out of there I
still got the pulp in in a bag here so
we can strain it out once we're done so
we're just going to heat this up we're
not going to get it to boiling but we're
going to get it to about a hundred and
sixty-five degrees just to pasteurize it
that way it will kill off anything
that's in it and it'll break down the
fruit a little more so when we get to
temperature I'll be back
okay so we've reached temperature I've
reduced the heat a little bit we're
going to hold it at this temperature for
10 to 15 minutes just to pasteurize it
okay and then to that I'm going to add
three and a half pounds of sugar that
I've already got measured out and we're
going to stir that in for like the last
couple minutes while it's heating just
so it dissolves well and we'll do this
exact same thing in the second batch
will add three and a half pounds so
seven pounds of sugar total that's going
to bring our alcohol content tub okay
now that we've got that sugar mixed in
there real good we will turn the heat
off and we'll let it cool while we
finish processing the other half of the
watermelon hey guys now that you have
your watermelon all processed and
pasteurized
anyone that's new that's new to
winemaking you need to make sure that
everything from this point on is
sanitized they have lots of different
sanitizers on the market there are no
rinse sanitizers I use Star Sam but
there's a one step there's there's many
options out there you can use bleach you
can use boiling water just make sure
everything's sanitized before you let
your wine touch anything else from this
point on so I'll go ahead and sanitize
all the equipment I'm going to use and
I'll be back once I get that done okay
now that you've got your bucket
sanitized and the wine has there the
must that's what it's called now now
that the must has cooled off we're going
to go ahead and tie the bag at the top
just so none of the pulp can get out
and it's still warm by you can see the
steam coming off of it but it's cooled
down enough that we can get it in our
buckets bring my sanitized bucket over
here and switch it over to the bucket
and then we've got our watermelon must
here and we'll just pour it down over
the bag into the bucket and then we will
do the second batch
okay so here it is in the bucket we're
going to take the bag out and let all
the juice strain off of it we'll pick a
sanitized colander stick it under there
sit it down in the colander and we'll
let it sit there and drain off okay so
I've got all my watermelon juice in the
bucket I've let it cool for a couple
hours now and looks like we got about
six and a half gallons there I'm going
to take my sanitized stirrer and I'm
going to mix it real well
this is going to aerate the must which
is good we're going to introduce some
oxygen into it at this point that's good
for the yeast so that's why we're doing
this okay and then to the juice we're
going to add two cans of white grape
juice this is going to add a little bit
of body to it so we're just going to
dump that down in there of course we
have it thought out so we'll open it up
and we'll dump two cans of that down in
there
then we're going to stir it once again
next I'm going to add five teaspoons of
picnic enzyme this is going to help
break down the fruit whatever is still
in the juice so we'll get a nice clear
product at the end so I'm going to add
five teaspoons of that in there next I'm
going to add a teaspoon and a half of
wine tannin this just kind of helps the
body of the line gives us some more
flavor so I'll add a teaspoon and a half
of that
next we're going to add two and a half
tablespoons of acid blend so let's dump
that down in there then two tablespoons
of yeast nutrient now you don't have to
add any of this stuff in this just makes
the line taste better if you don't have
this stuff you don't have to add this
stuff then we're going to add a teaspoon
of potassium metabisulfite this is going
to kill off any wild yeast or anything
that's left in the must at this point
that's why we're not going to pitch the
yeast until tomorrow we're going to wait
24 hours after putting the potassium
metabisulfite man just so it can do its
job and kill off any of the wild yeast
or anything that happens to be in the
must now and we're going to stir it one
more time really good
and then for the next 24 hours we just
cover up with the with the towel that
way the potassium metabisulfite can
evaporate out of there and nothing can
that get in there so we'll go ahead and
leave that for 24 hours and then we'll
come back and pitch our yeast okay guys
it's the next day after we brewed up the
watermelon musk so a couple hours before
you're ready to pitch the yeast you want
to remember and remove that from the
fridge get it to room temperature and
then we will rehydrate the yeast today I
have chosen red star Mohnish a yeast the
reason that I've chosen this one for the
watermelon wine is watermelon is a
really delicate fruit and the moshae
yeast isn't quite as harsh as the
champagne yeast and it'll leave a little
bit more relevant flavor in the wine in
the finished product that's the reason
I've chosen mana chaste but you can use
any kind of yeast so I went ahead and
sanitized a measuring cup and a straw
from the bar I went ahead and sanitize
that I got some room temperature water
we're just going to go ahead and pour
that in there just to rehydrate our
yeast then we'll go ahead and cut the
top of our yeast pack it off with some
sanitized scissors and we'll dump that
down into the water start rehydrating
stir it up a little bit
and then cover it with a clean paper
towel and we will let that sit for about
45 minutes okay now I want to give it a
quick stir just to mix everything back
together from sitting overnight and I'm
going to drop my hide my sanitized
hydrometer in there just so we can get a
reading so we know where we're at looks
like we're at one point zero zero nine
five on the hydrometer which I wanted to
be at ten ninety and we're at ten ninety
five so we're right where we wanted to
be okay so it's been about 45 minutes as
you can see the yeast is rehydrated look
and happy in there so we'll go ahead and
take our cover off of our watermelon why
and we'll go ahead and pitch our yeast
okay so now that we've pitched the yeast
will go ahead and sanitize our bucket
lid and we'll snap that down on up and
sanitize our airlock I've already got a
full of sanitizer and we'll pop that in
and this should start showing signs of
fermentation anywhere between two and
and twenty hours so we'll come back and
check on it this is getting in part one
of this the watermelon wine series I'm
imagining there's going to be probably
three or four parts to this series so
watch for those to come out as the wine
progresses I will post those up for you
guys and thanks for watching
and remember there's always time for a
glass of wine Cheers