how everyone welcome to Nicko's bakery
once again today we're making one of the
classics and my personal favorites we're
making apple crumble but we're going to
do a really simple version so let's get
started so guys the first thing that
we're going to do is get started on our
crumble mix so you want to add in some
plain flour go ahead in some white sugar
and some brown sugar that brown sugar
will give our crumble this beautiful
caramel flavor I just want to put in
just a touch of some cinnamon and of
course we're going to add into some
softened butter now using your hands
make sure they're clean obviously just
grab the mixture and pinch the flour
with the butter okay just get it all
mixed up and then just start pinching
that flour into the butter just like
that and what we want is some fine
breadcrumbs so guys that's what you're
after just this beautiful golden crumbs
just like that right put that aside and
we'll get started on our apples now guys
like I said this is the super super easy
version of a apple crumble and we're
going to cheat a little and use pie
apples okay you can buy these in the
supermarkets already in the tin and
they're really good now if you wanted to
do the old-fashioned way and stir your
apples go for it it's easy all you have
to do is put the apples into a saucepan
with a little bit of water or apple
juice and stir them down until they're
nice and soft but if you don't have the
time go for this so we are going to tart
up our apples somewhat because they are
doing boring but why they are so what I
want you to do is add some nutmeg to
them some more cinnamon
and some more brown sugar and like I
said before that brown sugar on the
apples really give them a nice
caramelization and just give it a good
stir so into a baking tray I'm just
going to pour in our Apple mix and then
of course I'm going to pour over our
crumble mix now guys one thing I hate
when people make Apple crumbles is that
I put it up crumble there's always just
this really thin layer of crumble on the
top
I always make mine just as thick as the
Apple part so it's almost like half and
half okay guys so that now goes into a
preheated oven at 200 degrees and we're
going to pop it in there for 15 to 20
minutes or until that top is just
beautiful and golden brown keep watching
it make sure it doesn't burn and this
bad boy will be awesome there you have
it guys my version my really quick
simple version of the apple crumble so
let's give this a try now course you
would serve this with some ice cream or
sort of custard but just as it is I love
it
mmm that is gorgeous it is so creamy it
really is that butter just melting
through your mouth all the spices the
cinnamon the Nutmeg they're working that
beautiful caramely flavor from the brown
sugar and that nice crunch enos of the
crumble awesome
as always guys the ingredients up below
check it out and give this a try you
take care and I'll see you here next
week on Nikko's bakery