the type of discussion the golfers can
do to expensive plants all around your
house one by one we'll get rid of them
all for you a lot of people try what is
prescribed on the bottle here you find
the golfer hole then you get a long
steel rod and you push down into the
ground it's very hard to push pushing
turn but when it goes you know you've
got the hole then you dump poison in the
hole and hope that they're still using
that hole because the Gophers have
thousands of holes you hope to go for it
I know a lot of people that do this and
it doesn't work I personally always
sleep the simplest method by a plant
then I think the golfers will enjoy and
believe me it's much cheaper and give
them this plan if you keep letting a
meet all your plans gonna make a hole of
it
very carefully I did have an experiment
to show you I planted this plant the
same way this one was I took the poison
in it and as you can see the mound of
dirt
the golfer is eating the plant I didn't
go to him he came to me and he's gonna
eat himself to death and I don't have to
do any work that is how you let go first
get rid of themselves