hello this is olive Aguas and I want to
give you a recipe that's really going to
look after you
this is a raw version of jammu and we're
gonna sweeten it with stevia here which
is actually a leaf that is ground and
dried up and it's a sweetener that
contains no carbohydrates and has
absolutely no sugar content so it is an
amazing sweetener the only thing with
stevia is you don't want to add it to
any fruit because it will make it too
pungent so this is a really great recipe
using stevia to sweeten it and we're
gonna use a cuckoo ma here so when we
open this up you see this bright red
color this turmeric or cuckoo Moz you
want to call it turmeric is fantastic it
is a natural detoxifier for your liver
and kidneys and it helps speed up your
metabolism so we're gonna actually use
around 200 grams of this have a nice bag
of it here and we're gonna add a little
bit of ginger to give it a nice thing
we're going to throw it all in the
blender and not a little bit of study at
the end so I bought a huge bag of this
about 200 grams as I said a Tamera and
I'm just throwing these in here whole
and I'm throwing a good amount of ginger
in here as well I'm chopped down the
center adding 1 liter of water I'm we're
going to add a sticky ending here now
because it's gonna help actually blend
it all up together so we're gonna add
about as much as you like I like to add
about 1/4 of a teaspoon and we're gonna
blend this up until we see a bright
fiery orange
so word to the wise whenever you're
making Jammu or anything with tamarkan
it's make sure you use a glass blender
so it won't stain it we're just gonna
filter now all of these bits to here so
I have a nice mesh says here in a glass
bowl I'm just pouring it straight
through and it has a very fragrant scent
to it nice and pungent so we've just let
this sit for a minute or so and we have
our Jambo here at the bottom then we're
just gonna throw this now away we don't
need this anymore
I want to store this in a glass jar so
that it doesn't actually stain any color
on the plastic on a plastic jar and we
want to be really careful with turmeric
because it really does have a strong
color so make sure you always use glass
or metal with it
so here is our jamu this is an
absolutely amazing tonic for your body
it helps detoxify and speed up your
metabolism it's originally from
Indonesia but now you can actually enjoy
anytime at home