evening to you all
how we doing welcome to another episode
of Adams eats today I'm going to show
you the easiest quickest thus free way
to make Yorkshire puddings yoke sure
puddin's what's the York shatter
Yorkshire that's it
Yorkshire pudding yeah so anyway
Yorkshire puddings yeah great little
things only really I think you probably
all got your own way do things and
understand you know my recipes passed
down to you from family you might a NIC
jamie oliver's I used to be kind of like
no you so have a certain way of doing
them and sometimes they dries sometimes
it wouldnt I'd end up with a pile of
mushy kind of batter you know so mine
weren't always that successful so I got
this way of doing it from my best friend
I've known him since I was 7 years old
went to school together
and he came to see me a few months ago
and I we decided on on the Sunday to
make a roast dinner I was in charge of
the meat and the vegetables here at the
gravy and the Yorkshire puddings and I
tell you what they just weather came out
the oven though little massive huge it
really puffed up they'll crisp golden
and though the best Yorkshire Zhai ever
seen and they just only said that I said
how do you do them and he just showed me
how he made them and it's so so easy
there's no weighing out of flour no
pouring out of exactly millimetres of
milk it's just equal quantities of
everything so if you just pop down here
and I'll show you how to put these
together really simple all right so here
we are this is what we'll need for our
Yorkshire puddings as you see I've got
some eggs for this recipe but you
probably need about four but again it's
equal quantities of everything so it
depends on how big your vessel is I've
got three glasses here for same size
your cops might be a little bit bigger
your glasses might be a little bit
bigger it all depends on what you're
using to put the stuff in and again
we'll oversized glass or vessel it is
will depend on how much batter you get
this size glass it's gonna make probably
about 12 york shares so you know plenty
there for most people i've got some milk
baking powder plain flour a bit of salt
and a mixing bowl so yeah that's it
that's it really that's all we need
and i'll show you how to put it together
okay so the first thing i'm going to do
is put some milk into one glass all the
way to the top so fill your second glass
up with flour and then do the same with
your eggs just crack them in one by one
so that took five eggs might seem like a
lot but trust me this will work okay and
there we have it as you can see we've
got three glasses equally filled with
eggs flour and milk easy as that right
so onto the mixing right so simple
enough really to mix your batter all you
need to do is pop your flour in first
and your eggs and then you just want to
beat the flour and eggs together until
you get a paste alright so after about I
don't know 30 seconds minute of beating
the eggs and flour together you'll have
a paste looks a little bit like that now
I just want to add your milk okay then
just gently whisk that together okay
until you have a lovely liquidy batter
like so and then what we need to do with
this is just cut with cling film leave
it in the fridge for half an hour right
as you can see folks all I've done is
I've taken the batter out of the fridge
after half an hour poured it all into a
jug this just makes for easy to counting
into the baking tray and then I just
seasoned up with about half a teaspoon
of pepper teaspoon of salt and then a
level teaspoon of baking powder
simple as that I said and that will sit
for one side because what we need to do
is you need to heat up the oil in the
oven
I don't have a Yorkshire pudding tray
unbeknownst to me it's just always
thinking I've never bothered to buy I
don't know why I should really pick one
up and I'm so kind of had to fashion my
own and all this is it's just kind of
little catalog pots and they fit into a
sort of normal baking tray it works all
right
you know if that's what I've got but
you'll probably use a normal Yorkshire
pudding tray so yeah what we're going to
do is pop this in the oven heat the oil
up till it's screaming hot and then
we'll pull the batter in so after about
ten minutes the oil should be nice and
screaming hot so you take it out of the
oven and then you pour in your batter
mix into the mould properly you know
sort of about half a centimeter thick
something like that but just use your
eye you know each pans different you
know need to be exact you know what size
Yorkshire pudding do you want and I did
film this bit but I thought I'm I flip
it mic on so that's why I'm not filming
that bit because they're all in the oven
now and they're cooking so afraid I'll
miss that bit yeah you pop them in the
oven turn your oven down to about gasps
mark five or six and you want to cook
those for about sort of twenty to
twenty-five minutes and after that point
this should be nice and golden brown and
puffed up
don't open the door in the mean time
because you will let all the air out if
you made Yorkshire puddings before
you'll know that some cold and roll so
yeah we'll come back in about 25 minutes
and we'll see how they get in on so
these Yorkshire is I've been in there
for about 25 minutes let's get them out
and have a look see how they're getting
on oh yes that's what you're looking for
you can't take these a bit further
getting a bit dark if you want but I
kind of like mine like this and as you
can see nice and gold and brown
massive they are look right so put these
on a wire rack and then you know serve
them with your roast dinner right so
just place them on a wire rack and
they're ready to go nice and light
crispy and looking gorgeous so not with
your roast dinner and I don't think
anyone will be disappointed well there
we have it peeps thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed the recipe please like
share and subscribe down below and give
this recipe a go if you do give it a go
send me a picture of our social media on
Facebook or Twitter and I'll put it up
on the page yeah thanks for watching
guys see you next time