artificial insemination can be very
useful for those dogs for whatever
reason will not mate no matter what you
do and I want to introduce you to the
star of this video here is little Chloe
here is my little stud schnauzer [ __ ]
and she has beautiful litters big
litters actually the figures that if
I've ever had in schnauzers 8 puppies at
a time but she doesn't like mating and
she does particularly doesn't like
mating with little shadow here who's
very handsome and I can't understand why
she doesn't want him but she doesn't and
so that's why we need to help her and
him get it together now we're going to
collect shadow his use of this procedure
first fraction that comes out is clear
and that's a other pre-ejaculate and you
can see the bottom of the test tube it's
fairly clear and then after a little
while good boy shadow stay boy stay you
see it starting to come out a little bit
cloudy now a little bit milky and see a
milky drops falling down at the bottom
of the test tube that's actually the
spoon rich fraction of the semen
and we collect it up into this syringe
like so beautiful it's all in there and
then we put it back in the water bath
which is still at the same temperature I
put a little bit of lubricant on to that
just so it's very easy to get it into
Chloe and you can see it's about that
deep we want to deposit the semen right
at the very end of the vaginal passing
been very very gentle and just sort of
gently twist it see how I'm aiming up
towards the anus there there we go
then we just gradually and slowly
depress the plunger and see the semen
moving its way up the tube and into
Chloe that's all there is to it she's
done now you just pull it out like that
and there's no reason why you as a dog
owner can't just go ahead there and make
puppies happen for you
you