[Music]
hi everyone its Tatyana from Tatiana's
everyday food and welcome back to my
kitchen I'm a huge fan of spinach dip
and I love me some pasta so I thought
why not bring these two together to
create a new recipe today I'll be
sharing with you guys my creamy spinach
artichoke dip chicken pasta skillet and
this recipe is loaded with so much
amazing flavor when I was making this at
home my husband had three servings of it
he absolutely loved it and it hope you
guys enjoy it too I'm going to start
things off with a simple white bechamel
sauce into a small sauce pan I'm going
to add equal parts of butter I have two
tablespoons butter and two tablespoons
of all-purpose flour just going to mix
these two together in my saucepan over
medium heat until that butter melts and
now it's time to start adding our milk
I'm going to add about three cups of
milk today I'm gonna add about half a
cup at a time first and just keep
whisking after each addition until you
don't have any clumps and once you've
added all your milk you just want to
keep whisking and cook the milk for a
few minutes then add in 1 cup of grated
Parmesan cheese I'm heating a large
frying pan over medium heat I'm going to
add a little drizzle of olive oil into
the pan I've chopped to 1 pound of
chicken breast you can also use chicken
thigh for this recipe and I'm going to
drop it into my hot pan and season my
chicken with 1 TSP of salt and I'm going
to fry my chicken until it's nicely
browned all over about 3 to 4 minutes
next I'm going to add in 1 small diced
onions and 5 minced garlic cloves I'm
just going to saute this for a few
minutes until that onion is translucent
next I'm going to add in 1/2 a cup of
chopped marinated artichoke hearts these
are going to add so much flavor to our
dish I have one teaspoon each of dried
rosemary
the right time dried basil and smoked
paprika just going to toss these all
together next I'm going to add in one
cup of chicken broth and one cup of my
favorite white cooking wine then I'm
going to cover my pan with a lid and let
it simmer away for about 20 minutes
allowing that chicken to get fully
cooked and those amazing flavors to
start developing and now I'm ready to
add in my white sauce just pour that all
in and now I'm ready to add in my pasta
I have a half a pound of rotini pasta
and I undercooked it by just a few
minutes because I want to let it finish
cooking in the sauce I'm just going to
drop it all in mmm this sauce is
bubbling away and my pasta dish is
almost ready I just have one more
ingredient to add and that's my spinach
I have about 8 cups of spinach in my
bowl here and I'm going to drop in about
1/2 first just toss it together with the
pasta like to add in that second half
you only need to cook the spinach for
about a minute and my pasta dish is now
all done time to scoop myself a
delicious portion and look at how creamy
this pasta is you have so much sauce
it's just perfectly balanced can't wait
to dig in and enjoy this and that's a
guy so my creamy spinach artichoke dip
chicken pasta time to dig in and enjoy
this going to grab a little bit of that
spinach some pasta and chicken
hmm this pasta dish is killer good if
you're going to try out one new recipe
this week make sure it's this you guys
are going to love the creaminess here
just so rich and creamy from the
bechamel sauce and the Parmesan cheese
I love the juicy tender chicken and it's
a great way to sneak in a little bit
extra nutrition with the wilted spinach
I hope you guys give this recipe a try
and I hope you enjoy it as much as we
have we are loving this new recipe thank
you guys for watching and I'll see you
next time