hi I'm Billy Beck to Third from Billy
Beck the thirdd personal training center
today I'm going to show you how to use
calipers to estimate body fat percentage
with me to demonstrate is super trainer
Brian Francis now there are a lot of
different calipers out there there are
harpenden calipers which are anywhere
from $400 to $500 which are the topof
the line the best stuff you're going to
find in the clinical setting and the
upper level personal training Studios
then there are the very common Lan
calipers which are $2 to $300 in most
cases and most personal trainers use
those ones but if you're going to
estimate your body fat percentage at
home I recommend using something called
an acum measure caliper now this is what
it looks like it's an inexpensive device
it's about 10 bucks and in that 10 bucks
you take one site now I recommend doing
more than one site and when you do the
measurements make sure you use the scci
a scientific approach don't randomly
take measurements here and there make
sure you take it from the same site
under the same conditions because a lot
of people if you do it before or after
workout it's going to be a difference
between before and after in other words
if you do triceps like Brian's showing
right here and you just you just work
them there's more blood in the area so
your your measurement is is going to be
higher post-workout than pre-workout so
always take your measurements before
your workout or at least two hours
afterwards now I'm going to show you
just how to take a single measurement
here we're going to use the tricep
there's formulas for for up to 12
different sites on the body we're just
going to do one taken from the tricep
but this is you want to first know
exactly what we're doing so normally I
would take a measure a measuring tape
and find the exact spot and use that
same spot every time when you take a
measurement you want to make sure that
you pinch and then pull out slightly a
lot of people just randomly grab and
then plop it on it's usually not that
great of an experience for the client or
for the trainer so when you when you do
this pinch pull after you locate the
exact spot hold the calipers
perpendicular to the spot make sure
they're not up make sure they're not
down and once you do it you'll hear the
click and then it'll show your results I
recommend doing three S three
measurements at each site and that was
the best way to estimate your body fat
percentage I'm Billy Beck III and this
has been how to estimate your body fat
percentage using calipers