[Music]
Hey
so did you hear about the new backpack
rules at cosgrove what new rules after
February break we don't need to keep
them in our locker anymore we can take
our backpacks anywhere we need it to in
the school including the classroom oh
really
yeah but we'll need to follow a few
rules to make sure everyone has a safe
organized and productive learning
environment so what does a safe
organized and productive learning
environment look like anyway well take a
look at these students their learning
materials are neat and organized and
they are prepared and ready to start
class I get it so if we can carry
backpacks then what needs to stay in our
lockers things like shoes jackets gym
clothes foods bathing suits and towels
anything you don't need for class what
do our teachers want our backpacks to
look like and why it's important to have
an organized backpack there's enough
space and packets inside for everything
we need to learn including our laptop
that makes sense
then what's your backpack not look like
wow take a look at this one so what is
wrong with this backpack that we're
looking at there shouldn't be any food
or garbage in the backpack it is too
stuffed and difficult to close it's very
disorganized it is too big to be
carrying from
to class I agree oMG what a mess that
backpack is way too big and has food
drinks and a bunch of unorganized
folders inside right after a little time
and organization it looks like this
everything is organized and the backpack
itself is much smaller
why can't backpacks be too big backpacks
constrain muscles and joints and may
cause back pain if they're too heavy or
used incorrectly a backpack should weigh
no more than 10% of your body weight
we'll also want to put the straps over
both shoulders like this trust me neck
and back pain aren't no fun of course
so if backpacks can go in the classroom
where should we store them well you
don't want them in the middle of the
floor where someone can get hurt
where shouldn't we put the backpacks in
the classroom oh I know right we'll want
to keep them here on the back of our
chairs or here or wherever our teacher
tells us to I think I've got it after
February break can you take our
backpacks in school we'll keep our
backpack and an appropriate size we'll
make sure to keep it neat and organized
and we'll keep our laptop and learning
materials like folders inside no food or
other garbage right and in the hallways
be mindful of your own and other
students backpacks ok bye hey where are
you going I'm off to reorganize my
backpack
[Music]