uh yeah mom a good dish washer I just
came out of my room and looked in the
kitchen and there's foam all over the
floor
you said put greenworks in there oh
well I thought you said green water and
I didn't notice this green bottle here
guy no I could not yeah it's still
forming as we speak it's like foaming
how do i shut it off how about just
press the off button
well it's only like a little stream of
foam going around but now it's actually
from a lot so I'm turning off all right
I wonder what will happen if I open it
oh it is completely filled foam I didn't
know man I didn't you know you couldn't
put dish soap in a dishwasher now
there's no dishes why why can't it is
but there there's no dishes for lunch
and stuff like starving in it there's
noodles but there's no pots or plates or
dishes or anything so how many how am I
supposed to like so we'll get everything
out of there and rinse it so just wait
till the phone goes out
all right the foam is everywhere okay
bye why I what has happened what the
heck bad what the heck dang it there's
no food well there's no dishes to make
boot wait hold up hold up there any pots
and pans this boy's or what alright
there's some pot so you move needles but
the old latest plates but still I gotta
clean that up looks easy but waste your
talk to it they don't have a dog anyway
I like it's obviously easy but no
in here fizzling boo boo both Baba man
bubble up i can summon bubbles at my
fingertips oh I'm gonna make such a mess
with this fire fire fire fire fire fire
fire actually this is a plus cuz i'm
watching for me just like no that's
major fun right there it's like
processed for how gonna leak to the
bottom that's so freakin weird seriously
how blow my kisses that's not my kisses
[ __ ] I can't pick it up there oh so this
is what happens when a mother leaves her
child alone with nobody else got it
trying to reform it
oh there bubbles bubble what do you have
to say for Elvis Bobo said a fire fire
fire take it take it take it take it
take it take it dang it man all that I
have to clean it my hands off for me