[Applause]
you gotta ask yourself your chisels cut
like this on a nasty piece of end grain
gary-oke Oh like it's not hey guys
welcome to the first episode of the
samurai carpenter today I'm gonna teach
you guys how to get your chisels and
Plains crazy sharp in just a couple of
minutes by hand with a few water stones
alright first off the equipment
I have three stones and a diamond plate
1000 grit Shapton water stone 5000 grit
shaft in water stone and a 12 thousand
grit shaft in water stone I keep them
all deadly flat with this a Toma diamond
plate 140 grit
super aggressive flattens your stones
super quick helps you take any Nick's or
chips out of your blades really quickly
so that you can move on to the
sharpening steps that really bring out
the Polish the nice thing about water
stones that all you need is water the
lubrication no oil no messy cleanup just
water that's it all right so I start
with the 1000 grit first I'll just touch
up the bottom the aura side of the blade
is the Japanese call it you don't want
to get too crazy with this once your
bottoms flat that's all you need then
the bevel it's very important to have a
perfectly flat bevel so that when you're
cutting the wood you can always have a
good contact and you know exactly where
your blade is if your bevels around you
don't have to be rocking up and down to
really get an even cut so when I hold
the blade in order to keep the bevel
deadly flat I hold the chisel
perpendicular to the stone or on a bit
of an angle so that your bevel is longer
and easier to keep flat on the stone
when I grip the blade I pinch the blade
on either side wrap my fingers around
just to support a little bit I don't
touch or hold on the handle at all
because you want all your pressure right
on that bevel you don't want to rock the
chisel up and down while you're moving
back and forth you want to keep it
deadly flat the fastest way to remove
material is to move in a figure 8
pattern when you move in one direction
the stone cuts
grooves in that direction and then when
you change that direction the stone cuts
across those grooves and removes the
material faster than just continually
moving in one direction and trying to
cut the same grooves deeper and deeper
you'll move remove more material if you
move in a figure eight pattern cuts down
on your sharpening time when you look at
the blade it should be an even kind of
smoky silver color right across the
whole bevel you can tell if your bevels
not flat because you won't have an even
pattern or color on that bevel and you
want that to go right up to the very
cutting edge once you've got flat bevel
on a flat bottom side of your chisel you
basically repeat the same steps on the
five thousand grit and then the twelve
thousand grit I had the clean of the
stone the better it's gonna cut so make
sure you always keep your stones nice
and wet and every couple of minutes or
so you want to make sure your strolling
stays deadly flat so put the diamond
plate on it and you'll see on the edge
here it's cutting and it's still a
little bit of metal in the stone which
means it's really slight concave so you
just want to keep flattening that stone
until it's got an even color all the way
across
all right there you go deadly flat
there you have it so sharp you can see
your face in it no expensive machines
required these stones are super
affordable anywhere from fifty to eighty
dollars depending on the grid of the
stone the diamond plate is probably the
most expensive it's about a hundred
bucks you can get them on Lee Valley
tools here in Canada or you can find
them on eBay as well I Tomo diamond
plates eighty OMA and you can even shave
with it alright your bonus tip for this
week is block planes Jack planes
whatever you got you got an old beat-up
plane and you want to give it some love
when you're sharpening your blade your
blades only gonna cut really well in a
plane that's the soul of your plane is
deadly flat so while you're sharpening
your plane blades throw the plane body
on the stone at the same time and that
will ensure that you have a nice flat
cutting surface and you get the best
possible result you guys know if you
like this video if you think it helps
you dial up your awesome just a little
bit please do me a favor and hit the
like button it really helps me out and
yeah if you want to check out more go to
the samurai carpenter com if you didn't
like this video well you're probably not
watching anymore so yeah until next week