hey what's up guys today I got a five
dollar yo-yo I got at a department store
we have here America called Target and
let's check it out
Duncan yo-yo with ball bearings $5 this
is the butterfly XT I don't even know
what this is
I guess XT might mean extra tricks maybe
you can do all the tricks you can do on
a regular Duncan butterfly plus extras I
butterflies read he's got razor wings oh
man it's pretty cool look today's
hardcourt oh yeah yeah well that's
pretty cool ah any time I see you yo-yo
in a like a regular you know department
store like toy store I always just buy
you've no matter what it is so yeah I
think it'd kinda be cool to check this
thing out and here's all that I like how
they have that right on there you need
to got the weight the diameter the
response to top starburst response Oh No
who knows it might be really good though
let's let's try it out I bristles is
open her up it's got this like child
safety proof packaging I hate because
it's like I always caught myself well I
like you you know how the plastic after
I cut it not so much um childproof
because you know it's a yo-yo kind of
want kids to get in there it's more anti
stuff yeah yeah good monster stuff yeah
but if you're stealing five dollars
richer
you're a jerk yeah come on open that
like a boss though I have a hard time
tasting it's hardcore it intimidated me
I had to bring my a-game huh
you know when I was a kid I was open to
package like that and I cut my finger
and had to get stitches just on this
plastic stuff huh
why not I arch-nemesis all right is
there like what is this as you can do it
convert your throat string performer
extra wide gap mm Fergie's and string
tricks alright so first let's open her
up I like I like caps on this thing are
kind of like flat they're not like
regular ducking caps thick like cutbacks
or whatever yeah this is like nice and
flavor feel it oh cool kind of neat
let's take it apart to see what they
mean how you can make it extra wide
looking at this so it looks like so they
sell these spacers for it oh it doesn't
cover though it doesn't I don't think so
no oh that's lame maybe that's why I was
only $5 but for a $5 yo-yo it might
still be good I mean I'm not gonna
compare this to you know any like
competition level yo-yo even says right
here for intermediate play this would be
like you know after you learned a couple
basic tricks oh wait hold up this thing
opened up the whole time I don't even
know we get that but uh but yeah well
let's go outside where we got some bad
lighting and let's let's see what we can
do a design boy comfortable man little
slim but you know no big guilty men's
good it's got a little vibe but overall
it spins pretty nice it's going pretty
fast there comes back up with a tug I
bet you if it's spinning slow it's not
going to come back up as easy if you get
a nice you know you got a nice fast
throw oh man we got one you could hear
it on the string that starburst as soon
as that makes contact with the string it
slows down the yo-yo tremendously so if
you advance string tricks you're not
going to be able to do much more
advanced than something like you know
like a boingy-boing or you know some man
on the flying trapeze
so yeh this is only going to be for your
more intermediate string tricks you know
before you got to either get the mod
spacer you know or upgrade to something
a little better
Oh what for basic string tricks you know
it works you can do all your basic
beginner tricks Oh to be you know good
$5 option you know for one of your first
yo-yos but I can see your skill level
out growing this yo-yo quite quite fast
just because it's a Duncan yo-yo I'm
gonna put a counterweight on here and
see if I can if it can handle any 5a
because what's a Duncan review without a
little 5a I guess all right guys it's
all torn up let's give it a check yeah
it feels a little light for you know for
5a you can learn your basics on it and
stuff but just like I was saying as a 1a
yo-yo
you're probably gonna outgrow it pretty
quick what I mean for the most part you
can still do your basic you know tricks
up but anyways for a five-dollar yo-yo
not bad but I don't know not the
greatest thing in the world either I
would check out the Duncan freehand Pro
if you really wanted to get a Duncan
yo-yo otherwise are really good beginner
here is the magic of your k7 so those
are some options stay in school
I'll see you later