this is our sofa and I will give you
that it is navy eight or nine years old
and as you can see this side is
different than the other if we pull this
up this side is perfectly flat there's
no problems with this side whatsoever
however this side you can see there's a
bulge like there's something that isn't
being held there and sitting on it it
depresses down as much as you get us up
this one is nice and solid something in
here is broken
I've looked at repair options and they
were prohibitively expensive and this is
a good sofa and so we're going to
attempt to repair it ourselves so I've
flipped the sofa over I did learn that
you should do this from the bottom
there's ribs rib one there rib here
we're up here and they're all rock-solid
so I'm going to remove this black felt
paper off the bottom and hopefully I
will be able to see something of value
underneath there all right so the good
news is I figured out what's wrong look
at the screen right you see this wire
it's intact all of these pieces are
intact up to here where it breaks and at
the end here attached to the front of
the frame is a an S that attaches to
there these are all good when you get
over on the left side that one's good
you see this one is broken this one
should be attached right there and this
wire is broken here so we have one two
three
of those are broken now I did see
something on the internet about how to
redo this wire system it's a method and
I liked it but I'm also would like to
know if there's any way I could redo
this so it's off to the home depot and
repair place to see what I can't maybe
figure out how to fix this myself well I
hit the jackpot
I decided to drive to a furniture
restoration company in a neighboring
town as opposed to Home Depot and he was
kind enough to give me that zigzag
spring the clips for this exact string
to the frame believe they go like this
and the clips to hook these on to the
adjoining Springs he gave me all this
and some twine he explained to me that
the horizontal pieces are not really
that important they're not load-bearing
or anything they just meant to keep it
sort of stiff it you know so they don't
slide left and right anyway give me all
that stuff for ten bucks
so now just pray that I can figure out
how to actually get all this stuff to
the right tension and the right length
and we're going to be golden alright
we're ready to give this thing a shot so
these were nailed in that is the biggest
concern I have as to whether those nails
will hold it's not the exact same
fastener as the original and they're
actually going to be being pulled out so
I'm hoping that those nails are pretty
awesome these were cut off with the
Dremel and the clips they gave me to tie
on were probably acceptable for
something but they weren't really
sufficient so if you look ended up tying
them for $5.00 at Home Depot I purchased
rebar tie so this stuff is built to hold
rebar together looped it around pulled
this plate this was the hardest part so
you pull these tight and pull one up one
down and clasp them together I was going
to wait for my wife but I decided I
would figure out how to do it on my own
so now flip it over and see what happens
so the last step is simply reattaching
this felt whose sole purpose is just to
keep it clear last couple of staples
when we're done I have tested it and it
felt new you're like new let's see if
you recall there was a big hump over
here and actually feels really good now
and when you sit on it it is no worse
than what it was what the other side is
it is AHA there are nice so for the
first time in like six months
we've sofa that I'm not embarrassed to
have my friends sit on