scrap it yeah that's the reaction they
will be on a lot that is their reaction
to that it's totally normal and that's
just how they react to it they will just
yawn and yawn yeah but I don't need a
scruff mine because I he's just a baby
and he's used to this so okay so they
usually produce a lot of this reddish
mucus in their ears so make sure you do
not push it down you only clean the
outer ear or you can Kanye cause an ear
infection if you push it down too much
so what you're going to need to do is
take your ferret scrub them or whatever
you need to do and just clean their ears
out do that outer edge first look for
any dirt or pus or anything is unusual
and see it's dirty so I would use a new
one and that's really all there is to it
they don't need it clean that much and
he kind of enjoys it when I don't go too
deep so dirty I probably want you to use
all of these cuz i recently cleaned his
ears so I was just doing a demonstration
that's good so now we're going to put
them over to the other time we're going
to clean this ear right up top here it's
like this and just just hold his head up
just here so I get those creases and
make sure that everything looks good and
it pretty much does I'm just cleaning
the creases right now
pushing all the dirt and crap up and
then the ears will stay nice and healthy
so you don't have to do this about once
a month and you also have to brush your
teeth there is like no special solution
you can feed them like raw steaks and
stuff to clean their to clean their
teeth with and chicken necks are the
best because they got a lot of burnt in
them I'm chew on and then can also take
a baby toothbrush and with no toothpaste
and just kind of brush around there cuz
getting them clean at the vet costs a
lot of money so I just do him here and i
will make a video on that as soon as i
get my baby toothbrush supposed to be
getting it in a couple of days he just
fell asleep while I'm doing this that's
why I love him he doesn't really care
kind of enjoys it so I'm just gonna
finish up here and then already clipped
his nails but I want to give you some
tips on that okay I already clipped his
nails you can see the tips are missing
um they've got this red vein and if you
cut it it could really really hurt them
and it's like they're vain they can
possibly die yeah there's like a red
vein you see it I don't the camera yeah
it's like right there and so when you
need to like cut their nails your stuff
if they're really thing you can like put
a liquid tree on their belly and they
will just click that and it really
doesn't matter what else you do them or
if they sleep like it they're in and one
of them coma sleep that's perfect or you
know you can scrub them which is absent
or my reaction and it's also very good
to look at their teeth and see how their
teeth are doing because um you know you
need to make sure if they're staying
nice and pink and all that that's what's
perfect about it is that gonna yawn me
see his gums are nice and pink and yeah
that's how you
I know if their gums need to be you know
go to doctor stuff and to happen like a
runny nose they really need to go to the
bit my has already knows and I'm seconds
of that soon but I've cancer so everyone
pray for him please I'm thank you thank
you so much for watching this video
you're all enjoying if you want to see
more great videos and care for them and
if you want to see a real i'm brushing
your teeth please comment below and tell
me if you wanna see that thank you d x
height x 2 x