so your window binds or rolls up and
down really slow I'm Brian ESSEC from
how to automotive I'm going to show you
how to fix that jamming window and what
products to use when you're doing that
so one of the best products to use to
fix jamming windows and also to prevent
them from jamming is a silicone spray
and I use that brand called Blaster
silicone spray so what you're going to
do is you're going to take your silicone
spray install a straw onto the tip roll
your window down
and you're going to start at the top at
the channels and you're just going to
spray a thin layer like this and let
gravity do the work and you can go on
both sides of the channel and this will
lubricate the the felt tracks that are
in there and then once you get it
sprayed in there then you're going to
work the door the window up and down
several times and apply if it needs more
and as you can see it's already going up
and down a lot faster now so you can use
this spray as in the preventive
maintenance or also to actually fix a
issue i'm brian essa from how to
automotive and that's how you fix a
binding window on your car by using
silicone spray I use the blaster brand I
won't be linking this up in the
description of the video if you guys
need to pick that up and I like thank
you again for watching my videos