hey guys this is just a quick video
about a good way to clean your keyboard
if you look at my Mac Pro keyboard here
you can see that it's gotten some dust
and stuff just oils from the hands and
stuff like that and you want to get that
off every now and then or it makes
people are kind of uncomfortable to use
really cool way to do that is just kids
isopropyl alcohol in this case I have
91% 71% works to rubbing oil and rubbing
oil rubbing alcohol is basically the
same thing then the other thing you
would want is just to get a cloth in
this case I have a old ShamWow cloth so
what you want to do is and you don't
need a lot do this the right way
just take your cloth and just barely dip
the end to it you don't want to get too
much on to it especially if it's a
really absorbent cloth because you don't
want to be getting alcohol and stuff
down in into these like little small
places like that work and fit
electronics so if you put a little too
much if you put a little too much just
damp it out a bit so once it's then I
like this Reagle this so oh this is good
okay so as you're rubbing this on here
you'll see the oil not the oil the
rubbing alcohol and then just watch it
evaporate right so it evaporates really
quick so it makes it really easy to
clean with so that's all you have to do
so once it gets a little dry just add a
little more right a little more sorry
about the bad lighting I don't have good
lighting in my recording setup yet the
idea is I'm just going to do this over
the entire keyboard
once it is completely clean I will show
you the I'll end the video with a clean
keyboard okay I forgot that there was a
couple extra things to do here when
you're doing keep the keys like so the
metal part here is actually all finished
now except for the spaces in between the
keys so what I wanna do is first tip
your laptop probably like on its side
because the idea is that as we're
cleaning this we want we don't want to
have any liquid go into the keys so and
you can actually probably see how dirty
the keys are now and that's so you just
want to I would recommend go around the
base of the keys first get all of the
little metal areas first and
occasionally turn your laptop on by
accident anyway you just want to go
through get all the little metal areas
and then attack the keys themselves and
then once you clean a few keys feel you
know let them dry and then feel how they
are on your fingers and make sure that
it's there's no spots and that it's as
clean as you want it to beeps so you
want to hit just hit the keys and then
you can just wait for spots to clear and
then you know like this the - - keys
still a little dirty
alright just do that until everything is
clean and it feels good on the on the
hand again okay now this time when I'm
done I'll come back with the finished
keyboard alright here we are with the
clean keyboard and it feels so much
better especially in here he's a feel
way new
it only takes a few minutes so it's
definitely if your fingers are feeling
sticky and icky on the keyboard
go wash your hands which I'm gonna go
wash my hands again now and then just
take a rag I you could probably use
paper towels but I wouldn't recommend it
I would get a washcloth or a some kind
of sturdy fabric linen or something like
that to use because you you want to
really like get in there and kind of
scrub each each key anyway I hope this
helps if you liked the video give it a
like if you want to see more videos like
this go ahead and subscribe alright
thanks a lot bye