hi this is Caitlin with sojourner bags
and today we are going to show you how
to adjust the strap on our fanny pack
and also how to cut off all this excess
so it doesn't fray and ruin your day or
night so if that's something you want to
learn how to do you're on the right
place stick around here are the things
you're going to need it to shorten your
fanny pack strap first you're going to
need your sojourner fanny pack this one
is in our design called starry night I'm
going to link it down below in the
description box so you know where to get
yours if you don't have it already
next you're going to need a good sharp
pair of scissors these are my trusty
kitchen shears have never failed me yet
hope they don't today next you're going
to need fire I'm going to use one of
these long lighters to make sure my
hands are safe you can use a candle or
some other lighter just keep your hands
safe this last step is optional and it's
to ensure that the strap has a nice even
line when you get done cutting it and
earning it you can use any silicone or
Teflon surface to hold it against in the
end when it's still warm I have one of
my SIL Pat's from baking against a
cookie sheet that I know it can
withstand a high heat so I'm going to
try using this one today first up I'm
going to teach you how to shorten or
lengthen the strap on your sojourner
bags some people like to wear the fanny
pack around their natural waist some
people like to wear it around their hips
I'm going to show you both ways so you
can make it smaller or larger based on
your preferences now we make our straps
real long I don't even have it as long
as it will go we range from 15 inches to
42 inches when it's completely at its
full length so there is a short end of
the strap
this doesn't change this is constant and
then there's this long end that is our
nylon strap with your basic buckle and
how we feed it through and keep it from
slipping around
now if you've ever dealt with one of
these and trying to shorten or lengthen
a bag it's a pain but stick with me
well we'll show you how so like I said I
have it already to the almost full
length and I'm going to show you how to
make it shorter first so you want to
thank this back part of the strap
there's this front and then there's the
back the front part is the little tail
that we're going to cut off later so I'm
going to make this smaller so I want to
make this part shorter so I'm going to
start feeding that through the hoops to
make it shorter now you have to do this
in little increments pulling down the
strap feed a little bit more through
tighten it up feeding in the back
tightening the tail down moving the
plastic pieces closer together and I
just keep going keep trying it on myself
to see if it's where I want it to cut it
off now to make the strap longer we're
going to use the same method but now our
tail the front part we want that shorter
so we need more of the back part so
we're going to feed the tail through
pull it down pull it down pull the
plastic pieces together and keep going
until we have our desired length okay
we're back I've already adjusted my
fanny-pack to fit around a low-slung on
my hips just for reference I'm a US size
four and this is about how much excess I
have I know you probably don't want that
hanging around at your music festival so
I'm going to now show you how to cut
this off and keep it from fraying at the
ends so I'm going to take my pair of
kitchen shears I'm still going to leave
a little bit of grooving room left so
the plastic parts are here and I'm going
to go right about there I'm going to try
to cut as straight as possible so I'm
going to hold my fingers like I'm
cutting hair right under where I'm going
to cut it and use my fingers as a guide
I only get one take of this so I better
not mess it up
I did it so I actually cut it pretty
darn straight pretty proud of myself
with that but it these are nylon straps
all of our sharps are made out of nylon
so there will be some frame if I leave
it untreated now there are different
ways to do this you can use a no fray
there's an actual product called no fray
at the sewing supply store but that's
not as fun as fire so I'm going to take
it and because all of our straps are
black I'm not going to worry about
singeing or burning if it was a
different color I would maybe use the no
fray but once again fire so all I'm
going to do is I'm going to hold it
again like I was cutting hair I'm just
going to have my fingers down a little
bit lower turn it sideways because heat
goes up and go back and forth moving
quickly so no particular spot gets too
burned and it's starting to bubble
slightly so now I know that that edge
has now the edges are starting to bubble
slightly so I now know that it is
completely sealed off and when you feel
it it will feel like hard plastic it's
not even too hot I can touch it just a
couple seconds after having my flame to
it now like I said in the intro you can
push this against a silk pad or silicone
or Teflon to make sure it's really even
but it looks pretty good as is so I'm
not going to worry about it I hope you
all liked this video if you did please
give us a thumbs up if you have any
question
or ideas for DIYs we can do on our
Channel please leave them in the
comments down below don't forget to
subscribe to sojourner bags so you can
see all of our other future videos we're
also going to link our social media our
website and our amazon links down in the
description box so if you're curious
check those out as well we'll see you
next time it's our weekend so we're
going to go enjoy a drink