but yet it's abandon a John resolve or
talk to you
[Music]
now brothers and sisters I want to step
up my dessert game because there's loads
of amazing desserts that are served on
the street or great classics from
different countries but I'm like it's
not my forte and I'm just kind of never
fear food busker I am here oh babe
listen I want to do these bayonets
it's a beignet John it's a beignet right
Matthew Bailey basically it's a doughnut
batter isn't it
basically it comes from like French
heritage was also made very famous in
New Orleans Cafe Du Monde you have a bit
of coffee they are absolutely amazing
and so we're gonna crack on now I'm
gonna let you get with the egg and I'm
gonna do the rest amazing
right so we're gonna start with the wet
ingredients I've got some whole milk
here which I'm gonna add in you want it
to be full fat don't skimp on this then
a little bit of warm water it's gonna
help activate our yeast we go with that
veg oil very important pull that guy in
and then we're gonna start adding our
dry right there yeah it's a little bit
sugar we're gonna have about 55 grams of
sugar into this mixer shake it in and
then finally the yeast yep the important
thing to get right well done on the egg
did a great job
Congrats right find some salt just a
pinch it's important to play an
important role
[Music]
so how we did on the flower here John
what do you think I'm gonna test you do
you think we need more well chef what
we're looking for is a batter and so
it's about 500 grams of plain flour that
we need adding here to the batter slow
clap for John right so I've got a little
tip for you are you mixing this a lot of
people ask what kind of consistency they
want that dough to be in a sinner to
have bread so you want when you make
your break you know so what we're gonna
do its moist but it's surrounded a bit
like you basically so we're gonna let
this prove for an hour then a yeast
activated notch what's an ax making this
ice cold weather buff we'll come back
roll it out boom done that's that bad
for you done actually I made my battery
earlier because I don't quite trust the
quantities right so let's lift this it
off now you should see your dough's
doubling silence with supreme touch and
now I'm putting my faith in you John
right what have we got to do next right
chef okay so we've got to lightly dust
the work surface we've got to turn out
the battle rolling down Center lean down
and fry the living daylights out of it
[Music]
now when you've turned it out you can
feel that it's really light and super
fluffy and that means that it's got that
air in there so when it hits the oil
it's gonna expand so a little bit of
flour onto your rolling pin and slowly
roll it out
[Music]
it's a little topless tip while John
works ours if it is sticky on top just
throw some more flour on it now your
hands flour everything it just stops it
from sticking don't worry about adding
too much okay now they are traditionally
square on this yes exactly
okay no bit cold go ask how do you like
the new the new setup any crazies that
come fast or you isn't there's quite a
few interesting people come by but and
it's like we do have regulars that come
really yeah every every so every so
often they come down they swing by then
yesterday so yeah right right Mattie
baby these bad boys are ready to fry
they look very good we're gonna do a
little test though because we don't want
to damage any of our beautiful ones so
we're gonna throw a little test apiece
in but I'm gonna give that to you
because there's no way this is going
near hot oil
[Music]
good job look you've done a great job
frying I'm completely protected so now
we need to go for the icing sugar now
the key here is more icing sugar than
you imagine so put some on and then go I
need to add some you want to take what's
amazing about it is when it goes on hot
it's almost like it glazes and it's just
oh that's it that's the word all right
here we go
[Music]
Oh it's quite enough sugar it's just so
good and then just come and have a look
at
[Music]
Google coffee hmm all night long
easy to do and then just like with the
boys oh good right amazing how much for
for four quid
all right let's take them out to the
streets and see what people will find oh
go that's the streets yeah I can't
this golden office isn't here outside
now chef come on right so we've got our
first two guests all right boys how are
you I'm good good good so do you wrench
Italian Thai yeah right okay so I get
involved get involved
we actually am questioning my sanity
right now given the temperature by
freezing can I borrow your coat I've
never seen nipples so fun yeah shocking
right now
enough of this praval I take this what
do you think tell us what did it taste
like
a little bit booing that's right but
even see you in the very front not very
good but Christian yeah what would you
paint before
[Music]
okay right cooing boys grab a seat grab
a seat okay there we go
I'm the food busker this is the topless
Bay cabin so we've got YouTube channels
and basically these are a New Orleans
downer called a venue a did it right and
they're supposed to be dredged in icing
sugar yeah the ice you two skis nice
tasty whopping question let's go do go
free chef right so for for how long
should you pay how much efficient like
in the mini version
full power full power
okay fun enjoy carry on boys okay we're
talking about the donut now no thanks
thing yeah what do you or did you pay
for for
[Music]
find it
well excuse me for 150 people one
[Music]
okay yeah London prices without changing
right also you've got to think of the
naked tax
requital for quick this is in progress
more quick crib that's a winter wind
shares here we go now Joe how did you
find your first boob bush amazing I won
one it was close but we pulled it back
at the end yeah 32 she saved us
she really did now exactly how old are
you I'm gonna go check myself into a
store