hi everyone today I'm going to show you
guys how to make two different types of
modeling chocolate
using two different types of chocolate
to get started I have 24 ounce blocks of
both milk chocolate and white chocolate
I'm going to start with my white
chocolate and I'm going to chop it up
really finely until I have one in 1/3
cups of chopped chocolate you can also
use white candy melts or colored candy
melts in place of the white chocolate
once the chocolate is on chopped and I
have one in 1/3 cups I'm going to place
it into a microwave-safe bowl and I'm
going to microwave it for a minute and
thirty seconds or even up to two minutes
depending on how long it takes to melt
but we're gonna do this in thirty-second
increments meanwhile in a small bowl I'm
going to add four tablespoons of corn
syrup and one tablespoon of water and
I'm going to combine those and warm them
up in the microwave for about ten
seconds now that the white chocolate is
completely melted I'm going to add in
the mixture that we made with corn syrup
and water I'm going to add that slowly
in there and then I'm going to mix
slowly so basically folding you don't
want to stir too hard because then it's
gonna turn into a clumpy mess
after quite a few stir as you'll see
that it becomes thicker and it starts
coming together and forms kind of like a
dough once you feel it coming together
and separating from the sides of the
bowl you want to stop then you want to
grab some plastic wrap and pour the
chocolate in the center wrap the plastic
wrap over the modeling chocolate and
flatten it out so that there's a nice
flat even layer this is just going to
help the modeling chocolate cool faster
and evenly you want to refrigerate this
for about two hours or if you're in a
rush you can freeze it for about 20
minutes now moving on to the milk
chocolate bar I'm going to do the same
thing I'm going to chop it up finely
until I have one in 1/3 cups of chopped
chocolate please note that I have tried
this with chocolate chips and certain
brands of chocolate depending on their
fat content will not work with this
recipe
once the chocolates all chopped I'm
going to place it into a microwave-safe
Bowl and microwave it for the same
amount of time in thirty-second
increments
now this is where the step differs a
little bit we're only going to add in 3
tablespoons of corn syrup no water and
we're going to warm it up for 15 seconds
so now that the chocolate is completely
melted we're going to do the same thing
we're going to add in the warmed up corn
syrup and we're going to just fold it in
stir it gently you don't want to
overwork it because then it's gonna
become a tough mess it's the same
process here you'll notice that it comes
together and starts forming a little
dough and when you see it come together
that's when you want to stop then I'm
gonna do the same thing put this in some
plastic wrap wrap it up and flatten it
out refrigerate this for an hour or if
you want to use it right away freeze it
for 10 minutes after the chocolate has
set you want to remove it from the
plastic wrap if it's too hard you want
to microwave it for about 10 seconds or
more if it's too hard and then just
continue kneading it and if you feel
that it's too dry add some vegetable
shortening to it and continue kneading
it and that will soften it up a bit
you'll notice the texture of it is a bit
firmer than fondant and it's actually a
great alternative for fondant and it
dries up rock-hard so it's great for
making sculptures now the white
chocolate takes a little longer to set
up but if you take it out of the plastic
wrap and it's a little hard you want to
do the same thing and stick it in the
microwave for 10 seconds mines was
actually perfect so I didn't have to
microwave it I'm just going to start
kneading it until it gets softer and
more manageable
so after it's been needed you'll notice
that it's kind of like the consistency
of fondant it's a little firmer not as
firm as the chocolate one I actually
like working with the white chocolate
one better because the milk chocolate
one is trickier to work with this one's
easier it's just like fondant but it
dries up to hold its shape so it's so
much better so as you can see we've made
two different types of modeling
chocolates using two different types of
chocolate my favorite is the white
chocolate modeling chocolate and I would
recommend that if you're starting off
it's much easier to work with and it's a
great alternative for fondant and it's
great for creating sculptures or
anything that you want to dry and hold
its shape thank you guys so much for
watching and stay tuned I will be
putting up a video on how to put this
modeling chocolate to use
you
you