hey guys it's Kieran from thrifted
living thank you so much for tuning in
to my Channel today I am so excited
because I'm going to be sharing with you
DIY tutorial number three so if you're
new to my channel welcome thank you so
much for stopping by don't forget to
click subscribe so you can see videos
just like this one if you haven't yet
seen part 1 and two of my DIY series I
will link those above so you can check
those out today I would like to share
with you a DIY dog collar that looks
like a button-down shirt with a bow tie
it is seriously so cute if you have
followed my channel for a while you know
that we recently rescued a puppy and his
name is Finn and he's absolutely
adorable so Easter was our first holiday
celebrated with our little pup and so I
wanted to do something to make him look
super cute for Easter dinner I had
recently gone to the store and I saw
really cute little bow ties for dogs and
I have recently done a DIY bow tutorial
and I was so inspired I was like you
know what I really think that I could do
something for Finley with this so I put
on my thinking cap like I tell my kids
all the time I put on my thinking cap
and I was able to figure out something
really really cute to do for him so what
I did for this project was I took a
button- down shirt and I cut off the
collar and then I made a little bow and
hot glued it onto the collar as a cute
little collared shirt with a bow tie for
a dog it looks so adorable so I'm so
excited to share this DIY tutorial with
you let me show you how I made this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
thank
[Music]
you you look so
handsome look at how handsome you
look a
[Music]
seriously it was that easy I had so much
fun making this project I think that
this would be a great beginner's product
for anyone it was really easy it was not
timec consuming and I got the stuff that
I needed for it at a thrift store which
is even better in my book here's the
collar that I made up close it's this
really pretty like Periwinkle color and
I have this yellow bow on it and I think
it turned out really nice so this is the
bow and shirt that Finley wore for
Easter if you would like to see Finley
in this collar and bow you can follow me
on Instagram at thrifted living and I
posted a super cute picture of him
wearing this he looked so cute for
Easter I'm so excited to share this
video with you one because I love to
share the DIY tutorial videos but two
this video is also a call for
collaborators a few months ago I made a
group on Facebook called creative
collabs I will insert a picture here so
you guys can see what the Facebook group
looks like I wanted to create a space
where crafty and creative YouTubers can
meet and talk about collaborations I am
new to creating Facebook groups I'm
pretty sure that you have to request to
join but I am the person that will be
approving the request and I'm sure that
I will approve your request so I'm going
to link the group Below in the
description box and if you're interested
Ed in joining a group where you can talk
about crafty Creations on YouTube please
feel free to join our group I can't wait
I would love to have you there so this
space will be open to YouTubers who want
to talk about crafting collabs who want
to talk about haul collabs who want to
talk about day in the life collabs you
name it we can definitely talk about it
and see if we can create a collaboration
for it I want this group to be a space
where crafty YouTubers can get together
find people who are like-minded and be
able to share and create well that's it
for DIY number three thank you so much
for watching please check out my blog at
thrifted Living blog. wordpress.com
don't forget to check out my craft room
series every Friday I post a new video
about my craft room follow me on
Instagram to see my thrifted teacher
outfits of the day please like subscribe
and share thank you so much for watching
bye
[Music]