hi guys welcome back we're instapass hi
in this video I'm going to show you guys
how to make restaurant style egg drop
soup it's super easy and simple you're
only gonna need a few ingredients and
I'm pretty sure many of you guys might
even have all of its ingredients inside
your kitchen - sorry Cap'n predominator
hollynjym sake vegan ham egg drop soup
NEPAD Tila life at the canteen sub soup
- Nadine aha night I can't help or
conquer no I McMahon like ha Melina Jaco
sure I would really like her new book on
hope low duenna ha ha problem
Lollapalooza Masanga Lady Gaga
ingredients chicken broth I'm soup guy
egg KY sugar salt thin soy sauce and
pepper
gluten panic I picked alakazoo cow corn
starch bank appalled sesame oil
nemanja cilantro and green onions ha she
looketh on honk ha so first inside the
sauce pan I add my chicken broth on a
medium high heat I will bring that to a
boil I also add a thin soy sauce salt
and sugar in there and give it a stir
Lim tonic Alinta seinem sup karlip ära
Monica
louder tongue hey I'm subdued na'ka'leen
cuz I see how clear a lock on em tandem
bike ha honing how can ignore Anika
lockup acting Mahajan Quan am today
and while we're waiting for our chicken
broth to a boil
I also whisk my egg together Linda
Cockerham County hike hike hike on
calico parking like Annika and also you
in need of a little bit of water to add
into your cornstarch give it a stir
until you don't see any pockets of flour
logo Lang Technica nom lick noise I
don't find a bank opponent Hakone here
Calvin aha he'll wow me mid Bank hip and
mid mid laner cockatoo wish I died huh
shy penguin sample anger Diana huh and
as soon you see your water your chicken
project it's boiling
it's mean you're ready to put your eggs
in so I will give it a stir like a clock
Lester until you'll see that your
chicken broth it's going around like so
and then you will start to put your a
since I landed in Hamden Holland got ham
can corn happen one coming in - a tee
time he do Garnica the hamwi's pioneer
will allow site China Qaeda may been
gone I'll lock up and send no Yan Hadi
swing and even take me in Yangon aha
corner from Day weekend young-hee hidden
aha when it handy Ocala columns I can
ride a leg ha
so here not how I walk I get up inside
silo and after you put all your eggs
inside let it sit until his boil again
add your sesame oil it's really optional
you like sesame oil just put sesame oil
London and Nakata medium in Kansai no
mañana bye - hop pneumonia and I'm
Hannah help me chop call me psychotic ha
and hereafter its boiler again I add my
cornstarch you also can have tabular
starch if you have some coming me back
up or penguins on blanket aha corner ha
ha me on your thumbs a table ha ha and
then give you um it's a stir until you
get this type of consistency if you like
a thicker add a little more flour and
turn off the heat your soup is ready a
complete fighter and a hot soup casa de
baile ha Alec attacks arugula and a half
and here I will put it in a bowl it's
ready to serve and I will put a little
bit of cilantro and green onions
sign AHA a tuxedo Harlequin don't hum
hello sorry why aha Roy Roy time so
again like a time do I pick hi hi and I
also add a little bit of black pepper on
the top and you're all set your soup
it's done super easy and simple like I
said and I hope you guys liked this
video please like subscribe follow me on
my facebook instagram and twitter and
also Google+
hash out video in Teaneck I shouldn't
got like haha joke and I know Facebook
Instagram like a Twitter Google+ ha look
at the time we do my my dad who took at
Atlanta Hawk and stay tuned for the new
video every week and even like twice a
week now cocoon accustomed la cantidad
ha and I also will list the list of
ingredients in at the end of the video
the lindahaacker decison was a white on
me ha
you Ljubica joke and I know I did not
when he'll a pecan sadiq ha and unto
next time bye