hi I'm Marco van with ABC pest control
in Largo Florida and what are the few of
the home remedies for killing gnats
within the home well there's a couple
things that people can do as a
prevention you know to stop you from
getting gnats in the first place number
one remember why gnats are there is
generally because there might be some
food or maybe some debris that was left
over from in the kitchen from cooking
and by eliminating those food sources
gnats will be very hard to come inside
the home but how do you kill them once
you have them well one of the things
that you can do is to make sure that you
want to eliminate these food sources run
your disposal on a regular basis and
using a couple different materials that
I'm going to show you right now
number one is a little pest trap that we
have it's a little yellow pest trap that
some of the fungus gnats are actually
attracted to now this particular trap
has a sticky coating on the outside of
it hanging this near anywhere where you
may store your fruits or vegetables or
even around the kitchen where you seeing
the gnats will cause them to be stuck
directly on to the little yellow paper
here remember it's just a a real sticky
paper but this is one home remedy that
you can use it's safe around the kids
just don't get your finger stuck to it
but it is a good product that you can
use around the home the other thing that
we can do if you want if you have a real
bad problem is making sure that your pee
traps which were the sink drains into
the underneath the sink it drains into a
little trap if you leave the home a lot
of people have seen when they come back
they have a lot of problems with gnats
flying in and around home well that's
because these P traps dry out and that
allows gnats to come up and travel up
through the pipes and get up inside the
home so by having a neighbor or a friend
come by and just running the sink you
know water into the sink and letting
that run you will fill that P trap up
that will stop Nats from getting up
inside the house the other method is the
use of another product we have here and
this is called apt 565 fogger you can
purchase this at any do-it-yourself pest
control or even have a pest control
company come out and spray this for you
very easy to use all you do is you open
it up
comes with a little handy spray you
spray each room about three or four
seconds and that will kill any of the
Nets that are in and around the home so
very easy to use very efficient and once
you have it taken care of
you won't have to worry about those
gnats anymore I'm mark Govan with ABC
pest control on Largo Florida hoping you
have a pest free day