looking for something sexy it is
Valentine's Day look no further because
you're watching drink this tonight
tonight we're drinking chocolate
martinis do you need something to please
your sweetheart this Valentine's Day a
chocolate martinis a really good way to
her heart or even if you're lonely this
Valentine's Day you can drink this by
yourself and then you'll feel not so
lonely anymore
chocolate makes everybody feel better so
the chocolate martini you got lots of
chocolate and lots of deliciousness so
stay tuned and we'll show you how to
make it let's look at the ingredients so
the primary ingredient in this is going
to be some chocolate occur we're using
Godiva although you could use any brand
there's a lot of good ones out there
creme de cacao also another chocolate
flavored spirit vodka we're using just
plain vodka although you could
substitute flavored vodka such as
vanilla or chocolate vodka young milk
we're using 2% but you could use whole
milk 1% even skim if you only want to
get kind of fat you'll need a Boston
shaker and then we'll serve this in a
martini glass again not required but
definitely classic so the first thing
we're going to do is start by chilling
our martini glass we're gonna take some
ice and just drop it in the glass just a
little bit on you alive and then just
top it with some water so the next step
is to add some ice to our cocktail
shaker we're gonna add an ounce and a
half of our chocolate liqueur then an
ounce and a half of creme de cacao 1/2
ounce of vodka again you can use
flavored vodka if you prefer
and then finally two and a half ounces
of milk then we're going to cap the
string now how are we shaking just pop
it open like that
and you can drop the ice water now that
your glass of cold and you're just going
to strain it into the martini glass just
like that we can take some chocolate
syrup which we're going to use as our
garnish and just drizzle it on top just
like that that's beautiful and then the
last thing we're going to do is just
take a pinch of this cocoa powder