a centipede vibe is an injury resulting
from the action of a sender kids for
cables painter like appendages that
pierced the skin and inject venom into
the wound such a wound is not
technically a bite as the four couples
are modified legs rather than through
mouth parts clinically the wound is
viewed as a cutaneous condition
characterized by paired hem ragged marks
that form a chevron shape caused by the
large paired four cables of the Senate
pit said if it bites symptoms severe
pain which is usually in proportion to
the size of the Senate pit swelling and
redness swollen painful lymph nodes in
the regions of the big limb hectic
palpitations or racing pulse
nausea and vomiting anxiety local
itching and burning sensations centipede
by treatment by a victim should wash the
site with soap and water a cold compress
should then be applied at intervals of
10 minutes reassurance and pain relief
is often given in the form of
painkillers such as non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory medications and to
histamines and anti-anxiety medications
in a severe case the affected limb can
be elevated and administered diuretic
medications won't care principals and
sometimes antibiotics they use to keep
the wound itself from becoming infected
or chronic centipede bite is a common
disease yet every individual needs
unique treatment and care we encourage
people with centipede bite and their
families to learn as much as possible
about the latest medical treatment and
approaches as well as healthy lifestyle
choices for more information about
centipede bite and how to treat
centipede bite just click on a link at
description or visit www.imtcva.org