hey everybody and welcome back to the
little mind catchers channel this is
mommy speaking and this cute little
hairstyle right here was a actually a
hairstyle I found on Instagram I'm going
to lead the lady who did this hairstyle
going to leave her Instagram link right
here in the video and she also has a
youtube channel so check her out
alright guys I started out Gabby's hair
on blow-dried hair her hair was washed
and blow-dry and as you can see I'm just
combing through and I'm going to make
three parts down there three ponytails
and it's a super easy style to do you
guys just watch as I go along all you're
doing is creating your little ponytail
you're going to go about an inch down
and put another rubber band you're going
to go an inch down from there another
rubber band and as far down as your
little ones hair goals
you
now at the tip of these um puff ponies I
was trying to figure out what the young
lady who did this style originally did I
couldn't really see what was at the end
of hers so I decided to do a two strand
twist at the very end and then wrap the
ends around so that's how I did the ends
like I said she does have a YouTube
channel so you guys can go over and
check hers out I'll definitely leave a
link below but this is how I did the
tips of the hair now you see enough
close-up view right there
and basically I just went row by row
right here I'm showing you guys how I
lined up those parts I went in between
each part that was below it that way you
can kind of fill in the empty spots I'm
greasing her scalp with my blue magics
organics grease and my black Jamaican
casserole you guys know I love to use
that I'll leave a link down below about
my grease in my casserole
I'm also using the Kim Kimble cream the
bounce back curl cream I really like
using that when I'm using I'm doing a
style with blow-dried hair so I'll leave
a link for that down below to if I can
find one it just crews gives the hair a
nice little Sheen and it's not really a
hard hold at all
I really like it on blow-dried hair and
as you can see I'm just repeating the
steps
when you don't have the puffiness you
want you can pull the hair gently out a
little bit of the rubberband and puff it
out a little more
okay here at the top of her head or at
the crown of her head I just made one
straight apart going back on the right
side of her head first and started doing
the puffs going on her right side just
falling on her right side and that's all
it was to it to the top of the head so
because I know a lot of people wanted to
know how did I do the top
I just basically squared it off at the
top and I'll show you a little clip of
that at the end I do understand why you
may want to try this on one a air dry
hair instead of blow dried hair with
blow dried hair it's a little fluffy and
it won't sit still so that's why I added
on little silver pieces you know you can
find these from the dollar store they're
very cute little decorations and
accessories to put in the hair very cute
you get about a bag of them for possibly
less than a dollar they kind of weigh
the hair down or you can just add
barrettes and that is it gabby is
looking super cute got lots of
compliments on this hairstyle you guys
go ahead and check out the other lady's
video and channel and let her know the
little mind catch your scent you cyber
kisses bye
Seifer kisses see you guys in the next
video bye
you