hi guys welcome to my channel if you new
here my name is Joe and I am mum - Evie
ray who's almost 17 months now and on
wife - Scott and on my channel you'll
find some natural cleaning products that
I make myself and how to use those and
some day in the life videos some mummy
type videos and I'm actually starting my
would use plastic journey as well so
I'll be putting videos of that as well
and I hope you enjoy please stick around
if you do please give me a thumbs up
because I always appreciate it and
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already make sure you take both so that
you get any alerts of when I've posted a
new video okay so today's video I'm
going to show you how I clean my toilet
bowl so I've had a few requests to tell
people how I clean my toilet bowl and
naturally so I'm going to show you how I
do that let me know at the end if if you
would like to try this method and if it
works for you please do comment below
because I'm always interested to know
how people have got on with my natural
cleaning methods but you know I know
boats get ready
stop and go I wound up doing it cleaning
now I my that would be on this with it
I'm all about honesty so and yeah
authenticity is my thing this is me this
is our Dima cleaning not really momager
okay so this is my toilet bowl well what
I'm gonna do first of all is empty the
water out of this so that I can get
right down to the bottom with my
cleaning so I find that plots like this
this is just an old with a thought that
I've got that kind of size and then to
get the real bottom of the bowl water a
smaller pot which is another old lush
pot and gets the water out really really
good so wanna do this is clean water so
don't be afraid of it you can wear
gloves if you like but
so you just scoop it out and put any
sink or in your bath and to get rid of
it and just keep scooping until the bowl
is completely empty
okay I can't get down I love to get much
more water out with that one so I'm
gonna come back for my smaller one so it
just gets full right down the bottom you
see they say that is the bowl what as
empty as I'm gonna get it to be quite
honest so I'm going to use half a cup of
bicarbonate of soda and a quarter cup of
white vinegar and I'm just going to pour
the bicarb down the toilet and then add
the white vinegar to it and it will do a
fitting and thing just leave it for
about 20 to 30 minutes and then we'll
come back to it
[Music]
[Music]
so I've got my spray cleaner here and
all that consists of is one cup of
distilled water so a boiled cooled water
that just gets all the chlorine and any
treatments that they put into drinking
water out of it quarter cup of vodka 1/4
cup of white vinegar 2 tablespoons of
lemon juice so I get the pure lemon
juice and then ten drops of tea tree oil
and 10 drops of lemon essential oils but
always be careful with essential oils
and check and their safety first because
some can be harmful to children and
animals so don't use them neat and all
of doing that is just a spray basically
it's not a natural disinfectant
[Music]
okay so I think that's done enough and
glasses very good grow up well with the
toilet brush which is what this is
[Music]
breaking up
[Music]
[Music]
whereas pride my hair
I wanna get in here these myths so I was
actually got an old toothbrush
[Music]
nice clean sloppy toilet naturally
feigned done okay that's it all done so
all I've used there is bicarbonate of
soda and white vinegar down the toilet
and left it for 20 to 30 minutes giving
it a good scrub Brown with the toilet
brush and then in my toilet cleaner all
it is is distilled water vodka white
vinegar tea tree oil lemon oil and lemon
juice and that makes a brilliant
disinfectant so I've got my sloppy
toilet now and what I'll do is spray the
rest of the toilet with that cleaner and
just wipe it all down as well so that's
it I hope you've enjoyed and I hope it's
in despite you to use some natural
cleaning products - you don't need the
bleach down below so go check out my
other videos I'll put them in the end of
this video and I'll see you next time
take care bye
[Music]