[Music]
how to make time for yourself has it
been ages since you were able to take a
nap read a book or simply catch your
breath Finding Me time isn't easy but it
can be done you will need some backbone
a day planner self-discipline and some
time to organize yourself step one let's
face it we all have friends we've
outgrown and favors we do for lack of a
backbone learn when to put your needs
before others step two when you're
planning your week or month block chunks
of free time for yourself then honor
them as you would a business meeting or
a date with a loved
one step three get yourself organized
both at home clean your closets take
care of mail as it comes and at work
clean off your desk create a filing
system so you don't waste time looking
for things studies show we wear 20% of
our clothes 80% of the time so getting
rid of the excess will make selecting an
outfit much faster step four see what
tasks you can Slough off on others
Junior employees at work your spouse
kids if you have them if you can afford
a housekeeper a few times a month do it
step five cut down on trips to the store
by buying as much as you can in bulk
invest in a second fridge or Standalone
freezer if you have the room when you do
shop go at off peak times like the early
morning after the lunch hour rush and
shortly before the store closes and
group your errands by location step six
checking your email compulsively and
surfing the web can eat up enormous
amounts of time check your work email at
a few set times during the day and leave
your home computer off except when you
have a specific task to accomplish step
seven put an end to writing and mailing
checks by paying all your bills online
if your health plan allows it get your
prescriptions by mail step eight relax
and put your feet up you've earned it
did you know American men do 2.7 hours
of Home rated work per day versus 4.5
hours for women