to make a blockquote where there's more
than 40 words in a a direct citation
from an article or a book make sure that
you first of all start the quote with a
new paragraph and do not put quotation
marks in it like that it's not going to
have quotation marks then select the
entire quote and come up to here where
the indent mark indent um arrows are and
move it over half an inch so it will be
indented half an inch and it needs to be
left justified rather than having am the
first line indented or tab it's going to
it's going to start like this on the
left and so it'll be half an inch in and
and both these arrows up here will be
aligned and then no beginning quotation
mark and no end quotation mark and the
period goes after the sentence or after
the quotation not to the right of the
parenthesis whereas in a normal in text
citation not a block quote you would
have the period to the to the right of
the parenthesis like this and not at the
end of the word but here it's going to
be at the end of the word the last word
of the quotation and not to the right of
the parenthesis and then of course you
still need the author year and page
number unless you've mentioned it
somewhere else and in which if you
already mentioned the author or the year
then you would just put the page number