[Music]
my name is Richard Reavis I'm the
culinary director of amber restaurants
at the landmark Mandarin Oriental I'm
gonna prepare for you a bread sauce but
a little bit different than a
traditional British bread sauce so what
we need for this recipe is a very good
sourdough bread loaf it doesn't need to
be fresh we need some white onions
preferably we need some for spice we
need some tasty chicken stock some
hazelnuts some good sea salts so step
one a nice sourdough bread doesn't need
to be fresh and we're gonna cut that in
very thin slices put it on a tray or it
can be a big tray a small to depend on
the quantity that you make and then
we're gonna toast in the oven
nicely dark it's important that you have
a very nice dark color on your toe so
and those thin slices we're gonna put on
this little tray and we're gonna place
them in the oven after that you chopped
and white onion very small and you saute
it with a little bit of butter and then
we cook it very very slowly under a
greased paper so the onions get nicely
cooked like this so you want to have a
nice fondant white onion reserve that on
the side so we will now start with the
brown butter so we need about 60 grams
of brown butter 60 grams of brown butter
that we put in a very hot thick bottomed
pan and we're gonna make a nice brown
butter
the brown butter is very important
because you want to have that nutty
taste that you get while you're grounded
butter in the meantime we take another
pots on the stove it's better getting
brown and we place in the pots 200ml of
a very nice tasty chicken stock
some of the onions about - 2 tablespoons
of the onions we will place into this
[Music]
and we bring that to boil you see the
brown butter is really getting along now
and what you want is to have the smell
of hazelnuts and that's where we are
right now you see nice brown butter
butter is ready we bring this to boil so
the stock with the cooked onions and
then we have these breaths pieces that
are being extremely well toasted and
when the stuff is boiling with the
onions we had the bread to it
[Music]
we have the beautiful turkey is nicely
roasted and with that we put just a
couple of this case parsley roots that
it could be carrots or anything very
similar and we place those nicely on top
bread and truffles how simple can again
[Music]