Sansevieria a tree fasiq yet l croplands
dot-org a mostly called common name it
will be snake plant but it's for all
this genus of Sansevieria and it is
succulent and leaf plants major it's all
in the leaves these varieties you can
see have a variegated variety it's a
this is a one pattern there is a lot of
kind of patterns you can choose whatever
it's fit in your eyes so you should
start to grow it from maybe from
daughter plants or just by blood the
leaves can be green with a great green
with with a lighter green darker green
with yellow stripes vertical some
patterns a flowers are not very
impressive as the lips then it's a
spiked flowers or the stem white color
not very impressive as I said and it
grows the best in well-drained soil
above 5 degree I can grow in the
Mediterranean desert subtropical or tri
tropic if doesn't like so much water so
small amount of water I can survive and
grow well in average amount of water a
grow for full Sun - full shade and with
light and so it means that it can grow
as a houseplant it's easy plant to grow
also from 50 centimeter to 2 meters so
it's made like a little bit less than 2
feet to 6 feet a major pest are
especially when it's young its nails and
slugs after this there isn't something
special as I said before you can start
with daughter plants or seeds or plants
if you want to ensure what color would
you get or what pattern of colors you
will get
you should start with plants or Toto
plants the blooming season will be in
the summer and as I said it's not very
impressive the leaves it what it's
impressive so the interesting season
will be a from the spring a to the
autumn when you planted as a outside of
the tropic but if you plant it in the as
a house plant you can do it all over
here there isn't a special requirement
as I said it's easy plant to grow and
you should grow it for the beautiful
city sleeves
that's all from raw plant that auric
don't forget to subscribe visit our
website and of course like this video
hope you enjoy