I don't know what's going on with us way
too much smoke if I all arm is gonna go
off I don't even know why I'm doing this
this is such a bad idea and I'm gonna
hate every second of it Oh I decided to
give it a try and make it three-course
meal only using a waffle maker so I have
to make its order the main course and
also the dessert all of that using a
waffle maker which means I can't
actually make a waffle because that
would technically be cheating because
it'd be the easiest thing this should be
interesting here I draw all the
ingredients to make my starter so
basically I want to actually do a good
job with this I don't want to make
something that's gonna be like stupid
and just fail to be funny we've been
there but now I actually want to make
something that could be like a five-star
meal so we're gonna be making some
garlic bread but hear me out though I
actually want to do a good job with this
I wouldn't meet like a fancy-looking
garlic bread so I've got some bread
dough I'm not sure whether this is gonna
cook in a waffle maker so I guess we're
gonna find out together we love a yeast
infection but the first thing I'm gonna
do here is plug in a waffle maker and
you can't really control the temperature
because my knees not even like a fancy
one I think we should start by mixing
some butter and also some of the garlic
and make like a garlic butter and then
I'm gonna use that to brush the bread
maybe we should do that after actually I
didn't expect this but it's already
getting so hard this stuff is powerful
[Music]
so on this side I'm gonna put our first
garlic bread hopefully this works if not
I got enough dough to try it again and
on this side with the butter I'm gonna
add some garlic and then I'm gonna use
this in the end you like brush on top of
the bread water smells really good
already I got a feeling this is gonna
look like a five-star meal so I'm gonna
switch it back on and then we're gonna
close it oh no oh I wonder what's gonna
happen should I press it down a little
bit I'm gonna press it down that's a lot
of smoke I'm not sure if this is
supposed to happen I feel like something
is happening because look at this like
it wants to open up but I'm trying to
like press it down because I don't know
maybe we should let it breathe a little
bit I didn't know what's gonna happen
this is such a bad idea it's been like
ten minutes of this so I'm gonna just
check and see if this is doing well and
hopefully wow I don't know if you guys
can see but this garlic here is
completely burned almost crunchy I'm
gonna brush it with the butter from this
side and hopefully it's not to burn okay
at least it doesn't stick I mean with
the amount of butter that we used not a
terrible look let's drizzle a little bit
of olive oil I don't know how to do this
okay before we move on to the next so
and I feel like we should try this
because it's still warm and if this is
ever going to be enjoyable it's going to
be now
okay the good news is it's definitely
fully cooked I mean look at them the bad
ones is there it's also very very dry
even with all that butter wrong we're
gonna move on to the main course and
this is definitely the most dangerous
one because we're actually going to cook
check in in a waffle maker this is such
a bad idea this is the one that I'm the
most nervous about because we're
actually gonna be cooking with chicken
and I've loved this weird feeling that
there's no way chicken can actually cook
in a waffle maker because it's just no
hot enough but I've got a plan
so hopefully this works I'm gonna hit
this chicken breast until it's very flat
and then hopefully that will make it
easier to cook because this is way too
thick for a waffle maker and this is why
my neighbors hate me is it just me or is
there's no getting flat at all by really
let's try it like this
just a casual afternoon thinking of all
the hate comments that seems to be
working now so I'm gonna carry on
thinking about all the lovely comments
that people leave on my videos let's
just say that I will definitely consider
some anger management classes before the
potatoes I was thinking how am I gonna
cook this in here like even if I cut
into slices it's probably not gonna work
because potatoes are like tough so I had
a brilliant idea of shredding the
potatoes almost like as if you're making
like hash browns so I don't know if this
is gonna work either but this seems to
be my only option I can't believe I
spend $2 on this is anything even on the
inside this is so down oh I get it
I should have removed the top
this is why I'm never going to amount to
anything life but actually this seems to
be a good amount I'm also gonna add one
egg just to make sure the whole thing
sticks together I guess that kind of
makes sense a little bit of salt on both
of them and also a little bit of pepper
just to reaffirm my whiteness I don't
want everything to taste the same so
this time around we're not using butter
we just some olive oil this is such a
bad idea and on this side we're gonna
add the potatoes why is this so wet it's
been like 20 minutes so I think the
chicken should be cooked I mean it's a
very small flat piece it doesn't even
look like chicken anymore also what even
is this this looks so weird I'm 99% sure
this is cooked like how weird is that
it looks like a waffle but it's actually
chicken I don't think this one's gonna
come out very easy oh I was wrong oh
that looks fancy that's exactly what
you're gonna do for the plating okay
let's blade it I'm gonna start with some
tomato reduction in the bottom which
it's very very hot let's try to elevate
this I'm gonna do like wow obviously I
don't want to give myself too much
credit but all those BuzzFeed chefs
they're quaking for this one I'm gonna
be happy with the simple fact that this
is actually cooked so the only thing I
don't know if it's cooked it's the
potatoes it might be the ketchup it
might be my cooking hopefully I'm not
gonna die with poisoning
Wow I think I need to stop worrying
whether things I cooked or not because
everything's so dry if any of you guys
want to give this a try
it's definitely doable things get really
really dry it doesn't matter how much
oil you put in it so for this next one
we're gonna be making an apple pie and
I'm really gonna try to elevate the look
of it and this time I actually mean that
probably not for the dessert we're gonna
be making some apple pie and this is
very very ambitious we're also going to
find out if puff pastry works in a
waffle maker I love being the guinea pig
for all of us maybe a little bit more I
really don't want things to stick but I
mean this is the last one let's go to
the top and I'm going to switch it off
because I don't want this to start
burning yet so I'm gonna start by
cutting the Apple into I don't know
should we do slices maybe just small
chunks on this side I'm gonna cook the
apples and then I'm gonna basically add
them on top after because otherwise it's
going to be a mess I mean it's probably
hitman so anyways but and the pastry
goes on this one whoa that almost fits
perfectly so when the pastry finishes
cooking I'm gonna top it with the apples
separately so I just need to add a
little bit of cinnamon on the apples
well that's truly a little bit okay we
need to close this now I'm gonna switch
it off and I'm getting kind of worried
even though it's only been 10 minutes
because it kind of smells like something
is burning which is not great oh wait
that makes me really want to eat this I
don't think this will come off though
let me do my best at plating this I
don't know which side hate this side
actually mmm let's use the one that is
slightly burned
this is probably the fanciest looking
out of all of them maybe if I turn in
like this way yeah better so we're gonna
top everything with a little bit of
syrup and by a little bit I mean a lot I
mean we been there oh let's do some
whipped cream on the side Oh should we
do in the side if this isn't art I don't
know what else is I'm gonna do a quick
test to her dessert it's so crunchy just
listen to this as anyone actually ever
cooked puff pastry in a waffle maker
because it's seriously it's like that's
really good mmm
because it actually works I mean I feel
like the chicken also kind of works but
I overcooked everything hopefully you
guys enjoyed this video if you did don't
forget to give this video a like
especially if you want to watch more or
maybe turn this into a series where I
try to use like specific kitchen
appliances to make three meals I've seen
a similar video I think from BuzzFeed
that's where I got the idea from so I'm
gonna link that video in the description
below as well but if you like this I
would definitely love to make some more
of these so definitely give the video
like and also don't forget to subscribe
and switch my notifications on thank you
so much to all of you guys to subscribe
to my channel I'm so so close to 1.5
million subscribers and I know it's just
a number and I shouldn't care but
keeping you real I do care because I
don't know it just makes me feel proud I
feel like I've had such a good year and
it makes me really happy to get there
before the last day of the year but
obviously I know it's really not gonna
happen so no expectations leave a
comment down below and let me know what
kitchen appliances should I use next
think of like the moves to random
appliances and if I take your idea I
will give you like the credit on the
video I will put like your your YouTube
username on screen and give you guys a
shout out so thank you to those of you
take time leaving comments as well this
was different I'm not sure if I'm gonna
make more of these but you guys let me
know what you think I love you guys and
I will see you on my next video which is
probably gonna be tomorrow bye bye