thought we'd talk a little bit about
grinding coffee beans step one is to get
yourself a grinder get the best grinder
you can find preferably your Burg
grinder as opposed as opposed to a blade
grinder the burg grinder will leave less
dust and less dust will clog up your
coffee maker a lot less so once you
decide on what size granule you'll like
keep in mind that the smaller the
granule the stronger the coffee flavor
will be however if you get too small
you're going to end up with coffee
that's extremely bitter you also want to
try to make sure that the granules are
all about the same same size so that the
balance of your flavors is correct your
grinder should have a uh granular size
dial on the front or it may be preset if
it's preset you can um get around this
by lightly pressing the button
repeatedly and letting it spot grind and
that will give you a little bit more
even grind when you're grinding your
coffee grounds don't use your coffee
grinder for any other herbs or spices as
this will taint the flavor of your
coffee and no matter what you do you
will never get it clean