[Music]
well hello everyone and welcome to
another very exciting episode here on
the mi gardener channel so last episode
i brought you all along to show you what
was growing and how i was growing it and
there was a lot of questions about the
method that i had with regarding the 512
cell trays and the 218 cell trays
because it's my new preferred method of
planting in bulk before i would plant in
just cups and i'd have to separate the
seedlings out plant them individually
and i would ruin a lot of roots in the
process
and i found this method out through
working at the greenhouse and my
experience there with their mass
planting methods and it's very efficient
it's super easy and so i wanted to kind
of show you guys because i was not i was
not super clear on how you transplanted
obviously it's pretty self-explanatory
but i was not clear on
if you could transplant right from these
cells into the ground or if you had to
move them and so basically to make a
long story short it is extremely up to
you totally 100 up to you so if you want
to plant from these cells right into the
ground you're more than welcome to i
prefer to move them into one uh one
bigger tray if need be
like right now that's what i'm going to
be doing because it's not yet warm
enough that i want to risk planting them
outside yet so i'm actually going to be
transplanting them into a larger
four-cell container
um and basically like a 72 cell long so
um so i went from a 512 cell flat now
down to a 72 cell flat so it's basically
going to be
you know up a size from where they're
currently at but if i wanted to if the
conditions were proper i could actually
transform transplant them right into the
ground so it's really versatile and it's
totally based on how you want but as far
as the ease of planting goes there's
nothing like it and it's totally uh
terrific i will say that with this
method you do get a little bit of root
bound because
part of the reason this method works so
well is it it um it takes up all of the
cell because it's a one inch by one inch
cell and so the cell itself gets
surrounded by roots and allows you to
pull the plant right up and it makes a
little plug without the roots taking up
all that space when you go to pull the
plant out all the soil will just fall
off anyways completely defeating the
purpose so you want to let them mature a
bit in this tray here um
before i would transplant when i only
had one set of uh one set of leaves
basically they're cotyledon leaves the
seed leaves so i wouldn't want them to
get their adult leaves in this sense i
let them get about one to two sets of
adult leaves before i even think about
transplanting because that tells me that
the root structure is very mature i also
will sometimes take the the tray and i
will look on the bottom
and if you can see some roots starting
to form on the bottom sometimes you can
see them
poking through sometimes you can see
them doing a little spiral that also
lets you know that the root system is
mature enough so that you can
pull them out and make a transplant
alright so there was quite a bit of
question about how to get the plants out
of the cells i still don't prefer to
take it and just yank it out because
it's really
not good for the plant you can sometimes
break it right off the stem sometimes
it's not really easily worked out so
what i do is i take just a regular
phillips screwdriver just a cheap old
one and i actually took a hammer and
blunted the end
i don't know if you can see that but i
basically just took it i set it down on
the table and i just hit a hammer on it
to make a flat end here and that way it
doesn't split the soil because the
bottom of these trays actually have a
hole
in them
and that allows you to take your
that allows you to take your
your screwdriver poke it through the
hole
and now instead of
ripping all those roots out you now can
pop out the plug and then help it out
instead of doing all the work by just
yanking on the stem here so this
transplant is ready for the soil
all right i'll do another one for you
all so i just take it just pop it out
there
and it comes out
perfect as you can see just a tiny tiny
bit root bound there not a whole ton but
just enough so it holds the soil in
place so i have a plug here and they're
a little bit laggy
you know that's just the nature of
growing these things i'm not super good
at growing brassicas but they'll be
totally fine once you get them in some
good soil i typically just make a hole
with my finger
push them down
and then i just take some extra potting
soil
and i actually just
pop it in just like that
and um
and that way it gives it a little
support and um
you know it it comes along with growing
your own your own seedlings it's never
going to be perfect they're never going
to look uh 100
um you know what they should be but once
they get some nutrients they're going to
look great so i'm going to get another
one here and it's just so simple i mean
once you get the knack of this uh it
just it just flies by so i'm going to do
this hole right here
just make a little bit bigger of a hole
drop it in give it a little bit of a
push to get it down
and i just back fill a little bit there
and it supports it
and um and if you need to add a little
more soil you can with this one it's uh
pretty self-supporting so i'm going to
move on to
the rest of these and then i'm going to
get back with you when i'm all finished
alright so i'm just about finished here
for the day i hope you all enjoyed this
episode hopefully you learned something
new and hopefully this makes your
planting a whole lot easier this spring
so definitely go give this a try if you
haven't already also if you're
if you're not able to be planting this
year with this method make sure you get
them for next year because i seriously
recommend it for anyone that is
a beginner or advanced gardener it is
just so simple and so easy and so
efficient too so um yeah that's about
all i got this episode i will catch you
all later make sure you tune in for the
next episode it's going to be super
super exciting i know you all are going
to want to see it it's something that
cindy and i have been wanting to share
with you for a very long time however
we've been keeping it a secret so that
we can make sure that it's the ultimate
surprise for you all so
i guarantee you none of you know what it
is so that's why you have to stay tuned
and tune in for friday's episode you all
are gonna love it all right take care
have a great day and as always my garden
reminding you to grow baker go home i'll
talk to y'all later see ya bye
[Music]