in turn
are you guys ready
it's another lazy man's recipe man I
love these recipes because they're so
easy so come on close let's get started
okay to make lazy man garlic knots and
who doesn't like garlic knots it's gonna
take some butter some garlic some
parsley basil a little bit of extra
virgin olive oil and the key is these
Pillsbury breadsticks you can find them
in the big section where all the
Pillsbury stuff is if you want to make
them from scratch then it's not a lazy
man recipe but you are more than welcome
to okay first thing we're gonna do is
make our little brush on spread there we
go get all the garlic out put our oil in
there drop in our butter then you're
going to microwave this just till the
butter is melted all right now that
that's all melted and gelling together
I'm gonna put in my parsley and basil
mix it all together beautiful now put
that off to the side
open up your breadsticks mm-hmm
these always fun to open I've always
liked opening these to the kid like the
impos'd
course is an adult I can't get on the
pop come on top for me pop for me come
on you can pop oh there it is there we
go all right
all right
roll out all your breadsticks
this is probably the hardest part is
taking a breadstick stretch it out a
little bit and you have to tie in a knot
like that it's not the best looking not
tied like that you can put it on a pan
like this ungreased okay I just figured
the best way to get them longer just
grab the ends and just wiggle it and it
tends to stretch out drop your 2 fingers
around like that put your thumb through
and you got your knot they're coming out
better now
alright now let's brush it on take a
little mixture
dr. DAP you dump your huh tap your brush
in there we go I know you might say this
is over the top but I'm going for it
little salt little pepper and there you
go that's it bake 13 to 15 minutes or
until it looks good you know you're
looking for golden brown you know what
it supposed to look like those look
beautiful and can you see look at this
one right here see that it's just
perfect look at it think whoo ha ha ha
it's there perfect look it I'm just
gonna let them cool let me take them off
and let them cool on a plate ok yeah
they are how's that look perfect they
came out they're just here it is amazing
they're burning my hands right now you
have no idea how hot this is
you ever try and talk and your mouth is
watering so much that you're afraid you
is gonna spit all over that's not me I'm
good alright oh so good
I'm gonna try this one right here cuz I
didn't do such a good not on that one
kind of a a dangly one let's try this
mmm
while butter and garlic and basil on
this warm fresh bread I can't explain it
any better than that I'll see on the
next episode take care