show is amazing to be in the kitchen and
give you such ideas and tips and recipe
anyway today's is a quick idea and all
you can wash your meat at home so chef
chicken she's dangerous and also to
remove the skin and the fat and also
clean up your meat and wash it off so
guys it's just a tips an idea where you
can do it all and you know I mean as I
said before skin furniture it does good
for your health
that is fact that going Sun I don't
sleep my cookie night anyway so today is
just the idea after the tips and a
chicken and hopefully guys can follow me
on Instagram Twitter Facebook and also
Google+ 50 process under book a moment
and remember snapshot make shuttle call
the 9 you can see your IDs and stuff on
it
follow me on the social network guys
yeah everyone so thank you so much and
hopefully we'll enjoy the recipe enjoy
the trips and the ideas of the video
under you next time but we'll come back
in the future we shuffled on a cooking
show today we're gonna show you how to
clean your meat and wash it off into
some water I'm getting the records over
the last couple of days
chef you gotta all you do your chicken
at home my roommate generally a clean it
up in some pieces
most people say you don't visit me for
you to wash chicken but I don't mean
about in Jamaica and I won cuz my
grandmother
mom I got everyone watching me so that's
the Kimo burn for life but anyway I'm
just gonna give you some tips and idea
of or you can wash it at home
first of all make sure that loves this
is very important because chicken is one
of the most dangerous meat you could
ever think of very very dangerous thing
to do it make sure your surface is clear
don't have anything on the counter if
you're even gonna wash it into your sink
make sure your plate pack away
everything is clear when you're going to
clean your needs first thing is gloves
and your surface clear all right
second thing you could either use this
brother Finnegan mild vinegar melt
vinegar whatever you got I like to use
this broad one can use it to wash your
meat are some lemon which is very good
so first of all you can squeeze the
lemon in the water like this few slices
in the water also if you want to put a
little bit of the vinegar as fine kill
the bacteria prophet about a teaspoon
this is the way when you go to shop on
your bike your chicken this is one of
the way or you can
get your another skin all right if you
noticed your skin on the chicken all
right if you go to the local butcher
shop you don't need to remove the skin
they will do it for your sub-base way to
get a clean piece of a kitchen towel go
on the chicken and pork off like this
right that's the best way or to clean
your meat get rid of some of the fat as
I can see one let's clear the top with a
clot all right so that's the best way or
you can clean your chicken then you put
it straight inside of the water which is
gonna wash your chicken in and leave it
in the water so in the meantime we're
gonna just go continue the honorless
meat just like this so do not put it in
the water first and then I gonna clean
it after the wharfs the workplace going
to be messed up alright so as I can see
this is one of the best we could ever
remove some of the [ __ ] EEMA off the
chicken as you can see get clean up a
nice alright look up that beautiful are
really nice as you can see and put it
straight inside of the water
very important guys the way ugly a meal
at home the wheel under stuff at all a
lot of people are standard things
because I don't care I've been doing for
years not gonna affect your number in
the future that's we're gonna be
affecting you
so as I noticed on doing much mommy now
when I go to the local butcher man I
would ask him to remove the skin from
the meat but as I can see then we all
build a chicken remove wipeout Valley
born and then bit some pieces and put it
straight inside of the water very easy
guys it's not too complicated when you
can do this at home and I mean rest
keeps an idea as to remind us some
people doesn't wash the chicken but then
pop a bun come see their mom I did that
do it that's all then they don't wash
chicken but um when I'm in Jamaica
I wash my meat and I wanna come see my
appearance and doing it so I'm still
doing it see ya
and if you notice again removes
motherfucked use a club just clean out
the inside of the meat as I can see so
I'm gonna put it in the water there's
gonna be fresh on nice as I can see it
doesn't take long it just sort of quick
updates and I remind our class the funds
was asking me oh I do my meat at home on
your washing chicken on are these things
so basically I say I will just do the
video my class i'ma monado's angry meat
everyday nice one as I can see that's
the way you're supposed to make a meek
look really nice are despotic and simple
as a wipe it off or on a spend some time
you know me if it is special enough and
a rush you can do that up hold guys and
then I have another one
as you can see doesn't take long to do
your chicken all right same thing with
the leg when I buy we're not go to the
dimension into the bushes we don't need
to do this but subtitles you wanna go to
the beach if I wanna buy in a big
supermarket and then you just bring your
home and the reason why I remove the
skin from the chicken because that's
very fat we're not going inside of you
it's sleep put that in the water just
like that and also gonna put this same
thing with us cleaning them up guys back
to say that's the best we could ever
cleaning in that home and if you notice
there's no way is not watching up but
messing up nice one
add this particular simple swipe around
these bits yeah nice somebody may
monster when I'm doing my meat like this
i marinate it and just put it in the
fridge that can last up to a month the
fridge in the freezer sorry the freezer
you can see get rid of some of the fat
nice one look at that
beautiful guys up weight is gonna be
reason I just need that in the water for
a nice good 15 minutes another set
chicken is one of the most deadliest
metre could ever think up like a
bucketeer island germs come around at
Kanta let me know call your own green
elite lovely it doesn't take long
not even 50 minutes take up sauce about
a foot
lovely under look enough beautiful so
let's finish all of these I call the
beach and I can put that in your
meatball party bin mine chop these in
the bill make sure you have clean up a
surface then it makes best way or you
can clean your surface is this way so
use the lemon or the vinegar
this is the best thing you could ever
want to use the clear surface again use
clapping white pocket surface let us
beard germs and bacteria same way so
basically is in the water
as you can see let's put a little bit
more vinegar in the water allow that for
15 minutes so basically guys can I see
it show you something to put a chicken
look if you notice all of those germs on
bucketeer I'll come up with your meat
and that you can feel totally different
so that's the best way you can wash your
meat at home
as you can see all chicken goes cooking
nice yes exactly
so if you buy you meet at the meat shop
are the potion shop already where you
want to buy your meat and your ringtone
that's the best thing you want to do a
really nice so as you can see this is it
right here you can so not look fresh a
nice so that's the best way you can wash
your chicken at all and no compel your
meat or your cook it get it clean up
remove the fat or the skin with 80/20
seven minutes on 180 we're gonna be
preachy thank you so much in the Sun
shop ricotta on the team we will come up
with more recipe more ideas in the
future more tips thank you so much see
you next time
you