20 knee hey guys today we have the fill
the bear workshop where you can build
your own bear right at home so let's get
this open and find out what's inside
super super awesome we got everything
out of the box and we have to birth
certificates super super cute lots of
paper pop outs for us to place inside
our bears a pink one so cute and a brown
one and even have two cute outfits and
two little Rockets
we have a bag of stuffing and here's our
machine with a bag of stuffing inside
our ready so let's pull this out and
empty it into our machine so let's start
with our cute pink bear and we're gonna
turn the bear over and put this back
over this little hole right here like so
super super awesome and let's hold this
securely to our bear and turn clockwise
super awesome
the stuffing is going in you see it okay
it's going from here all the way through
this hole in into the bear okay so once
you hear that clicking sound you know
it's kind of getting full so you want to
pull this out and then stuff it into the
legs of your bear as well as the arms so
just stuff it down with your fingers so
that your bear will be stuffed in the
legs too if you don't do this your legs
will your bare legs will be empty okay
super super awesome so we've stuffed the
legs and the arms full you can see that
they're not empty when we press on it
and like the head so let's keep going
with this
so that we can stuff the entire bear and
now we stuff this up into the head of
the bear
you can feel as you're spinning this you
can feel the bear getting bigger
[Music]
whoa that's all of it
so let's stuff our bear get all the
stuffing in so that we can have a very
plush stuffed bear chubby one
super awesome and before we actually zip
up our bear we can take some of our pop
outs and place it in the locket and then
put it in the Bears back
so let's scare off our birth
certificates there's two and you know
what why don't you guys help me think of
some names for our brown and pink bear
you guys can leave that in the comment
section and we have two birth
certificates but here are the hearts
there's one two three sets of hearts and
more paper pop outs that we can pop out
but let's just pop out our hearts from
now and we can make a wish a secret wish
that you don't tell anyone so I'm going
to write secret wish and then we can
fold our wish up
and put it inside our little locket
clip this inside of here close it up
here we are our wish is locked inside
our locket and we can place I lock it
inside our bear and close it up and our
bear will help keep our secret safe
[Music]
super awesome right isn't this cute and
let's put an outfit on our bear let's
put this blue kitty cat outfit on our
bear let's dress our bear okay
so cute I love how you can put different
outfits on your bear and I'll show you
at the end of the video all the
different versions that you can possibly
get super adorable now after this stuff
it in put a lid on get our cute two
little brown bear and put our brown bear
over this there we are and let's give it
a spin
pull this out out stuff it down into the
arms and the legs super awesome I got
enough for the legs but not enough for
the arms so let's open him up and put it
over our machine let's keep going
and remove the lid and stuff the
stuffing down further and put the lid
back on and keep going I'll let stuff it
into the arms this time awesome now we
have enough for the arms and let's spin
for the head when it stuff the head hey
[Music]
super duper cool the head goes in very
very easily and look we have a cute
brown bear so let's get our secret
message C for awesome I've written my
secret message on this blue heart I'm
going to put the blue heart inside of
here secret message and put it inside
the back of our bear lots of fun and dip
it up now we can put our cute pink
outfit with a heart and a star on our
bear
over the head put one arm in and the
other arm how cute
hey super adorable right and now we can
pop out the rest of me and I can show
you where I'll see you can put these the
secret compartment for our other pop
outs you can also add these pop ups to
the back of your bear if you want but I
have a secret hiding place for it hey
super awesome so here are all of our pop
outs and some of these can be held by
our bears let's have one of our bears
hold a candy and another one hold a star
wand and for the rest of these we can
store it and down here the secret
compartment is this cool or what you
can't even tell really that there is a
compartment down here right you can't
write all our wishes and put it inside
super cool and we can also close it up
now let's have our brown bear hold our
star one hey and we can have our pink
bear hold the candy yum yum
super cool now we can open up some
surprises so here are all of our
surprises but before we get to that I
wanted to show you all the other bears
that you can collect it looks like
there's a total of eleven different
bears that you can collect and it looks
like we even have a ballerina bear a
kitty cat some rainbow bears here's one
and here's a cheerleader bear so so
adorable oh and even a princess one over
here super cute
now let's open all of our surprises
let's start with our surprise mo let's
see what what is this another bear
so you can see the naval this is a fox
Flynn the fox loves laughs and Playtech
birthday is September 8th and a favorite
color is candy apple red so cute oh look
at the Fox tail let's get our
fingerlings me oh my gosh how cute is
this we have a bracelet eight purse
charm and look at this adorable green
monkey we can hang our monkey on the
bracelet super awesome and we can put
the charm on the monkey's tail or you
can put the charm on the bracelet
you see let's flip it this way super
awesome and cute let's get this Maj Maj
see what we have inside these are
adorable and they're so soft and squishy
guys and we got a little penguin and
what is this a brain these are see that
just rolled away they're squishy and
like a little bit jelly like they feel
almost like candy and they're super
stretchy let's see what this one is oh
my gosh oh it's not I have no idea what
this is and let's find out the name oh
there's no news I forgot there are just
numbers we have adventure seekers we got
this one right here s zero zero for my
little penguin and let me know in the
comments section if you know what this
is it looks like it has like little
leaves on there or something so it is
not a brain the supposed to be a party
animal this is an ultra rare look it has
this little diamond next to it we have s
0:41 Yantra mer how cool is that
how awesome there aren't even that many
ultra rares there's only there's only
like two ultra rares in all of these key
for ultra rare Oh actually there's four
one two three four
super awesome I have no idea what this
is though but I'm happy that it's ultra
rare hey let's get our hat shamanic
Kachemak collectible we have our yellow
egg with a Purple Heart that we will rub
until it turns pink almost almost and
mostly pink and let's hatch it let's
find out what we have we have a birdie I
love the little birdies
it's a winking birdie with glittery
purple wings and I think it stands it
does it can stand next to our ultra rare
mosh mosh will we make it a house a
little nest here we are
come on little birdie have it sit in its
nest relay in its nest now let's get our
lost kitties let's find out which kitty
we have here's our collectors guide we
have some white dough it's stuck in
there
marybelle let's open up our lost kitty
down and let's take this out white
play-doh oh oh there's something stuck
inside what is this a flashlight hmm I
cannot tell what this is a bottle a
[Music]
microphone okay let's set this here and
what is this a ball of yarn super
awesome let's get all the play-doh
together so we can have a place for our
little kitty cat to rest set that right
there and let's find out who our kitty
cat is Oh No if it
this one looks grumpy and cold and let's
find out what our sticker says our
sticker says fine but I not where'd the
hat I guess it doesn't want to wear this
sweater
knitting and what is this guys let me
know in the comment section what this
purple thing is looks like a microphone
oh now our Tweety Bird so out of a nest
so let's find out who our kitty cat is
we have this one my hair flakes
not feeling it category and finally we
have our pick me pops style series let's
get this open make our little spin and
find out what everything is here is
these okay we have your very cool
s'mores and hip-hip-hooray s'mores chomp
the hippo and kuma the bear I don't how
they look super awesome this one is kuma
the bear so this series is actually an
elastic band on the bottom and you can
take these little clips slip it on the
bottom and actually have your little
pygmy puffs there stand up on a cup or
anywhere you would like we'll take the
widget back and a fan here's our other
one here's our
hippo so cute I'll put this up top and a
bit but let's find out what else we have
super awesome we have a little clip oh
we got a pen these are awesome
let's write something and see what color
it is I'm gonna write on the back of
this sticker here these stickers are
adorable let's see let's write kuma hmm
we have pink gel ink cool put my cap
back on and let's find out what this is
a ring how cute
now let's put our hippo right here so
you can collect a whole bunch of them
and have them standing on the rim of
your cup so cool or they still have this
so you can hang these whatever you would
like well guys let's say for this video
so let me know in the comments section
what was your favorite surprise or which
bear is your favorite and also give our
bears a mean see you guys in the comment
section thank you for watching a toy
teeny channel if you liked this video be
sure to give it a thumbs up that lets me
know to make more videos just like this
for you click or tap on this video to
watch it click or tap to subscribe it's
free plus you get to see my latest
videos and until next time be happy and
keep smiling