hey how's it going guys got another
product review for you what you're
looking at here is the Klean Kanteen
thanks to Young's backpacking for
hosting this review if it weren't for
them I wouldn't have these to show you
guys so your backpacking you're looking
for a water bottle and there are a ton
of choices so you're looking at analogy
you're looking at cig you're wondering
why Klean Kanteen well right to the
point they use 18 8 food grade stainless
steel versus the aluminum for sig and
the polymer plastic used analogy ins the
reason I like that is because it's
stainless steel they don't need a lining
whatsoever yeah so you're not ever gonna
have to worry about anything leeching
into your liquids and you don't have to
worry about the liquids destroying the
inner lining of the can because there
isn't it the bottle will be just fine
it's steel you can stick whatever you
want acidic fruit juices you could stick
alcohol in here no problems whatsoever
because it's also stainless steel there
are some versions that have a color
finish on it however I do recommend
getting the stainless steel version for
the fact that if you're camping you
could stick water in here and boil it
over a fire just fine it's all steel so
you don't have to worry about it hurting
the bottle itself so that's a really
nice option you're not gonna have that
option with some of the other water
bottle choices out there
if you'll notice inside see no lining
stainless steel and these threads
themselves are molded in from steel as
well so you're not gonna have to worry
about the threads wearing out the top
tends to be a plastic although this is
bpa-free and if you're worried there a
variety of tops which include a steel
cap as well so if you want a different
cap you can go out and buy the steel
version in addition two other options
are this is the standard loop one but
there's a loop that slants at an angle
so that when you hang it you could put
it on a carbon er and have it hanging
off your side and there's also a sports
version where you can push the top and
like a little drinking nozzle comes up
so you might want to look at those if
you want a different type cap the design
is rounded and it's fits most cup
holders this is the 12 ounce size so let
me just put like a little maybe a can
here to give you a sense of scale this
is the 18 ounce version there's also a
27 ounce and a 40 ounce version so you
have a variety of sizes to fit your
needs
I like the mouth this is wider than a
cig bottle so it makes it easier to go
inside and clean
and they also have now out a widemouth
version which pretty much takes the
entire top surface so you can also look
at that if you want an even wider mouth
Young's is selling this for about 17
dollars so that's a pretty fair price
for something that you gonna be using
everyday and it's gonna be around a
while and also was I gonna say here oh
if you guys are super green you're using
this ball you've beaten up a lot and you
don't need it anymore you want to get
rid of it you can recycle this as well
so if you want to go green there's that
option as well so that's my lo spiel so
if you're looking for that something
that you can boil water in is super
durable don't want a liner and you like
stainless steel and you like the wider
mouth you might want to check out Klean
Kanteen it might suit your needs
thanks for watching guys and have a good
day