hate your family and if you're new here
welcome to my channel my name is filo
pixie today we'll be looking at three
types of glues that you can use to
create your 3d perler bead projects so
whether you're starting out in this
hobby or you're an avid pearl Abita I
created this video to help you guys out
because when I first started making 3d
pearl of accretions I didn't know what
type of glue to use and I couldn't find
any YouTube videos on it so hopefully
this will help you out just before we
start please note that these are my
personal opinions I am by no means an
expert at any of these so you might be
familiar with some of these products or
you've used them yourself and you may
have a completely different opinion but
just please note that before you write
down your comments below having said all
of that let's get right into the video
so these are the three types of glues
that I use to create my 3d palaburn
projects they are hot glue super glue
and just recently a6000 so let's start
with a hot glue hot glue was the first
glue that I used when I started to
create my 3d puppy creations so all of
them right now that you can see on the
Shelf are actually going together using
hot glue the hot glue works by placing a
glue stick thingy into the hot glue gun
which heats it up you press a little tab
and the melted glue comes out of the
nozzle and you dispense this on your
creation so the pros of using hot glue
is that it's fairly accessible and cheap
to buy you can buy it at any supermarket
discount or any craft stores I actually
brought this one from my local Safeway
and I think it was about 8 Australian
dollars and it came with true glue
sticks the glue sticks also checked by I
bought a packet of 50 hot glue sticks
off eBay for ten Australian dollars so
that is a bargain hot glue heats and
cools quickly so you can glue pieces of
your creation together without having to
wait for the glue to settle and because
of that reason if you for example make a
mistake or you've glued a piece with
another piece you can just wait for the
cooldown time wait for it to completely
dry and try and easily peel or
break pieces apart peel the glue off and
then reapply the glue with the correct
place which I've done multiple times
with my 3d public creations but you
don't see them because I added those
bits out the coins of using superglue is
that it's not as strong as the other
types of glue that I'm going to be
talking about in this video because
sometimes when I've dropped my creation
and yes one time that shelf actually
broke off the wall and all the creations
fell on the ground and most of them
broke apart it was a nightmare also over
time the hot glue actually wears off so
as you can see here on Mickey's ear the
glue has come off a little bit on both
sides there because of the thickness of
the glue it can often lead gaps between
pieces for example look at Patrick Starr
he looks really messy because of the
glue and also there are stringy bits all
over him so if you're impatient like me
and you just want to create your 3d Pony
projects it can often leave a very messy
finish to your creations now moving on
to super glue super glue usually comes
in a really small container
don't ask me what it's made of because I
have no idea but they were not kidding
when they said it was super glue because
it's super sticky super fast so the pros
of using super glue that I have found
it's very easy to apply and it also
leaves a clean finish so it won't leave
strings or gaps in your pillow big
questions unlike the hot glue also it's
fairly accessible and cheap to buy you
can buy it at any craft discount or
super month supermarket supermart
you can buy it at any craft supermarket
or discount store I actually got a pack
of eight super glues for $5 at a
discount store so it is cheap to buy now
I have a man of full 3d publications but
I do try with true pieces of perler
beads together and it was pretty
difficult to pull them apart
unlike the hot glue
the biggest company when using superglue
is that at least residue on your fingers
unless you're using gloves but who wants
to use gloves they're annoying so I tend
to use my fingers and it leaves that
really weird rubbery feeling on your
fingers also has a very long set time
which means if you have a lot of pieces
that have a lot of layers it's going to
take you a very long time to create that
3d pillar bed piece now moving on to the
e6000 a6000 is an industrial-strength
adhesive it says it repairs metal
containers so it's a pretty strong type
of glue now I didn't know that err 6000
even existed until one of my pillow bead
friends told me about it and so far it's
a great alternative to using hot glue
the pros of using e6000 is that it has a
thin paste so your creation finishes
neatly without strings or even thick
gaps between the pieces I found that it
drives a lot quicker than superglue and
it doesn't take as long for the glue to
settle either when Mickey's tail broke I
applied a dab of a 6000 and held it for
about a couple of minutes and then it's
set on its own if I was using super glue
I would have been holding that tail for
a very very long time another positive
is that you don't need to apply a lot of
glue for your crash inste stick unlike
using the hot glue I actually found that
I was going through glue sticks very
very quickly especially when my
creations broke and also the thick paste
that it leaves that clip requires a lot
of glue - also if you get it on your
fingers you can easily rub it off unlike
the super glue but you shouldn't get it
on your fingers anyway because it's
quite toxic and hazardous and that goes
for super glue - the biggest con that I
have using the e6000 is that it is
actually quite expensive especially if
you have to import it like me because I
cannot find it in any hardware stores or
craft stores here in Australia this trip
that I'm using here is 110 mils and it
is one of the larger tubes that you can
get I actually bought it from
eBay and it was $17 but it came with
free postage so of all the adhesives of
which one is my favorite currently it's
the e6000 because it's stronger than hot
glue dries quicker than that was my dog
it dries quicker than super glue and it
leaves a clean and neat finish when I'm
creating my 3d pala bead projects but if
you don't have access
truiy 6000 or you have to import it hot
glue does the job perfectly it's a lot
cheaper and it's pretty accessible you
combine in any craft store so that was
my review on these types of glues thank
you guys so much for watching be sure to
check out my other pillar bead videos
for more tips and if you like pixels and
playing games I play a lot of games
teacher that's it for today and I'll see
you guys next time bye today we'll be
looking at three types of glue that you
can use to use you can use to use that's
not right just before we start please
note that these are all these