hey guys it's Joanne from 15 spatulas
and today we're going to make oven baked
spinach Arch choke dip spinach AR choke
dip is a recipe I always go crazy over
it's just such a great football food
party food appetizer just great for
entertaining and while some people like
to make theirs in the slow cooker or
even in the microwave I love to bake it
in the oven because then it gets
bubbling hot and it also gets this
golden brown crust on top it's really
good let me show you how to make it I've
got a pound of fresh spinach leaves here
and you want to wash the spinach very
thoroughly and drain it a couple of
times to get rid of any dirt or sand and
then spin it very dry in a salad spinner
in a large skillet set over medium high
heat add a tablespoon of olive oil and
add about half of the spinach leaves
season it with a pinch of salt and some
cracked black pepper and cook the
spinach for a few minutes until it's
completely wilted remove the spinach
with a slotted spoon and repeat this
process with the other half of
spinach drain the spinach in a strainer
and press down with a spatula to get rid
of as much excess water as you can so
you don't water down the dip I've got 2
8 oz blocks of cream cheese that I
microwaved for 1 minute to soften and
I'm going to add all of my cooked
spinach to this then chop up some
marinated artichokes this was from a 6
oz jar and I drained it before chopping
add that to the bowl and then add 1/4
cup of mayonnaise a teaspoon of red pepp
pepper flakes a clove of pressed or
minced garlic half a cup of freshly
grated Parmesan cheese and mix that
together with a
spatula now you're going to season the
dip I added about a/ teaspoon of salt
and some more that cracked black pepper
just stir that
in and then now it's time to bake so you
can bake this in whatever dish you'd
like you can do a ramkin like this a
cast iron skillet or pan an 8 by8 dish
dish little gretan dishes it doesn't
matter what vessel you use if I bring
the dip to a party I usually do one big
8 by8 pan otherwise I put it into
multiple different dishes so that Pete
and I can enjoy little bits at a time
you're going to bake the dip for 25 to
30 minutes in a 400Â° oven till it's
golden brown on top all right I've got
my spinach artichoke dip in a little
dish here and I'm serving it with some
toasted bread that's my favorite way to
serve this but tortilla chips are also
really good here let's go ahead give
this a
taste
M when I taste this it's just so
balanced like it's creamy but it's not
too heavy it's got the right amount of
spinach and artichokes to the actual
cheese dip you can really taste the
parmesan in here it's got a really nice
kick and subtle burn from the red chili
flakes it is AB absolutely delicious
this is just one of my favorite dips and
I love love love eating
this well I hope you guys enjoyed
learning how to make this recipe and I
hope you give it a try happy cooking
everybody and I'll see you guys next
time