for my horse daily this is Jillian Simon
and we are going to go ahead and work on
putting on an allpurpose or Hunter
jumper Bridal so the first thing I'm
going to do is I'm going to make sure I
don't have anything Tangled this right
here is called the nose band I've got
what we call a flash nose band on this
as well it's kind of an extra mouth
shutter for when we get this Bridal all
the way on going to make sure the nose
band and the Flash are pulled away from
the bit so that I can get that into his
mouth and then I'm going to make sure I
separate the rains and that nothing is
Twisted so the first I'm going to do is
I'm going to walk on up to ombre here
take my rins and put them over his head
and around his neck reason I'm doing
this is I'm about to detach him from the
lead rope and I want to make sure I have
something extra to hold on to him with
in case he decides to go somewhere going
to kind of put that over my arm for a
minute so I have him and I'm going to
unsnap the lead rope reason I'm doing
this is I'm going to put the halter
around his neck and you really never
want to tie a horse up by their neck so
if I just took this off and fastened it
around his neck with him tied up and
something happened and he spooked he
could get strangled or break his neck if
he tried to run away so I'm going to go
ahead and unhook the lead R first let
that fall and then I'm going to unhook
my
halter and slide it around his neck
again this is just so that if he decides
to leave or go somewhere or something
scares him I now have two things now
he's showing us an example I have two
things I can grab on to if he decides to
run Okay so so now that I have him I'm
going to take my hand put it through the
top of his
ears and grab the top of the bridal
reason I do it this way is I like to
have control of the horse's head so if
he tries to duck his head out anywhere I
can kind of use my arm up here on his
Pole to control him I can also put a
little bit of pressure on him if I want
him to drop his head some horses are
resistant to this so you have to be a
little bit careful but anyway I have
control of his head so it's harder for
him to get away from the bit I'm going
to take my other hand try to keep my
fingers flat move it up to where his
mouth opens that part's important I see
some people trying to put the bit in
their mouth and the bits nowhere near
their mouth so make sure it's actually
where his mouth and teeth open there now
some horses will just be easy and
they'll open their mouth for you but not
this one and not most of them going to
take your thumb I usually stick it
through the Ring of my bit and I'm
pushing on this area here if you look
there's gum here there's a couple teeth
up here and a couple way in the back but
right here there are no teeth and that's
where I'm going to put my thumb
obviously not where his teeth shut but
right here where his gum is so I'm going
to put pressure on in he opens his mouth
we're all happy I'm going to as fast as
I can put the opposite ear in and I'm
going to angle it forward it's important
that you don't bend their ears their
ears are cartilage and they don't quite
enjoy that so take their opposite ear
Bend It Forward put it in same thing
with this one bend it forward
and and then the bridal and P pull their
four lock out so that everything's just
a little bit less complicated the first
thing I'm going to do once I have it
actually on him is I'm going to lift the
brow band a little bit sometimes if it's
pulled down it'll start pulling straps
forward and that's going to change the
contact with his mouth and it's just
generally uncomfortable so I'm going to
lift that up a little bit make him look
a little bit pretty while I'm at it and
then I'm going to do the nose bit the
noseband is my favorite and I think the
most important part of the bridal mostly
because it keeps the horses mouth shut
and keeps them from pulling and
straining on the bit one thing you want
to make sure of though is that the nose
band is inside of the cheek pieces the
cheek pieces hold the bit to the rest of
the bridal so that's this is the cheek
piece now if you go fastening the nose
band over the cheek pieces bad idea go
to use your rain later and nothing will
happen very very important going to make
sure that the nose band is under the
cheek piece on this side and the other
side and that the nose band is parallel
with the horse's head excuse me
perpendicular to the horse's head so
there's a straight right angle from his
head to the nose band now this varies a
little bit some people like to give the
horses two fingers of space Dr people
are very adamant that the nose band is
very tight I'll usually tighten it quite
a bit so for
ombre I'm going to go to the Titus toll
here try to make sure the extra straps
are in the keeper so there's nothing
waving around the horse's face as you
ride so he's got a couple of fingers I'm
not not you know getting this too
terribly tight he's got a little bit of
room but not enough to pull his mouth
open and strain against the bit once I
do that I'm going to do my flash nose
band now for the flash nose band you
want it snug but not snug enough to pull
down the top part of the nose band this
is the more important one and if you
start getting this stuff getting pulled
down it actually can cut off the horses
breathing a little bit so you don't want
that you don't want to restrict this
area of their nose so I'm just going to
put that on maybe the fourth or fifth
hole making sure that the nose band is
still perpendicular with this head and
that this is sort of just an extra Mouse
shutter so it doesn't have to be too
terribly tight then we're doing the
throat latch this one is the one that
you want to be loose you start getting
this too tight your actually cutting off
the hores breathing again so you don't
want to get this back by his throat and
pushing that really tight especially if
you're going to be collecting them and
asking them to drop their head so I
usually go halfway between the horse's
cheek or jaw which is this huge huge
round piece right here go about halfway
in
between and tighten it to whatever hole
kind of makes it snug I don't want it
too long and flopping around or so so
loose that if he puts his head down he
could God forbid put his foot through it
I just want it s snug enough but not
choking then I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to take off my
halter take the rains over his head so I
can take him somewhere or wherever I
feel like taking him put the halter
usually you can set it on the ground or
you can hang it up you just don't want
to hang it too low in case some other
horse comes around and starts pawing and
gets their foot caught so we're going to
put it up nice and
high fasten
it and there's Ombre with his lovely
Bridal and his lovely settle and we are
done