bubbling your freezer or refrigerator is
an important step to take to ensure it
functions properly after I'm creating
the cabinet put on the provided casters
then move the cabinet to the spot where
it will be used in order to love the
cabinet properly once in place put a
level on atr-42 Kevin
be sure to check the level from side to
side as well as front back if the cabin
is not level use the provided castor
shanks by adding a shim to the caster on
the side that needs to be hyper it is
important to use no more than three
shims for caster always alternate the
shim openings when using more than one
and be sure to tighten the caster into
the bottom of the cabinet is flush with
the shin
thus template captured should not be
visible
[Music]
for additional assistance or questions
please contact whose technical service
department at
[Music]