good ideals diamond I don't look that's
why I show you them a something the
reason why I'm doing one they're pretty
simple to do now all I did was obviously
cut a square out the bottom there so
they can see the fire at the bottom and
triangle out the top here so that feed
the fire from here but I don't cut out
the whole thing because the fire rages
too much when you fill it up and now you
get lots of members come off with spikes
all that sort of stuff and looks just
too dry
I really worry about set the bush on
fire so restrictive like that it sort of
slows it down enough so that you can get
a good burn going and without too much
you can worry about kinetic announced on
fire also when you cut a hole it like
this is just doing holes around it you
can really guide where you want the burn
to go into and so sometimes you just
dump full you know sometimes you get a
burn on one side of it the other side
got no beard at all so I thought you
could turn your drum around and that
this one entity where the air sucked in
and you can see like basically make sure
that you get a good burn all the way
around
slightly to balance it on the on the log
on the on the stump and you know packed
it in fill it up as much as you can fill
up around the side and if you want to
use a bit of doula Festivus mark it up
quick you can whatever your choice this
stuff here so dry and I take that one is
gone and epsilen up a little bit and
then creates a little more texture so
it's a little bit like one of those very
rocket stove and not a lot of nowhere
near its efficient of course but
all right yeah we got it loaded up we're
going to do it now but it's black
[Music]
you can play that action right see how
the smokes gone straight through there
into a bit of a cowboy the
Australian going to give you that extra
clear power y know we've been at it for
about 15-20 minutes left and this
complete water tanks boot off the drum
get a bit of smoke off of the course you
know first library and Internet pain off
perfume oh no problem the smoke that you
can see right now to come into around
the the ground where it's getting really
hot and burn and it is you're getting
material in the ground as you can see
first line and that I put em nicely and
dollars bring it by us all the way
around the drums they notice been in all
the way in
good morning
I'm not then got that politics going and
every time a little brief come through
blows close in there to really get
greater than there you can see their
stunts well Ally in there let's just
look this first side of car to know the
purpose of winning in started women
expect off next week so how much in bed
just with just about one and then let it
small to them the best part about it is
the site it's easy and you know it
really is quite a feat I thought I'd do
and I start off the Stella for morning
and we'll check out what happened with
this fiber low and haven't touched it
yet so you can see exactly what it did
[Music]
been pretty good actually
[Music]
I pull him off don't really have that
I'll consider that be successful boost
tie the all-time bill it's a real winner
yep she's a winner works just the way
it's meant to hey they get yourself one
of those if you're going to remove a
stump