I folks got Weaver back from factory
truck window treatments this time we can
be working out a flat Roman shade and I
can give you a few tips and tricks that
I've learned over the years the first
thing is your lining I like to use a
nice thermal lining it's a thermal foam
lining it's it's stiffer and it makes a
better shade secondly when I cut my
thermal I like to cut it exact width of
what your shades going to be so if you
have a thirty inch wide shade cut it 30
inches wide and then in your length you
want to add four extra inches over your
finish length so again if you have like
a 40 inch long shade you'd be cutting it
44 inches long now the fabric which I
have laid out here and have the face
down on my table
I've cut that four inches over my
finished width so a 30 inch wide shade
you're going to cut 34 inches wide and
what that allows is a double one insight
and this is my site hem I'm showing you
here and I've taken as I put my lining
on and I put many pins in I want to make
sure it's held down very well so I'm
centering my lining when I have is two
inches left over on this side I'll turn
this around so you can see it I have two
inches left over here
I have two inches left over here now in
the length of my shade I've cut that 12
inches over my finished length 40 inch
long shade plus 12 would be 52 inches
now what happens is when you put your
lining on from the top it's
automatically with my formula you're
going to have eight inches left on the
bottom that's going to allow me for a
double four inch bottom hem so on your
sides that you have your four inches
left over this makes it a little easier
because you know that the width of your
lining is the width of your shade so
when you're putting in your lighting
you're going to bring your first fold up
to the lining then your second fold goes
you're learning like so then you're just
going to pin it in this makes for your
one-inch sytem
this kind of just you'll have to keep
measuring everything you know your
landings cut to the exact width once you
cut this over you're going to be darn
close
so then once you have that you go ahead
go over to your other other side of
course you want to continue it follow it
down
now you could straight stitch this but
we actually use a blind stitch machine
on this it's just a little looks a
little nicer but not everybody has a
blind stitch but if you have a blind
stitch option on your sewing machine go
ahead and use that too on this type of
fabric though if you straight stitch it
you probably won't even see it the solid
fabric sometimes with the prints you can
straight stitch so anyway that's how you
get your width of it it's as simple as
that
then at this point you'd be bringing it
over to your sewing machine you got your
hemp all in and you'll be sewing it down
then after you have this item sewed in
you're going to pin the bottom now don't
forget we've already got our eight
inches over so it's another easy click
easy because you're going to bring this
over your four inches right to the edge
of your bottom of your you're lining and
then double turn it boom just like that
you go ahead and put the pins in here
and you go ahead and sew this down then
when you're ready to mark your shape
basically going left to right you don't
want to go over any more than 10 inches
on a shade if you per ring so your rings
can't be spent I can't be spread any
further than 10 inches apart going
horizontally across and your rows going
up can can only be as much as 8 inches
up because you got a four inch hem so
you don't want this to go over your hem
line so just kind of remember when
you're sewing your rings up your sides
and across eight inches up and no more
than 10 inches 10 inch rows going across
and if you've got a real flimsy fabric
you want to keep it maybe 7 inches 7 8
inches
I say between 8 and 10 inches is is
where I want my rings spread apart now
having said that my second tip is going
to be the bottom weight bar that instead
of we use it aluminum bar we put in this
it's like a 3/8 aluminum bar but they're
fairly expensive so what you may want to
do instead of do that go to Lowe's Home
Depot Ace Hardware and get yourself a
threaded rod this is a threaded rod this
is a quarter inch threaded rod comes in
all different lengths up to 10 feet so
check your gear Lowe's or Home Depot
they're easy to cut you can cut it with
a hacksaw and they're a good weight so
keep that in mind that you know that
wood that makes an excellent bar the
second tip here is sewing on your rings
and this is a really very easy way
because I don't sell on our rings we
actually use classic crochet thread now
why classic kosh a third well it's
stronger than your regular thread and
you don't have to keep going through I
don't sew our rings on we actually tie
our rings on
so when you're ready to mark your shade
by the way this is just a sample of a
shade let's say I'm going up every eight
inches would be eight sixteen
twenty-four and of course a very bottom
one I take my thread and I pinch both
the fabric and the lining together I
bring it through like so I bring it to
the my next one so this eliminates keep
you know cutting and everything you're
just using one big long thread like so
pulling up to my next one
that's that I'll show you what that
looks like in a second cut off my excess
okay so now I got one row right across
then what you do is you're just going to
go in between each one you're going to
cut them you take your ring so a double
knot
this is so much faster and hand-sewing
not saying it doesn't take you a long
time but I think you'll find it's faster
than any type of machine that I've seen
people do on YouTube you don't have to
line anything up on your machine you're
tying them now the bottom ones the very
bottom ones you want to go ahead and
take hot glue and glue them in because
that's where the weight all your weights
going to go
you have it then you go ahead and you
just cut them down
now we're going to talk about another
savings is putting your bottom bar in
and when you put your bottom bar in you
go ahead and you can slip it in like you
normally would
now this one's you know you slip it in
this one's a little longer
I just brought enough for to show you
but anyway you would slip this in and
keep it even here but once you have it
in take hot glue and set it hand sewing
this down and you can glue the your bar
and just a little bit in there just glue
it so it doesn't move around let's check
your globe and you glue of course this
is all sewn up of course but you'll be
taking your globe going here and going
right here pressing down up and nobody
would ever see that now on the other
side where I sewed my rings you can
barely see the little dots on them and
of course you're going to want to use if
he is just a basic ivory but if I was
actually selling this for a customer I
would be using a green that would match
this or something to with match but for
just a sample this is what I do and
we're talking about the extra four
inches I was talking about up at the top
of this because then you're going to cut
your your fabric 12 inches over the
finished length that allows for your
eight inches for your bottom hem but
then you're going to have extra four
inches up here so then you're going to
go ahead get your finished length on
this draw your line across here when
you're ready and then I'm going to show
you one that's finished this is a Roman
shade already finished and the extra
four inches on the top is so you can you
can staple it on I used a piece of pine
board this is a two and a half inch wide
pine board and I drew my finish line of
course and then this is all stapled up
in the top so that's what your extra
four inches is for now the next thing
I'm going to show you in my second part
of the video
is a couple of tips on pressing your
roman shades because it's important now
that you've made your Roman shade you've
got to mount it now you're going to have
to go ahead and work it out with the
folds and pressing the folds in so
that'll be next time thank you very much
Scott Weaver from factory direct winter
treatments