[Music]
what's up YouTube friends now spring is
right around the corner and I'm sure
most of you have some of these hanging
baskets laying around somewhere you can
buy these pretty inexpensively and they
always come with those cocoa core liners
here but sometimes I have troubles
finding the right size for my basket
here so today I'm going to show you how
easy it is to make your own liners out
of burlap so the things you're gonna
need are your basket a yard to a yard
and a half of burlap now a yard is
perfect to make one liner for this size
basket but it really depends on how big
your baskets are today I'll also be
using zip ties you could also just use
wire or even those twist ties that come
in your cheap garbage bags I'll also be
using a piece of freezer paper to make a
pattern you could use newspaper or
anything like that
and some thick corrugated cardboard now
that's to make the actual template so I
could reuse this year after year and
today I'll also be using my serger if
you don't have a serger you can just go
ahead and use your sewing machine with a
zig zag stitch let's get started
now the first thing that I did was go
ahead and make a pattern now my basket
here makes it pretty easy I just want to
cut this into fourths so next all I did
was lay over my freezer paper and with a
pencil I went ahead and trace out a
quarter of the basket so you should have
something that looks like this then I
just transferred my pattern from the
paper to the cardboard and cut it out
now you can see this one's pretty jagged
I've been using this one a lot I made
sure to mark the top of the liner here
and this is the bottom of course I need
to cut four pieces and I'd like to have
a double thickness of burlap so now I'm
just gonna take my template here and I'm
gonna cut out four pieces like I said I
do have this folded in half I find that
using the double thickness of burlap
makes these last a little bit longer and
I could get about three or four years
out of one of these liners now today and
I'll just be using this neutral burlap
but if you go to Walmart they have all
kinds of colors now now with my rotary
cutter I'm just gonna cut out around my
pattern
[Music]
so now I'm just going to set up the
opposite direction here and that's just
to get the most out of my burlap and cut
up the other three pieces now that I
have my four pieces of double-thickness
burlap all cut out here it's time to sew
them together and to do that it's really
easy so I'm just gonna take one section
here I'm gonna fold it over the other
section line up my points and I'm just
gonna search right down this side here
now like I said if you don't have a
serger you could go ahead and just use a
zig zag stitch on your sewing machine I
would do a pretty wide zigzag with a
really narrow link now if you like you
can go ahead and put some pins in here
just to hold them in place and now I'll
just take you over to the serger and
show you how it's done alright guys so
I'm over here and my serger and I'm just
gonna line up the edge of my burlap with
the edge right here of my serger I'm not
really cutting off any of the burlap
alright guys so it should look like this
so I'm just gonna open up my burlap grab
my next piece I'm gonna line up the
edges here
and surge it down
now I'm just gonna continue to do that
with this final piece alright guys so
now that I have all four pieces searched
together here I like to go ahead and
just run a search all the way around the
rim of this liner just like that and
just a warning you're gonna have burlap
little fibers everywhere now at this
point I like to just go ahead and remove
the chain it tends to get in my way a
little bit
I'm gonna take my burlap liner here and
I want my Serge seams on the inside so
now I just like to take these little zip
ties like I said you could just use
those twist ties that you're getting
garbage bags or wire now I'm gonna fold
over my burlap on one of these bars and
then I'm just gonna thread my zip tie
through the burlap
on one side of the bar here and then
through the other side just like that
now just tighten up your zip tie alright
guys I'm going to continue to do that to
each one of these posts and just to make
sure that it's somewhat even I'm just
gonna go across to the opposite side and
as you can see here I'm only folding
over about a half inch of the burlap
here you just want enough just to secure
it into place alright guys so it should
look like this so now I'm just going to
go ahead and clip off any of the extra
zip tie and finally I'm just going to
reattach my chain here and that's how
easy it is to make a burlap liner for
these hanging baskets now as you can see
it is a little baggy right now but once
it gets full of dirt and your plants
it'll mold just nicely to fit your
basket form here now this type of
hanging basket dries out pretty fast so
I always like to use the moisture
control miracle-gro potting mix it
contains those little gel balls that
absorbs the water that way in the heat
of summer your plants will have enough
water now I can get about three or four
years use if I'm really careful out of
one of these liners when I use those
coconut husk ones I was lucky to get a
year's use out of them the birds looked
tearing apart to make their nest I hope
you give this project a try
if you like this project and want to see
more of my projects go down below and
hit the big red subscribe button and
give this video a big thumbs up if you
have a question about this project or
getting my other projects or just like
to leave a suggestion for a future
upcoming video leave me a comment if
you'd like to be notified as to when I
post a video go down below and hit the
bell button head on over to Scrappy's
patch on Facebook and hit that friend
button if you want to share creative
ideas and pictures of your projects
feel free to share this video crash your
social medias and as always thanks for
watching happy gardening and I'll see
you next time
[Music]