and in this video we're going to show
you the process of making one of our
designs we make all sorts of jewelry
sterling silver jewelry but we
specialize in wedding bands yeah so we
make sensible wedding bands for people
all over the world custom sized from
recycled sterling silver so we hope you
enjoyed this video and it gives you a
little bit of insight into the work that
goes into making your piece of ethereal
jewelry the first thing we have to do
when we're making a ring is to select
the right shape and size of silver wire
then we grab our sizing sheet and work
out exactly how long we need to cut that
piece of silver in order to end up with
the correct size ring we work in full
half and quarter sizes so we have to get
it right from the beginning then we use
our little jewelry drop saw to cut the
silver to the correct length and then
it's on to annealing which is where we
heat up the silver in order to make it
soft enough so that we can bend it and
actually form the ring then we pop it
into our pickle which cleans the scale
off of the ring from the soldering
process and so we pop it in there in the
warmth for a few minutes and that just
cleans the scale off it then we do
whatever else we need to do so we might
put a texture in the ring or on the ring
we might stamp a message if you have
bought one of our secret message rings
if we stamp a message on the inside and
once that's finished it's time to
actually shape the ring so you can see
we're showing you a few different ring
designs throughout this video just as an
example of some of the stuff that we
make this is one of the trickiest parts
because you have to get the two ends of
the ring to line up perfectly before you
solder it together otherwise you risk
having an unstable join that won't hold
up to the test of time so this is a
really important part of the process
then after we've got it all nice and
perfect it's back to the soldiering
block again and this is where we
actually
solder the ring together so we use a
solder pickup which is that long thin
thing and on the end of that is a little
piece of solder and so we heat up the
ring and then we put the solder onto the
join and then we keep heating it up with
our soldering torch until the solder
flows so then it flows and coats and
fills the join and that's what puts the
ring together then it's back in a pickle
again to clean off the scale from the
second soldiering this is a really
important step otherwise it would be a
lot of work for us to get all of the
darkness and the scale of the ring from
the soldering process so it goes back in
to the warm bath for a few minutes then
it's time to start cleaning up the ring
so we file it to get rid of any extra
solder that's on the ring we have to do
that on the inside and the outside and
the sides and we'll often we will often
also use sandpaper and then we hammer it
to get it to basically a round state and
then after we've got it round we go to
our sizing machine and as you can see
this is what helps us to make sure that
the ring is exactly the right size so we
usually find it so you know it's a
little bit smaller when you first put it
together and then you have to size up to
the correct size we used to do this by
hand by hammering it and it was a lot
more work and then it's off to a final
sand and a file of the inside edges so
that they're not sharp and then
depending on what finish you're putting
on the ring we might high shine it which
is what we're doing here so shining it
on our buffing wheel and which is kind
of messy job you can see the stuff on
next fingers there and then if we could
do a high shine we have to clean it off
with soap and an old toothbrush to get
rid of all of that material or we might
be oxidizing a ring so we heat up our
oxide and then we pop the ring in and it
turn
to that dark gray black color that you
can see in the video here then we might
have to take some of that back off if
we've made you a secret message ring and
we polish the ring up and then it's time
to pack it up for you so we pop it on a
little backing card there and then once
we've done that we pop it inside of
another envelope to keep it nice and
safe during its journey from us to you
and if you have also ordered a ring a
wedding ring office we like to put a
little final touch on there and we seal
it with some sealing wax for you
so this is quite a nice little process
of putting a seal on it like they used
to do in the old days to hold it
together and our little seal that we use
is actually two rings so we pop that on
there until it's nice and secure let it
dry out most hardened and then the last
step of course is to wrap it in a bow
for you and Nick is a master bowtie er
if there was a certificate for this he
probably would have earned it because he
has tied thousands of bows over the last
few years for our customers and he's
quite particular about making sure it's
just right so he'll fiddle with that and
he'll cut it to length and play around
with it until it looks just right
and it's ready to go in a bubble mailer
and ship wherever you are in the world
from us to you
you