what's up YouTube's I just want to share
with you a quick little easy recipe to
make tilapia all you do is just use
these ingredients right here I got a
little bit of peppercorn time accent
garlic season salt soy sauce and then
lemon all you're gonna do is you're just
basically rub it on there as you can see
here and then preset your oven to 350
degrees Fahrenheit and then set your
timer to about 25 minutes all right
finally add a little bit of the soy
sauce onto it and then some lemon slices
they give a little bit of flavor there
so stay tuned and I'll show you what it
looks like efforts done cooking all
right so it's all done cooking still
steaming up here as you can see but
definitely try out this recipe and give
me some feedback I know it definitely
does taste good but only you will know
once you try this recipe yourself so
hope y'all enjoyed the video and if you
have any questions that you comment
below but as always thank y'all for
watching