caramelized onions do take a little time
but once you learn how to make them your
future recipes will never be the same
these will turn onion haters and onion
lovers and I've seen at first hand the
normally pungent bite of raw onions
transforms into sweet velvet carnally
goodness that will kick up your burgers
hot dogs meatloaf or anything else you
can think of I'll show you the
difference between grilled and
caramelized onions so that you can know
when you're getting the real thing at a
restaurant or the passable version due
to time constraints so grab a cup of hot
cocoa it's time to caramelize some magic
in mrs. kringles kitchen
before cutting your onions dampen a
paper towel and wring it out put it on
the table in front of you and then place
your cutting board on top of the damp
towel so that it doesn't move all your
cutting you don't need to pay more for
pre peeled onions I'll show you an easy
way to quickly peel the skin off keep
the root disc intact and slice off the
top of the onion bulb gently slice
through the first thin layer of skin
from the cut to the root disc peel back
the corner and gently work your way back
to the root as you turn the onion it'll
save you a convenience charge and it
takes just a few extra seconds to do
discard the skins and repeat with the
other onions using the root disks side
as your stabilizer carefully cut the
onion into about 1/4 inch slices so that
you can make onion rings make sure to
hold the onion securely as you cut and
never force the knife if you're not
confident in your cutting skills you can
slice off about a quarter inch of the
side of the onion and use it as a base
so that the onion doesn't wobble as you
cut when you get to the point where
you're nearing the end you can cut off
the root disc and then carefully slice
the rest of the onion
repeat this with the other onions to
only push the onions out of their slice
form to make rings so that they cook
evenly to a medium heat skillet add two
tablespoons of olive oil and coat the
bottom of the skillet add your onion
rings and spread out evenly if your
onions are stacked really high don't
worry about it they will reduce
significantly cook for about 10 to 15
minutes to get an initial softening
going on with a pair of tongs or fork
toss the onions to coat in the olive oil
you may already see some color change
happening on some of the smaller ones
move any large or raw onions to the
middle reduce the heat to medium-low
which would be about 3 or 4 on your dial
and let them cook for another 15 minutes
add 2 tablespoons of water and stir the
onions around to try to move them toward
the middle of the pan cover with a lid
to trap the moisture even if you don't
have a lid that fits completely as long
as the majority of the onions are
covered you're good to go and cook for
15 more minutes
toss the onions again and swirl in any
brown parts because that is the
caramelization and the sugars forming
and you want to stop up all of that
flavor move to the middle add 2 more
tablespoons of water and cover with the
lid cook for 15 more minutes and watch
the bubbly goodness start to form
at this point this is what many
restaurants would call caramelized
onions but they're typically just
grilled onions with a slight bit of
sweetness they're not wrong but they're
missing the most important step but
you're not going to because you're
patient and awesome and know that 15
more minutes is worth it move the onions
to the middle of the pan for a final
time and cover with a lid for 10 to 15
minutes you'll see the last of the water
releasing which is why we didn't add
more and this is where the magic is
happening toss the onions well and the
brown caramelized bits in the skillet to
finish off the process this picks up
every last bit of sweetness that will
blow your mind I know it took a while
but you're ready to enjoy them
caramelized onions are quite possibly
one of the best things ever not only is
it great on meats and sandwiches but you
can add it to mashed potatoes or
casseroles or a number of other savory
dishes to give an amazing depth of
flavor that you won't believe you'll be
tempted to eat them by the sweet velvety
spoonful and I couldn't possibly
discourage that I like to make these
when I'm cleaning up the kitchen or I'm
already making dinner so that I can get
two things done at once
just set the timer and make sure that
you're there to stir and toss the onions
when needed and you'll have an amazing
culinary treat under your belt to take
your other dishes to the next level if
you like this recipe give it a thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe for more
home baked goodness straight from mrs.
kringles kitchen
you