[Music]
hi I'm Rena Greenberg with easy
willpower calm thank you so much for
joining me here I love giving you tips
and hints to help you on your weight
loss journey one of my favorite foods is
avocado avocados are so nutritious
they're actually considered to be almost
the perfect food they have protein they
have healthy fat they have complex carb
loaded with fiber but there's an issue
with avocado that if you're an avocado
lover like me you've probably noticed as
soon as you cut open an avocado if
you're lucky enough to get it perfectly
green avocado
pretty good huh but here's the issue
what if you only want half the avocado
well I had heard if you keep the pit in
it it's gonna keep it nice and fresh
that has not worked for me then I heard
that you put lemon juice on and it'll
keep it fresh that didn't work for me
either
so I have an awesome tip for you today
that really really works all you do is
take an onion it could be any kind of
onion could be organic onion could be a
red onion a yellow onion a white onion
you take this onion and you chop it into
little pieces and then we're gonna peel
the onion then when you've done that you
have all your little pieces you just put
it in a container with the avocado and
you cover it with the onion and it's
like magic it stays fresh and green for
days so you can go back tomorrow and
have the other half of your avocado so
you can follow my best advice eat only
when you're physically hungry you don't
have to force yourself to eat a whole
avocado at one time or end up throwing
it away
so enjoy your delicious avocado comment
and let me know how this tip works for
you please join me at easy willpower
calm or you will find so many recipes
affirmations self-hypnosis strategies to
help you change the way you think about
food subconsciously so you actually
prefer healthy food and you can get off
that vicious diet cycle so join me at
easy willpower calm and voila
there you go beautiful stays fresh and
green for days
enjoy check out easy willpower comm for
powerful tips and strategies to live
healthy eat happy and feel beautiful
[Music]