what season is it it's always the season
to season your cast iron every trip
every time stick around I'm gonna show
you my favorite tools to use
[Music]
I know what season idiot it is the
season 2 season year round if you're
using cast iron and I hope you are
because it is the best thing to cook out
of in the entire world
you need to clean it properly dry it out
good heat it up and season it every time
you use it
every time not once a week not once a
month but every time you get finished
with a meal so I'm gonna give you some
of the favorite oils that I like to use
but first of all I want to tell you if
what you're using hasn't created a
problem and it's not sticking and it
don't taste bad I'm not trying to change
your mind I'm just telling you to keep
at it make sure it's clean make sure you
re seasoning but some of my favorites
are I live oil now when you do this with
olive oil and I hear some of you out
there huller it's a it's a low smoke
point Kent you don't know what you're
talking about I'm a slow and go man you
can ask an even when I pull up to the
stoplight it's slow even if it's red and
then I go I'm a slow and go man you know
what if you cook something in here we
got to clean it out then we got to put
it on a heat surface I'm probably gonna
put it on old berths over make sure that
it gets warm enough to season and by
that I'm talking it needs to be above
212 degrees nights ticking the thermo
meter in there I'm just touching it with
my finger cuz it's got to be hot enough
to accept seasoning if you go to
seasoned with some oil and you pour it
in there and it is smoking you have
defeated your purpose let it cool off
just a little bit now this is ready to
go we'd pour just a tad in there in this
little about as big as a quarter at the
most lint-free rag never a paper towel
bottom besides we're ready to go
skillets probably don't have as much
trouble as dutch ovens because skillets
get used more and more all the time
ever meal sometimes you got a cast-iron
skillet you may not be using this Dutch
oven unless you're out there camping or
something but this dutch ovens about the
same on our seasoning method when I go
to season a Dutch oven it's the same
thing I got to get it hot enough to
accept that seasoning that's one reason
I really like olive oil in a Dutch oven
is if you're not using this a lot and
you store it with the lid
and you using some old lard or something
like that it can begin to smell a little
rented olive oil won't do that because
it's like them old-timers say it's gonna
leave them up and it's pretty sweet and
it will do that what's so good about
olive oil is it's readily available
nearly everywhere I bet most of you got
some sitting right there in your cabinet
look about one of them other oils that I
really like it is something that is
really good for cast especially if it's
cast that you're having to reese's and
restart over say it was full of rust and
we had to get all that other and we're
building seasoning up from the burr
product to where we want to start that
good finish that is flex seed oil now it
is really good at a high temperature it
bonds to cast iron really well and it
will make you a slick hard finish so if
you're just starting out with a piece of
iron that's new or that you've had to
refurbish to get the rust out of or
clean because something stuck in it real
bad and you threw it in the fire start
with this flaxseed oil same principle
just today I've bought them sides same
way in a Dutch oven if you're having to
do it now I will tell you this is more
expensive than this and sometimes I
can't find this but I will tell you this
you can go to the health food store get
you some of them flaxseed caplets take
you about three of them cut the ends of
them off squirt them in there you got
flexi dough the reason I like to use
that is like I said start that good base
get you a good foundation of seasoning
that you're building up and it will
start to dark and it was starting to get
slick but after that I'm probably gonna
go back to using this olive oil because
it is cheaper for me to use but you can
always rely on this so stuff if you're
having something that's flaking off due
to you cooking a really acidic food or
something that's got a lot of acid in it
and you see it begin to turn loose some
of your seasoning on the outside go back
to using that flaxseed oil build that
seasoning up you get her back where you
wanna go to this olive oil every time
every day it will be good so if some of
you folks are wondering about how to
start this rebuilding this seasoning
back up with flaxseed oil we got a guide
right down here below you can go to to
find out we got one more all over here
and it's just an old cheap vegetable oil
now sure you got to take care of the
outside of them skillets and them dutch
ovens both but it's got to be hot again
it's got to be hot enough to accept that
seasoning underneath the lid on top
round that Dutch oven under the bottom
because if you're sitting close to the
ground there's any moisture you're gonna
get rust if you don't keep eye on that
so make sure you give it a good
seasoning hey once a month something
like that but clean it off every time
you use it and if you want to hey boiler
down before you quit it'll last you
forever the reason you can use a cheap
oil on the outside is wind got no food
out here it's not affecting the way that
anything tastes or it has to be nonstick
we're trying to prevent rust more than
anything else this cheap oil or any
cheap vegetable oil will do that
remember my rule of thumb in all five
toes and six fingers is never put
nothing in your cast iron you can't put
in your mouth there's a lot of stuff out
there I see it now advertised squirt it
in there come out of a tube spray it on
there it's called pre seasoning read on
the ingredient list it will probably
tell you do not ingest or don't swallow
it ain't good for you might cause
diarrhea or cramps or even abdominal
pain in your eardrums so don't use that
stuff use some of this stuff we know
that works you'll be good as gold can my
mother's time back in the olden days
when everybody was seasoning and my
mother seasoned ever trips she did what
you use pure hog lard now that was a
little different than what we got today
because that was hoe killing day and we
rendered lard out mama she had to clean
it up there she used bacon grease mama
even had to all the sewing machine with
bacon grease we was fond of it
everywhere we went so if you got
something that's working use it but be
careful if you get that rancid smell if
you store a Dutch oven too long and then
eat it can even happen in a skillet if
you got it laying upside down somewhere
where it ain't getting there get you
some of this olive oil some flax seed
oil
but always remember get some cast iron
get it clean get it rinse get it
seasoned get it to the fire and start
cooking
never fear cast-iron unless your wife
has it in this position fixing to hit
you
thank y'all for stopping by the wagon
today we hope that you learned something
have a blessed day and subscribe
time to build seasoning up and re season
after that and there's a gnat in my ear
mercy hey a whole lot of buzzing going
on in there