hey guys today we're gonna be making one
of my favorite meal prep recipes it's a
cinnamon raisin baked oatmeal now this
recipe is definitely gluten free it is
not vegan because we do use an egg but
it is vegetarian and for the most part
if you're paleo you are gonna be eating
some oats oh come on get over it you can
eat yourself some gluten-free oats meal
prepping is super important if you're
trying to lose weight this is because
when you map out what you're going to
have it's easier to stay on course with
your weight loss goals or whatever else
your health goals may be I love meal
prepping when I am trying to stick to a
certain plan it's really helpful
especially when you have a busy week
coming up so I recommend making this
recipe on Sunday and then you're gonna
have breakfast or Monday through
Thursday so first we're gonna combine
the wet ingredients we're gonna need
wine and banana one whole egg include
the yolk that's where the nutrients are
two cups of almond or cashew milk
whatever you want I'm using the soap
cashew milk today because they sent me
some samples to try and I'm pretty
obsessed with it it's really creamy and
yummy and then we're gonna add a
teaspoon of vanilla extract we're not
using any added sugar here if you want
it a little bit sweeter you can add some
honey or agave if you like then we're
gonna mash this all up together and stir
it around in a separate Bowl you are
going to combine two cups of oats one
teaspoon of baking powder not soda
baking powder almost a full teaspoon of
cinnamon I'm gonna kind of eyeball it
here I'm gonna add in some raisins again
I'm just gonna eyeball it here about a
quarter cup and we're also gonna add in
some walnuts for some heart-healthy fats
now if you don't like raisins you can
add cranberries if you don't like
cranberries you could add dried
blueberries combine this so that the
baking powder is
a uniform throughout and then we're
gonna add in our liquid we're gonna stir
this up you can get on any last clumps
that you might have missed with the
bananas you're gonna pour your mixture
into a 8 by 8 or 9 by 9 pan or you could
even use a pie pan like I have lastly
we're gonna cut up a full banana and
we're just gonna place the banana slices
on top to make it look nice and pretty
and we're gonna sprinkle it with
cinnamon this makes for hearty servings
so you can eat this with some peanut
butter you could eat it with a little
bit of Greek yogurt you could have a
side of eggs with it you can heat it up
whatever you want it's awesome so this
recipe is so easy it takes literally
like five minutes to put together 30
minutes in the oven and then you have
four five six servings right here
excluding it's delicious you can get the
nutrition info down below it's perfect
for any clean diet and I like to put
them in each serving in little plastic
baggies and then I grab one on my way to
work hopefully you enjoyed this video
for more meal prep ideas or other lunch
ideas stay tuned to the end of the video
and click on one of the fabulous
thumbnails