[Music]
welcome to the nespresso assistance
video on descaling your Latty simapro
machine to obtain a perfect cup of
coffee time after time we recommend that
you discard your lattissima pro machine
when needed according to your
consumption profile as well as the water
hardness you have set in the machine the
machine will trigger a descaling alert
visible in the display if your
consumption profile is made mostly of
cappuccino latte macchiato and hot water
then the descaling alert will come
earlier than if you do only coffee the
Nespresso Club offers you a descaling
kit that is specifically designed for
your Nespresso machine you'll see how
simple it is to descale your machine
first turn on your machine the machine
heats up for approximately 25 seconds
enter the menu by pressing the gears
button browse the options and select
descaling a short text appears on the
display indicating the approximate time
needed for the entire process confirm
this message by pressing the validation
button now if you are ready you can
continue to prepare your machine you
will be guided throughout the whole
process
just follow the Machine display
instructions first remove any capsules
then empty the capsule container and
drip tray fill the water tank with the
Nespresso descaling solution and 500
milliliters of water
insert the hot water nozzle place a
container holding up to one liter under
the coffee outlet and the hot water
nozzle now you can start the descaling
cycle the descaling solution flows
alternately through the coffee outlet
hot water nozzle and drip tray once the
descaling is finished you will start the
rinsing cycle empty and rinse the drip
tray and capsule container
[Music]
thoroughly rinse out the water tank
[Music]
[Music]
refill it with fresh drinking water up
to max level
[Music]
place a container holding up to one
liter under the coffee outlet and the
hot water nozzle now you can start the
rinsing cycle press the validation
button to confirm the water flows
alternately through the coffee outlet
hot water nozzle and drip tray until the
water tank runs empty once the rinsing
process is finished the Machine switches
off automatically rinse the hot water
nozzle and clean it with a damp cloth
you have now finished descaling your
lattissima pro machine you can now
continue to enjoy our range of conclu
specifically designed to optimise the
extraction quality of your machine and
guarantee the ultimate Nespresso coffee
quality Cup after cup
[Music]