I'm gonna make you a world with these
two hands today enough memories and
laughs and no but I create stitch up a
quick pair of pajama pants for your
cutie this is a free pdf pattern
starting at size six months and going up
to seven years follow along and I'll
show you how to sew these from start to
finish I'm using cozy flannel fabric
from fat quarter shop comm I really love
these gender-neutral prints because they
would work for any of my kids it's a
good idea to wash and dry flannel fabric
before sewing first visit made by
marzipan calm to print the free pajama
pattern there are two different files
one has sizes six months to three years
and the other has sizes four to seven
years be sure that your printer settings
are set to no margins no scaling to
ensure the pattern prints the proper
size the pattern with the smaller sizes
prints on four pages
cut out the pieces on the outermost line
then tape together alphabetically with a
at top I'll be sewing a pair of pajama
pants in size three using five funky
monkeys buy Moda fabrics available at
fat quarter shop comm the larger pattern
prints on five pages assemble
alphabetically as shown
you
I'll be using this blue foxes by cloud9
organics to sew pajama pant in size 5
this is also available at fat quarter
shop comm you can trim the paper pattern
to the correct sizing line or you can
fold the paper back along the correct
sizing line as you would with a tissue
paper pattern fold the fabric in half
parallel to the selvage pin the pattern
with a straight edge along the fold then
cut out using fabric scissors when you
come to the triangles on the pattern cut
a pointed triangle extending past the
pattern to assist you in matching later
cut a second piece as you did the first
now we'll hem the leg openings this is
the end farthest from the curve fold up
a half inch and press then fold up
another inch and press again so with a
quarter inch seam along the top edge of
the folds repeat for the second piece
next we'll sew up the sides of the legs
fold the fabric in half right types
together matching up the triangles pin
so the long straight edge below the
curve with a 5/8 inch seam repeat for
the other piece turn one leg right side
out slide it into the other piece so
right sides of the fabric are touching
align the hem two cuffs at bottom and
pin matching up the seams
repeat for the curved portion
so down the curve area with a 5/8 inch
seam notch the curves it's a good idea
to reinforce all the interior seams with
a zigzag or overcast stitch to prevent
fraying finally we'll make the waistband
with one pant leg still inside the other
fold the top edge down a half inch and
press then fold down another inch and
press again to don't don't don't be
afraid to anything don't don't don't
don't miss a chance to be creative don't
try this begin sewing about an inch past
the center seam so with a quarter inch
stitch along the bottom edge of the fold
to create a casing for the elastic stop
sewing about an inch before the center
seam creating a two inch opening for the
elastic you'll notice the recommended
linked for elastic listed along with the
sizing on the pattern cut a piece of 3/4
inch wide elastic and then thread
through the casing using a safety pin
pin both ends of elastic together as you
adjust the fabric evenly around the
waistband
then layer the elastic ends and so about
a half inch in using a zig zag stitch
back stitch to reinforce tuck the
elastic ends into the waistband if you'd
like you can add a tag before stitching
the hole shut
press to achieve crisp scenes that's it
super quick super simple and super cozy
I made eight pairs of these in a day for
the grandkids at a family reunion to
find the perfect print for your pajamas
visit fat quarter shop comm to download
the free sewing pattern visit my website
made by marzipan calm and search for
pajama pants