yeah whose palm you guys are doing this
content don't forget to like this
content right here also click on the
bell be a part of the notification
walking around the store or the grocery
store today and look what I found is
this the new generation of fur guys I'm
pumped try this if you guys live in
Canada I found this at superstore days
so check it out
reading this right now it says ready to
use do not dilute simple as this guys is
this the new generation of I don't
know I'll put it to the test guys and
now tell you I'll tell you my review on
this you can't have foot without wall
being or ball you or Vietnamese beef
balls next we get our herbs and onions
or aromatics right
just gonna thinly slice some to the side
we got cilantro basil right there a
green onion I'm actually prompt just to
try this out guys right off the bat when
I smelt it it just smelt like a beef
stock they said it didn't have some star
nice and rolls and everything but I did
not smell it
but I'm just pumped to try it maybe your
taste comes out when you eat it but the
smell wasn't there who knows it might be
the new generation of fun guys I don't
know fastly we just got some also custom
given spots right here and there it is
guys this is your aromatics for faux
never have fun without these aromatics
if you guys are eating foot without just
aromatics you guys doing lastly our beef
so I just got this little frozen here
and all we're gonna do is cut this as
thin as possible so this cut is a round
I make sure you have a very sharp knife
just put our together okay so the
brand I'm using today is called bun foot
duty all I'm gonna do take this it's
already been hydrated just gonna dump it
into the pool I don't care if you can
swim ya lookin time for this guy's only
takes 30 seconds that's for this into my
bowl so we got our raw beef which was
just gonna place on our foot
so the hot broth when it gets touched
the beef is gonna cook guys so we don't
worry about the raw beef throw some
onions on top meatball
broth is boiling nothing to it dump it
in guys
so I did not had any fish sauce or
anything into this broth here I just
added the meatball and hopefully it
comes out tasty cilantro green onion
going in and I set this up right now and
eat it so we got our bean sprouts we got
our lime we got our Thai basil break
that in because some sriracha we got
some poison poison guys with each not
poison mm-hmm a lot of guys always mix
up with that poison not poison all right
let's do this
stir this up back she doesn't want to be
feeling guys have to say she doesn't
feel pretty I think she went to get the
fish sauce I'm pretty sure she went to
fish sauce 100% all right I want to do
this for it so I just got the broth
right here I want to taste it does it
have the taste of guys take the first
sip of this quick time
nice I'm palm so Campbell's I see how
close you are with the pho broth yeah
it definitely needs this sauce hmm let's
try it with the flow
it kind of just has a let me say that's
this broth right here this rock right
here kind of just has a light beefy
taste to it try again with the tart
taste to it it does not have a taste
like but kinda has like a cup no kind of
feel it like a very light char beef
taste but anyways guys this is the setup
or the hoisin and sriracha and
everything nice yeah you know what guys
noodles it's quick time it's very very
lack meaning I don't know what lack
means it's lack plain very plain very
plain
so the ingredients for this is water
sugar depth horse was dexterous mmm foot
flavor wire natural flavor ease extract
salt vegetable juice onion mushroom leak
absorbing acid spice extract clove star
star anise ginger cinnamon onion oil and
salt so that's a lot of a lot of stuff
that that is not in butter like the
dexterous I don't know what dexterous is
yeast extract that slope mmm here's the
thing what taste guys the thing about
like I said back in the day bathroom my
old episode the word authentic does make
me cringe the thing behind authentic
dough when you make something authentic
you're gonna need the foundation down or
the base you need to base down before
you build it up so for fun like I said
you need to start nice close the
cinnamon beef stock are the beef bones
chart onion the chart ginger the fish
sauce mostly the fish sauce for this
then once you've got the base down for
the foundation now then you build it up
however you want first you need the
foundation or the base down first you
need the base you need the foundation
outer edge then you build it up
is this the new generation of up or the
new way of up no I'm sorry
the thing about this is when I read it
it says do not or it says ready-to-use
do not dull do I think even you put any
water in it'll still taste black let's
bury that just laughing
it's definitely missing fish sauce
overall it does have a nice light beef
taste to it I think Campbell's has to do
this with this they have to accommodate
for the noodles and the meat the broth
is like I said the broth by itself has
its own body iridium
but when added into the noodles and the
meat it does not balance out so I like
my cam with it because I think camel
does do a good job with soup I like the
part where they don't overseason it
because it's just a taste and adjust for
your own liking but on the side here it
says ready to use and do not dilute but
I don't know
cooking is just adjusting to your own
flavor and I think this is why camel did
this is because we have to adjust for
our own flavor or just to go home like
didn't I say a few shots of fish sauce
well Matt or now walking mom dad so Matt
wound Wanaka pneumonia so she added fish
sauce serves
yeah I think that's the only thing
Pamela made us they give you the base of
the foot Rock mmm but the but Rob can
use this guy taste and adjust for you
all night
[Applause]
I knew she put the softeners all I know
still tasty my review on foot rock from
Campbell's would I do this again would I
buy this again and make it for my family
you guys know the answer most likely not
just because more what's that weird
heartwarming when you do make it your
own at home you just put all that love
and time into your foot broth so
Campbell's out of ten on your foot we're
off and being the best give you guys
five oh five I really like the concept I
think their concept is you throw it in
and you just it's pretty much what
cooking is you taste and adjust for your
own liking you poured in you seasoned
for your own liking and I kind of like
that but it does says ready to use and
do not dilute my anyways well five is a
good number I'll say I want to say in
the first of you getting of it all it
kind of tastes like an instant noodles
you know when you rip up an instant
noodle beef broth packaging and you add
it to your water that's what it tastes
like but water down like pretty much you
overfill your noodles with water and
that's why I taste like mm-hmm
enjoy this one don't forget to subscribe
you have it also don't forget to pick up
one your shirts like to share this come
see could buy your brand she's always
ready to say goodbye to you guys or
hello and good morning thank you right
right