hi guys today on Davidson cook I have
with me Ethan say - hey he's gonna help
me do my voiceover today he's very
excited so I don't know how it's gonna
go y'all
all right we're making cheesy orzo
because it is one of his favorite meals
so let's go alright so the first we're
gonna do is put our butter into a
saucepan Ethan did such a good job doing
this like then melt the butter in the
pot yes you want to make sure you melt
the butter which is what Ethan is lit
right now he's stirring it up and then
go on not yeah we have to let that
butter melt and then we're going to add
in our onions remember that part yeah oh
yeah yeah we edit all those onions in
and then we're gonna stir those onions
okay okay we're gonna stir those Ethan I
can do a voiceover if you're talking we
got to take turns talking okay we're
gonna stir the onions up until they are
nice and tender be like onions you know
like I use Oh next we're gonna add in
some garlic do you like garlic they
can't see you moving your head do you
like garlic yes or no you never tasted
it when it was in the or zone did you
know that we're gonna put our garlic in
there and stir it up until that garlic
it's nice and fragrant and next what is
this Ethan oh you and Isaac love orzo
they're always asking me to make orzo my
orzo so if you have kids you've never
tried orzo try it you you know you guys
might like it okay so now we're gonna
just stir this Orzel up and get it nice
and toasty mid-may we already added the
garlic Ethan you remember that yeah we
edit Carly I'm gonna get it nice and
toasty in golden don't want to burn it
just wanna toast it up a little bit and
then we're gonna add in what is that do
you remember she can brought one of my
favorites I love chicken broth we're
gonna add that chicken broth in there
and then we're going to stir it up and
bring it to a
light symma I think you're getting kind
of tired right there even yours kind of
chickened out on me
who are you tired of making the words up
I'm gonna bring that to a simmer we're
gonna cover it up and then we're gonna
simmer it for about 10 to 15 minutes
just until that broth is absorbed and I
stole a little Ethan away I ran off with
you Ethan's you see that part he's not
ready check it now he's on the floor
playing guys all right okay so now all
that broth has absorbed so now we're
gonna add in some cheese I'm using wait
a minute
if I add the cheese yet oh no I'm just
starting it up okay now here comes the
cheese Ethan's adding the cheese you
think it over here and finishes well why
do you plan on the bed what's so silly
okay you missed your part with yours
adding the cheese in yeah you and it
ended stomach don't play the microphone
you add it in the cheese and we had we
use Parmesan Colby jack and I think some
mild cheddar cheese use whatever kind of
cheese you like you know go ahead and
stir that up and then look ya'll look
how good this look it is so good orzo is
a pasta it looks like a rice looks like
rice but it's actually possible okay
they're not adding in some parsley for
decoration and then avoid silly we are
done Ethan we did this whole voiceover
and one take we thought not one time in
that cool
what well it was long in one minute but
we didn't stop the UM we didn't stop all
right and that's it you guys I hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe later
say bye Ethan bye alright you guys Ethan
miss Gary do his very first voice over
leave behind you hey hey excuse me I'll
go up to my friend boys over yes your
first whatever are you excited yeah you
are
yeah yeah sorry for my first boy well do
you know what you're gonna say yes what
you gonna say you'll see okay and this
is my setup right here nothing fancy at
all yeah all right you ready to get
started yeah well I'm gonna show you how
to get started