all right we've got one of our new
shower trays ready to go solid stone
shower base oh you don't have any grout
lines and I'm going to show you what we
do to finish them so you can see this
this is polished and then this is ground
down right here it's really it's really
almost like a fine grit sandpaper so
it's not slippery now we use a product
there's different brands of it this is
called stone shield color enhancer and
sealer 10x agent makes this product and
what this product is gonna do it's gonna
seal the surface as well as bring out
the dark colors it's gonna make it look
like it's wet Dana go ahead and apply
some of this so we can see what it looks
like so that's like a spray-on spray off
go ahead and wipe it across
so this does two things it seals that's
a pretty topical surface sealer it's
it's not as effective as a product like
hydration so for a marble shower floor
we're gonna recommend Hydra shield where
a professional comes to your house they
seal it and they're gonna warranty this
when you're sealing just about anything
you're gonna want to make sure that you
use cleaning agents that aren't too
acidic or aren't too basic so the sealer
lasts really common question we get is
how often do I need a reseal well that
depends entirely on how you're cleaning
it if you're using some abrasive
chemicals to clean it you're gonna be
resealing once a year once every year
and a half if if you're using some stuff
that was really intended for countertops
you may seal once and never have to
steal again so you see the left side
daniel has color enhanced he's applied
the color enhancer and you can see how
much darker and more vivid the blacks
are will probably go over this one more
time give it a second coat because of
how absorbent this material is that's
that