hello everyone today I would like to
show you how to decorate glass candle
holder with rice paper perhaps you could
use it in the garden and enjoy candle
light while drinking glass of wine on
summer evenings I have these two
gorgeous holders which I got from
car-boot sale for a couple of pounds
about a year ago my plan is to cover top
of the dish with rice paper and create
brass effect on base first we need to
draw leafs around base wood pan and then
cover them with relief paste i will be
using white Relius paste
when everything is dry we can start
gluing rice paper remember that you need
to tear paper with fingers for better
blending as you can see my roses are
quite large and the glass is round so I
need to tear images towards the center
to avoid wrinkles now we can start
gluing apply glue under the pictures as
well as on top
start from the middle and work your way
around by pressing brush really hard to
smooth and imperfections it doesn't
matter that edges cover each other this
won't be visible when we finish our
project if you don't tear large images
towards the center and start gluing on
round surfaces you will end up with
horrible wrinkles
at this point we need to cover the rest
of our dish with white plain rice paper
prepare it by tearing it for smaller and
larger piece larger pieces for gluing I
strongly recommend small flat brush make
sure to apply glue under the paper as
well as on top pressing your brush hard
to avoid air bubbles rice paper is
perfect for beginners as it's very thin
and strong at the same time even if
something goes wrong you can lift it up
and start from the scratch as usual
links to all the supplies I used and
much more can be found in the
description under this video for
international posting you will need to
read our Terms & Conditions
now we can remove excess paper around
the edges this time I will be using
sharp knife but sandpaper would work as
well please check that edges are glued
properly if not this is the time to fix
this
I've also decided to add more details
around the base by applying more
relative based
you
when everything was properly dry
I painted my candleholder with white
primer twice using brush and sponges if
you like it like that you could finish
at this point
you
next step is varnishing because I plan
to add wax based on my base I apply only
two or three coats of varnish there and
no sanding as this will damage my value
top part will need more coats with
sanding between three layers and we
repeat these steps until we are happy
with the finish I hope this makes sense
to you
now we need to cover top part with
masking tape
it is important to apply wax paste on
top of varnish not the other way around
use your universal tool which are your
fingers to do so
you
I've decided to use this great more wax
paste but this didn't look good with my
roses so I covered it with brass wax
paste
don't forget about top edge
a differ and up liquid pairs around
agent flowers and your candle holder is
ready
now you can pour yourself a glass of
wine
light the candle and relax thank you for
watching and don't forget don't forget
to subscribe to my channel or follow me
on Facebook thanks bye
you
you