hello my name is Peter Parvin welcome to
new bit workshop I've got to do some
pressure cleaning and I thought well
shall I employ someone to do it and I
got two quotes they were both over 100
pounds and for far less than a hundred
pounds I've managed to get myself a
pressure washer of my own this is the
Karcher k2 full control and it comes
with a home kit so I think this is a
good deal I bought this from screw fix
here in the UK and at the moment in the
UK they're providing by far the most
competitive price for this particular
machine okay I'm going to do this in the
order that the instructions say first of
all we're going to install the wheels
and what we're going to do is to push
that in here and it went click so that
one's in same on the other side and it
went click next we're going to take this
handle and fix that on if you look at
the back here the two big holes and here
a couple of spiky bits underneath the
plastic they're going to go in the top
here in these two little places just
line it up nice and carefully and then
pull it towards you and again that went
click and that one went click there
isn't a kit a little hose model it's
always best to check there should be a
rubber washer on the inside of there
where that goes on and screw that up
really tight the handle you'll see a
rectangular some hole there and the end
is going to go in like so and you push
it goes click as it goes past the stop
and now it won't come all wet now the
hose gets connected to the hand unit
here you'll see a yellow piece of
plastic just here and if you squeeze
that and move it that way it clicks out
that then allows this and you need to
look at the shape of it it's rectangular
if you look at the end and that's a sort
of rectangular shaped hole so get it in
the right place
it goes in sort of clicks a bit and then
you push that piece of plastic back and
there's a similar type of connector here
we want to lift this piece up like so
put the other end in here and again
we're looking at that shape it's
rectangular and so I'm going to push
that in like so then click that back
down again that's now nice and secure
now in this kit there are two Lance's
one which is just designed to be used at
full pressure and you've got this one
which has the ability it says make notes
for use when you are using a detergent
receive that later soft medium and
there's a picture of a car there and
then hard so that's that one and there's
this piece which I can see is an
extension piece you would put this in
here push hard and then twist and that's
that locked and then when you wish to
use one of the Lancers it's a similar
type of connector here you locate it
push it in and twist through 90 degrees
and that's it and to remove it push
inwards back through 90 to remove it
like that now the final part to assemble
is this patio cleaner attachment and if
you look here this is sort of pointed
bit there so it looks so it's going that
direction and this is the part we're
going to fix to it and there's the
pointed direction so it's fairly obvious
you're going to turn this through 45
degrees so it's pointing up in that
direction and it will fit down in like
that push down and then rotate and it
clicks and that's it securely in place
and this can be attached now at the end
of the long arm that is best before you
start to sweep and get rid of the worst
of the detritus that might be on a
surface you're about to clean outside a
really useful thing to have if you're
going to have to use the sprayer up
against something which is precious
there is a risk that you might send some
water underneath the door so that you
could have a piece of board and that's
what I'll be using and that will help
protect whatever is beyond the area
where you're spraying so I've connected
the power and now connecting the water
fly making sure that's on properly there
and then I'm going to turn the water on
before I attempt to turn the machine on
now it's really important that you do
not run this machine dry so always make
sure you've got the water supply
connected and turned on whenever you're
using any form of pressure washer you
need some form of eye protection because
you can easily get little bits of stone
or whatever it is thrown up by the
sprayer and it can easily go into your
eye now it's really important as well as
wearing safety glasses at deliver point
as the nozzle at a person or pet for any
any creature any description now I
intend using each of the tools I'm going
to do a comparison between using the
patio and deck solution and using with
just plain water now note without
without are being switched on you've got
water will come through just because the
mains water pressure so now you turn the
machine on you heard that kick in to
life there
well hope you can see well-being
[Music]
well that's with that nozzle I'm going
to try the patio gadget just to see what
it's like
now that actually is really impressive I
was expecting this to be a rubbish
attachment because it came free and this
sort of kit but actually it's really
effective and you know you see all the
adverts are these things with chat
Waring's of nice solid chinos and
probably deck shoes or whatever well
actually you could almost get away with
not wearing any protective clothing
it's hardly making any mess anywhere at
all and I think this is the perfect
gadget for doing this step
let's get rid of the dirt so you can see
yeah I've missed a few bits over here
that's just my eagerness to get going so
I'll see if I can get rid of that is a
fateful lift it's probably only worth
using the Lance on a patio I'd say if
you have some awkward areas like into a
corner like this that brickwork now just
look at that before and after that is
absolute super
I'll do this fun edge here
now the instructions for the patio
cleaner say put it on under low pressure
like this
leave it for a few minutes to soak and
then spray off under high pressure
so this stage we're not trying to
actually see any visible difference what
we're trying to do is to get that soaked
with the cleaner and in that short time
that I've done that loss I've used half
half a bottle so now going back to the
patio gadget and see if I can see any
difference well I don't think the camera
can pick up the difference between using
the patio cleaner and not in fact I
don't know that I can to be honest now
if I wasn't filming now I believe I'd
probably do this whole area here and
probably about half an hour maybe 40
minutes if it'd been done every year and
so one's only just taking off the one
year's worth of detritus and dirt and so
on then I think you could probably do it
in about 20 minutes
I thought this would give you a good
indication before and after look at that
absolutely brilliant either to go back
and fix that patch
[Music]
you
[Music]
last time when I use the patio cleaning
solution I didn't leave it for long
enough it should be between 10 and 15
minutes so I'm going to correct that
this time and I'm going to try half of
these slabs with the cleaner and half
without so it's all setup and I've got
it in the mix position on the variable
wand now the leaf seems have crept in
well there you go that's the half with
the solution I know you going to time
myself
now after ones finish using the bottle
of solution it's a good idea to get some
clean water put the end of the tube that
one would normally use with the cleaning
solution into that water and then again
in the mixed position run it just a
little bit and that then cleans out any
of the detergent mixture from the system
and leaves it nice and clean ready for
storage well that has now had 15 minutes
which i think is the fairest thing to do
and so I'm now going to start and you
can see where the detergent went to
slightly into these slabs here I'll
start from here and see what happens
well I have to be absolutely honest I
cannot see enough difference between
this side and that side to say that it
was worth going through that process of
putting the detergent
now frankly whether the detergent worked
or not this thing works so well
absolutely brilliantly I really can't
recommend it more highly I think it's
really really good
next we need to do a car now when it
comes to doing a car there's a number of
precautions you need to take first of
all use a variable nozzle in position 2
which is medium and there's a picture of
car there next if you've got these
sensors on the car
I call them deters do not whatever you
do spray directly onto a data from a
close distance do it from at least a
foot away maybe a little bit more be on
the safe side also if you've got cameras
on the car protect those as well on the
wheels avoid putting any high pressure
on the walls of the tire and also avoid
putting high pressure directly on the
valve of the tire
what's the matter I might as well do
this old picnic table
that's not bad is it well that's the
Karcher k2 full control which I bought
from screw fix I paid the going rate at
the time which was about 89 pounds now
if I give it marks out of 10 if you're
doing patios I give heed 11 out of 10
it's absolutely brilliant and this
little gadget as flimsy as I thought it
was at the beginning is absolutely
brilliant but when it came to using this
solution for patios now bearing in mind
I was only using on concrete slabs not
on decking which might be a completely
different thing I didn't think that this
was worth it to be honest when I did the
car it did a good job on the cars give
it 7 out of 10 for the car but I didn't
have the special solution for the car
now I really believe that if I had had
that special solution it would have made
a better job on the car because cars are
greasy but for the patio this patio
mixture didn't sort of do anything for
me I'm afraid but overall I really think
this is a great bit of kit it's well
worth getting if you've got some
brickwork some fencing or whatever that
needs a jolly good cleanup this is the
gadget to get thank you very much for
watching take care bye bye
[Music]
and a
[Applause]
you
Oh
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the Tibetan dad
and
[Music]
and