though many people appreciate the smell
of onions in cooking most of them do not
like its order when it gets into the
hands here are four simplest tricks to
get rid of them wrap your hands against
stainless steel metal under cold running
water for about a minute rubbing with a
large metal spoon also works it is
suspected that the sulur molecules that
create the distinctive onion smell react
with the metal in the stainless steel
and become neut
neutralized place a small f-sized amount
of toothpaste on your palm and rub
vigorously wash your hands with the
paste and rinse off thereafter be sure
to use the paste type toothpaste and not
the gel
ones simply squeeze the juice from a
lemon quarter over each hand and rub
gently to cover evenly wash it off after
a
minute place a tablespoon of table salt
on your palms and add enough water to
make a paste wrap all over your hands
and rinse off the salt will help in
getting rid of the odor and also
exfoliate your hands making them soft