hello everyone this is your belly
Nefarian and coming to you live on
youtube yeah
tonight we're gonna make a very very
quick coconut alfredo shrimp with angel
hair pasta and I just have some a couple
ingredients here that I'm just going to
show you real quick before we start I
have some parsley over here I have some
jalapenos some scallions or green onions
I have half our quarter of a large onion
and a couple garlic cloves have some
time alright our Jamaican said Jamaican
say time it is called time I have maybe
about a pone are three quarters of a
pound of medium shrimp and these these
are the previously cooked ones and I
have angel here pasta and the interlayer
pasta is is what we're going to use and
it's a quick quick quickly you know you
just blanch it in some boiling water and
yeah I'm gonna cut up all of these
ingredients and I'm gonna start my ball
rolling right here we have our or
skillet being on and I'm just adding
some coconut oil to the skillet about
three tablespoons of coconut oil and
this is extra virgin coconut oil I'm
using the phone and also narrating at
the same time so let's see how best I
can get this done alright so let's
continue our by adding our ingredients
so I've added the garlic to the pot and
you can zoom in this little bit yeah
again we get the look of water l middle
a design resume add the garlic to the
pot and before as the garlic start to
embalm give flavor motivation alright
this is us this is us agon most like a
surprise
alright I'll remember that these rims
I've been previously cooked so you don't
really want them to stay that long and
the big shrimp is that quick then I'm
gonna start adding all my rhythm so that
I caught up yes Kelly on cone Ian wait
another judge me on the cutting board
you know and you just want these to
start flavoring you know you don't want
them to burn our fries
so to see that value a bit of coconut a
little bit more coconut I got me now but
do that now make it steer just right
back you know and make this aroma permit
yet another atmosphere
yes permit it is my word I invented that
new word for a permit here I have some
garlic spread that I bought Tom at the
supermarket that's garlic spread you
know that you wanna make it won't get
one garlic bread you can make it and I'm
using a little bit of that no all right
look like a boy right okay
look good yeah
and I have a little bit of time or time
in this flat that I'm adding to it
coming like watch it male is it
they are parts lipid-based garnish and
then I have some coconut milk that I'm
gonna add and that will make that to be
the alfredo part I see that's gonna be
the alfredo instead of the heavy cream
you just you know the Alfredo I party
okay and in this little cut right here
on the back of the stool is where the
angel your pasta is gonna go down and
that's what's gonna play whatever yes
look look okay like ah look like sauce
right and I have I went to this store
and got some garlic oil and that's
garlic infused oil and I did a little
bit more of that to it yeah you know you
know if you do them something when we
are doing a you can boss do yellow
cotton you know we have Europe you do
not give your office while the booth
all right there no there no spoiling
right here okay and I turn this this
fired down turn the flame down to almost
you know simmer and allow this to just
take a little time until I don't want to
add any any butter anything like that
yet until I'm ready to mix the pasta in
we're gonna drop the pasta in this in
this part room over here panna cotta
we're gonna drop the pasta in this one
the pasta in this water right here that
is starting to boil so a and we'll
finish up the team Odyssey I go
watch it know the past I have a bottom
and then we plate it out we'll put them
together I'm making work out oil for
work or Jersey so now we're going to put
it it this is the the engineer pasta
finish we'd put it in the plat for a go
much you can put it on you put it in the
boil it for like like 2 minutes if that
long maybe just about 2 minutes you know
I know we're adding the angel here to
our alfredo you can't just dump it you
don't want to dump it she want to do it
neat and as you can see we're having
there the pot is boiling now it's just
coming to us yeah yeah because that's
what I'm doing you know coconut Alfredo
it's not I don't want to use milk in the
in it you know yes
and you pretty much just want this to
you know just want the sauce to it it
just toss in the surface toss yeah look
at that school that you know becoming I
want it slap and then it's all ready for
cleared from there so fast milk pass me
um parsley mimic cut up my parsley
meters put it big so you share the class
normally much I slip it but I'm afraid
it it does just time enough to actually
because I'm a flippin seen you see that
and then next thing we're done always
put the pan up here so that you can see
the full exuberance of the eloquence
right yeah so Leah panics
and here's your finished dish folks yes
our angel here pasta shrimp Alfredo
coconut Alfredo I should add and that I
just put some pepper you know sweet
pepper medley Ronit and stuff and I hope
that you can get to try this dish in
your neck of the woods when I tell I
look good
you look very very intelligent yeah and
as you can see I allow the shrimp to you
know with tea and it's good composure it
not tough you know everything looked
nice and wife you ready for eat so
messed up that no I'm a gonna get fee do
anything is he you had a belly in affari
and once again try this in your neck of
the woods some coconut milk instead of
the creamy alfredo sauce and just spice
it up in a year one week and I'd look at
jerk sauce if you want and a got a belly
not very good food that mister