hello my friends and welcome back to
another video today I am standing in
front of my wardrobe welcome to my
wardrobe and closet it is quite small
but it is all that I need but if you
guys know me you will know that I am a
Shopaholic and my wardrobe is in
desperate need of being decluttered so
that's what I'm going to do today I saw
I was a Jane do this video a little
while ago and I really enjoyed watching
it so I thought you guys might want to
watch me doing the same thing I'll leave
her a video link down below if you want
to check that one out as well if you
enjoy this one because I found it
extremely entertaining but yeah I'm
gonna have to declutter my wardrobe for
my closet for you guys today I have been
planning to film this video for a while
now but the other day my wardrobe just
hit breaking point insert clip now so I
was just putting my clothes away and I
was hanging them up in my wardrobe and
the bar literally fell down I think it's
time that I do a decluttering video
because this is not okay
so I think today is the day that we're
gonna go to my wardrobe and just
declutter it and I'm gonna be harsh with
myself I'm gonna be strict with myself
because I don't need this many clothes
there are some items in here that I
probably haven't worn in years but I
still keep holding on to so I want to
get rid of them and clear some space
because I really really need to my water
was quite small there's just like a
single railing and then there's a shelf
above I'm not gonna go through this
shelf it's mostly shoes with a couple of
jackets and stuff up there but I will go
through it obviously the railing I feel
like this video is gonna be quite the
long one so I don't want to ramble on so
let's get started welcome to my wardrobe
as you can see it is so incredibly full
like it's an issue okay I don't even
know where to start
okay I'm just gonna start from the side
and move along okay we just have some
empty Curt hanging so I can take those
out this shirt is just a plain t-shirt I
love that one
this one I love the idea of this I love
the pattern of it I love the color of it
but I don't remember the last time I
wore it it's super cute but I never ever
reach for it and I just don't think it
really flatters me that much so yeah I'm
gonna go get rid of it most of the
clothes that I'm getting rid of out of
my wardrobe I will donate to a thrift
store or an up shop or whatever unless
they're just like really really
and just need to be thrown in the bin
because some items of happy for years
and there's just like a no point
donating them so what else those I'm you
I love that dress
love love okay this this is a little
crop top it's from eyes I only bought it
like during 2017 and I don't think I've
ever worn it outside the house I think
it's really cute it like has the
crossover kind of detail and I thought
when I bought it I would get so much
wear out of it cause it's just a little
plain crop top but it has this really
deep V and while I'm at it I'll actually
grow up my other one I have another one
that has a really deep V I think it's a
bit easier to see in this one this one's
from Sue pray and I adore the color like
look at this color it's so incredibly
beautiful but they both have these deep
V's and I like never ever ever wear deep
V things or very very rarely I feel like
these just show too much of my chest and
I really don't like it I don't feel
comfortable in it but I keep holding on
to them because I think I'm gonna wear
them but I'm not going to wear them okay
so I'm gonna get rid of those ones I
have two of these little cami tops and
honestly this one has been so stretched
out and worn and it's just like doesn't
fit me anymore because it goes so low
because it's been stretched so much so
I'm gonna get rid of that one I do not
need it and I do not wear it and
especially because I have another one
anyway this one I got from duffel a
little while ago and it says no pants
are the best pants and I really like it
but I think you should probably go in my
pajama drawer because I feel like it's
not something that I'll necessarily wear
outside the house that one I love that
one her love I have a few stripy
t-shirts and I really don't need all of
them I have the sweat on my pink stripes
this grey one with white stripes this
grey one with blue stripes and this
black and white striped one these two
are my merged worn ones I love love love
them they're like the easiest outfit
ever this one I still do wear quite
often with not as much as the others but
I still really enjoy it and it's super
comfortable but this one I think it is
so cute but every time I put it on I
think it looks so ugly he I have gotten
quite a bit of wear out of this from a
while ago but I just don't think I'm
ever gonna wear it again because every
time I put it on I think it looks bad
and I have enough stripy t-shirts I
really have an off strategy shot so I'm
getting rid of that one I have so many
men's t-shirts these are all men's
t-shirts like t-shirts from the Moon
section and I love them I think these
are the most comfortable t-shirts to
wear and I feel like they suit me a lot
better than women's t-shirts but
probably sounds weird but I love that
they have actual slaves so I'm
definitely gonna keep all of these
because I get so much wear out of all of
these especially during the winter I
feel but I love these ten and ten would
recommend shopping the boys section if
you you like big t-shirts I'm the type
of person that if I find something that
I like I will buy it in every single
color so I have these little tops from
dotty I have a white one a black one
there just little cropped ones but they
have like a higher neckline which I find
very very flattering and the neckline is
just that straight sort of neckline and
I really like that and I also have a
black and white striped one which is a
bit harder to tell but yeah I love all
of those three and I do get quite a lot
of wear out of them and if you like it
in the perfect basic to have so I think
I'll keep all these I have these two
tops here which are like the same color
this one is from City Beach and this one
is from glasses I have never ever worn
this one when I bought it I thought it
was so cute and I still think it's so
cute but every time I put it on I just
feel like it doesn't suit me at all I
feel like it makes me look quite big and
just not nice and I think it's really
cute so I keep holding on to it but I
never wear it so I think it's time to
let this one go this one here I do
really really like it but I haven't worn
it in such a long time so I think I'm
gonna try and put this one at the start
of my wardrobe like at the end and I'm
gonna do that with all of the items that
I still really like but I haven't worn
them in a while and if I haven't worn
them within the next like six months or
so I'm just gonna donate them but right
now I'm not ready to donate this because
I think it's really cute this one here
is another one that I really really love
it's from dish I love the pattern of it
and I love the style of it it's like
kind of off the shoulder but it's not it
like sits right on the edges of your
shoulder but the thing that I don't like
about this one is the arm bits where the
elastic is cuz it like cinches in on the
arms is so incredibly tight and it hurts
my arms every time I wear it so it's
nice to wear occasionally but I don't
reach for it very often because it just
like kind of hurt so I think I'm gonna
put it out to start in my wardrobe see
if I wear it in the next six months and
if I don't then I'll do
but I'm not ready to give this one hump
yet this one is just one of my favorite
tops ever I think it's so beautiful it's
just like blue and it's got this lace
detail at the front but it's got little
cinched arms and got like this baby doll
style and I love it so much and it was
like $10 from BW oh my goodness I have
these three colored tops this one here
is actually from my like great-grandma
or something and I love the look of this
when I like tied at the front and cuff
the arms and stuff I think it's really
cute this one here is a white one from
H&M and I think this would look so cute
as a beach cover-up to be honest so I'm
definitely gonna keep that one and this
one here I haven't won in a long time I
used to love it so much but one time I
was shopping and I was wearing it and I
walked into a store and the shop
assistant says oh I hope you just
finished work and I was like you know so
now every time I wear it I feel like
people think I look really silly and I
don't know so I think I'm gonna put all
three of these at the beginning of my
wardrobe and see if I wear these or not
if I don't I'm gonna donate them I like
that one I like that one this one I
really really love but I haven't worn it
in a while so I think I might put it at
the beginning of my wardrobe and see if
I wear it because I really need to wear
it because I really really love it this
next top here I got from I think it's
from romwe and I love it I think it's
the most beautiful top but I'm just so
bad at styling it like I never feel like
it looks good so I've never worn it
outside the house so I think I'm gonna
put out the beginning of my wardrobe see
if I can style it if I can't I'll have
to get rid of it because there's no
point keeping it if I don't wear it but
it's so incredibly beautiful I love it
this next one here I've had for years
and years and years and I definitely got
so much wear out of it when I first
bought it but I think it's time to give
it up I don't reach for it I would if I
forced myself to but I think it's just
hard it's life it's lived it's done it's
gone so we're gonna say goodbye
moving on to addresses this one I got in
as a pool hall and I think it's
absolutely beautiful it's a long maxi
dress but it doesn't fit me and I just
keep holding on to it because I think
it's so beautiful but the reality of it
is that I never reach for it it doesn't
fit me and even if it was altered to fit
me it has this lace-up back which is so
beautiful but so time-consuming to put
on so if I'm ever in a rush it's not a
good outfit choice so I think it's
something that I have to like plan to
wear and it's just
not many opportunities that I would have
to wear this or I think it could go to a
better home okay moving on to some
skirts this one here is making the
lighting go a bit weird but it is just
like a miniskirt it's so beautiful I
really really like this and I feel like
I could wear it to like a wedding or
like a nice event like a 21st or a nice
dinner or something like that so behind
that one I have this long skirt that I
used to wear quite a bit I've got this
up shopping but I never ever reach for
it so I think it's time to say goodbye
to that one and then on the other side I
just have a plain black bodycon skirt
which I feel like it's the perfect basic
to have and I definitely have worn this
quite a few times so I'm gonna hold on
to that one this one here I bought a
very very long time ago
and it's so beautiful and I think it's
super cute and I've worn it so so so
many times but I never reach for it
anymore so I think it's time to say
goodbye to this one then I have all my
denim skirts and I honestly wear these
quite a lot so I'm gonna keep all of
these I have my show poster which is my
favorite skirt in the entire world I
think I wear everything else I feel like
I didn't get rid of that much stuff but
I definitely did but it still looks
quite full I'm actually quite happy I
can actually like find things and move
things around before it was so
jam-packed that I couldn't really look
through things and I can move things
across and I actually have room and I
definitely don't need to buy any more
clothes but it's nice to be able to have
some space in my wardrobe so that is my
wardrobe done I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this I really enjoyed filming
it actually it was really really fun I
think the start of the new year is a
perfect time to really declutter your
space and get rid of things that aren't
benefiting you and that you don't use
and that are just taking up unnecessary
space I feel so good after declaring my
wardrobe and I'm sure you will too
especially if you're donating a lot of
clothes because that way it can go to a
better home to someone who will probably
wear it a lot more than you I love
reading your comments so definitely
leave me a comment below question of the
day what is the best thrift store find
you have ever found because I feel like
some people find amazing stuff at the
thrift store and I've definitely found
some stuff that I've worn like hundreds
of times to run a thrift store but I
should probably stop rambling now so
thank you so much again for watching and
I'll see you guys in my next video very
very soon good bye
[Music]