hi I'm Miranda Valentine editor of the
lifestyle blog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm gonna show you
how to chop fresh rosemary rosemary is
one of my favorite herbs it's high in
calcium iron vitamin b6 it tastes
amazing and smells even better you can
use it dried or fresh it's using a lot
of traditional Mediterranean dishes it's
great with lamb chicken pork vegetables
it's just just a super tasty herb so I'm
going to show you today how to chop
fresh rosemary sometimes with herbs it
can be a little bit confusing because
some you leave the stock on and you chop
it some you don't rosemary is one that
if you are actually going to leave it in
with something like you're incorporating
dried or fresh rosemary in with a recipe
you're not just like leaving it in to
cook and removing it later you're not
going to use the stock you're not going
to use the stem so we are going to start
with our I've already washed and dried
this that's important and we're just
going to pull off see I'm just like
pulling off very easily you can just
even like slide your thumb down did you
see how he did that so go destruction or
it's like this and you can just pull and
slide down see super duper easy and you
could always of course like cut it away
if you wanted but you'd be losing some
of your beautiful delicious rosemary so
so just kind of scoop it all up in a
pile now and you're just going to kind
of like squeeze it together if you can
because always if you have like a lot of
little pieces of something if you're
just kind of like go at it like that
they kind of like spread apart so it's
always good to kind of like squeeze it
together in a little pile and being
mindful of your fingers and just
chopping I'm just making a little little
chop chop chop sand scoop you know scoot
your fingers back as you go but do you
see how it's becoming smaller that's
good you know it's working when that
happens and just keep going and going
and if you want it to be you know even
more finely chopped like pretty much
minced just go over it again one more
time until you get your two
sighs and that is how you chop fresh
rosemary thanks for watching make sure
to subscribe and if there's something
that you want to learn how to make send
me an email at request at Mahalo calm
and don't forget to check out our other
great videos
[Music]