hey guys it's Phil and this is a review
for the Tagus measuring spoon and cup
set you've got a glass liquid measuring
cup five dry ingredient measuring cups
and five measuring spoons the glass
measuring cup has a large capacity and
can hold half a liter or about two cups
of liquid it has measuring lines for
both milliliters and ounces but note
that it doesn't have units and cups so
remember that there are eight ounces in
a cup and measure accordingly for the
dry ingredients you'll receive one 3/4
1/2 1/3 and 1/4 cups these are made of a
heavyweight stainless steel and appear
quite durable the handles are welded on
and are thick enough that they do not
Bend the spoons are also made of
stainless steel but the alloy is much
softer as you can see here the metal
bands quite easily and will stay bent so
you have to be more careful with these
you'll receive one tablespoon 1/2
tablespoon 1 teaspoon 1/2 teaspoon and a
quarter teaspoon the approximate metric
milliliter pen Sherman's are also
printed on the handle
note that the sets of cups and spoons
are linked together using a standard
keychain ring while soft and flexible
this makes it cumbersome to separate and
connect them again a quick-release ring
would have been preferable here when
compared to my other measuring utensils
the measurements were accurate I also
found that the tablespoon is fairly wide
with a 1 and 3/4 inch diameter and then
fit in some of my spice jars however
overall this is a nice set for anyone
who enjoys cooking I hope you enjoyed
this review you can ask me any questions
in the comments I'll put a link to the
product in the description below don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
join me next time