[Music]
hi I'm Allison of healthnutnation
docomo are you dairyfree like me and
miss having chocolate chip cookies with
a big tall glass of cold milk well if so
I've got a great milk-free alternative
for you today thick rich and creamy
cashew milk is not something you can
find at your local store you're going to
have to make it yourself luckily it's
very simple and super fast let's get
started to remove the anti-nutrients
phytic acid in the cashews I've soaked
my cashews for 6 hours in 1 tblspoon of
sea salt to 4 cups of water I'm going to
rinse these and then I'm going to
measure out exactly a half a cup of
cashews when making cashew milk I
typically use a 1: four ratio the one
being cashews and the four being the
filtered water now uh if you want a
thicker creamier milk you can add less
water um or more cashews and if you'd
like a sweet milk you can add dates or
Stevia or um vanilla there's all sorts
of different things you can do with
cashew milk however today I'm just going
to use half a cup of cashews soaked and
they still need to be wet I have not
dehydrated these at all to 2 cups of
filtered water I'm going to make it in
my
Vitamix here we
go okay that has been blending for about
30 seconds doesn't take long to turn
those cashews into a rich and creamy
milk now the beautiful thing about
cashew milk is that you do not have to
strain it at all it's ready to go just
like
this all right I've got my delicious
gluten-free chocolate chip cookies and
my cashew milk is there anything better
than chocolate chip cookies and milk I
don't think so let's give it a taste
look at this milk it looks exactly like
cow milk only it's cashew milk it's
beautiful all right let's do the
dunk delicious you've got to try this to
your health
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]