[Music]
hey everybody I'm just gonna go ahead
and jump right into this I just want to
let you guys know that we do cook our
pasola
with a but other political which is
pig's feet this is a hundred percent
completely optional you do not have to
cook the pasola
with the pig's feet at all I do want to
let you guys know that if you do plan on
making this with pig's feet just
consider making it separate from the
pasola and there's many reasons for that
which I'll be mentioning throughout the
video so let's go ahead and get started
so first of all guys I just wanna let
you guys know that I am using a pork
roast I actually used to pork roast
because we were expecting people over
this day and first of all you're just
gonna want to cut these things into
cubes
that's all you're doing you don't want
to cut them too small because if you
overcook it or the longer it cooks it
will shrink
it'll be very tiny little pieces also
try to remove as much fat as you can as
you can see there at the bottom left
corner that is a big old piece of thick
fat you do not want that guys but if
some gets in the meat it's completely
okay it just adds some flavor to it so
this is after cutting two of the roasts
you do not have to cook this much you
can only cook one or you can even cook
something smaller like a pork loin
completely up to you
so after cutting it you're gonna want to
fill it up with some water at least half
way just to make sure that there's
enough water why it boils while it's
boiling you're gonna want it go ahead
and put in a whole thing of garlic or I
believe it's a whole pot of garlic and
that a way that it can gain some flavor
while it's boiling I went ahead and put
a little bit of salt in there as well
and at this point you're just gonna want
to let it cook also guys quick reminder
if you do plan on cooking the pig's feet
make sure it has enough water and you're
always gonna want to rotate it because
it will stick to the bottom of the pan
[Music]
also it does take about two to three
hours to cook so you're definitely gonna
want to start this way before you start
cooking your meat for the porcelain I
bought on a little Tupperware just to
let you guys know that there will be
some I call it the dirty stuff this is
the stuff that you want out of your full
solar this that a way that it's a much
cleaner taste and the presentation is
way more better plus that's the kind of
gunk that you do not want in your soup
at all
[Music]
it does take some time to get it all
cleaned up but it's completely worth it
because it'll look very very beautiful
at the end some people I believe do
strain it that is completely optional I
feel like if I strain it and insert more
water it kind of gives away the taste
but guys this is your goal you want to
get this clean as possible you don't
want none of the little brown stuff that
was showing earlier you're gonna want it
very clear and that way the taste will
be very good okay so here I am getting
ready to cut up the cabbage you can also
use radish
I believe I personally don't use radish
but um some of my family members do I
just completely forgot to get some this
day um but I just wanna let you guys
know when you're cutting up your cabbage
you're just gonna want to cut them thin
just wanna take your knife and just
slice them very small you don't want
nothing too big
and this is after cutting it this is
what you guys want in your post alone I
cut about a head of cabbage here you do
not need this much cabbage we were just
expecting people over just a little hit
we cannot forget to the lines guys we
need the lives I was just showing you
guys what kind of lines I was using just
in case anybody was interested I went
ahead and precut those got those ready
as well because just so now nobody has
to cut them under there and we got our
little toppings ready and I think from
here we're gonna go ahead and start to
the seasoning for the full sold or not
seasoning but the flavor the most
important important important part so
here I'm went ahead and my mom did it
just simply because she was already
starting it and I was completely okay
with it so my mom is gonna be showing
the things to use which are the chili
pods and we just got this at our local
Michoacana if you don't have one close
to you you can possibly I believe find
these at Walmart
also guys for the pot that we are
cooking or the amount that we are
cooking we are using twelve chili pods
about six garlic's and about a half
tablespoon of cumin or comeno and as you
guys can see here what my mom is doing
is she's just taking a knife or she's
technically just ripping the chili pods
and she's getting rid of the seeds in
the inside just because we don't want to
mess with the seeds after so we're
moving all the seeds you're gonna want
to go ahead and wash these just keep
them clean get the little seeds off no
one really wants to be eating seeds in
the fall so there go ahead and stick
that in the ear blender and you're gonna
want to go ahead and get started on your
garlic start peeling your garlic's I
think I said she used about six garlic's
you guys can have if you're of course if
you're gonna make less you guys can
always have the ingredients you can use
six pods in about three garlic's and
hump it's up to your preferences on the
flavoring and you can always tweak it in
any way
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
cannot forget our 1/2 tablespoon of
Kamino I really love comeno because it's
such a strong spice I really love it
it's not strong it's just it I give it
everything so much flavor so after you
get your all your ingredients put into
your blender you're gonna want to fill
it at least half with water and you're
just gonna want to blend it you're gonna
want to let it blend everything to be
all chopped up of course it should give
off about a red-orange e color once it's
completely finished being completely
blended together that is the color you
guys want as you guys can see it starts
off really Orange and then it towards
the end it turns very red that's the
color you guys are going for it may look
like it's spicy it's not it's just um
something that gives it color and taste
little guys a little heads up here
there's one let you guys know as you
guys can see the pot that of the pig
speed is coming out of this is why we
cook it separate we do not want that
junk in our Bowl solely at all all the
grease all the the clunkiness we don't
want it this is why we cook it separate
we want to make our fossil it very clean
very presentable and obviously very
tasty and if we were to have cooked the
pig's feet together it probably wouldn't
have been very very good so at this
point you can go ahead and insert your
spice that you blend it up and this is
where you get the color isn't it pretty
also at this point this is where you go
in and do your little taste test if you
need to add a more spice don't be afraid
go for it you can do it oh we cannot
forget about our my yeast I went ahead
and used one of the big cans we did I
don't think we needed any more than that
you can add as many cans as you like of
course some people would like a lot of
my yeast in there personally it's
completely up to you this is gonna be
these two things are gonna be the last
two to be put into the porcelain what
I'm doing here is this is organic or
just oregano I like to go through the
oregano and take out some of the stems
the little sticks just because I don't
want that in the book so they of course
you're not gonna get all this all the
little stems or the little hard things
out it's completely okay I just do it
because it kind of it's kind of
something I'm used to doing okay so
after letting the the spices and
everything cook up for about I believe
was about 10 min
it's just so that the meat can grab the
color and the flavor you're gonna go on
I want to go ahead and put your my ease
in I'm also gonna be putting in the
oregano as well at this point I just
want to let you guys know that when you
put the my yeast in I will give it about
10 to 12 minutes of cooking letting the
mice get warm also you're gonna want to
go ahead and solve this to two flavoring
however you know the taste this is
totally optional and this guys is the
result this is what we created as you
guys can see the originals in there the
oregano does give it a very good flavor
also the pig's feet is cooked very well
in the meat was very it's very very
tender as you can see that my yeast
grabs onto the color as well because it
turned a different color so that's
always good so here we are
you're gonna want to go ahead and serve
yourself a nice bowl of assorted
[Music]
and guys we cannot forget the cabbage or
radishes you're using radishes and of
course you're gonna want to go ahead and
grab your lemons you just gonna want to
squeeze a couple though is also just to
give it a little more you know give it
that little that extra punch and kick to
it and this is what we end up with I
just want to let you guys know that if
you have any questions or concerns
please comment down below so I can help
you guys out don't forget to Like and
subscribe and I hope you guys enjoyed if
you guys have any other recommendations
on what I should cook next don't forget
to leave that down in the comments below
I'll see you guys in the next video bye