hi everyone I'm following the pressed
flowers and leaves that I did and I've
been playing with the things that I've
made I haven't gotten any left and this
this is pretty much it owned a few of
the hydrangeas as well gosh I was up
until 2:30 a.m. this morning playing
with this little lot just hot things
just gorgeous look I've made a card as
well isn't that just absolutely
beautiful I just love it so I'm going to
show you how I did this because I just
think that this method just helps just
stop the the flowers and the leaves from
falling apart so let me just show you
what I've got I've got some of these I
haven't done anything with with these
this this one here was just mounted onto
a piece of watercolor paper I've added
one of the little Tim Holtz chitchat
words and then I've put some of my red
very very sticky double-sided tape on on
the back and attached it to a piece of
mixed-media card and I just think that
that looks absolutely wonderful and I
think to round the edges with my
favorite at the moment
Isis Bruce I just think that gray is
just so subtle and and you know much
much nicer for this type of thing than
black which I just think would be way
too too harsh so let's just show you
what I've got to mean just look at that
little dinky one there I mean isn't that
just gorgeous oh my goodness me I just
absolutely love these single leaves I
know that Monica had done asked you know
do you think that single rose petals or
single leaves would look gorgeous yes
absolutely just look at these they're
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous and look at
that one that's one of the hydrangea
petals I just think these are wonderful
and you know how lovely to send in in
happy mail to attach as a little gift
tag you know all sorts of ideas and
another single leaf there these are just
gorgeous and I've done some with the
little chitchat words and some some
without another one here single leaf one
of the purple ones just love their case
so let's show you and
now I did these and I'm working on
Strathmore cold press watercolor paper
it is 300 grams can you see that not
sure I can fit this in 300 grams 140
pound watercolor cold press paper the
reason I'm using this is let me just
hold it up close for you I just
absolutely love the texture on that
paper can you see it but you can use
mixed media paper my mixed media paper
isn't quite as thick I think mine is 250
grams but you can see a noticeable
difference that's the mixed media paper
and that's the watercolor paper and of
course you know the mixed media paper is
much whiter as well much more bleached
and so I quite like the watercolor paper
but just use what you have used you know
heavy cardstock and if you've got it
that's absolutely fine and then I'm just
using regular Mod Podge matte Mod Podge
I want the matte edge because I just
don't like the shine and what I am going
to do right so I've got my flower I'm so
excited you see I can't talk I've
grabbed my flower the flower that I want
to glue down and I've just cut a piece
of watercolor paper to fit and each you
know of the individual flowers so I've
got this one here and then I've got
another piece here that will fit this
this flower this is just a piece of deli
paper and what I am going to do is now I
just need to decide which way round I
want the flower and in fact I want it
that way it because there's more color
more purple so I'm just going to apply
very very gently some glue some of the
Mod Podge matte glue to the back and you
want a nice soft brush for this because
if you use a stiff brush it would just
break your dried flower and it will just
crumble underneath your your paintbrush
so just you know a really gentle light
touch with with this and you're just
applying the glue to the back of your
dried flower like this all the way all
the way down you know I've just found
that matte
medium Matt earn modpodge is absolutely
fine for this and then I am just going
to place my flour onto this piece of
watercolor paper like like so that's
absolutely fine and then what you want
is a piece of daily paper now I'm sure
this would work with parchment paper too
but I've got a whole box of paper just
show you and now I know that you guys in
the US can get hold of these and really
really easily this is Logan rap so it is
called into folded waxed paper I think
it's called dry waxed paper let's have a
look just a deli wrap into folded wax
paper and it's ten by by ten and this is
500 sheets I can't remember how much
this was because I ordered this a long
time ago first the jelly jelly printing
and you can see by how much I've got
left that I clearly didn't do very much
jelly printing with it but I'm sure that
you could use parchment paper as as well
but you want something clear for this
because you just want to be able to see
your your flowers and all I am doing is
just applying a really generous amount
of blue to the deli wrap and I'm going
to sandwich my flower let me just check
that I mean shopped for you so which one
did I glue down it was that one there
right so just make sure that you've got
enough glue to cover the whole of your
your flower then I'm just going to place
my flower down like this and I'm going
to fold the deli paper over I don't need
any flu on that side because all this is
doing is just giving me a nice clean
surface to sort of press it press it
down so that the daily paper on the
other side sticks and ideas to the the
pressed flower and it just it holds
everything in place and then you want to
flip it over and just really gently then
go around the outside of your piece of
watercolor paper and then press down
then in between sort of you know any
petals or branches little branches like
like this now you could have popped one
of the Tim Holtz chitchat words in here
before you glued it down and but equally
you can add it on top as well that's not
a very good example because that leaf
didn't turn out too well or you could
add it on top like this
so whichever method you prefer and you
know I just simply forgot this time
otherwise I probably would have added it
first I just quite like the sticker
being buried underneath the piece of
Danny wrap and as I say you're just
going to press it down just so that it's
nice and erm and flat and then you just
need to leave it for a few minutes just
to dry slightly I don't bother with the
that the heat gun and then just trim
around the edges and then the back of
the dirty rapp will just peel off
there's no deli wrap on on the back of
any of this and so let's just set that
one to one side for a minute so I'm just
going to cut that back there so that I
can use this other piece and let's just
do this one this one here so we're going
to do exactly the same thing let me just
have a look and see which way round
I want it definitely that way round so
again I'm just going to apply my glue
gently as I say I don't want to ruin my
dried flower
so there we go just add that glue
you know dried flowers is something I've
wanted to play with for such a long time
in it I'm sure I've got a couple in a
book somewhere that I did years and
years and years ago but I'm just too
impatient to wait for things to dry so
you know this method it's just
absolutely perfect for me so I am going
to add this I'm just checking which side
of the watercolor paper I want to add it
to so oh there we go just position it in
place and just press it press it down
and then I'm going to do exactly the
same thing then with the glue so we'll
add a nice generous amount again and of
course this dries clear so when you know
you won't get once it's dry you just
can't see it just make sure that you
cover the whole of that piece of them of
deli paper and this time let's add a
little chitchat word what shall we be
add what have I done with them where
they've gone here we go they're buried
underneath be and watercolor pad now I
did see one earlier that I thought would
be perfect in fact let's just use admire
because that's what I'm doing I'm
admiring my gorgeous flowers and where
do i want it to go in fact I think I
shall have it there like like that
no make sure that you've got it straight
no need to put any extra glue before
before you glue this damn because of
course it's going to be sandwiched
between your layer of deli wrap anyway
pull it out straight as well I'm just
sort of you know getting rid of any
wrinkles fold it over and just you know
give it a good old read you don't need
to rub you know incredibly hard so if
you've got problems with arthritis or or
what have you you know you'll be able to
do this no problem at all you're just
smoothing it down and then flip it over
and just smooth it out around the edges
and then just press down around the
bumpy bits of off your flour around
those branches just really said if you
know press it to press it down there we
go and that's firm trim that off and
then I just want to do a single flower
let's just try one of those and see how
that looks
bring my gluey bit back right okay so
I've got a tiny weeny piece of scrap
watercolour paper and this time I am
going to use one of these hide these
hydrangea petals and which way do I want
it to go I suppose it will have to go
like like that so I'm going to add some
glue to the back again just you know
being really gentle about this and so
Monica you know absolutely those single
rose petals I just think would look
absolutely gorgeous there we go let's
peel it off and as I say these are
delicate so just be really gentle I'm
going to break it now aren't I no I'm
not come on be positive
there we are and then we'll add some
glue to the piece of them deli paper
making sure that I add plenty because of
course I want it to stick down well
hurry up put it face down and smush flip
it over you know press down over the
bumpy bits because of course the stems
are a bit bumpy so you just need to you
know give it a good good press down just
really press it down around the edges as
well just so that you know you've got
it's all nicely sealed in now these have
probably had oh I don't know ten minutes
and to dry just why while I've been
editing for the video and so what I want
to do now is just trim around the edges
and you want to try and get as close as
you possibly can just so that it's nice
and neat and because of course the
watercolor paper is quite thick it's
really easy to sort of you know get your
scissors up close to that edge there we
go and then the back piece of jelly
paper will just peel straight off and of
course then you've got a really nice
clean back to your watercolor paper and
just doesn't that look gorgeous you
don't need those scraps we do exactly
the same with these other term what's
after in these I'll be back so I've cut
to the deli paper around the edges and
that's what they look like so lovely and
clean you know the deli paper just by
folding it over protects the back so
that when you're rubbing it down you're
not getting sort of you know any marks
off your fingers so I just think that
makes a big difference it's definitely
worthwhile so what I want to do is just
finish this off now and how shall we
have it I'm going to stick it this way
up I just really like having the little
chitchat words
up like that doesn't that look cute I
could probably have added some glue on
the back and then this one here let's
just make a little card I've added some
of my red sticky double-sided sticky
tape let's just peel this off and then
I'm going to add a little bit of Pritt
stick and blue stick to them to the
center as well like so let's centralize
that and glue it amp down this is just a
scrap of mixed media paper let me just
have a look to centralize this a but I
can see what I am doing I go glue that
down and then what I think I'm going to
do this time is add my chitchat word
underneath like that because I know that
if it's one key it will bug me so I
think it's probably going to want
trimming just just there like that yep
perfect and that's it I could have added
some of the ice spruce around the edge I
meant to and I just completely forgot
but what we can do is just add strength
around the outside now and then we could
double mount it which would look really
really sweet so I think I'm going to
double mount this now onto another piece
of mixed media paper and I'll show you
what that looks like so here we are
here's some of the bits that time I was
playing with and that's the card that
term I double mounted and I've mounted
it again on an ATC sized piece of
mixed-media papers so two and a half by
three and a half inches which is artist
trading card size ATC and then I've made
a little homemade envelope to house it
which i think is really cute out of
craft card stock and just how wonderful
just that look I mean that the
natural background of the craft paper
just looks gorgeous I think any and then
this one here and this was one of the
four mini Heather's that term I'd
mounted and again I've used the great
spruce around the outside and then I've
mounted it onto a piece of white mixed
media paper and then onto Kraft
cardstock as well and I just think that
looks gorgeous this one here is just the
sole leaf there's another one of these
buried in my mountain of dried leaves
and flowers somewhere I can't find it
but I've just used the iced spruce just
to go around the edges and I just think
that looks really cute so again I could
mount that onto craft cardstock if I
wanted to or just leave it as it is and
then we've just got these here these
ones are plain these haven't been
interim edges and I just want to show
you the difference so that one has that
ones them had the iced spruce these are
left plain so really it just depends on
what you know what look you like best
but I just think all of these are
wonderful and I've made a handmade
envelope to go with the card that Tim I
made earlier as well all of my envelopes
including this craft one here I use I've
made on my envelope maker so this is the
envelope punch board by we are memory
keepers I paid five pounds for this at
the craft fair that I go to at the
motorcycle museum which and you know you
keep hearing me go on about and at the
time I had no idea what it was or what
it did but oh my goodness me this is
invaluable to me whilst I've been doing
my cards recently so just hope that
that's given you some ideas as to how
you can use your dried flowers guess
where I'm heading straight off into the
garden to pick some more whilst it's
still still dry so I'm going to be at
the ironing board again this afternoon I
just think these are gorgeous just love
love love them so they go if you like
that idea I'd really appreciate it as
always if you would give me a thumbs up
because it just lets YouTube know that
you like what I'm doing
and let me know what you think in the
comments below and if anybody else has
any other ideas as to you know what we
can do with these dried flowers I just
think sandwich them in between deli
paper or parchment paper I don't know
whether that will work I presume it will
vellum as well is another thing that you
could use and just protects them because
they are incredibly fragile and you know
now you can check them around do
whatever you want with and they're not
going to fall apart so if anybody else
has any other ideas then you know let me
know in the comments below so take care
everyone and feel free to share this
with your friends as well I'd really
appreciate that and I'll see you all
again soon bye for now
you