ok now we're going to clean the range
shot start off take your filter they
should just clip out you do here also if
you have reception and you give and you
do something you don't understand just
google it and see if you can find out
how to take it out most of them had
clips that deposit just pushing for all
you want to do ok now we're going to
clean top while the filters of washing
see your choice kitchen cleaner is a
really good clean up to any fat build up
can just use you just wipe it off make
sure you've got your PPE on face mask
and gloves you can use the mesh sponge
will help begin any build-up off
otherwise that she should swipe officer
with a cloth if there's a lot of buildup
of set with a light coverage you may
need to get a screwdriver as possible
and unscrew it and pull it off to get
right underneath sometimes it has yellow
set those up there
what of your energy
try and get as much as you off as you
can because it sounds it's toxic so you
don't want to lose anyone there so she
went around through