hi my name is Jeremy pang I run a
Chinese cookery school in London called
the school of wok what we do is anything
from private cooking lessons to
corporate events and gastronomic walking
tours of Chinatown what we're going to
do here is I'm going to show you how to
make a few different recipes I'm going
to show you how to make a Chinese garlic
sauce you want to bring your wok to a
really high temperature add a little bit
of oil to the pan just enough for your
garlic to sit in tea and I've got finely
chopped garlic here about two cloves
really nice and finely chopped and get
your rice wine ready your garlic's going
to go in and you've got to pour your
liquid rice wine and a good blog of it
straight into your muck for you don't
want your garlic to burn that's really
going to smoke up
but then the garlic not burn now so
that's about two roughly two capfuls a
rice wine if you want you can add a
tablespoon of oyster sauce in there as
well give it a good stir through top it
up with a bit of hot water and then just
bring it to a good vigorous boil so once
it's vigorous boiling then you can start
to thicken up a little what I've got
here is a little bit of cornflour paste
it's just about a tablespoon of corn
flour with about same amount of water
when you add it to the mix you want to
go gradually bit by bit so just a little
bit into your vigorously boiling garlic
sauce and it just starts to thicken up
your sauce as you can see you don't want
it too thick so just add a little bit
more not too much more than that
listen up your sauce and this goes
really well with some sort of pack joy
or baby back joy you can just pour it
over the top of it so you've got some
they're made and I can just lips you
just pour this straight over the top of
your packs right
not there is how to make your garlic
sauce