hi everyone today I'm going to be making
over a very old piece of furniture which
has a great amount of sentimental value
and has been passed on to my son
it's the highchair which I had when I
was a baby so let's take a look at it
here's the chair my son who's 5
currently uses this and he requested
that it's made over in red and pink
which are his favorite colors now just
have a look at the chair you can see
that it was originally varnished and the
valance has started to come off we've
also got some stickers on here I need to
remove and because he's requested it in
two colours what I'm hoping to achieve
is that kind of two-tone paint effect
which you will have seen a lot of on
Pinterest so up here we want to put this
bit here in pink the rest of the body of
the chair reds and then we'll probably
dip the feet in pink as well so let's
start it off beginning with sanding down
the chair
this is what I'm using to paint the
trailer with this is Pinta crushed
evolution it's acrylic spray and it's
inflamed red route 3000 and this is a
good spray too cause you can use it on
both indoors and outdoors so it's very
hard-wearing and I do get supplied these
free of charge in order to use them on
DIY projects but I have to say that
they're one of the best sprays I come
across because the delivery of the paint
is very even from the spray and that
makes the end result very good so let's
get going
so as you can see this is the flame red
color when it went on initially I was a
bit worried because I thought it's quite
orange but as you apply color and it
dries it is quite a nice red and just to
show you down here so you can see the
green of the masking tape because that's
really going to be taking the tape off
deploying the strides but so far so good
we've removed the masking tape and we're
now ready to afford them or some tips
that you can do this top bit pink and so
the feet need to be pink I'm doing the
kids bed tonic moment so if my husband
is just doing pink onto the chair the
finished chair and applying the spray
paint over the red section of the chair
was as it always is when I use the notes
all stuff an absolute dream
it goes on in several light layers and
it comes out with a really lovely
finished however I have to say that
attempting to do dip dye with spray
paint was not one of my smartest ideas
and it is quite difficult to do because
you have to tape off the part of the
chair that you've already done and then
of course spray paint does have a
tendency to sort of get in all the nooks
and cracks so the finish isn't perfect
and the good news is because I used the
no soft spray it is round numbers so if
I want to go in and just touch up any
little bits of the pink because you can
see the finish isn't quite perfect just
let the tape took off a little bit of
the red I can go back in and do that
with a paintbrush by matching the round
number so that's good news but overall
bearing in mind this is a chair for a
five-year-old he's delighted with it and
that's what really matters