[Music]
welcome to the garden today I've
harvested the first cucumber of the
season so I'm gonna show you how I like
to make my classic cucumber sandwich wow
that's a beauty that is a beauty when
harvesting chives later in the season
after they've already flowered I like to
look down low for this new grassy growth
these are gonna be tender and really
tasty I have so many dill seeds that I
just plant them all over the garden so
I'm just gonna harvest a few beads here
and there I want to leave these flowers
because they're just about to bloom but
we can still harvest some of the leaves
lower down I like lots of dill and lots
of chives so I got about a handful of
each and the rest of our ingredients are
just our cucumber some Swiss cheese
bread and mayonnaise I'm taking all my
chives and my dill and I'd like to just
wrap them up so we end up with a tight
bundle only about two or three inches
long this is gonna make it really easy
to cut down with our scissors
doesn't it look beautiful then I'm gonna
do Swiss cheese on one side and our
cucumber on the other just whole no just
kidding no of course we're gonna slice
it up but you can go whatever thickness
you like I shoot for something about
this size not too thin not too thick and
you can really customize your cucumber
sandwich however you like adding chicken
is a great idea
a little fresh cracked black pepper is
great you can also cut these down into
squares and then that's a really nice
fancy piece so let's try one side here
with the squares the cucumber might have
been a little too right so you see they
fit really nicely so this makes for a
more refined cucumber sandwich but
personally I just like to layer them on
like this the heart of the sandwich is
really that cucumber
and I like to cut at a diagonal angle
corner to corner just like that you can
cut away the crust if you want to be
really fancy and then shape them down
into little bite-sized triangles if you
like of course we got to dig in
that is a beautiful sandwich Wow I
haven't had one of these since last year
hmm this is so good so that's my take on
the classic cucumber sandwich if you
think this looks delicious I really hope
you give it a grow in your garden thank
you all so much for watching and we'll
see you next time
[Music]