all right folks classic case of tar on
the coveralls and tar on the coat-sleeve
what we're going to try to do here is a
little power washing see if that takes
it off we've got ourselves a Honda here
2,800 psi I got our all hooked up now
please check the oil on these things
before you get going do yourself a favor
and just check it from the get-go got it
all hooked up we're ready to spray
[Music]
as far as I can tell
absolutely no results we're gonna have
to get kerosene or diesel out folks
well absolutely no kerosene no diesel to
be found so I grabbed a little gasoline
doused er I'm gonna grab a brush do a
little scrubbing then we'll whip our
wash her back out and see if we can't
get the rest out there tar off there got
a brush here I'm gonna do a little
scrubbing alright did a little scrubbing
on the front side there a little too
much tar some folks might ask why not go
buy a new pair well let me ask you
something
you paying for these
get that nice and soaked in there and
then we're going to get the washer out
again and give her a spray so what would
you suggest that we do actually we get
this soap in there and spray it off I've
got a lot of merit right okay
Bill's been working around tar for a
couple years so I take his opinion for
anything we've now moved on to the coke
portion were old Polaroids got a doozy
going on he could really got into the
tar overcoat we're gonna down system a
little heavier it's mostly on the sleeve
that scrub in there what you want to do
folks this is real nice nice white
thickness you know you're doing the job
our comeback and sprayer and we're not
talking anything fancier folks just just
standard on you're gonna find in any
kitchen in the United States
all right folks it's been an hour we
fired the pressure washer up got the dog
nice and soaked in there Bill's gonna go
ahead and spray it for us
you see how he's dousing it in there
that really gets to the dawn coated in
there real nice that'll take that gas
smile right away
[Music]
I can flip it over you get both sides
[Music]
alright folks for this step here what
you want to do is get your hammers now
and really work them hammers well we had
a little problem with the old claw
hammer so what this does basically it
just presses that material down right
bill in that writer yeah ready it works
that stuff in
[Music]
holy cow all the results look at how
much suck them out and that'll that'll
release most of them soap fibers out of
there huh yeah you cannot leave that in
there what that soap fibers gonna do
it's gonna start eating at your coat and
these babies ain't cheap that's the
whole reason we're putting all these
steps and you're talking about two
hundred dollars worth of gear here
that's very minimal that's Black Friday
you know what I mean I hear you
so yeah I got the plate compactor if all
else fails I think your golf cart method
was sheer genius show us what to do with
these here let's clean these off and the
gasoline step as we start power wash
that we're going to some storm drains we
can't have that EPA and be all over us
that's when I got here standard four
foot level I'm just gonna make sure I'm
running away from the drain per plan
make sure they're plumb as well I know
it sounds crazy did we need two levels
for this bill it always helps you know
I'm more the merrier once you go to jet
level Jeff long we good yeah what I have
here is a chalk line huh I can't have
you snapping right in the water it's
gonna ruin your box we're just gonna
make a containment area it's none of
this gas not as taller rolls off but I
know we did it with the levels that
you'll never be too safe I'm going to
snap okay so we're back Paul thought
that was funny and there's nothing funny
about of iron metal safety that's
something I want to get to the bottom of
I hear you bill what we're gonna start
you grab the end of this pulp and Nate
I'm gonna need you right in the middle
now where we're going we're doing a box
diagram anything what we have now is
contamination and it can't go any
further
yeah
there's no real distance on this is
there are we gonna measure that out
later
well measure that way you're I'm just
giving the time just to bhaijaan okay
okay yeah all right we're running out of
chalk here as you can see but don't like
that
well you down
all right so is there a secret to
getting chocolate like their line yeah
I'll show you right now we're real we're
in it's real simple
they say if dabble D but in this case
folks that just won't so I'm gonna take
this one of these
it's quickl just a couple times okay
that's our last line there and I want
somebody notice what Paul did here he
made sure that that line is outside of
the gasoline
here they are after a couple of days of
air drying now I went ahead and took him
to the laundromat ran them through the
cycles you could tell there's a little
tar there but not too much we could have
went ahead and done a little more
hammering but overall that's results
we're looking for folks