so part one I did the water line part
two in this video I'll be doing the uh
fridge adjustment height adjustment uh
only tools you'll need is a crescent
wrench and a straight slot screwdriver
on this model you have to open the
freezer uh
drawer you have to pull up on this uh
bottom
cover and then taking your uh your
crescent wrench you'll simply just
tighten it over the base of the leg um
get a better grip here versus the top
seems to just slip off so you'll adjust
the base and uh turning it
clockwise will um lower the leg down
which will push the fridge up um I
adjusted mine quite a bit because I'm a
bit um taller and I just want to open
the fridge and get right to my items
but keep in mind see this bit of a dent
here you'll want to um also take your
straight slot and on this screw here you
want to also turn it
clockwise um for the the wheel the front
wheel behind here so it'll push the
wheel down and the fridge won't rest um
on this on this bracket here that's why
I got a bit of a dent uh all the weight
resting on this but I did go ahead and
turn this clockwise and um and now it's
level so uh after you get the right
adjustment I did place a level on top of
the
fridge
and you can see that it's uh it's hard
to tell in the picture but it is it is
level so wish you the best