hi everyone it is weekend time which
means is also cocktail time today I am
making an amaretto sour now I don't like
I'm a rest on its own very much because
I find it very sweet however as to how I
have lemon in it I feel it's gonna cut
through this weakness a bit and we'll
find out never had one before so let's
see how we go here is what you need your
amaretto you need eilers from sugar
syrup or what I'm using is a guy a syrup
just because I prefer it some Angostura
bitters and egg you only the white
though and a lemon I also have some ice
on standby in my freezer and my rocks
glass that I'm gonna be drinking it from
let's do it
[Music]
so first thing I'm going to do is get
your shaker or the small happy shaker
anyway and you're going to put 50 mil of
your amaretto in to it now I've got a
special amaretto
it's a row no but it's got like a
special Mazzoni pattern on it just
because I went to an event and it was
like in the goodie bag and I thought
great so 50 mil going in next you need
25 mil of your lemon juice with that
straight into my measurer here now it
says in the instructions I was following
to make this drink that you need a dash
of egg white you try to tell me what a
dash of egg white is well I've
discovered in the past we're making
other salads for example of whiskey
sells to one of my favorite drinks what
I do is I crack the egg over the shaker
and hold it up but when the egg white
that dribbles out that's the amount you
need and all the rest you can get rid of
so open my egg here and that bit
basically that's what you need this
don't you anymore
next up comes your sugary syrup now
again
it calls for a bit more in the method of
this but I know that I find amaretto
quite sweet already so I'm going to just
do two teaspoons of this it actually
asked for like twelve and a half mil to
marry a random amount in the first place
so two teaspoons
two and finally two dashes of your
Angostura bitters put some ice into your
shaker and shake now you want to shake
quite a lot and quite vigorously because
basically you need that egg white to
turn velvety and smooth otherwise you
just have weird kind of consistency and
it's not going to be a good drink so
shake a lot nearly there get your rocks
glass out of the fridge and again fill
er up with ice get your strainer and
pour in what is hopefully a velvety
smooth sour mixture that looks pretty
good to me
and then finally to garnish lemon did
you notice that I nearly threw it over
there there I nearly dropped it no cause
it's like that was really smooth but I
know it's not going to be really smooth
so I thought I'd keep it in there we go
give it a little twist nice and gently
just to release some of the oils and
then place her in there and there we go
one amaretto sour Cheers
this is my first time ever so I hope I
like it oh wow that's good Wow I still
got a lot of sweetness from the amaretto
but the lemon cuts right through wow
that's really good happy Friday everyone