[Music]
hi I'm Heidi borers where I live in
California it doesn't snow I live right
by the beach but it's kind of fun to
have something to celebrate the season
of snow and that's just what I've done
on this t-shirt with the layered
snowflakes it makes it just like you're
in the snow the snowflakes on my shirt
are appliques so we need to create some
patterns of the snowflakes to create our
appliques you can get clip clip art off
the internet there's also some die cuts
that you um dyes that you can get
through are snowflakes I'm going to show
you both of them and tell you the the
pros and the cons of both of those we
need some excess uh t-shirt material to
make our appliques and we need some um
alen peel and stick sheets the alen peel
and stick sheets have a liner sheet
attached to the sticky sheet you want to
be able to draw your pattern onto the
sticky side which is the shiny side and
it's a little bit difficult to because
it's shiny for it to hold the pattern so
you want to use a permanent ink pin so
I've just taken my pattern and I've put
on my um pattern onto the shiny side of
the peeling stick sheets and then you
just cut it
out like so to fit on your fabric now if
you want to peel if you want to do it
all the way it's a little bit harder
because what you want is you want the
fabric to cut out with the the same time
you do the peel and stick sheets and
then that way the glue goes all the way
to the
edge now we're going to cut all the
different details I was also mentioning
that you could use the die Cuts now the
only thing about the D Cuts is because
you have the thickness of the t-shirt
and the peeling stick Sheets if you have
too much intricate pattern it doesn't
cut out all the way and you kind of have
to help it cut out you just take your
scissors and just cut it out you'll get
the really cool pattern but you just
have to kind of cut it out so some of
them work some of them are a little bit
too detailed but I like to use the
little ones so we're ready to put these
onto the T-shirt so just peel off the
liner
paper and I only usually do about half
of it
first cuz it's really
sticky and then put it down on your
shirt
and be sure that you pre-wash your shirt
and you put it in the and you dry it but
don't use a fabric softener and this is
washable after you finish
it and now we're ready to put one on top
of each
other just peel it off put it on and you
can layer as many layers as you
want I like that and then if we want to
put a little rhinestone St on the top we
use the elen's
jewet and put a little rhinestone and
this again is washable let it dry
completely and just completely puts your
snowflakes where you want for a little
bit different look on your T-shirt you
can always cut off the neckline
ribbing and then also for the sleeves I
rolled them up and I used the peel and
stick tape and so they're completely
glued and so everything on here is
completely washable I can put it into
the washing machine and have a really
great wearable I love the look of the
white onwhite snowflakes I can't wait to
wear it for the holiday season I'm Heidi
Borchers and I think it's cool to craft
[Music]