[Music]
to make our applique headband we've got
a simple application that we bought at
the craft store it came just like this
with beads on it really pretty and we're
going to show you how quick and easy it
is to apply those to a headband first
thing we're going to do is trace the
appliques to a piece of felt and this is
so we can apply a backing to the
applique so I'm just going to use a
ballpoint pen and trace right on the
felt just like that all the way around
and these marks will get cut off so
don't worry about the pen marks and then
back to where we started and then you're
just going to cut out that design from
your felt with a pair of scissors we've
already cut a piece out so that you
don't have to watch me do that so this
is the backing to this applique and now
we're going to flip that over and use
our fabric glue this is fabric tech as
our favorite fabric glue we're going to
apply the glue all over the back of the
applique and I'm kind of using the tip
of the glue to smear it around a little
bit to the edges and you want it all
over the applique so that you get a nice
adhesion all the way around the edge and
in the middle just like that
we've already figured out where we want
the applique on the headband slightly
above the ear and I want it facing down
downwards just because that's kind of
pretty if it's sort of aimed down that
way so I went ahead and pressed the
headband up against the applique like
that and now I'm gonna take develop
backing and place it right on top just
like that kind of line up the edges you
can kind of move it around and if any of
the edges are showing after the glue
dries you can always trim it so I'm
going to press it down all that little
edges and then I'm just going to hold
this for a minute while the glue sets up
it should just take a minute or two
now that glue is probably nice and set
up there yeah feels like it's setup now
we're going to take the other applique
and I want to figure out where I want
that one I think I want it to overlap
this edge of the the end of that other
one a little bit like that so I'm gonna
apply glue to the back of this applique
just like we did before place it over
overlapping that little end of the other
applique press the headband up against
the applique like that and now I'm going
to take the backing that we already cut
out make sure I've got it lined up right
and press it against the glue on the
back of that other applique make sure
all the ends are lining up little edges
and I'm gonna hold that until the glue
sets up and we might need to apply a
little bit of extra glue in there where
that's overlapping the felt so put just
a little bit of glue there because we
did a little overlapping piece and once
the glue sets up we'll have a beautiful
applique headband
you