hi everyone this is sandy welcome to
easy cooking hopefully I'm going to be
making some cookies I'm going to be
baking apple cinnamon or do cookies they
are very easy to make really delicious
they taste like an apple pie in a cookie
the preparation time is about 10 minutes
that will kill time with about 18 to 20
let's get started
let's go to the ingredients we need two
and a half cups of flour one cup of
old-fashioned oats
two thirds of a cup of raisins one cup
and 2 tablespoons of brown sugar one
apple any kind you like
we also need half a cup of unsweetened
applesauce one and a half sticks of
unsalted water soften the zest of one
lemon 1 egg half a cup of honey 2
teaspoons of vanilla extract a teaspoon
of baking soda 1/2 a teaspoon of salt a
quarter of a teaspoon of nutmeg a
teaspoon of cinnamon and a quarter of a
teaspoon or close let's get started
mix the flour with the old-fashioned
oats are the zest of one lemon also add
the salt the baking powder the cinnamon
the gloves and the nutmeg mix together
and set aside
peel the Apple dice it into small pieces
and sprinkle with a bit of sugar and
lemon juice to prevent from browning and
set aside in an electric mixer cream the
water and the brown sugar together then
for about a minute on high speed or
until the butter and sugar are
completely combined into a creamy
mixture now we're going to add the
liquids add the egg followed by the
applesauce the honey and the vanilla
extract mix at high speed for about 2
minutes or until all the ingredients are
combined slowly blend in the flour
mixture to not over blend we just want
to combine all the ingredients together
remove from the electric mixer and using
a spatula mix in the Apple and the
racing's spoon the batter onto a baking
sheet and bake at 325 degrees for about
18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown
and that's it enjoy I really hope you
like this recipe please don't forget to
subscribe to be notified of his Shiro
updates on don't forget to visit my blog
to print this and some other delicious
recipes thank you for watching and I'll
see you next time bye bye
you