there are so many ways to make a
croissant but today I'd like to show you
my own wear of preparing it so let's
take a look at few ingredients you will
need you will need some fresh okra
habanero pepper crayfish
smoked mackerel
stop tubes and some dried fish so sub
the dry fish with hot water and set
aside for later use so I'm going to cook
the meat with with some salt chopped
onions and one stop kill but you can
cook the meat with any seasoning of your
choice then cook the meat until the meat
is done
and while the meat is cooking cut the
okra into some tiny pieces and set aside
and remember to wash the okra with a
clean water before cutting them
and here is one thing some of these
occur can be very hard you know just
like this one so it's very important to
check for it for the hard ones and
remove them as they cannot be useful so
in a dried pot add the palm oil and once
the oil heats up add the chopped onion
and fry for 30 seconds after about 30
seconds add the shot okra and stir fry
for mag v for 3 minutes and after about
3 minutes you will notice that the okra
will start to develop a slimy texture
and that is what we want then add the
chopped pepper
add the crayfish I've washed the
crayfish add the dried fish I've also
watched auntie bones fried fish and the
already cooked meat and one stock cube
after adding all of those ingredients
give this a nice stir and then pour in
the mix stock
and in the midst of is not enough you
can add a little bit of water but
remember the quantity or the amount of
water you add to this soup
depends on how thick or how light you
want the soup to be then after adding
the water add the smoked fish does the
smoked mackerel combine everything
together cover the port and allow to
cook for five minutes and also remember
not to over cook the okra as not to lose
the the health benefit after five
minutes stir and add the vegetable and
turn off the heat immediately you can
also test for salt and add more if
necessary and that is it for today our
fantastic soup is ready to be served
with a bar round a yam semolina or any
swallow of your choice thank you so much
for watching and please do subscribe to
my channel