in this week's video I'm going to show
you to make this decorative light
box it includes box joints frosted
plexiglass and we're going to wire up
our own electrical stick around hope you
enjoy
[Music]
[Laughter]
here at the table saw we'll cut our red
oak to width I'm going to pick 3 and 3/4
of an inch and this Dimension is to
accommodate the width of my light bulb
my top and bottom and leave a little bit
room for the heat to dissipate so it
doesn't heat up the wood
[Music]
[Applause]
here at the miter saw we'll cut our
parts to length I have two stop blocks
set up one at 19 in and one at 25 in
I'll cut I'll square up one end I'll
come up to the flip stop I'll cut that
part I'll bypass it I'll use the hard
stop and I'll keep doing this to make
sure the grain continuously flows around
the project
[Applause]
now for the joinery of the box I'm going
to use box joints now I'm lucky enough
to have an incra eye box jig and if
you'd like it more information on that I
can do another video just please leave a
message in the comments I'm going to run
my short two sides first and then I'll
make the matching box joints on the long
sides
[Music]
[Music]
at the router table I'll use a straight
bit to make a rabbit to the top and
bottom on two sides I can make a through
rabbit on the other two sides I need to
make a plunge rabbit I will pivot the
work piece plunge into the rter bit make
the rabbit and pull away from the RO B
[Music]
being the stop rabbits make a rounded
corner I'll clean it up with a chisel to
make it
[Music]
Square I marked the mortise needed for
the Switch I'll hog out the majority of
the material with a forcer bit at the
drill press and follow up with a chisel
[Music]
[Music]
back at the drill press I'll drill a
hole for the power cord and champ for
that at the router
[Applause]
[Music]
table there's a significant amount of
time required to spread the glue for box
joints in this instance I'm using West
systems epoxy for the large open
[Music]
time box joints are a snug fit so they
don't need much glue
[Music]
I apply even pressure to the box joints
with specialty calls that apply
individual pressure to each of the box
joints here at the edge sander we'll
sand the finger joints flush to the
sides
[Music]
now I'm going to secure the back panels
with small wood screws just in case
something happens in the future where I
need to replace
[Music]
[Music]
them I'm going to put two 13 wat light
bulbs inside the light box now to help
reflect light back up to the surface I'm
going to line it with aluminum foil tape
this tape is used in HVAC work to seal
the duct work this tape should help
reflect all the light back up to the
[Music]
surface you can buy commercial frosted
glass spray paint but being I have a
HVLP system I loaded up some white paint
and gave it a light misting
[Music]
to finish this project I'm going to use
a solar Lux stain from Balin I'm going
to use a stain applicator pad and I will
finish it with a few coats of
[Music]
[Music]
polyurethane well I hope you guys like
the final product it's definitely going
to come in handy for me I use it for
decal work picking out vinyl and tracing
for woodworking designs if you guys
enjoyed this video please smash the like
button share and if you haven't already
please subscribe thanks for watching see
you next
[Music]
time it includes box joints Frosted
Flakes Frosted Flakes
h