[Music]
what up food tubers Mr Oliver here we
have an incredible dish today we're
doing a beautiful beautiful cured salmon
with amazing marinated crushed beetroots
Hors relish cream this is the dish that
you want to cook for the girlfriend the
boyfriend get the Mother-in-law around
it's going to be super super good so we
got some beautiful fresh salmon there's
300 G there that's going to serve four
people three heaped tablespoons of
molden sea salt goes in there most of
that is going to come away but we need
that salt to penetrate that fish to cure
it okay it gives you this incredible
sort of waxy delicate texture that
allows you to slice it really thinly
easily and it looks and tastes amazing
so we want to add more flavor into there
brown sugar one heat tablespoon like
that lemon
zest orange half of the zest then we're
going to use dill that for later but
this part here the stalks really sweep
slice it
up and that's all going to fall off so
that's flavor for free nothing in the
bin and then the secret ingredient some
decent vodka one shot this is not
traditional right but it adds to the
whole kind of flavor that we're after
here massage up that lemon orange vodka
sugar what I want to do is pack this
salt onto this
salmon and put the other salmon on
top get a bit of clean film and we're
simply going to wrap it up super tight
put that in the fridge I do it in the
morning by 12:00 1:00 in the afternoon
it's ready and raring to go if you leave
it a little bit longer it will just get
firmer and firmer and firmer 9 hours is
fine but 5 hours is
optimal this is what it looks like after
5 hours it's firmed up nicely I'm
actually just going to brush this salt
off normally in a gravel axe recipe you
would wash it off we don't need to do
that we're going to use our Dill what I
want to do is kind of create um a little
Herby sort of bark on the outside just
finally chop
it right and then the fish goes straight
into
that see how it just coats it
beautifully absolutely gorgeous this
goes in the fridge until you need
it what I'm going to do now is show you
how to make the beautiful Hors radish
sour cream and the Beautiful crushed
marinated beetroots so so simple roughly
for four people two Heap tablespoons of
sour cream about two Heap teaspoons of
hor radish it's got to have attitude
otherwise why bother then half a lemon
remember the one I grated squeeze it
catch the seeds nice little pinch of
salt a little bit of quality extra
virgin olive oil in there one tspoon mix
it up all you really need to do is taste
it for seasoning and
heat nice and hot makes your nose go a
little bit woohoo next beetroots add a
little balsamic vinegar nice pinch of
salt a little
oil I quite like crushing it and I like
it being
rustic that is going to be joyful I'm
going to have a little clean up so you
can fast
forward okay so m is coming around
mother-in-law and the old man's coming
around if they turn up when you're hot
and sweaty and look stressed not cool
even if you're bad with knife skills
you'll manage you know half or just over
half a centimeter it's nice and thin
almost see the light through it you got
the herb there you know it's fresh but
it's lightly cured towards the end just
kind of flare it out so you take the
salmon off cuz we don't want to eat that
skin the second way of doing it take the
end off and then you'll simply going to
just take your knife along the bottom of
the
salmon and that takes all the skin off
in one all of this you can do in
advance okay so we got that on the plate
horse radish sour cream just going to do
a little pile there there I love the way
the beets just kind of bleed into the
beautiful sour cream you got the salmon
it's a really really nice dish 1980s
Crest a nice bit there fresh dill from a
height just pick it off really really
nice A little olive oil look at that
absolutely gorgeous if someone gives
that to me I am so chuffed really really
good
so good the salmon is lightly cured so
it's got that lovely sort of waxiness
that you get from things like smoked
salmon and pruto and stuff like that
really nice to eat beetroots just sweet
and gorgeous the heat of that Hors
reddish so good so to go with this
gorgeous dish for this lovely night out
how about a nice cocktail an old Cuban
click the box below and I'll show you
just how to do it you're going to love
[Music]
it
[Music]