[Music]
hi I'm Laura I'm with labels for kids
and this time I'm going to show you the
ironon woven labels um these are
excellent if you're like me and you
don't like sewing or you just know
you're going to mess it up uh or maybe
your school demands you have the the the
the sew on labels but you don't fancy
sewing at all so first I'm going to trim
it down a bit make sure there's no um
fuzzy edges
around and it's um it's a really easy
process actually so I'm just going to
stick it here not on the care lables uh
that's not really what it's for so just
on the Garment itself and um make sure
your iron is on Cotton setting no water
no Steam and uh it's just as easy as
just putting your iron down for 10 to 15
seconds really so um let's just wait for
a minute
and let's have a look so just check if
the edges are secure uh if they're not
you can put your iron back on but um
seems like I've done all right so um
that's you just let it cool down uh
don't wash it for another hour and um
it's actually recommended to iron it
after you've washed it again so just
that the label sticks on well that's all
[Music]
I'm