hi everybody this is Chef lovely and
today we're going to make a tur duckin
here are the ingredients so we have two
34 cups of prepared savory bread
stuffing at room temperature that's
going to be divided up we're also going
to have two cups of prepared cornbread
stuffing at room temperature 1/4 cup of
chopped pecans 1/2 cup of whole Berry
cranberry sauce one 10 to 12 lb turkey
Deone one four to 5 lb duck Deone 1
three to 4 pound chicken to Bones 4 tbsp
of butter three cloves of garlic six
fresh Sage leaves 2 tbsp of fresh thyme
leaves 1 tbsp of Browning Sauce 1 tbsp
of olive oil kosher salt and freshly
ground black pepper to season okay so we
have our cornbread stuffing and I've
divided it into these three bowls here
for our duck we're going to take our
cranberry sauce and our pecans and we're
going to mix it into our stuffing here
and I want you to give this a really
good stir to incorporate all of those
ingredients easy First Step done and out
of the way next step we're going to make
a compound butter we are going to use
butter our Sage our th garlic and some
salt and pepper we're going to put it in
our food processor and we're going to
blend this
up so here we go just add all of your
ingredients drop it right in
you don't have to be fancy right now
it's just have fun get it in and blend
it
up add in our
Sage our T and of course simply season
with a little bit of salt and
pepper we're going to give this a
blend and then we're ready to go
compound Butters are great it adds tons
of flavor with each easy easy
work we are going to put this in a bowl
and we're going to use this to season
the outside of our
Bird go right in here to a
bowl what's nice about this you can wrap
it up in plastic you can put it in your
refrigerator and you can pull it out
whenever you need to use it for anything
so for something like this this will be
good of course chicken turkey also lamb
will be really good as well
and you can make a Savory or a sweet
compound butter which is really nice now
let's get to these birds so first things
first we're going to pull out a sheet
pan here something that's really large
so that you can really move around you
can feel comfortable while you're
cooking and we're going to take our
turkey remember this is all ready to
Bone and I want you guys to be safe so
keep everything refrigerated keep it
nice and cold so we don't get any of
those
germs so we're going to going to take
our
turkey oh it's a big daddy
here and we're going to flip it over so
that the skin side is down we want to
incorporate a lot of flavor so we're
going to season with some salt and
pepper all right you guys here we
go some pepper here get in all those
Nooks all those crannies to make sure
that we are imparting as much flavor as
we possibly can and don't be afraid get
in there and really season this is a big
bird so it's GNA need a lot of seasoning
now that compound butter that we have
we're going to take this and we're going
to make like a little pocket with our
finger and we're going to kind of
separate that skin from the meats so
what we're doing is we're going to add
that butter right down in there so all
of that flavor from the time and the
stage that you have it's going to
permeate throughout all of the meat and
give it incredible flavor it's going to
keep it moist as it's baking in the oven
as well so let's do the other side
here make that little pocket don't be
afraid it's dirty work but someone's got
to do it trust me your family and
friends are going to love you for this
all the time and effort that you put
into making this beautiful beautiful
meal it's nothing but flavor and
moisture that we're going to add fat
equals flavor so butter good
fat okay
fantastic now let's move this over now
we're going to take our um our duck
that's going to be next but before we
get there take some of that stuffing and
we're going to just drop it right in
here the duck is coming up
next just drop it in now let's take this
duck and we're going to do the same
thing you guys skin side down and we're
going to pop it right on top just like
this okay so now we're going to take
that stuffing that we had the pecans and
The Cranberries in it and we're going to
put that one on top
just like
that
okay here's a chef lovely tip those
pecans that we used pop them in the oven
on about 350 and give them a nice toast
what you're doing when you're toasting
the pans you're pulling out the
essential oils and all the flavors so
you're going to have a more rich and
indepth um pecan flavor which is really
good take that chicken drop it just like
that
and again we have to go in with more
stuffing I know you're getting hungry I
am too so we have our last stuffing
here we're just going to go right on top
just like this okay now we have all of
our Meats stacked up with each other
they're seasoned well they have the
stuffing on the inside don't forget
about that special stuffing that we made
with the duck that has the cranberry
sauce and those toasted pecans that I
told you about now it's time to wrap
this baby up so that we can get it into
the oven and we can enjoy our meal with
our friends and family for the holidays
so I have some butcher twine here so
when you go and you pick up this turkey
you pick up the duck and everything ask
your butcher hey can you hook me up can
you give me a little bit of your butcher
twine they'll just throw it right in the
bag for you so don't worry about having
to find it they'll just give it to you
and nice really long strips
here so I'm going to cut four of them
and see where we are and if we have to
use more we'll use more
so I have all of my birds here lined up
in front of me I'm going to put the
breast away from me and the legs facing
me so we can really get under this bird
so I have my first really long piece of
string here I'm going to go all the way
under the
legs and we're going to pull it nice and
tight now remember when I said fat
equals flavor we really want to use the
skin of this bird to help us as we're
tying it to make sure that we're closing
everything tightly so I'm going to start
in the middle this is kind of really
going to help me see where I have to go
and what else I have to do so I'm going
to just take it all the way up the
middle and I'm going to give it a really
good tie now we're going to flip this
bird over so if it doesn't look that
pretty on this side that's okay cuz
guess what nobody's going to see it so
let's give it a really good tie
here give it a double tie and then we're
going to come back in a second we're
going to trim those so now let's do it
again go right underneath those legs
on both
sides kind of lift it up a little bit if
you have to just really get under
there and we're going to do the same
thing
here so that we get those thighs nice
and tight as well so now let's go up
here from the top of the bird and if you
want to feel more comfortable just turn
it around make it easy for yourself have
The Cutting Board a good turn around
here we go there's a flap of skin right
here in the front you want to take that
and pull that over so that we're keeping
all of our stuffing on the inside and
all that flavor on the
inside so let's do that same thing again
we're going to tuck in those wings as
well we don't want the tips of it to
burn so we're going to keep those tucked
in okay so let's go in let's cut it we
don't need all this extra here so we're
going to cut off the excess that we
have because it's really not needed
now we have to flip it over so here we
go Flip Flip Flip a little bit came out
but that's okay we're prepared for that
if it does see it's nice and even here
if a little falls out guess what I'm
just going to stuff it right back
in it's worth the effort everyone's
going to love you you're going to have a
beautiful meal let's put this in the
oven it's on
350Â° but before we do that let's add a
little bit more flavor we have our Brown
Salt so let's pour that right on top and
we're going to rub it in massage that
bird make love to it we really want to
make sure that we get a beautiful golden
color and also impart flavor if you
haven't noticed I'm the flavor Queen
over here now also to impart a little
bit more flavor and color we're going to
put some olive oil this is going to help
with um a nice crispy skin which we all
love on our tur turkey so we're going to
go in with salt and pepper right on the
top this is also going to help with
caramelization and of course more flavor
I'm going to wash up and then we're
going to come back really soon I'm going
to show you how this looks when it's out
of the
oven okay so as you can see our tur
duckin is out of the oven and it looks
absolutely delicious we use that
browning sauce and we use that salt and
pepper on the outside to make sure that
it achieved this beautiful golden color
it's caramelized it smells great so I'm
going to show you how we're going to cut
into this bird so I have some kitchen
sheares here now remember we took that
butcher's twine and we wrapped our bird
so that it stays together as it Cooks in
the oven so now we need to get rid of
all of that to start cutting I'm going
to go right down the breast bone here
okay this is a good place to start to
have it a little bit easier for you so
just take your knife and you'll kind of
feel how it is and let your knife kind
of like guide you along so look at that
wow remember we have the duck in here
with the bcans and The Cranberries we
have the chicken in there and as you see
as you cut it open it's beautiful the
meat is Juicy and tender the stuffing is
adding all of that great flavor and you
know what I can't resist I think I'm
going to go in just for a little little
taste
M that's really
good so no matter if your friends and
family love chicken duck or turkey
there's something for everybody right
here with this turducken enjoy
[Music]