I
now it's time for one of our most
important steps in the process it's time
to clean this table up now is the time
where you can look this table over real
good make sure you don't have any
problems with the table the last few
steps to cut the string and these corner
pieces are made of wood that slides down
in the corner of the table in the
packaging so when you stack the tables
they don't collapse on one side inside
the box here the legs are packaged in
pairs one on each end of the box helps
us distribute the weight in the box of
the boxes evenly weighted on both ends
we have our pocket box in the center our
rails are in the center our support
beams are banded together on one side of
the box then our cabinet is in the
bottom of the box then we have our
hardware package everything from the
rail bolts to leg bolts all of our
components are here then in a separate
package is our blind brackets now we'll
open a rail box and start our inspection
process it's important that this is done
before you ever start covering the rails
to make sure that there's an no finished
problems no dings or dents there's
nothing worse than getting to the
customer's house and have to tell him
that while we've got a problem with the
rail so I've got to come back so that
this will cure all of those problems
there are several things we want to
check on the rail here the finish on the
underside of the rail will check the
edges of the rails you'll see several
stamps on the bottom of the rail this is
so you'll know what location on the
table the rail was in there's a quality
control stamp on the table a finished
stamp this is all information that you
will need to give to legacy if there's a
problem with the rail you'll notice
where the rail bolts go in on the bottom
of the rail that their plugs been pulled
out there the t-nuts been putting in
then epoxy back in this gives us the
ability to put
more torque on the rail when we're
putting the rail on the table you'll
notice that all around the edge of the
rail there is a relief area there this
is for your staples to go in when you
put your cloth on the table it's
important that your staples be in this
area so the rail will sit flat on the
table as you bolt it down
you