hi there it's Craig here just enjoying a
nice glass of homemade white wine
delicious
stuff you know some of you might want to
actually get into home brewing but don't
have the courage or wherewithal to do
that um so I've got a little bit of a
fun thing for you to try here and this
is a this is you know it could be fun or
it could just be a cheap man's way of
making some alcohol whatever way you
want to look at it this is called inmate
Brewing that's because it originated in
jails where they used to gather certain
ingredients from the cafeteria and uh
actually ferment them and make their own
alcohol so they could get drunk in their
shil sales I guess and God knows how
they did that but nonetheless this is
called inmate
Brewing um basically what you're doing
is you're taking a jug of regular fruit
juice and you're turning it into wine uh
very simply
now the advantage of doing it this way
is that you don't have to sanitize
anything okay um because this is already
sanitized inside here and all you're
really going to do is excuse me is take
off the top take some of the juice out
of here and add some stuff to it so that
it will turn into wine now it's not
going to be table wine like this of
course and clear and everything like
that but certainly if you're in a pinch
and you need you know you want to have a
little drink uh it this is a a great way
to do it and tastes pretty darn good
too and maybe later on you can get into
this
stuff okay here's what you're going to
need
now uh you need a jug of some sort of
fruit juice now I'm using a 3.8 liter um
jug of cranberry cocktail which
basically consists of some sugars some
cranberry uh juice and some um grape
juice and there's no preservatives in
here that's important make sure you
don't have any weird preservatives or
anything like that in here because
that'll just destroy everything and it
won't work um I think Welch's grape
juice works really well with this so
you're if if you want to try this go out
get some of that and uh give it a go but
I found this cranberry cocktail this
noname stuff here quite uh successful as
well so if you can find that I don't
know if you have it in the States but
that's what I've got and I bought the
biggest one I could find cuz what the
heck you may as well make as much as you
can okay so you have that
you need two cups of sugar I use corn
sugar but you can use regular table
sugar as well I just have corn sugar
because I happen to I use it when I make
my beer so it dissolves quicker and um I
think it works a little bit better but
if you don't have that just regular
sugar will do so you got your juice your
two cups of
sugar regular bread yeast regular baking
yeast that's all you need you can get
the Brewing yeast if you if you want to
but I'm trying to do this so so that you
can get everything you need from the
supermarket I don't want you to have to
go to any specialty shops I want you to
be able to do this just for everything
everything from buying everything from
the store okay so this is regular
baker's yeast this is happens to be
fleshman's but whatever um okay so yeast
juice
sugar
and kind of the magic ingredient that I
found that helps us to work a lot better
is some well we'll leave that for a
second some
raisins okay just regular any kind of
raisins and or
dates okay you can use either one I like
the raisins because they're easy to find
but I also got dates because I I don't
know I figur I didn't get very many
dates when I was younger so I'm making
making up for it here but if you don't
have the dates just use the raisins and
what I did was I grabbed a good handful
of raisins and I put them in a small
pot full of about a/ an inch of water
maybe a little more and I boiled them I
boiled them for about 10 or 15 minutes
not a hard boil but just a simmer and
then I sort of mashed them up with a
fork so that what I ended up with was
this sort of
a a liquid
sludge okay actually smells kind of neat
actually but it's it's a it's a liquid
it's it's the juice out of the out of
the out of the raisins and the dates now
what this does
I hope I can get it out of there what
this does is that it
um it adds a nutrient to
the uh to the to to The Brew what I
found was that just adding the yeast to
this and the sugar the yeast didn't have
enough nutrients to keep on going to
keep on doing what it does which what it
does is it it eats the sugars and
creates carbon dioxide and alcohol okay
and I was finding that just using these
two things and the yeast I've had failed
batches so I found out from a good
friend of mine that adding this nutrient
from the from the real fruit will
actually help the yeast and will produce
guaranteed results and I actually have a
batch going on upstairs right now of the
same exact thing and it's going like
crazy okay so good advice
there okay so those are the ingredients
the juice the sugar the yeast and some
raisins raisins and and dates or just
raisins
you are going to need um an air lock now
I have an actual Brewers air lock here
but if you don't have an air lock you
can there's other things you can use and
I'll talk about that later on um an air
lock basically is so that the carbon
dioxide that's created here can escape
but no air can get in to contaminate
this that's what you want so it's like a
one-way uh valve and if you don't have
an actual air lock don't worry I'll
explain later on what you can use again
stuff you can buy at the store
just a regular store okay so we got our
raisins and our dates I've already done
that so we'll put those out of the
way and you're going to need something
to pour some of the juice into because
we have to leave some space at the top
here when we actually do this so I've
just got the the
kids whatever juice is in the fridge
here and I'm just going to add this and
they'll just drink it okay so let's get
started now um once you open this you
don't want to breathe into it or
contaminate it in any way because it's
sanitized and in here and that's the
beauty of this is that you don't have to
sanitize anything these are all clean
but it's just sugar I mean I don't think
we have to worry about sanitizing
that so what we're going to do is take
the lid off of
here and we'll take the lid off of this
thing and I'm going to
pour it out until it's about
there cuz we need some space here for
this to happen cuz what's going to
happen is that when this
ferments it's going to bubble and
everything and it needs room there's
going to be foam in here it needs room
to foam and do its
thing a little more don't forget we're
adding about two cups of sugar to this
so it's going to increase the volume as
well so take a little more out than
there we are set that
aside just put that in the fridge later
okay so we took the juice out we've got
room up here now we're going to add our
two cups of
sugar sometimes this takes a little
while
and what the sugar
does is it gives the yeast more to eat
and therefore it will create more
alcohol you could do this without the
sugar but you only get about four or 5%
alcohol this way we're going to get an
actual wine consistency maybe 10%
alcohol out of that and corn sugar
dissolves a lot easier than regular
sugar but again you know if you can't
get corn sugar then just use the regular
stuff okay so now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to put the lid back on
and I'm going to give it a good shake to
dissolve all the sugar
see now this is room temperature juice I
did not put this in the fridge and
that's important it has to be it can't
be cold or it won't work the
fermentation won't occur when it's
cold we want to make sure it's all all
dissolved okay I'm sure that is cuz corn
sugar dissolves
easily right now we're going to put in
our our uh fruit concoction here now I'm
just going to try to use the lid as a
strainer if I get a couple of raisins in
here or whatever that's that's okay
actually what I'm going to do because
this is a really thick paste here uh I
let this evaporate a little too much I'm
just going to pour some of the juice in
here now this is sanitized because it
was boiling just going to pour some of
the juice in
there whoops and mix it
around right cuz it got it's kind of
thick because I boiled it a little too
long mix it around and then we can use
the lid and pour it back and if you get
a couple of lumps and raisins in
there it doesn't matter
there we
go all that
nice juice from those nice fresh
raisins and
dates and there we
go okay we can add the yeast now we're
all set cuz we're going to shake it
again anyways after we add this yeast
so some
scissors just regular
old baker's
yeast there we
go great stuff put the lid on
again and give it a good Shake now I
want you to shake this for a couple of
minutes okay make sure that Lids On
Tight cuz I would like
to incorporate the yeast as much as
possible
okay there
um so a couple of minutes some of the
yeast is going to sink to the bottom and
that's fine uh but most for most for the
most part we've got this Incorporated
now let's talk about airlocks I have a
video about airlocks if you want to
watch you know learn all about them I
happen to have a real one if you don't
have an actual air lock or a way to get
one you know cuz what I did here was I
took the lid off of one of these and I I
cut a hole in it or actually what I used
is a soldering iron or a wood burner and
I just burned a hole made it smooth and
then I got a regular air lock that you
use when you make your your beer and I
just made it got in there nice and tight
and all I got to do is screw that
on and uh and I'm done now I sanitized
this matter of fact I'll do that again
and if you're into Brewing you have
some s some air locks then you probably
have some sanitizer too you're going to
want to sanitize that now if you are
doing this and you don't have any
brewing equipment at all including an
air loock I told you I would make sure
you could do this an air loock can be
can be fabricated out of a
condom so what you do is once you've got
this all together and you shook it and
everything's all mixed up you take this
lid off and you stretch the condom you
take the condom Out roll it unroll it
just a little bit stretch it over the
mouth of this thing make sure it's good
and sealed and then you wait and don't
go to bed or anything like that like
wait about six maybe 12 hours I don't
know or overnight I guess uh what's
going to happen is this is going to
start fermenting the condom is going to
start
inflating with carbon dioxide so you'd
like to be around I think to watch this
uh because you don't want it to you know
I don't know how long it would take for
it to to burst but so you wait for the
condom to inflate a little
bit and then you poke a hole in the end
with a pin poke a hole in the condom
with a pin there's your air lock there's
always going to be carbon dioxide
escaping from this container coming out
of a little hole and that way nothing
can get in no air can get in to
contaminate your juice when it's
finished once the condom has you know
once this is finished fermenting the
condom will basically sort of deflate a
little bit now condoms are sterile as
well so you don't have to worry about
sanitizing anything so it's a it's a
really cool way to do this without any
fuss all right and once in about 3 weeks
the condom will start deflating or
somewhere around there and then at at
that point you just wash the lid off
keep the lid wash it off good put the
lid back on and you've got your Brew
okay and you can drink it it's not going
to be clear it'll be cloudy um but it's
drinkable and it tastes pretty darn good
now there's some things you can do to
this to preserve it but I'll talk about
that in the next video when I when this
is done and we actually go to the next
stage you can drink it right away but
there are some things you can do to um
for instance you know there'll be
sediment at the bottom here sediment
always occurs when you ferment things
and yeast falls to the bottom it dies
and and it goes down there and stuff
falls down so you don't want to drink
that so you can take this and and pour
it into another container but don't pour
in the sediment and then you'll have
nice clean juice that you can or wine
that you can drink um and you have to
put it in the fridge because if you
don't put it in the fridge it can there
can be some slight fermentation going on
in there you've got this lid on it could
actually start to bulge and you know who
knows right so once you've finished and
you put the lid back on stick it in the
fridge and it will stop fermenting the
other alternative too A lot of people do
is they freeze it and I actually do that
as well freezing it kills all the yeast
cells by destroying the the cell
membranes of the yeast so um that's a
Surefire way to make sure that this is
never going to ferment
again and you won't have to worry about
having a tight lid on but if you don't
want to do that just put it in the
fridge and maybe once a day just loosen
it off and let the let the little
pressure out put it back and as long as
you're going to drink it you know in the
next week within the next week you're
fine there's also a third way you can do
this if you can find the
materials you get a a rubber bung with a
hole same as what's on the bottom of
these air locks right you get up clear
plastic hose
and again you sanitize this with some
rubbing alcohol or bleach whatever make
sure you rinse it off really well you
put that in your in your lid like same
as this okay cut a hole in the lid and
do that and then you put the other end
into a bottle full of
water and uh just fill up a bottle like
a a wine bottle or something like that
or you know beer bottle full of water
put this in and that way the gas can
escape and will bubble through the water
but no air can get back into into here
to contaminate it so that's another if
you don't want to go and buy a condom
then that's another way you can do it if
you can find that
material okay so I'm ready to put my air
lock
on and uh let this
[Applause]
ferment nice and
tight you want to make absolutely sure
that this is so tight this rubber thing
is in there and everything's nice and
sealed otherwise your air lock won't
bubble and you you'll be confused you
won't know what's going on let's put
the water in
there and snap on the
lid there you have
it let that sit in a warm place like the
warmest room in your house for
as long as it takes just to ferment um
my air lock is actually I'm going to
just unscrew that for a second I don't
like when it when it sucks in like
that
there set that aside and there we go
okay actually I have one that's already
fermenting well I'm going to I'm going
to go get that I'll bring it down and
I'll show you guys hang on a second
that right
there so my air lock is steadily
bubbling right now it's disturbed
because I moved it around and there's a
foaming going on on top and a ring
around the side of of a that's called a
cake of dead yeast right around the
surface there mine's actually gone
because again I moved it so some of it
got mixed in with it but that's okay and
if you if you put your ear up to it I
don't know whether the microphone will
pick this up
you hear
that you hear it
fizzing it's going like hell in there
it's great
stuff so there you go homemade inmate
Brew it'll give you about 10% alcohol uh
maybe 8 to 10% alcohol it tastes pretty
good it cost me about five bucks to make
what I think it's it turns out to be
about three or four bottles of wine
um and you put it in the fridge and hey
there you go inmate Brew so happy
Brewing have fun take care I'll see you
next time cheers