[Music]
today I am going to make full for dinner
then I stop by and show you guys how I
make my football I got the bone marrow
I'm only waiting for the water to boil
first I'm gonna cook the bone rinse it
out and clean it really well before I
put in my actual pot I have about 8
liters of water in there and over here I
have beef tendons and hot rose
let's go ahead and put the bone marrow
first the weather is so cold today a
nice hot suit would be perfect I will
let that cook for at least five minutes
then I will rinse it out wash it really
well and put it in like the pot all
right guys
[Music]
I will put all the meat into the pot I
turned the heat down because the water
was boiling hard I didn't want it to
drop too much so I went to hand lower
the temperature in medium right now I
will turn it back up once I have
everything in there and here's the
tendon I am waiting for my onions
roasted onions celery and ginger to cook
right now in the oven
I will show you guys what it looks like
when it's done I'll be back and ginger
and salary' are good to go in the pot
this is what I this will it looks like
after it's been roasted
the event
[Music]
I will go ahead and remove the build-up
[Music]
all right guys let's go ahead and season
the broth now I'm using two types of
seasoning this is one of them okay the
second one
and then I will use sugar rock this is
the amount that I am putting okay so
this it comes with everything you need
to make your food taste good it has a
fresh you know all the herbs that's in
here to make a good a good soup all you
do is take that out there's two packs I
am NOT going to use the whole seasoning
since I'm using two different types I
don't want the suit to be too flavored I
like to be able to add you know a little
bit of other seasoning before I eat them
so I am just gonna do half of this for
now now this is what be flavorful soup
base so I'll use this much I'm using
half of that I'm not using the whole
thing instant beef broth I will use the
same I'm not gonna use a whole pack
[Music]
I think I'll probably do two tablespoon
for now I will adjust it later if it
needs to be I will cover this with the
lid and I will let it cook and center
close it and I will turn my heat all the
way down to mmm close to I would say low
medium so that you could get that simmer
going all right guys let's go ahead and
prepare the foot noodle I am using dry
foot noodle today and this is the kind
that I am using this is really good
noodle it's one of my favorite I prefer
this over the fresh noodle so all I'm
doing is just you know soak it in cold
water until it's soft what I normally do
is leave it in the water until I'm ready
to serve them
[Music]
alright guys my foot soup has been
cooking for a little over two hours I
turned the heat off and this is what it
looks like very greasy so I will need to
remove all of the before I do that let
me show you guys the tendon how soft it
is
here's of the tendons very soft I will
go ahead and remove that and here's the
pot roast this is how I like my pot
roast very soft
now sometimes I like to eat this with
sticky rice and some lao sauce jail
perfect
[Music]
given the step tone you see the meat
apart this house is I like to cook my
food here's the earth bag I'm gonna go
ahead and take that out I need to get
all these fat filled up let me taste it
and figure out how much seasoning I need
[Music]
just a little bit more not too much I'm
gonna turn my heat back to high to get a
boil I'm gonna add a little bit more of
this flavored for a soup base
I think this much that's a little bit
more now I will let it boil for another
30 minutes and that should finish up my
folk soup guys I am done with my full
soup here's what it looks like
look at this soup look how nice the
color is this is really tasty rich in
flavor
I took the salary the onions and the
ginger out okay let's take a look at the
phone's house salt the meat on the bone
look you can see the tendon comes right
off and this is our like to cook my blow
prof. I like to give it a long period of
time to cook all right guys once I fix
me a dish I will show you how I prepare
them and what type of seasoning I use
okay I am getting ready to fixed a dish
I want to show you guys what I use for
my garnishment for the noodles bean
sprout slice salary splice jalapeno
sliced onions cilantro and a little bit
of yellow onions and the vegetable I am
eating with I love vegetables
I got basil Thai basil I don't know the
name of this vegetables right here the
Asian vegetable salary not so pretty
string beans it's like not that nice but
it's okay and some chili fresh chili and
the meat just a regular pot roast beef
thinly sliced
and the tendons and the pot rose that I
cooked in the food broth for a good two
hour and a half very soft so as
attendance I am going to put the amount
of the soup that I will make just for
the dish the dish or the soup that I'm
making right now I don't want to heat up
the phone pot since the sauce or the
soup is really nice and flavor already I
don't want to drop the water level down
any more so I'm just gonna my husband's
gonna have it right now so I'm just
gonna make one for him
[Music]
so here's my first ah
and I am going to cook my noodles first
I'm waiting on the water right now to
boil for my seasoning for the foot I
like to use this it's a Thai foot pace
really good it's my favorite the hoisin
sauce the sriracha and the chili sauce
this is like the main seasoning that I
use to fix my soup of course I forgot
two more seasoning which is the fried
garlic and right Charlotte it is almost
gone as you can see I use this a lot
all right guys let me grab the strange
soap it's a dry noodle
[Music]
take the amount that you like to have
[Music]
I think that's good enough
[Music]
it doesn't take long to cook the noodle
since we soaked it in the water a good
long period of time so it doesn't take
me long it goes right into the hot water
and it starts to soften right away so I
won't cook it too long
[Music]
respectful
[Music]
it's hard to see since it's like white
I'll show you guys when I start mixing
everything in and then I'm gonna cook
the mead in this pot
[Music]
since I'm making this for my husband I
won't cook the meat too much or cook the
meat too well-done
but what I do do for the kids I do make
sure they're well done take the amount
you want basically
[Music]
just a quick drop into the hot water
this is how much I will cook it for him
still kind of bread a little bit let's
dip it a little bit more I'm going to
set that aside now I refrigerated the
tendons and the meat so I'm going to
cook that in the broth so that it kinds
of warm it up here's attendance
[Music]
that should be good enough let me rinse
my hand
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]