to align the doors of a freezer on
bottom French door refrigerator first
make certain that the refrigerator is in
its final
position on the ends of the grill there
are molded areas that jut out and cover
the brake feet to avoid possibly
breaking the grill grasp and hold the
inside front edges of the brake foot
covers firmly pulling both ends toward
you at the same time until the grill
releases raise the front stabilizing
brake f located on each side of the
refrigerator by turning counterclockwise
until they are visibly off the floor
depending on the model there may be two
or four adjustable rollers used to level
the refrigerator each roller can be
raised and lowered independently and has
a corresponding adjustment screw at the
base of the refrigerator one adjustment
screw on each side indicates the
refrigerator has front rollers and is
front leveling two adjustment screws on
each side indicate the refrigerator has
front and rear rollers the rear are for
stabilizing and the front are for
leveling the outer adjustment screws are
for the front rollers and the inner
adjustment screws are for the rear
rollers use a screwdriver or a 3/8 in
HEX driver for most models to turn the
roller adjustment screws on either side
to raise or lower that side of the
refrigerator referring to your use in
care guide will confirm the appropriate
size hex driver for your refrigerator
model turning the adust adjustment screw
to the right or clockwise lowers the
roller and raises that side of the
refrigerator turning the adjustment
screw to the left or counterclockwise
raises the roller and lowers that side
of the
refrigerator if the left door is higher
as shown here turn the right side front
roller adjustment screw clockwise to
raise that side of the
refrigerator if the right side door is
higher turn the left side front roller
adjustment screw clockwise Dev to raise
that side of the refrigerator it may
take several turns of the roller
adjustment screws to adjust the tilt of
the refrigerator adjust each roller
appropriately until the doors are level
and Clos easily making sure not to over
adjust as this may cause the
refrigerator to
rock warning excessive weight Hazard use
two or more people to move and install
the refrigerator failure to do so can
result in back or other
injury
having a second person push firmly
against the top front of the
refrigerator should take some weight off
the adjustment screws and rollers making
them easier to adjust once the
refrigerator doors are leveled lower the
front stabilizing brake feet by turning
clockwise until they are in firm contact
with the floor turn the front adjustment
screws on each side counterclockwise to
retract the front rollers and lower the
refrigerator allowing the full weight of
the refrigerator to rest on the
stabilizing brake feet recheck the
alignment to be sure it remains
unchanged replace the front Base Grill
by aligning the mounting clips with the
slots in the cabinet and pushing firmly
on both ends until the grill snaps into
place