what's going on guys I'm not here today
fishing with the ancient he and I are
developing some trout today trout for
sure and then maybe some sturgeon and
maybe some larger they might need some
fish and our trout fishing later a
beautiful day is November 5th today and
it's supposed to snow tomorrow so we
feel like this is one of the last really
good days to fish while it's pretty warm
outside so we're gonna get started
fishing let's do it so first thing we're
going to do is there's water coming down
from the spillway and from the dam up
here and if it runs gonna make some nice
little waterfalls and stuff more than
trout hang out in these spots here so
I'm actually gonna try something new run
try red tiger worms they basically look
almost just like night crawlers only a
little bit more red and I'm gonna try
one of these and just fish around these
little waterfall stuff see we catch some
trout for lunch
good work
with red tiger word he just tore it
apart all right hat number two I need it
under these waterfalls are good but
first
look at this beautiful cook just came
here
great eating size trout right there the
kids are weird - on his side
that's unfortunate pretty trout though I
didn't I decided okay
I decided not to a cast under the
waterfall and I cast ran out in the main
area it's just like you said and proud
of me of the day we're gonna eat this
guy yeah this is definitely a keeper
here absolutely good bill that was my
very first red tiger worm fish so I got
another one on there I don't know that
makes a difference as far as how many
trout you catch put the nice about red
tiger worms is that they um you don't
have to refrigerate it though they can
stay out in the heat or anything
and so that's nice they're low
maintenance but they are more expensive
but
they seem a little bit party or two
another great exercise
beautiful about 13 inches or so perfect
eating size
we have affixed the both of us well that
is cool first time fishing with red
tiger worms a really small hook on hook
it through twice and then just kind of
let it naturally flow through the water
all I have here or all I have is just a
split shot rig six pound test a tiny
little split shot and then just let the
worm kind of flow naturally through the
water well nothing in that in that
little pond up there I'm sure dropping
it weightless I took the split shot off
and I just drop this worm weightless
right in the waterfall so maybe it looks
like a worm got spit out and then just
let the current kind of take it
naturally down and see if it just like
floats right in front of a trout space
got one full whoo it's a good one look
at that I just let the worm this is what
the word drift naturally write down from
the waterfall yeah get him out of that
stuff what a beautiful fish
this is so much fun
put him on the stringer
on these trout look at that great mess
of trout I've only been here like 30
minutes or so three nice ones we're
gonna eat good for lunch alright guys so
there's this great ledge we come here
before a lot of factory it kind of grew
up around here and there's a great ledge
right out here sometimes there would be
largemouth on it so my dad is casted
with crankbait action hitting that ledge
mmm one more cats
that's the cast right there
I told you look at that he's a little
piggy there you go got really really
check it good - it's kind of on a pause
right here close nice pretty bronze back
Wow excellent very nice
[Applause]
there he goes miss your pops I says the
fires burned down just a little bit and
I've got a nice bed of coals going back
it's really hot right in this corner so
I'm gonna set the frying pan on there
and it's cast-iron frying pan dough that
I usually use and so it heats up really
quickly in fact sometimes I burned my
butter a lot when I first put it on
there because the cast iron just gets
unusually hot compared to other frying
pans all right and then what I often do
on my fish because I score it and that
allows the butter and like the seasons
get down in the meat not with trout it's
not that big of a deal because there's
such a thin like this is a pretty small
fish to cook and the meats really soft
so the flavoring kind of gets down in
there
but when you open like big fish or like
any kind like a thick fish for if the
meats like really it's a catfish their
meats like steak almost you want to
score it it's not way the flavors can
get down
[Music]
what
[Music]
here you just told me like two seconds
on the tractor trap they come around the
corner with the cow
nice job
[Music]
that was literally like like less than
30 seconds he told me I'm gonna go I'm
gonna try Fisher with his Scout rod he
comes in front of the camera
[Music]
perfect
the trellis to it
[Music]
that's assault one side
that man is kicking the heck out of
fishing over there
[Music]
it'll burn on that one side you never
get addition to our trout we've Avila
added a little chili to the feast today
the old man's homemade canned chili give
it a new layer look at that beautiful
sound you want the honors of the first
one
[Music]
oh wait I forgot emails I've had to add
mrs. Dash's lemon pepper I don't know
what I'm sleep
fresh-ground
that that was good this thing was
swimming around just like ten minutes
ago
I was going to give this fish to you but
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
a lot of lemon mrs. Dash's lemon pepper
on there flip it around lunch on this
side salt pepper and mrs. Dash's the
already trout is fresh and there's
nothing better than catching the kebabs
top of what you
mrs. Dash's lemon pepper seasoning I'll
put a link in the description and I
carry around this salt pepper shaker
it's a super light durable salt pepper
shaker you can drop it on the ground you
can't like break it unless you like
smash it with a rock or something super
durable and it has a screw on lid so
that the salt and pepper doesn't dump
out you can throw this in your tackle
box throw the mrs. Dash's new tact box
and then the frying pan might be an
issue because we carry cast-iron one but
so he's a little bit heavy can't fit you
throw that new tackle box but you can
get cheap frying pans at the thrift
store in fact the first time I put
together catch and cook pack twins in
the thrift store and I got one for like
three dollars or something like that
well so you keep talking because so you
can want some of that Travis Eddie but
zero thrift store put together your own
catch your foot pack and add so it's so
much fun to come out fishing and then to
like cook up your catch right on the
river is it's really whole yep extra fun
our fishing trip is actually being cut a
little bit short we didn't catch a lot
of fish we got trout bass super fun but
there's a storm headed our way right on
the horizon so we still have to paddle
across the river twice uh-huh cuz we
have to bring all their stuff back to
the truck we paddled over here on kayaks
and cross the river so we are going to
finish eating and then quickly and then
we're gonna pack it up no sturgeon
fishing unfortunately they I brought all
the sturgeon stuff but the weather's
going to chase us out of here
but thank you guys so much for watching
please smash that subscribe button if
you are new straight fishing in a pond
good time see you guys in the next one
[Music]