[Music]
parmesan crisps are a fantastic
pre-dinner snack I love them because
they're really crunchy and have that
savory palmer's and flavor you can do
these ahead of time but be sure to place
them in an airtight container now I'm
just going to cut off the rind of this
cheese you know what you don't actually
have to throw this away sounds weird but
placing these in a Bolognese gives it a
really rich flavor there's a really good
tip that a nun that taught me and now we
need to grate the parmesan so I'm going
to do this directly into a bowl now when
you're making these be sure to grate and
then start cooking them immediately you
don't want to grate this parmesan leave
it in the fridge because what will
happen is the moisture will get onto
these little flakes of parmesan making
them wet and that means that they won't
crisp up as much as they should it's
also important to remember to freshly
great parmesan so don't buy that
prepackaged parmesan it won't work as
well as freshly grated parmesan so I
need about 1 cup and now to bind this
together a little bit of plain flour so
one and a half tablespoons no more than
that because we really want to just
taste that Partizan and my next
ingredient rosarian parmesan our best
mates so I'll add just a small amount
we'll just pick off the leaves it's got
quite a strong flavor to it so I just
need a small handful about a teaspoons
worth and then finely chop it other
fantastic herbs that go with these palms
and crisps include time time would be
really lovely for this so any hard herb
works nicely run your knife through it a
few times so there's no big chunky bits
because these are going to be really
thin almost cobweb style crisps done
let's put that into the bowl now for
some freshly cracked pepper and they're
no salt required in this because the
parmesan is salty enough so just use
your hands to delicately mix this and
it's also a good idea to use a grater
that has fine teeth on it it really
makes a difference if it's quite chunky
or coarse
what will happen is it'll melt in big
clumps as
performing a lace-like disc now it's
time to make these so I'm going to heat
my pan up I'm using a large crepe pan
because it has a small lip around the
side this is going to make it so much
easier to flip our palmer's and crisps
also nonstick will make such a
difference with these crisps and I'm not
using any oil whatsoever
so once the thermo spot begins to go red
it's time to add our parmesan
and we want we have a tablespoon and a
bit and then once it just starts to melt
add a little bit more cheese a very thin
even layer once the size go a deep
golden color and it starts to firm up
it's time to turn it so a large palette
knife very gently lift and flip that's
the first crisp almost done now I'll
just cook this for another 30 seconds on
that side then we're going to take them
out they'll be really pliable at this
stage but once they cool down they
become very crispy all right let's make
a few more
[Music]
so happy with these crisps they're
gorgeous and crunchy they're golden and
the more practice you get on doing their
is I promise you the better you get look
at this one my last one see how thin it
is
it's like laced you can almost see
through it and that means it's going to
be even crispier so the best way to get
this result is to have that fresh
Parmesan cheese just a little bit of
flour a nonstick pan will seriously make
a difference when it comes to flipping
there's little beauties and like I said
they are perfect with a pre drink a nice
crisp cold wine with it he's truly a
match made in heaven when my friends
come over they always get very excited
when they smell these delicious palms
and crisps frying in the fry pans listen
to this Oh perfect
[Music]