welcome to Jason's detail tips everybody
in today's episode you're gonna get an
inside look on how we train a new
employee how to wash a car
[Applause]
[Music]
Jason's detail tips
welcome to Chicago water pros is our
newest employee on a welcome you here
now you're gonna start off where
everybody starts off and that's in the
prep bait you're gonna learn one of the
most basic but one of the most important
things here at Chicago water pros and
that's how to properly wash a car all
right as a new employee here at Chicago
water pros on a welcome you welcome to
our team now one of the first things
that all employees start is in the prep
bait you're gonna learn the most basic
but one of the most important things
that we do here at Chicago water pros
and that's how to wash a vehicle
properly now one of the first things I
like to teach new employees is to get in
the right mindset and teach you why we
wash cars the way we do there's a
certain process that we like to stick to
and we would like to stick to that
process because we want to make sure
that we're not instill in any scratches
swirl marks are marring into the
vehicle's paint now the paint surface is
very delicate anything that we do when
we touch a car could cause damage the
paint so everything we do in the carwash
process is to minimize the risk of
damaging the paint surface also one of
the hardest things for our new employees
to understand is the difference between
a maintenance wash & detailing prep
there are two different things
now it's only natural for us Detailers
to want to clean the car as much as
possible but there's certain things that
just don't come off with normal washing
you have tar you have SAP you have iron
particles you have built-up brake dust
now all these things are going to take
additional time additional chemicals and
different processes and we want to stay
within a certain time frame when washing
a car and we want to make sure that
we're delivering consistent results on
every wash that we do alright so the
first step of the wash process is going
to be to rinse the vehicle we want to
rinse off all the salt the dirt anything
that could potentially get in the mitt
and scratch the paint we're gonna use
this pressure washer the pressure washer
is a great tool to rinse off the car
we're gonna rinse the wheel well in the
wheels at the same time but with any
tool you want to make sure you know how
to properly use it you want to keep this
tip anywhere from a foot to a foot and a
half off the vehicle surface we don't
want to damage
anything and you also want to be aware
of sensitive areas on the vehicle any
damaged stay away from convertible tops
any soft convertible tops you want to
stay far away you don't want to damage
anything all right so the first step to
the washing process is the wheels also
wear gloves too now we're gonna have a
wheel bucket you should have a wheel
bucket on each side of the vehicle for
convenience we have different types of
tools in these buckets let me show you
real quick so we have our mitt here this
is used for cleaning the face of the rim
especially black rims it's nice and soft
so we don't damage it we have a couple
different brushes that we use this is a
bristle brush and then we have wheel
Woolies this is my favorite for getting
inside the barrel of the rim we also
have just a regular microfiber that you
can use sometimes I'll use that on the
wheel wells in the face of the rim we
have smaller wheel Woolies that you can
use to get behind the caliper and then
we have just your regular normal wheel
brush here this is gonna be used for the
rubber or for the face like I said again
I don't like to use these bristles when
it comes to black rims like this I just
don't want to risk scratching it I'd
rather use a softer material like this
wash mitt or a microfiber like this so
we're gonna start by using our
all-purpose degreaser here we use this
on rubber engines and tires we're gonna
spray down the entire wheel the rubber
part the barrel and the wheel well we're
gonna start by cleaning the barrel I'm
gonna use my favorite tool here the
wheel Wooley and we're gonna clean the
barrel of the rim making sure to get
behind these spokes so you've got to
kind of maneuver the brush back and
forth a little bit get all the way back
in there
we're gonna clean the face of the rim
I'll use this mitt right here to clean
the face of the rim we have a couple
different brushes that we use this is a
bristle brush I use this brush here to
clean the rubber part of the tire and
then on a normal detail prep we would
clean the entire fender well here but
for when we're just doing our
maintenance wash we're just cleaning the
edge here so you can take that
microfiber and just clean that edge
we're gonna rinse the tire we're gonna
work one wheel at a time we got three
more wheels to do make sure you don't
have that chemical dry on there so it's
rinse it and move on alright getting you
ready to wash the body of the car we
have two buckets here we have one filled
with just water and the other one is our
soap and water and each of the buckets
on the bottom we have these grit guards
now these are gonna act like a barrier
for the mitt because on the bottom of
the bucket you're gonna collect all that
dirt and salt and grime and everything
and we don't want this mitt to pick up
any of that and transfer it to the car
so those grit guards will act as a
barrier between that mitt and the bottom
of the bucket all right if the vehicle
has bugs on the front you can use the
same degreaser that you used on the
wheel cleaner and you can spray the
front here this is gonna help loosen up
all those bug guts and it's a stronger
cleaner than the regular soap that we're
going to use for the rest of the vehicle
we're going to use our snow foam and
just cover the entire car
[Applause]
all right grab your mitt and we're
actually gonna start washing the vehicle
now when you're washing the vehicle you
don't want to pretty put any pressure on
the wash mitt it should just be the
weight of the mint back and forth and we
always start at the top and our work our
way to the bottom I'm gonna clean the
half of the top here and I'm going to
clean this windshield and then I'm gonna
rinse the mid off when you rinse it
bring it over to your water bucket rinse
it nice you can rub it on the bottom
there at the grit guard wring it out get
it back in your soap and it can come
wash another panel now when you're
washing this panel you can see that I'm
using kind of like a back-and-forth
motion almost like a grid you can go
back and forth here you don't want to do
like the Crazy Eights where you get into
washing like this you're gonna miss
spots is just natural so use that kind
of grid pattern and again no pressure
just the weight of the mitt is going to
be enough to clean that surface dirt off
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all right so the bottom of the vehicle
is always gonna be your dirtiest part of
the vehicle so that's why we always wash
from the top to the bottom that bottom
should be the last part that you wash
and this is gonna be your dirt you're
gonna have dirt in this mitt now you
don't want to come back and wash
anything now that you have a dirty mitt
you want to make sure that you rinse
this before you go to any other part of
the car because all that dirt and all
that grime on there if you come up to
this panel and start washing now you're
gonna start grinding in all that salt in
that dirt and that's where all the
scratching that's where all the marring
comes from so best wash practices get
back and rinse it rub it against that
grit guard and you can continue washing
from the top all the way down to the
bottom if you want to make sure that
bottom is really clean sometimes I'll
just flip the mitt and I'll give it one
more good cleaning all right for bigger
SUVs or trucks or cars that you just
can't get the roof you might be tempted
to open up the door and to step up on
the rocker panel but you definitely
don't want to do that you could have
rocks in your shoes that could scratch
it the better idea is to bring over the
stepladder that we have and you can step
on it and then you can safely wash the
top of the big truck or SUV or van or
whatever you're working on all right
after you wash the entire body you can
now rinse the vehicle again make sure
you're doing it from top to bottom
all right when you're rinsing the
vehicle and if you notice that the water
on the panel is very flat it makes it
hard to dry it because there's a lot of
water to dry off the vehicle so a
solution for that is to use our drying
agent you'll just spray the entire
vehicle real quick and then rinse it off
this is going to make it hydrophobic and
it's and make it a lot easier to wash
[Music]
all right now that the paint is nice and
hydrophobic we can use our blower this
is going to blow all that beating
hydrophobic water off it's going to help
clear all of the cracks crevices and the
mirrors you can use it on the tires in
the rims to again work from the top to
the bottom
all right when it comes to drying the
vehicle use these nice big microfiber
waffle weave towels you're gonna have
two of them one is gonna be your main
drying hand you want to get most of
water up with this main one and that's
going to be your first towel that you
use on most the panels and then come
back with this second one again just
like washing the car nice and light
there's no need to overuse excessive
pressure or anything just nice and light
first towel and then your second towel
to wipe off any excess water all right
we have two types of washes we have our
basic wash which is the one that I just
showed you we're just going to dry the
vehicle we also have a signature wash
and that's gonna add this spray sealant
sio2 spray sealant on it and I really
like this because one it adds some
protection and two it adds lubrication
between the the paint and the towel so
you can spray just a couple sprays right
on the towel and then you're gonna dry
off the vehicle like normal and then use
your second towel again to remove all
the residue and it's that simple work
panel by panel a couple sprays I'll work
this fender I'll just dry everything off
the fender there come back with my
second towel and just wipe up all the
residue and work your way around the
vehicle the same way this can go on the
windows
after you finished drying the vehicle
we're gonna clean the door jambs but we
don't want to use these nice body towels
and get them all gross with all the
grease and everything that's in the door
jambs we use these separate towels here
these separate microfiber towels pretty
simple open up all the door jams and
wipe them all down now if it's a Tesla
or a Porsche or something that has a
rear engine we want to lift up that
front and clean all the door jams and
the trunk jams - all right if the
customer wants tire shine you can apply
the tire shine and then we're gonna
bring it outside and make sure you
double check the car if you find any
small spots that you missed you can grab
some onr and a nice microfiber towel and
spray the towel and gently wipe any
spots that you may have missed when you
on the washing process bring an extra
towel to to wipe off all the excess tire
shine and that's pretty much it that's
all you need to know about washing a car
it's pretty simple if you have the right
tools and the right process if you've
got any questions let me know in the
comments below but otherwise thanks for
watching Jason's detail tips
[Music]