I'm somebody who always loves to have a
cold beverage I'm not much of a coffee
drinker so I'm always experimenting with
different flavors for iced tea
just regular iced tea is okay but it's a
little boring so here's three versions
of iced tea that you might like to try
our first is inspired by a mojito no
alcohol in this but it does have some of
the same elements I've started here with
green tea I just brewed some green tea
bags with water added it into my pitcher
and now I'm going to add flavors these
infuse and pitchers are fantastic
because they're a great way to add
fruits or spices or herbs into your tea
so with this mojito version I'm taking
some fresh basil and really here with
this mortar and pestle
I'm just really working to release the
oils there's some fresh mint here and
basil smells fantastic
the aroma of that is wonderful we're
going to add those into this infusion
cylinder and to that I'm also going to
add some citrus I have some lemons I
have key limes and some regular limes
really fill that up as much as you can
to get all of that good flavor and then
I'll top it off with a few more sprigs
of mint then I drop that down into my
green tea
and after you let that sit for a little
while you'll have the flavor of all of
your citrus along with the basil and the
mint working into your green tea add an
extra lemon and there is your mojito
inspired iced tea now for those of you
who prefer a tea that perhaps doesn't
have any caffeine you can find a red
herbal tea and I find the best types of
things to infuse into a red herbal tea
are red fruits so here I've pulled
together raspberries watermelon and
strawberries this is a great way to use
fruits to when they're starting just to
turn a little bit but you hate to throw
them out or maybe you have picky kids
who say I don't want to eat that
strawberry it looks a little brown throw
it into your iced tea nobody will know
the difference so there are some
raspberries some watermelon some
strawberries YUM it smells good too and
from there we're going to add that right
into our pitcher looks beautiful doesn't
it put the lid on top and now you have a
red herbal tea no caffeine and a
beautiful presentation great hits the
spot chai teas are really popular right
now so this is my version of an iced
chai tea where we've taken a vanilla
chai tea and brewed that but we're going
to mix it with orange juice this orange
juice has been infused with cinnamon
we've basically mold it on our stovetop
for all of about five minutes orange
juice and some cinnamon sticks to infuse
that cinnamon flavor into the juice
itself to make this I'm going to follow
the markings on my pitcher doing half
and half
half of the orange juice cinnamon
combination and half of my vanilla chai
tea inside of my infuser I'm going to
add more orange and cinnamon the
cinnamon sticks and the orange will give
this a really juicy flavor and now you
have an orange vanilla chai tea with a
little hint of cinnamon don't forget you
can watch all past episodes of your home
with Jill by going on over to QVC comm
and typing in YH J just click on episode