welcome to microwave chef episode 2
today Angemon is complete buttermilk
pancakes can we make this in the
microwave you're about to find out for
this recipe you'll need 1/2 cup of the
pancake mix 1/2 cup of water step one
put pancake mix in a bowl step 2 add
water
step 3 mix until even step 4 pour it
into plate step 5
open microwave step 6 put plate in
microwave step 7 closed microwave
step 8 pull for five minutes step nine
watch cook step 6
flip the pancake halfway through step
seven put it in for a minute
step 8 take it out because it's done all
right time for the taste test before you
any pancake in need sir I like aren't
your mama's
butter rich syrup oh my I'm sure mama
complete pancake made in the microwave
let's try this
okay so obviously this pancake is hard
probably because I left it in the
microwave too long so I'm just gonna eat
it with my hands
okay
tastes like a pancake
but it's too hard probably because I
left in a microwave too long but other
than that I think I'm gonna give it a
thumbs up so tune in next Thursday where
we're gonna cook scrambled eggs in the
microwave because too many people told
me I can't make eggs in the microwave I
can't reheat in the microwave we gonna
find out