you're going to show you how to get more
out of your garden this is classic
damage to a little god what malls can
actually do the product we're going to
use I taught the clean easy catalog
that's it's it's cedarwood mothballs and
i'll show you how well could you're
going to use it the thing with malls
they've got extremely sensitive noses
and anything like that's gonna frighten
them off so the first thing we've got to
do is remove them from the area where
they actually in the garden and then
what I'm actually going to f----- you in
a few minutes time there's where the
motorway is run in different fields and
then you have to put these in there as
well so that's gonna be the next thing
you're gonna see on this little clip it
is a little table like this and this is
to find out where the actual runs are
and it's easy to do which you'll just
see well what you've got to do is find
out where the run is it's quite the easy
where you get the you get the doublers
you just keep going round doesn't go in
very much keep go around looking
pressing all of a sudden it shoots right
down that's where the molehill runs are
going to be you two in each of them so
what you're gonna have to do is drop
some of the little and cedarwood balls
down to each of these holes
that's where where the holes are let's
get some of these cedar wood balls
remember the Moors are really sensitive
to this smell for this for some reason
they're just to not like them so put a
few in and use your table to make sure
they get pushed right down into their
holes and what you've got to do that
let's do it run a few of these different
more hills in the garden that you've
actually got that will chase them out in
a second I'm going to show you whether
mortar at waterways are and this is to
say here's another garden and absolutely
normal hills in it at all
now what happened is because I've
actually put the cedar wood balls from
the clean easy catalog along the side if
you look at the side of Rama
on the walls that's where the moles run
around just run on the sunny side of on
on all the walls so I'll show you in a
second how to find actually where them
runs are and that's an important place
to actually put all these balls in
different places so that they're the
moles get chased off your land under
somebody else's side of the wall coming
down
can we add a blur what you want to find
is where the main motorways are nothing
something here
down at all all of a sudden it shoots
right down that's means that's where the
motorway is running it'll be running
right down the side of that wall so all
the walls in your garden on the motorway
is whether the malls are running make
sure you put lots of cedar about four or
five of the cedar wood that mothballs
from the cleanings you catalog in each
of them that should chase all the moles
out to the land blast for a good six or
seven months soon as they come back just
repeat the process if