hey home improvers I'm really happy you
enjoyed Tom's Video last month we're so
lucky to have him on the hgmm team so
are you ready to tackle some painting
here's Tom with some very mmortal tips
to get you started and don't forget to
check out the homecraft Chronicles for
more of Tom's Home Improvement videos
hey Steve thanks a lot Tom here guys
from the homecraft Chronicles and today
on home and garden for M Mortals I'm
going to show you some tips and
techniques to help you get the picture
perfect paint job every time okay to get
started the first thing you need to know
about how to get a good paint job is
good paint and good tools people ask me
all the time Tom what's a good paint to
use my standard answer is any paint is a
good paint to use any brand is a good
paint to use provided you buy a good
quality of that brand don't buy the $8
gallon of paint you're going to get $8
paint job a good gallon of paint
nowadays is going to cost you anywhere
from 28 to $35 to $40 but it's going to
be worth it you're going to get a much
much better result buy a good brush this
brush here is going to cost you 15 10 15
bucks but it's going to be worth it I've
had this brush probably for 10 years I
clean it I take care of it and it's
lasting me this long and it's still good
latex paint you want a good nylon
polyester brush you after you clean the
brush you're going to put it back in
this package that cares for and keeps
the brush good this room here that I'm
using has recently been painted so I'm
just changing the color it's already
prepped it's already smooth repaired
whatever so I'm not going to worry about
this but obviously you're going to want
to caul your cracks spackle your holes
do any touch-up priming covering stains
I could talk for an hour just on
that the first step and any paint job is
cutting in the corners some people call
it trimming I call it cutting in that's
what you're going to do with a brush I'm
using what's called a sash brush here
it's angled you can do the same thing
with straight brush I just happen to
grab this today I've poured from my
gallon into here I never paint out of
the gallon you contaminate the paint you
get all the little hard dried nubbies in
there that ends up getting on your
roller all over the wall it's a
nightmare always work from a work pot
another thing I only have about this
much paint in my work poot it's because
when I dip my brush in here I'm dipping
and I'm not scraping on the the side
you're padding on the side that way you
leave paint on the paintbrush if you
scrape it off what are you going to
paint the wall with so now let's cut in
the wall okay we're going to cut in the
wall now important thing to know is I'm
a lefty so I'm going to paint to the
right you always want to paint dry and
paint back into wet so I'm going to
start in this corner here I'm going to
paint out this way and always brush back
into the wet and then I'm going to start
in the corner it doesn't matter whether
I use the the tall side or the short
side of this brush another thing a brush
was not meant to work sideway I mean you
can work sideways but you're you're
you're using an inch of the brush rather
than two two and a half or three inches
of the brush so you load up some paint
on the brush dab it on the wall and just
work it down into the corner and then
brush out it's counterintuitive some
people think well if I have too much
pain on the brush it's going to be SL Cy
that's actually the opposite if you have
a a decent amount of paint on the brush
and you get the edge in there and work a
nice bead off the edge of the
brush you can paint it right out just
put a little pressure on the brush
spread the bristles out a little bit and
you get a nice
Edge okay I've got this wall cut in now
another tip another reason why you don't
work out of your gallon of paint you put
it in a work pot with only about this
much what am I going to do with this
brush when I have to roll in yeah you
could say lay it on across the top but
in the time you're rolling in this is
going to start to gum up if you put it
right in the paint just dip it in the
paint it's and leave it there I've only
got this much on the paintbrush it's
going to keep the paintbrush from drying
up and it's not going to get all gummed
up working all the way up into the
bristles okay now it's time to roll just
like the paintbrush a good roller handle
and a good roller cover save the the
plastic
bag I've already used this roller cover
I cleaned it it's a good quality roller
cover I've cleaned it and put it back in
the bag and I can use it again Smooth
Wall people are going to tell you it
says right in the package smooth walls
38 inch nap I'm going to tell you half
inch nap I never use anything less than
a/ inch nap why because I can get more
paint in a/2 inch nap when I'm loading
up my roller you can see I'm rolling
into the paint from the dry
area and I get a nice even coat on the
roller you want to offload the roller
first in an M or W pattern and then go
back and even it out let me show
you so you put the paint on the
wall and then just go back in long
strokes from top to
bottom and even it out
people ask me when I'm painting Tom how
do you know when you need more paint on
the roller well easy when it looks like
you need more paint on the roller if it
looks like there's not enough paint and
you have to press to get paint out of
the roller just go load the roller
again and in 25 or 30 seconds I painted
this little wall here is I'm only
painting a half a wall here cuz I have
tile but if this was a full wall I'd
paint this top
half and then i' reload the roller I'd
paint the bottom half and then I would
roll long strokes all the way from top
to bottom to blend in both sides with
the unloaded roller after it's all
painted and I would work that way across
the room so that's it guys I painted the
room the way I showed you let it dry hit
it with another coat and it looks great
if you use the tips and techniques that
you've seen here you can tackle any
painting project in your own home any
questions you have leave them in the
comments below we'll try to answer them
for you also if you have any tips on
painting projects around your own home
that'd be great we'd love to hear those
as well in the meantime why you
subscribe right here to home and garden
for mirm Mortals that way you won't miss
any of the great information that we
have to help you celebrate your home
also when you're done checking out all
the great stuff here come on over visit
me at homecraft Chronicles and see what
kind of projects I got going on so
that's it for now my name is Tom from
the homecraft Chronicles until I see you
next time right here on home and garden
from Mortals take care