tell all my friends Kyle McCoy here and
if you're like me in the course of
making perler bead pixel art you're
gonna spill a few beads here and there
and picking them up one at a time can be
a drag which is what you might think I
was crazy to do something like this
oh no perler beads everywhere right have
no fear the perler bead sweeper is here
it's got these neat little spinny
brushes that collect the beads observe
simply set it down push it forward and
you'll be cleaned up in no time
it works on carpet it works on wood
sometimes it works outside it works on
the dog what it works on Sundays it
works white week no batteries no plug
just push it along and when you're done
you can open up this back compartment
and get all your beads isn't it nice
when a product works perfectly the
perler bead sweeper let the good times
roll