hi guys here is the original Hungarian
recipe for a goulash and these are the
ingredients that you will need to make
it perfect so we'll add them accordingly
but for now I just want to show you what
we need and of course you're gonna use
your favorite pen for example we are
using that cast iron pan which is our
favor but you can use your favorite one
and then this is the lurid you're gonna
put in you can use less or more you can
use some oil whatever you would like so
we'll get some heat going there
and slowly the rest so now that the oil
is very hot we will add the carrots
first and right after that we will add
the onions
and on the other going in right now
though you're not and get that in the
high temperature for it mix it up a
little bit here for like five to ten
minutes as long as it turns a little bit
Goebbels butt bone over to it because
you want the flavor stage go after a few
minutes I'll come back and do the next
step okay so the onions and carrots look
very good few minutes passed by now
they're gonna add the meat so just add
all the meat in there and now you're
gonna stir everything make sure you stir
the meat with onions and carrots really
nicely and let me get the juices out and
step back up in a few minutes
there's a little more meat here and
inside a little bigger but they're worth
working pretty good so their engines
went very well
good job there
[Applause]
so that would be our second step of the
procedure the rest of the ingredients
will add on the end and make sure you
stay tuned for the end where the magic
actually does happen so as you can see
that looks excellent now we'll let that
run for a few minutes and then stir it
back up so now about 20 minutes past
they kept stirring this meat frequently
on high heat so you can see the meat
cooking really good so give it a little
final stir right now and the next step
is to lower the heat very low and let it
cook
right so so now they're going a low heat
let it cook for for about 50 minutes and
every 15 minutes give it a stir and
we'll come back later for the next step
after this is done so I gave it a little
stir as I said try to do it every 15
minutes and you want to make sure that
your heat is on low as long as you can
see the water bubbles coming from
underneath that means it's perfect
so you don't want to do too much or too
low so you can see that's very good so
continue like that for maybe next two
hours or come back and let you guys know
the next time so about hour and a half
in they're going to add the garlic
so that's not going that easy so I hope
my health route here so garlic is in
next is a pepper black pepper and he's
gonna give that a nice stir it here and
as you can see we have on the right hand
side the potatoes they're gonna go with
mashed potatoes for our side you can use
rice mashed potato pasta whatever you
prefer like the hospital so about hour
and hour and thirty minutes in the alley
those blue ingredients they still have
salt and paprika here
a little bit later but for now and
that's it again so this will be the
final step a lot of the white flour here
in some oil frying pan
right after that some way on next so
this the process takes some minutes
approximately
so we are in the Hungarian paprika now
[Music]
so this here the beat Brock
as was cooking for about two and a half
hours
and then we're having salt
and the final mixture audio all together
and let this cook for about 20 minutes
and then it's gonna be ready to be
served