hi there Lindsay here The Frugal crafter
today I'm going to show you how to fix
your ink pads if they separate from the
base it's really easy to do and you're
going to need a glue that's called
Gorilla Glue um you can get it in bigger
containers but I really like these
single use ones because I had the glue
hardening the container on me before and
then like you've got a whole container
that's gone bad and it's not the
cheapest glue so I really don't want to
waste it so you can get like I said I
think it's four or five of these little
single use glues for about the same
price as a bottle whereas there's
stuff in these little ones but you get
to use all of it because they don't dry
out on you so what you want to do is
actually on the plastic base part whoops
I just unscrewed the spout um on the
plastic base part you want to put a few
drops of glue so I'm just going to do
one two three don't go crazy with this
and you can spread it around a little
bit with a tip um if you put too much
it's going to seep out this stuff
expands while when it cures okay so you
just want a little bit of glue can you
see that there just a little bit of glue
on there right then what you want to do
is Spritz it with water okay cuz you
this works best damp that's why it's
really good for ink pads because um the
ink pads are already wet from the ink
and then you just want to put your pad
back in and just gently tap it into
place okay I'm using going to try to use
a different finger each time so that I
don't um contaminate My Ink
pads just kind of Center it up
there and you can actually cap this up
as long as your you're careful not to
get glue to the edges you don't want to
glue your cap on this stuff is really
rugged it's meant for um well it's meant
for a lot of surfaces but you know it's
really meant for damp surfaces because
you're supposed to wet the glue before
you clamp it down and that really gives
it its strength so um then what I can do
is just I could stack these up these are
from a color box Q so they kind of come
like that um and cap it up and give it
about 30 minutes to dry now these I did
um a little while ago and I did this one
and this one too because if you remember
from my video yesterday I had some of
the pads come loose so let's just um
let's just see I can do the direct to
paper and look the pad's not coming
loose so that happens after these pads
get um a certain a certain amount of age
to them they just the the glue dries out
and they come off that's a great way you
can replace them and I have done that
with fullsize pads too and it works
great and it works really good on those
little petal Point um pads anything
you're using for direct paper is going
to take some abuse and it'll kind of
need that now somebody asked me if I
knew how to make chalk ink oh by the way
make sure you recap your Gorilla Glue
here because I will tell you um you can
get quite a few uses like I was able to
repair at least six ink pads with this
but um you know so you could probably do
quite a bit with one of these little
single use it just keeps it from drying
in the container it gives you a little
more time to use it before it's all it's
all hard so that's my product pick would
be to get those instead of the bigger
one and I I really like Gorilla Glue
it's a good glue okay so to make your
own chalk ink we're actually going to
use chalk so this ink pad really needs a
ink ining I'm going to just kind of
stamp it out so you can barely see any
but I'm going I want to try to get some
in there just so I can see it's kind of
like a bluish gray and I don't even have
enough in there to um to show you so to
make your own ink what you're going to
do is Squirt like one Squirt from a
spray bottle of water on your tile and
I'm just using a regular tile you could
use an old plate whatever you have and
then I'm going to try to find um chalks
that are about the same color boy this
one's really
close and you can mix your colors which
is really and what you're going to do
kind of like the way a um Chinese brush
artist a calligrapher would grind a
stick of ink you're going to grind your
pastel stick down and it's not going to
damage your pastels but I would still
use you know an inexpensive pastel I
wouldn't go and use your know SCH Sminky
or you know Rembrandt pastels just get
you know the cheapies like the SMI I
think this whole kit was like I don't
know 10 or 12 bucks so that is
absolutely fine it'll work just fine for
this and you want to just keep grinding
it down until you've got got um a bunch
of ink there I'm going to do a little
bit of this color too cuz that feels a
little too dark to me so I'm going to
keep on I'm going to scribble this it
takes a couple seconds for the um kind
of the tip of the pastel to get wet I'm
just going to kind of get that over
there just to get it loosen up a little
bit but then um you can see it really
makes a nice ink now I tried to make my
own chalk ink with gouache but I found
it hardened in the ink pad a little bit
too much um I think the binder and the
gouache were just a little too much for
this it doesn't really need that much
binder um so but by grinding the chalk
it worked really really well so there I
can mix those two together that's a
really close color and I love that with
The Pastels they come in so many colors
so it's really easy to uh to get them so
what I'm doing is basically just soaking
up the ink with my little ink pad here
which is super super
dry cuz I tried to use this yesterday
and I didn't have enough ink in
it there and so it absorbed almost all
of that in there so I would really let
this sit for a while before I um used it
but I do want to just kind of give you a
little a little demonstration here um
I'm just going to gently you just have
to tap very gently with these inks on
the with the spongy applicators that
they have and I can
just stamp it right down and see I've
got I got a pretty decent it's a light
color but it's got a pretty decent
impression I'm looking at the edge of
the pad I could probably even make more
ink and so I could see that that seeped
all the way down and got nice and
colorful but um try a little direct to
paper how that goes yeah it looks real
juicy I got to let that soak in there a
little bit more but that's how you can
make your very own chalk ink all you
need is chalk and water and a tile to
mix it out on I hope you found this
helpful if so let me know in the
comments below um make sure you clean
your tile between doing your colors just
so you don't contaminate your ining pads
but this works great and it's easy and
affordable I want to thank you so much
for watching please give me a thumbs up
if you want to see more DIY art supplies
and I'll keep bringing those tutorials
for you thanks so much for watching
until next time happy crafting