hey guys Ben here so this is going to be
a tutorial on how to turn some yellowed
plastic into the white again now this is
white on this side because someone left
it outside like this for too long and
the UV light has turned the white
plastic yellow so in order to get this
turning white again let's make a run to
Sally's Beauty
Supply look for developer if you ask for
some help they should know what you're
talking about 40 references the
percentage of hydrogen peroxide is in
this and so we are looking for the
highest number possible uh without going
too overboard 30 is okay 40 is what I'm
going to do they have 50 and I think
they actually have higher than that now
we have two different types we have the
clear version and the cream clear is
basically just liquid which we would
have to submerge our whole part into but
since they have a cream we can just
smear it on and this is much more
convenient and much more efficient so
we're going to go ahead and get the
cream one okay so we're we're going to
take our stuff hopefully not get this
everywhere and I'm going to put it over
the whole part even the part that
doesn't need the whitening simply
because I don't want it to turn yellow
in this process that'd be kind of stupid
cuz the UV light is what turned this
yellow in the first place but the
hydrogen peroxide in this is what will
turn it back now that that is all coated
we're going to take our ziplock bag and
put it in
there now this stuff isn't exactly
dangerous for your skin but it's not
something you want to keep on your hand
so just make sure you wash your hands
off afterwards and I'm not quite sure if
it works on the orange part but you can
see that that's kind of discolored and I
run into that a lot the orange being
discolored so we might as well give that
a try and see if that works it's very
important that you don't let this dry on
your part which is why we're putting it
in the bag cuz it would evaporate but we
don't want to this to dry on the part
because it will ruin it however if your
part is too big for a plastic bag wrap
it in cling film and that will prevent
it from evaporating so that you won't
have any troubles just make sure that
it's all sealed up and stuff but you
don't necessarily have to have a plastic
bag so I've put this outside at exactly
2:00 p.m. this needs to be left out here
for about 4 or 5 hours and it's in
direct sunlight and about every hour or
so I'm going to come out and just kind
of rotate it because obviously the
light's coming from One Direction and we
want everything to be even so try to set
it up as best you can make sure
everything is in the light I'll set my
alarm and come back in an hour to rotate
it but that's kind of boring so I'm just
going to skip this process so it's been
about an hour and I was about to turn it
and I realized uh it's still moist in
there I'm it's still covered and
everything but uh and it is actually
working but for some reason I just feel
like I should put another layer of this
on there I don't think it's necessary
but uh just for the record I am putting
another layer on there so I'm going to
put it out there and turn it and put
another layer on so I'm back with these
parts it's 5:00 p.m. and I'm kind of
running out of daylight so I kind of had
to stop this experiment short if it was
up to me I'd keep it out there for
another hour cuz it's only been out
there for 3 hours now but it's actually
working pretty well you can see a little
bit of yellowing in person you can't
pick it up on camera but it's just a
little bit of yellow
you might be able to see the shade
difference from here to here ever so
slightly so I'd keep it out there for
maybe an hour longer but it's definitely
worked and so this is the first time I'm
doing this in person so it's kind of
cool to see the
results but that is definitely a whole
lot wider note it did not work for the
orange piece unfortunately as a matter
of fact I think the rest of it got a
little bit more bleached so don't use it
on colored Parts but for white
Parts actually worked really really well
unfortunately I did forget to take a
proper photo of this before I actually
did this I don't know why I forgot but I
have a comparison photo here and
hopefully that will give you some idea
you can see that the picture is a little
bit darker but it does still represent
very well how much of a change this is
and if it was up to me I would leave
this out for probably another hour or
two just to fully whiten it cuz it is
just a little bit yellow you might be
able to see the line right here where my
thumb
is but in any case I think it came out
excellent and hopefully I can have some
more tips like these for you guys out in
the near future if you have any
questions go ahead and leave them in the
comments below thanks for watching