welcome to the first Friday of 2018 I'm
in crush development isn't this exciting
a whole nother year of drink making
ahead of us I make drinks every Friday
that I see on Pinterest I've been doing
it for a couple years now
still haven't run out of drink ideas so
as long as there are drink ideas to try
I'm a triumph so the month of January I
thought it would be fun to do all
champagne type drinks like celebration
drinks so I do have a month like for
drinks lined up of champagne drinks
however I received this wonderful craft
cocktails calendar and I thought it
would be fun to try the the monthly
drink on this calendar every month and
for January it's not a champagne drink
so even though I want to do all
champagne celebration drinks in January
I can't start the year off already
breaking my rule that we're going to try
drinks on the calendars this month is an
amaretto sour believe it or not I've
never had one quick disclaimer I don't
know if it's a disclaimer but in the
past any drink that has required
amaretto I have I accidentally purchased
Disaronno and I'm like they look the
same they probably are similar but now
that I'm having an actual amaretto sour
I couldn't very well use d serrano
because it is different but does it
taste different I'm gonna test taste
test them right now and find out if
they're actually the same thing
amaretto has a classic flavor of bitter
almonds and tender apricots apricots how
do you say it it's not bad that's like a
you know I don't write me up my mom used
to always wear
Jurgens cherry almond lotion she would
put it on I feel like that's what I'm
drinking but in a good way Disaronno
doesn't even have a description it's
just an Italian liqueur okay they're
very similar to me I think this is the
same drink this one the other one goes
down a little smoother if that's the
thing but I don't think I needed to buy
this they taste exactly the same
these Serrano is an amaretto tasting
liqueur with a characteristic almond
taste made in Italy let's get started
shall we
to make the amaretto sour you need to
pour into a cocktail shaker filled with
ice 1/2 ounces of amaretto liqueur 1
ounce of simple syrup and 3/4 ounce of
fresh lemon juice we're going to shake
it and strain it we're gonna garnish it
with an orange slice and a maraschino
cherry and we're gonna love it would you
just look at her I think it's gorgeous I
think I really nailed my first amaretto
sour it was easy to make it's pretty
simple ingredients so far we're we're
doing really well on my rating system
but now is for the make-it-or-break-it
or the deal breaker this is for the
final conclusion that is delightful I
think I could have done with a little
less simple shirt so syrup because it is
a little bit sweet the lemon offsets
that I don't know what the orange is for
but I like the way it looks I could
drink this and not vomit afterwards that
is when you know you've got a winner on
your hands this is a panty drink you
make when your husband gets home from a
long day at work and you need something
to sip while you listen to how his day
went I really enjoy I think an amaretto
sour is a home run I don't know what
took me so long but I've got glad I got
this calendar to show me the way and
give me some new ideas Thanks calendar
make yourself an amaretto sour if you
don't have amaretto you can use
Disaronno if you don't have Bommarito or
d sorrento scrap it have a glass of wine
and a good weekend Cheers