this guy is the craziest dude I've ever
seen it's absolutely nuts we just
finished fishing for 9 hours on Little
senica Lake caught two bass at the very
end he catches a fish and you guys are
about to see what happens next what
should I drive right
now I see I see a bass on the bottom
right there drop it on his head yeah
right here the big big crappie is
reminiscent of our day we have December
that one it is you hook one
oh that fish I hope so I think it's oh I
think it's a fish dude that's a fish I
think it's a fish that's a fish oh I got
something on my little cast Master what
is it a crappie crappie yeah oh is it
not that bad of crappie what is it it's
a crappie oh it is a crappie I got paper
mouth oh it's not a bad crappie either
that is so awesome I got one you got one
dude I don't think you realize what's
about to happen what but there's going
to be something special going on in this
boat uh
what was
that Michael didn't you tell me one time
you don't eat fish that's true yeah but
I told you if we ever got into some
crappie that there might be a black and
fish sandwich coming I think you did
mention that yeah were we also talking
about like survival things we did we
were weren't we yeah I've been hoping
I'd get a crappie all day for one reason
what's that you're about to eat a black
and fish sandwich a black and fish
sandwich that's a good one dude is it
hold on to your horses buddy uhoh uhoh
what's he doing here now we surprised
you with a maple bacon donut right yeah
yep yeah oh God what what's Cornell
pulling out his bag of tricks
now there's the
cheese there's the butter there's the
pickles what the heck you actually have
all of it hold on a second it's going to
get this gets better wait do you
actually have it what there's a stove is
that a joke this is that for real what'
I tell you oh my God you're not kiding
around here are you I'm not messing
around buddy holy moly hold on a second
there's The Cutting
Board you better get your other camera
out I'm getting the other camera out
right now you might want to do that cuz
there's the knife oh my gosh you
actually that is nuts dude I hope you
were rolling I'm rolling oh yeah dude
I'm rolling all right here we go
Michael's about to eat his first
have you ever get a crappie no hold on
let time out let's switch to a good
camera one second this is just enough
for a perfect little sandwich dude
you're freaking crazy you think all
right we're on the big camera
now you're actually going to cook that
I'm going to cook it I cannot believe
I'm going to cook you I'm going to cook
you your first blacken fish sandwich
you've ever had this guy is absolutely
nuts right here he actually brought all
out on this little dude this like no
this a little baby no this is perfect
this is this is the perfect size
for a little black and fish sandwich
dude dude this
is can't believe this absolutely perfect
size oh my gosh and it's and they're
delicious D you are out of your mind you
know that you think you are out of your
mind I could I can't let you get away
with not liking a liking a crappie yeah
I've never eaten one before that's why
we're going to do it going to be just
enough just enough for a little sandwich
a little sandwich it's going it's going
to be absolutely
perfect all right right there's one oops
oh he's still moving this is called
Fresh Fish buddy dude this is a fresh
fish stay still I got to I cannot
believe this you are out of your mind
dude I need I need You' like this
idea okay there's second filet right
there this is the perfect size actually
for is it for one sandwich for one
sandwich absolutely it's going to be
perfect
all right there's one fillet coming up
okay it's just a little piece of little
morsel of meat but like I said okay it
doesn't take much you need a descale it
or just go with no I'm going to actually
I'm going to actually skin it skin it
okay okay so there's our fillets all
right that's going to be for our
lovely fish fish for our Heron or eagle
or whoever wants to continue the circle
of
life and here comes our little
fillet there's our skin filet F okay
throw that no bones for you we're not
going to let you deal with any bones all
right I like
it there's number two fillet right
there dude you you this guy actually
carried all this in the boat you are out
of your mind man I love it I had a plan
buddy I love it I had a plan you're not
going to get any bones here okay so now
these are really clean there's not much
on them I'm going to give one rinse in
the water it's not going to be bad water
that's fine it's clean water this water
is extremely cold
dropped the we're okay now watch this
milk so that's ice cold milk that I had
cooling okay that puts a little bit of
fat into the meat and FMS up the meat
for a minute all right so that's what
we're doing
there and bear with
me oh we're not losing anything don't
worry this is when it gets good all
right so we clean off this clean off
that cutting board a little bit so we
don't deal with too much of that mess
this is going to be quick dude this is
going to be really quick
you only saw a little bit of what I had
going on here didn't
you oh my God he just pulled out a
freaking
pan all right dude what the heck here we
go actually going to make this surface
kind of flat what if we never caught a
crappy then what happen well then you
wouldn't have had a black and fish
sandwich but I was dying to get just one
dying to just get one so I can challenge
you and I know you're going to take the
challenge oh I'm going to take the
challenge dude I'm ready
there you are there we go what is this
so tell us what we have here cuz I've
never what this is a portable burner
this is what you bring camping if you're
doing the little survival thing and
you're out primitive camping you don't
have you know your camp stove Che it
Jesus check it out isn't that awesome
that is
awesome all right that's going to be
your camp
stove and this is how we blacken a
fish just takes a little bit of butter
all right
and we're going to try and keep this
real steady so oh yeah let me make sure
I don't move it's pretty stable so it's
it's actually pretty heavy but just a
little Pat of butter is all we're going
to
need I told you I was going to guess you
eating the first fish you've ever had
you did you did tell me that man all
right so that's what we're going to
do this is going to be your
plate got you covered on
that all that that soaks this is going
to be your
bun what's going to be the bun let's see
what you got here I got potato rolls
buddy potato rolls I got potato rolls
got to have a potato rolls is the only
way to go with a black and P sandwich
kaiser buns potato rolls after
that that
provolone smoked provolone smoked dude I
love provolone got smoked provolone
coming your way holy what what are you
holding there what what you get that
dude you keep pull more food out where's
all this coming from you down with
tomato yeah D yeah I'm down with tomato
I know you're down with tomato where are
you going with how do you pull all this
stuff out hey man it's a it's a 10ft
boat tell me that knife's not sharp
buddy that's a sharp knife I'm not
worried about all this stess on the
boooks this is a sharp knife check I'm
going to get the perfect perfect size
too that's the perfect perfect
tomato tomato slice perfect tomato slice
right there brother all
right get the cheese ready to go super
ultra thin cut slice too right
here I mean this is going to be just the
money look at look at this look at this
slice of smoked provolone oh it's
beautiful beautiful right all right
that's that don't tell me you don't like
pickles I like pickles dude give me
pickles got pickles on the
side all right you got
pickles
and who doesn't like
pretzels while your fish soaks
dude this guy you didn't know you're a
chef I was a chef I didn't know that man
I had no idea I didn't know I cooked
either all right now this is really
going to get easy okay check this out
where's my other little here we
go a couple paper
towels that fish has been soaking for a
couple minutes right and the most
important part of this gig is coming up
we got our Cajun
seasoning these fish fillets are really
firm now so these are actually been
soaking in that fatty milk it draws out
a little of
fishiness you got two really beautiful
little filets right
there no bones no skin just two perfect
fillets right all right looks looks like
to me just a little bit damp so here
comes your cage and seasoning Cajun
seasoning you brought the Cajun
seasoning that's all it takes dude it's
a little Dash let me see that let me see
that Cajun perfect P little perfect
pinch pinch Cajun right here
guys dude you you came prepared man you
literally brought everything yep holy
moly yep that's it all right so we're
now got the cage and seasoning going on
those right there now we're going to get
the butter and we're going to fire her
up all right watch how easy this is this
is unbelievable how easy this is you
just get this gas going and one press
boom and she's on that's fire oh oh yeah
oh I feel the heat already man we got
fire brother we got fire
all right yep so now the little fish
guys right there I'm get this butter
going ooh see I'm actually getting kind
of hungry now looking at this I don't
guys I literally have never eaten fish
let me think ever no I've tried it I've
tried it one time and I didn't like it
cuz uh I just it was like a large amount
of Bass from a pond it tasted tasted bad
I couldn't let you get away without
enjoying crappie and fish fish in
general if it's done the right way yeah
now we're fishing on clean Ultra Clean
Reservoir fresh cot crappie and we got
Chef Cornell from YouTube fishing vids
and I'm not letting him get away without
eating fish ever again cuz once you eat
fish right you won't go back just has to
be done right yeah I can't wait to try
this is looking
interesting oh it's going on it's going
oh it's sizzling it is sizzling on there
it's already cooking
guys game is on
you hear yeah yeah I'm actually pretty
hungry it's worked out pretty well good
oh yeah cooking it's cooking here oh
uhoh my spatula head you brought spatula
too yep D that smells good it does smell
good doesn't it
dude a little more that butter on there
ridiculous right I'm looking forward to
it I'm looking forward to trying my
first ever CR
dude it's cooking this is good I was
wondering how hot this is getting but
it's getting hot oh it's hot dude that's
hot perfect this is a going to be a
black and fish sandwich you ready you
ready to see it I see it I think we're
almost ready to flip
it oh my gosh look at that color look at
that
caramelization butter with everything
you a professional chef I cook a lot
dude I cook a
lot make sure this Cooks all the way
through you don't have to cook it f it
doesn't have to cook very long
once you get that flaky white meat going
we're going to be a good Shake very
quick oh
yeah how's she sounding that sounds
beautiful y really oh my gosh smells
delicious does it it does it actually
does smell really good see how flake in
there on the thin side of the
[Music]
filet speaking of fet I've got another
surprise for you no dude how are you
surprise it you out in one day I don't
know we got a you tried some pretty darn
good jerky the one time we went out I
remember that you tried a pretty darn
good donut the last time we got out yeah
guys every time I come out with Cornell
he always brings something awesome a
bacon maple donut he brought some
teriyaki best jerky I've ever had
barbecue yeah now he's doing the black
and fish sandwich and you're telling me
to something else today is that what
you're telling me well it's not it's not
much more it's part of what we're doing
here yeah trust me it's going to be a
part of this remember I said
speaking of filet we got something else
fillet related fillet related you ready
it's done dude yeah I'm ready dude it's
done oh you know what why not dude oh
the cheese melt that cheese on there
melt that cheese on there why not oh
yeah you know I thought I didn't know
that cheese goes with fish I didn't know
that oh yeah why not on a black and fish
sandwich kill her dude that sizzling
that was easy to cook now we're safe
fire is done cheese is melting
you can even get the bun hot look at
that
cheese ridiculous right that is
incredible
[Applause]
now you ready yep let me get that off
there real
quick not the biggest fet but there
going to be a chunk once we put the uh
once we put that tomato on there dude
that is a beautiful looking sandwich
listen
this 50 50 some degree water to take
care of bus right oh yeah all right so
that's done are you ready ready for what
what did I say you said something about
about fet I don't know something about a
fillet we can't go without sauce brother
let's keep you close to home oh my
God black and for sandwich with
sauce either honey roasted barbecue or
the official give me the official
Chick-fil-A sauce right there man
official Chick-fil-A sauce you are the
man everyone check out this man's
Channel I will have a link to his
channel in the video description below
consider subscribing if you like
definitely well let's not go overboard
but we we want to get you the flavor of
the fish so let's just get a little my
gosh little layer of Chick-fil-A
sauce get your tomato on there dude I'm
so anxious to see this go down is that
it is it ready
bone Appetit bone Appetit all right here
we go guys my first ever but I literally
have not eaten fish in over 5 years no
10 years 10 years that's the last time I
tried fish I didn't like it I've only
tried fish one time ever we're going to
see if I like YouTube fishing vids Fresh
Off The Fresh Off The Hook Fresh Off The
Hook Fresh Off The Hook blackened hey no
no haters on the live fish filla and
guys I'm telling you right now a crappie
a c and what happens in the wild when F
eats one of they they go through it they
get through it I don't know what I'll
say about that but this is a big deal
right here here we go guys bring it
let's grab it the live that is one
good-looking sandwich right here that is
incredible
looking all right here we go get it
on black let me get nice oh yeah nice
bite of that
fish
dude dude what
that's good no sh no
kidding where you been all these fishes
lives flaky moist moist Chick-fil-A
sauce Chick-fil-A sauce that'll save you
a little bit if you've ever off if
you're ever off about the flavor fish
that Chick-fil-A sauce will ease the
pain but I don't think you'll have any
pain dude that's really good you like it
oh yeah being honest now be honest with
all your subscribers guys I'm being
honest this is this is a really good
sandwich
this is a really really good
sandwich now we know Michael is eating
fish second time in my life eating fish
Cornell making the black hey can you
catch another one
probably ironically I think you have
dinner planned so I might be ruining
your appetite I think it might be worth
it this will be your appetizer for your
this is my appetizer your evening out M
hey hit a pickle with it man oh yeah do
grab that pickle give yourself grab that
pickle the whole the whole
package you know how we doing you should
open up your own shop here just to cook
fish catch them cook them right in front
of them right on the right on the lake
yeah never know I gotta be honest with
you the first time I ever threw down
with a little Camp burner on my on my
little
Pelican we were just talking about how
to get out there in the woods and
survive in the wilderness that's a
that's kind of little propane burner you
bring with you if you ever have to fry
up a squirrel and survive you like it
yeah I just can't even I'm processing
last time we fished here I told you like
you said you were going to make me a
black and fish sandwich I was going to
take you home we're going to maybe catch
a couple crappie maybe just throw down
in the kitchen I knew we wouldn't have a
lot of time and if we had a chance at it
I wasn't going to let you get away is
the point cuz you know what you could
have easily gone left when I went right
you could have head home and just dodged
the whole scene so you weren't getting
off my boat and not getting a black and
fist sandwich so
cheers that's one of the craziest things
I've ever seen on the boat man I've seen
a lot of crazy things on the boat
thought I I thought I'd try and keep it
you unique and real for you so there you
go black and fr sandwich on the Pelican
bass Raider on the bass Raider guys
Fresh Off The
Hook are you going to eat the whole
thing I know you are oh yeah we're going
to end the video right here though guys
hope you enjoyed this episode of one
spatula one pan
cooking give right here again man you're
the man dude I will see so proud of you
I'm so proud of you will see you guys
later hope you enjoyed thanks for
watching
[Applause]