I'm Karen Johnson and now we're going to
demonstrate the hand applique Stitch and
in this case the edge has already been
turned under on our project uh but first
i'm going to demonstrate for you how to
knot your thread I'm using a very fine
silk thread this is 100 we so it's going
to be a little bit difficult to see I'm
holding the needle in one hand and the
tail in the other I'm going to secure
the tail and hold it pretty tight with
my finger and just wrap it um if you're
using a regular cotton thread you could
probably wrap it three times but because
this is such a fine silk thread I do it
maybe seven times or so I'm shifting
hands and I'm still holding it very
tight all the wraps pushing it through
keep on holding it
tight and there's your
knot okay so dab is here to demonstrate
the regular applique Stitch and this is
the hand applique Stitch and in this
case we already have the edge turned
under um this is my favorite method
because it we used starch to turn the
edge under and then removed the template
so there's nothing left to cut out and
it's all ready just to start stitching
so Deb go
ahead so I'm going to turn it over and
stick put my needle right through that
fold to hold the
knot and then just
take a Stitch right through that
fold now we're using um contrasting
thread here so that you can see the
thread because otherwise you wouldn't
even see Deb stitches um normally you
would use something that's invisible and
again we're using a very fine 100 weight
silk thread um but a lightweight cotton
thread also works or just any matching
thread the thread just Glides through
very nicely and I like to after about
two three stitches just to take a little
T hug helps to bury those stitches in
even a little bit more gives a nice Edge
to the piece so it looks to me like
you're going down in the same position
that you came up but just on the outside
of the edge and then um coming back up
just a tiny bit away maybe an eighth of
an inch yes very
nice so now we're going to demonstrate
an inside point which is much easier
than needle turn because we already used
the starch method to turn Under The Edge
but it does just take a tiny bit of an
extra Stitch so Deb go
ahead okay and here I am at my inside
point and I'm going to take an extra
Stitch here again just to secure this
a little bit more for that inside
point and
then turn and up the other side and my
experience has been because I'm not
nearly as good as this as you are is
that you can get a little bit of fraying
but that extra little stitch in the
corner even when there's fraying the
Stitch will kind of cover that fraying
and protect it yes so that even if you
do experience a little bit because
you've cut it so tight um that it's not
going to be a problem very nice thanks
Deb you're welcome