hi guys it's Sarah tretti today I'm
going to show you how to make this mini
minion cake and the best part is it's
fondant
free I don't like using fondant yes it
does look perfect but I kind of like The
Rustic look of frosting plus your guests
won't be picking it off when they eat it
I hate waste I used a vanilla cake in a
6 in pan and then I just cut it into two
layers I made the second here which is a
4in tall cake out of Rice Krispies and
marshmallows this one is day I put some
yellow buttercream inside a Piping Bag
fitted with a quick icer
tip and for the filling I actually love
to have a little surprise in there for
the guest of honor I like to choose
their favorite um chocolate bar and
break it up into pieces so for this one
it's
reing so then you just chop it up into
little bits and put it onto the frosting
and then just make sure that you add
some frosting on top of some of the
Reeses so that the next layer of cake
can actually stick onto something
instead of sliding off the
chocolate I smoothed out the frosting
with a hot butter knife you could use an
offset spatula but mine's a little too
big for this uh little 6in cake so I
just use a small regular butter knife
and I like to dip it in some hot water
then wipe it it off and then Frost the
cake I added the second 4 in cake tier
which is Rice Krispies um because it's
so light I actually didn't need to have
any support on the cake so I just popped
it right
[Music]
on I then added blue buttercream around
the bottom rim of each cake um I used a
basket weave tip but you could use any
tip or no tip at
all next with just a couple of as the
tip I added two
eyes wait like 30 seconds until the
buttercream crusts and then you can just
Pat it down with your fingers and shape
it
better add some black buttercream around
the side where the eyes are I always mix
some cocoa before I add the black food
coloring just so it's actually dark
brown and then you add black that way
you're using less food coloring and your
mouth won't be all black with gray
frosting and a wrer tip I went around
the eyes many times so that it could
stick out
more again smooth it out with your
fingers once it
crusts I added the smiles and for Bob I
wanted that big goofy smile that he has
if you make any mistakes don't worry
about it buttercream is so forgiven you
can just take a knife and wipe it
[Music]
off next with the Ryder's tip and white
frosting I just added a line on the top
part of Bob's mouth I wanted them to
look really happy and so when you're
smiling you're her eyelids are kind of
down and so I added the eyelids
in for Dave's hair I just use black
licorice and I cut it into little pieces
little strips I made sure that the one
end was pointy and then I just shoved
them into the center of his
head only minion could have ugly hair
like that and still look adorable I had
a little pink tongue for Dave because
he's hungry for himself
and it's done look at all of my overly
ripe bananas that Dave is drooling over
so
rip and there it is I hope you enjoyed
this cake video I know that it was a
little bit on the simple side but I
think it was still really cute subscribe
if you want to see more videos related
to cake
decorating
dance or
singing and stay tuned for the next cake
video which is going to be a Disney
princess doll cake
[Music]