today I'm gonna be showing you guys
three different Halloween cake pop ideas
[Music]
believe it or not one of my go-to
flavors is this boxed cake by Duncan and
Hines it's the devil's food flavor and
then I just bake it per the instructions
on the back whenever I do bake a cake
for cake pops
I always just line my cake pan with some
tinfoil so I can just pop it out like
this and then have a clean pan and not
have to worry about cleaning it up go
ahead and cut your cake which ever way
tickles your fancy and then grab a bowl
because we're gonna crumble the cake
right into it because this cake is so
moist it's super easy just to grab a
piece and then essentially like sand it
against itself to grind it down to
something like this
once your whole cake is crumbled into a
bowl you can choose whichever frosting
that you want but I just find that the
creamy cream cheese by the Duncan Hines
mixture with the devil's food is really
really good it's not too sweet it's not
too bitter and then I put about maybe
not even 1/4 maybe a little over 1/4 of
the jar into the crumbled cake batter
now you want to take a spatula and mix
that thoroughly and when I say
thoroughly when you get towards the end
you're gonna know it's mixed completely
because it almost starts to mold on
itself like a chocolate play-doh if that
makes any kind of sense but you can see
it right here it's a little bit thicker
it's not crumbly there's no little
frosting patches kind of that it's
totally blended now we're gonna actually
roll the cake balls I use this little
scooper dealio that I found at HomeGoods
you can use a regular spoon this just
keeps all my measurements equal when I
go to roll them out I just take a full
scoop flatten the top pop it in my hand
roll it into a ball and then you just
place it right onto your tray this part
is very tedious so go ahead and flick on
some YouTube or maybe Netflix whatever
you want but this does take quite a
while to do a full batch when you're
rolling them I like to pop mine in the
fridge while I'm melting my chocolate
that I'm gonna use but you can leave
them out if you'd like I like mine a
little bit more firm though these are
candy melts that I pick up or Michaels
these always work the best for cake pop
so you're just gonna melt those down in
the microwave or on the stove
top totally your call but it wants to be
this consistency you don't want it
chunky my friend now I grab my cake
balls because I'm gonna put some cake
sticks into them you can get these at
home goods these little festive ones or
you can get just simple white ones at
Michaels I dip just a tip of the little
cake stick into the melted chocolate and
then I press that right in the middle of
the cake ball I do this to all of them
and then I pop them right back into the
fridge for them to cool and kind of like
glue together essentially so when we dip
them they're not falling off the stick
if you want to do the eyeball ones and
make them a little bit more scary just
grab some forks from your dollar store
and repeat the same process with just a
little bit of chocolate on the end and
stabbing it into the ball if you want to
do the pumpkin ones like I am doing you
don't have to do this step but I like to
mold mine kind of intend oval before I
put the cake stick through it once you
put a stick through them all you're
gonna want to pop them in the fridge let
them cool and then we can start dipping
them for the eyeball I just dipped it
completely into white and then I tap my
wrist to get all the excess chocolate
off of it if you don't do this step and
you go to dry it it kind of just puddles
underneath it so make sure you're trying
to tap as much excess off as possible
before we decorate it before that white
eyeball base dries completely and you
set it down grab a candy melt color of
your choice I'm using lime green here
and you're just gonna push it right onto
it while it's wet so it kind of dries
and adheres itself to it to make the
color of the eye once those are
completely dry I went ahead and melted
some black candy melts and then took a
toothpick dipped it in and just
free-handed the pupil right in the
center melt down some red chocolate
because we're gonna add some veins to
the side of the eyeballs and you can
just do zigzags you can get super
creative I wasn't very good at this but
they still turned out pretty awesome in
my opinion
now we're moving on to the pumpkins and
what I did was take a larger toothpick
and make four grooves around the circle
to kind of make the bumps of the pumpkin
melt down some orange colored chocolate
and then just dip that pumpkin all the
way to the bottom cover it and then do
the same thing that we did with the
eyeballs tap as much excess chocolate
off as possible you want those to be
completely dry before we add this stem
and I just melted down some green
chocolate snip the tip of my Ziploc
baggie then this is where you can get
creative I kind of started at the seam
of the stick in the actual cake ball
itself and just kind of squiggled green
everywhere and then dropped it down in a
little squiggly and made a point or I
tried my best to to make it look like a
little leaf and then I did two to four
of these on each cake pop and I think
they turned out cute moving on to the
cauldrons which brew you're gonna flip
that cake pop upside down so having a
piece of foam on hand to like stick it
into while you're working is perfect
we're gonna make this flat top the top
of the Coldren you know the deal by now
just melt up some black candy melts dip
that cake pop in and tap your wrist to
get all the excess off and let them dry
go in with some green candy melts and a
ziplock baggie and just kind of pile it
right on top and let it naturally fall
over the sides while it's wet you want
to add whatever sprinkles that you'd
like I had mini skulls and some white
pearl Luntz on hand of different sizes
and they look like bubbles to me so I
added those in I also had eyeballs and I
just added that as well but again you
want it to be directly after so it's
still wet and it drives within it I then
added to use one on each side to look
like little handles you can leave these
as is or you can melt down some orange
and red chocolate and make a little fire
pit underneath the cauldrons
turn the cake pop upside down and you
can start with the orange or red
whichever I started with orange and then
I just started kind of drawing it out
from the base of the cake pop to kind of
look like flames but you can get
creative with this of course while the
orange was still wet I put red into a
ziploc bag and then I just started
piping it right on top of that orange to
kind of blend them which I thought was a
perfect touch to these dudes those are
the three that I'm going to teach you
guys today if you want to see
or Halloween cake pop ideas I would love
to do another video but I didn't want to
bombard you guys the first time around I
hope that you guys enjoyed this cake pop
tutorial I'm really stoked on sharing
this with you guys because I actually
used to have a baking business where
this is what I did so hopefully you guys
liked it do not forget to give this
video a thumbs up if you do want to see
another cake pop tutorial and hit that
subscribe button you guys the family is
growing thank you so much for the
support all the love and all the new
YouTube humans I'm so stoked to have you
on this journey with me
[Music]
that is all I have for you on this
lovely Sunday I will see you Wednesday
for another DIY
[Music]