[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
gonna show you how to make a really
delicious
golden buttery roast potatoes they are
fantastic and easy to do and they're
perfect side dish for this holiday
season on your holiday table the
ingredients were the most super simple
you just can't accept potatoes which
I'll talk about in just a few minutes
and you need a bunch of fresh herbs
which I've got rosemary thyme sage I'm
gonna use a whole head of garlic some
unsalted butter salt pepper and olive
oil now what I have four little teeny
tiny Yukon Gold potatoes like the little
ones I have them boiling in some salted
boiling water for about 10 minutes I
also have my oven preheated to 400
they're pretty much ready actually it's
a 425 and you're pretty much ready to
get going now in my baking dish I'm
gonna add in my butter and then a little
bit of olive oil and I know this sounds
odd but you're just gonna have to trust
me on this I'm gonna pop this into the
oven so that the butter melts and the
pan is nice and hot and then I'll get my
potato so I can show you what they look
like I'm just gonna add my melted butter
and olive oil into my potatoes which as
you can see there are little teeny tiny
Yukon Gold potatoes that I boiled in
salted boiling water for ten minutes and
I'm gonna add in my garlic that I've
left with a peel on and all my herbs I'm
not even gonna chop them because I'm not
gonna bother you're gonna get a lot of
flavor they're gonna give the potatoes a
lot of flavor and then I can just pick
them out at the end season them well
with some salt and pepper now normally
when I make roast potatoes and you'll
notice if you've been following me for a
while you're not that one of my favorite
methods is to pork cook them in the
microwave so that they're nice and dry
and you could do that but what I want to
do with these is I want them to retain a
little bit of moisture so that they I'll
show you what I do halfway through
cooking I'm actually gonna mash them up
a little bit halfway through cooking and
by having a little moisture in them from
the boiling water really helps them fall
apart a bit easier
don't leave anything behind try again
I'm on a smooth layer and I'm just gonna
pop these into the oven for about 15
minutes or so and then I'll show you
what I do when it's time to take them
out for the first time anyway my
potatoes were in the oven for 15 minutes
and this is what I want you to do next
I'm gonna take a fork and you know not
too much pressure I want you to just
push them down and flatten them just a
little bit just like that just exposing
more surface for them to get crispier
and crispier yeah like that last one
okay these are gonna go back into the
oven for another 15 minutes or so and
I'm gonna flip them once over during
cooking so that's a really nice sweet
and crunchy and golden brown all sides
and then I finally show you what they
look like once they are completely done
the potatoes are done they're golden
brown and or crispy they're delicious
they're everything that's good in the
world and a food and anything in general
I like to leave the herbs right in
because I think they look nice and the
garlic is nice and roasted now all it
needs is a nice baguette spread it on
and that it's pretty much it I love
potatoes I'm sure you guys have realized
that by now considering I've made so
many dishes here and Laura in the
kitchen using potatoes but you can't
blame a girl for loving a potato am i
right or am i right
these look so good and I will probably
say that roast potatoes and my twice
baked potatoes are probably one of my
favorite potato dishes and I'm
definitely interested to know what your
favorite potato dish is because I might
make it you never know so leave it down
below
they're so buttery and sweet they're
perfection they all roast potatoes done
so so right you cannot go wrong with
these on your table for any occasion but
especially next to like a nice roast or
a turkey or anything like that Wow I'm
gonna go eat these with my friends I
hope you guys have enjoyed spending time
with me go to laurainthekitchen.com to
get the details
sort of written recipe for
and I'll see you guys next time bye bye
[Music]