hi friends I'm Mark Goan with ABC
tropical plant nursery and host of
Florida gardening on 970 wfla.com on
Sundays from 7:00 a.m. until 10:00 a.m.
every Sunday morning hey sometimes it's
necessary to cut Plumas today we're
going to find out how to properly cut
plumerias well when you have a large
tree sometimes the plumia kind of gets
out of bounds just like the plary I have
right above my head here now when you
have ch Crossing branches or branches
that look maybe diseased it's time to
cut those out of the way and what's good
about cutting back on Plumas is the fact
that you can use those plumia cuting to
start new plants with today the only
tool that you're going to need is a good
pair of pruning shears and you can use
those pruning shears to make nice
straight cuts on your plumerias whenever
I make a cut on my Plumeria I try to
make the cut near a nice branch and I
make Clean Cuts with the pruning she
and I always make sure my cuts are on an
angle towards the ground so that when
the cut area heals it does not allow
water to sit and rot your plumia so
today let's find a couple of good places
where we're going to go ahead and cut a
couple of branches off I've got a nice
diseased Branch right above my head here
I'm going to go ahead and cut this one
off right now with my pruning shears
okay we're going to cut this Branch off
right here right next to the stem with a
straight up and down cut as you see this
particular Branch was diseased and is
cracked in here so it's a good one to
remove from your tree and I see a couple
of branches that are overhanging over
here too and we're going to take another
nice cut on on an angle straight almost
straight up and down remember we don't
want water to sit in the wound so we're
going to make our cut just about
straight up and
down and here we
go after we've made our cutting you want
to always remove the leaves from The
Cutting so we're going to just peel the
leaves back and remove the leaves they
come off very easily and we're just
going to pull them right on off the tree
just like
[Applause]
this next we're going to take our
pruning shears and cut these cuting into
sizes that we can go ahead and root off
the plant so I like to get cuting at
least 8 to 10 in in size and I can see a
few of these tip cuttings here will be
perfect on that so I'm going to go ahead
and show you how to cut these I'm going
to make my first cut right here then I'm
going to make another cut and another
cut all the rest of those cuting we're
going to be able to start new plants
from I'm Mark Goan with ABC tropical
plant nursery and this is the proper way
to prune your plant