hi Jessica here answering a few reader
submitted questions
this is a question we actually get asked
quite a lot
we often recommend using natural
cleaners to keep all of the chemicals
that are in commercial cleaners out of
our homes but people ask ok
vinegar can kill common germs but what
about those really hard to kill kitchen
germs like Salmonella and e-coli that
can make us very very sick
so this is one of the best tested ways
that you can kill those using natural
cleaners and what you want to do is keep
one spray bottle filled with vinegar and
one spray bottle filled with hydrogen
peroxide never put those two products
together in the same spray bottle it can
cause a reaction but so when you have a
cutting board that you've been cutting
chicken on for example you're going to
spray it down very thoroughly with
vinegar first and then you want to let
that sit for about 10 minutes after that
you're going to spray it down thoroughly
with the hydrogen peroxide and then let
that sit for about 10 minutes
together the two will kill salmonella E
coli and pretty much any other kitchen
virus
it's a great natural remedy it is pretty
much full proof and it's going to make
sure that your family is safe without
meaning to resort to chemicals like
bleach
thank you