hi star Nell will a little recipes and
this is part 3 the final chapter the
final saga in the frozen chicken potpie
saga on this wave oven recipes channel
basically on this one I'm going to be
trying 40 minutes on the low raft at
high power and seeing how that turns out
in part 1 try to mess it on the high
rack and had the code would fall and do
some flipping in part 2 did 50 minutes
and on the low rack saw how that turned
out so if you haven't seen those be sure
to check out those videos if you haven't
already subscribed to the channel be
sure to subscribe but here in part 3
we're going to see if we can get the
time well under the time for
conventional oven cooking a frozen
chicken pot pie in the new a low and so
let's get started with that mail alright
so for our third and last run here we've
got our fries and chicken pot pie well
actually got to flip back here we go
with our 1 inch rack no oil needed
around the edges it doesn't over brown
the edges very much as you saw in part 2
so we're going to cook time this time 40
minutes that's 10 minutes less than its
recommended for a conventional oven and
stuck and I'll bring you back and we'll
see what we have here
okay so 40 minutes have passed so let's
see if this is all good and done the top
of it looks good starting my temperature
thing here temperature probe look at
that it's at 188 this thing it's like
one it's in the 190s that's 40 minutes
I'm not going to do it again
but I
you get the picture you know you
probably do this thing 35 minutes would
be okay you know 40 minutes you got it
made you know no need to go 50 minutes
that's just overkill you're definitely
saving money here
you're definitely saving some bucks
cooking your chicken pot pies here
instead of conventional oven so um
basically you know I don't know maybe 30
minutes I don't know like I said I'm not
gonna keep going with this you know what
it part three but as you can see the
NuWave Oven saves you time it saves you
money
even if 50 minutes who's using less
energy than a conventional oven but here
we are on our 40 minutes I probably
could go 35 minutes and you know it's
way over 165 degrees I mean it's at 198
now which is like wow I never ever ever
thought it cooked a chicken pot pot is
good never I mean I cook a lot of things
but I guess I just never did a whole lot
of chicken pot pies on it I guess I
don't eat a whole lot of chicken pot
pies from frozen I do make my home and
you've probably seen my video on how I
make my own homemade chicken pot pies so
basically good deal and of course you
can support this channel patreon if you
like this video you can give it a thumbs
up you can share the video with a friend
of course as I mentioned earlier you can
subscribe to the channel also check out
weight super wave oven recipes calm that
super wave oven recipes calm and good ye