time to queen can I have your bed why
you look so comfy in your bed oh no Meah
look at you look at you and all your
markings are starting to be so obvious
can I take your tool eat so I can clean
you been yeah
you know you me a nice little that's
your spot huh
how 30 are you what are you dirty I'll
clean your booty yeah nutmeg how are you
[Music]
okay let me take this sometimes I put
stuff with it cuz I'm like I don't have
the middle thing in here so let's fail
so I like to turn it free and clear for
myself as well sometimes I'll put a
little bit of shout in the earth because
of hitting and stuff actually have any
problems
sit up here
I use this they are scared of it but not
too bad
there's a nice thing about this kitten
safe litter is that it is also able be
flush I am super excited cuz yes this is
gross but that is a solid poop right
there so I'm hoping that means that
things are tense when I saw like poop
and less mess we need to actually switch
this out okay so I clean up the floors
like this is the old back into not gonna
see leak but see the shine only um just
up to here I'm about to do the bath I
mean the toilet and the sinks but I ran
out of my stuff this is our life to use
them there are old stuff that I don't
feel bad being around the kittens
and inside of this gets exceptionally
dirty because I do put the cat litter in
there so use this stuff from the toilet
bowl cleaner in it you don't
[Music]
what happened to me right after I
cleaned I'm almost done cleaning well if
it's a party good things mostly Matt
Matt maybe I can just take them out the
last thing I have to do is just wipe
down this floor over here
I got them if they're cleaning out their
footballs so everything's clean we got
food and what's this it's a little mini
scratch everything for babies even so
matches for Christmas I like them I have
done a few different things that I can
bring it in out of here and I like to
bring different things on right now it's
actually a really good time that I do
something like a scratcher cuz you're
not getting the card book one so maybe
they'll use them a little bit address
friendly there are only betters washing
in the water like it
my guys think that's the perfect size
great yeah
I can't fall to hell Louis you guys have
been up your nose too
I know all their Joy's up there shocker
clean I'm kind of thinking actually I
should bring in the smaller bed so that
I have a little bit more there's this
small I better take a little sofa it's
so cute
um um once I get their Christmas blanket
out of the thing hold it over there cuz
see Christmas both like to probably get
over cuz they get a mess on that you
know teaser to clean the thing I'm
worried about is if they might trick
Piana because I'd rather litter has peed
on this bed and I don't understand but
they've also peed on the other bed and
these ones haven't so oh there's so much
new fun stuff
they like being clean and clean things
actually let's just so yeah you can have
no such things actually that's good that
I put that blanket there because it'll
have their smell so hopefully they'll be
okay I almost am you got to peed on it
[Music]
what you think this bag has a memory for
a minute that's a great oh I feel so bad
my bathroom is clean I can't tell you
guys how much work it is keeping up with
these guys they're having diarrhea stuff
yeah the next stage will help this will
bring that key castling please anybody
happy with this new configuration
[Music]
[Music]
nearly here
cute nice and clean growing up because
we got the bigger kitty bed you need a
bigger cage scratcher
[Music]