hi guys I'm Adam talki the co-founder of
amazing taste food seasonings and the
author of spice it up guide to grilling
chicken in a grill pan it's such a
wonderful pan I love it I use it all
year round whether if it's rain or shine
I'm always grilling in my house guys
let's grow up some chicken and show you
how quick and easy it is to do I love
the grill pan my mom actually first
turned me on to it years ago she would
uh Grill up S salmon and serve it to me
and I just loved it it just tasted like
it came Fresh Off The Grill and now I'm
grilling steaks I'm grilling Seafood I'm
grilling chicken with it I've got a
couple boneless skinless chicken breasts
and I've sliced them down the center so
that they're thin and they'll cook
faster and more evenly on my grill pan
and let's just give these things a
little drizzle of olive oil we're
keeping it healthy today in our kitchen
and let's season these things now I
really love this amazing taste Malibu
seasoning it's got some paprika it's got
a little salt a little garlic a little
onion has all those wonderful spices all
in one easy packet and I get consistency
every time and and this seasoning it's
just I love the Malibu seasoning I put
this thing on popcorn I put it on sweet
potato french fries that I make up all
the time
and it's just it's one of my favorites I
put it on almonds oo it's so so so good
let's just season this up and just quick
season evenly on on all sides and then
just heat your grill pan on a medium
high temperature that's all it is medium
high with a little drizzle of olive oil
and then cook your chicken breasts each
side for about four or five minutes
that's all it is and when you're using
your grill pan just have a thermometer I
always recommend a thermometer that way
you cook your Foods properly you cook
them to the right temperature chicken
165 that's the the the recommended time
for dness and you will enjoy eny your
grill pan every time you'll be grilling
all year round thank you so much for
watching guys I'm Adam talkie for more
information please visit amazing
taste.com and have a great day