hello there guys and welcome to student
meals in today's episode it's cocktail
time we're going to be making an
American or sour a super delicious sweet
yet sour cocktail I really recommend
that you tried this one it's so good
I hope did you enjoy this episode
[Music]
so amaretto sour this is what you'll
need 8 centiliters of amaretto of your
choice to send liters of simple syrup to
send litres of egg whites for descent
liters of lemon juice this recipe is
pretty sour but also has a good
sweetness to it if you like it more sour
then you should use $0.04 liters of
amaretto instead of 8 and of course some
nice views I have these bowl shaped ice
cubes but of course you can use whatever
shape you like
keep spray all right let's do this let's
take a shaker or a mason jar with a lid
if you don't have a shaker and for 8
centiliters of amaretto in there
followed by 4 cent liters of lemon juice
to centiliters of simple syrup by the
way you can make this by using 1 to 1
ratio of water to sugar so 1 cup of
sugar - 1 cup water and you have
yourself simple - and finally to send
litres of egg whites here I have some
bottled egg whites but you can use just
plain old egg and separate the egg
whites from the egg yolk and use that
some people may be worried oh my god
there's a raw egg in there don't worry
the lemon juice and the alcohol will
take care of that just fine let's add
the egg whites
there we go finally the ice cube I
spilled a little bit close your shaker
and give it a really really good shape
of course you can dry shake it first
meaning that you don't use ice and just
shake it down at the ansan and shake
again but I find it to be a bit waste of
a time because if you shake it hard
enough with ice you'll get there anyway
now just take a nice glass and pour your
amaretto sour in there
[Music]
let it sit for a bit so that the foam
can rise and form a nice layer on top
and there you have it a nice and frothy
amortus our backward Cheers
mmm I love love love I'm gonna turn sour
I love amaretto but this is just I think
it's actually like 10 10 times better
because it's a bit sour but not too sour
you still have the sweetness and mmm
it's a bit fresh as well and it tastes
kind of creamy I really love this this
is my go-to drink for a summer party or
a barbecue or even like in the
wintertime so yeah I'm going to finish
this Cheers
thank you guys for watching we hope you
enjoyed this episode and as always see
you in the next one
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]