Shakira chose reindeer bark hi and
welcome to Shakira truth Arvin but at
the request of one of our viewers we are
going to show you how to make reindeer
bow it's dark and white chocolate with
toasted almonds and we're going to melt
our chocolate in the microwave first 20
second increments stirring in between
each power bursts okay we've just taken
all the plastic wrappers off our candy
canes and got our chocolate nicely
melted and lovely and smooth as you can
see it's still quite warm it's not hot
by any means but we're just gonna leave
that to sit for a minute and we're going
to toast our ovens okay we just put a
dry walk and we've got some slivered
almonds here we're just gonna pop those
in there turn them into it such a toast
slightly just on a medium heat we don't
want these to burn they will get quite
bitter if they burn until you see the
color on them and you can start to smell
the little bit fragrant it takes a few
minutes nicely browned now to one side
okay we just got our candies in a
plastic bag fold them inside a silicon
sheet and with a rolling pin the reason
we put in silicon tree is so that it
doesn't come out the plastic bag or
damage the bench there we go okay that's
pretty good assembly time now we're
going to get our almonds tip something
out dark chocolate and some you know
white chocolate and fold them through
through leave just a future sprinkle
onto the top with our candies
everybody knows reign day as well
now we've got a silicon cake pan now
it's silicon and it shouldn't stick but
I'm just doing the lysis or spray of
olive oil just to make sure you smooth
it all around with your hand if you
don't make this all breezy you just want
to make sure absolutely releases when
it's chilled and now we just take
dollops of our chocolate and just plop
it around in our container on top of
there dark just keep clapping it on to
no particular order just make sure
there's a little bit of white and a
little bit of dark distributed
throughout the dish there's an opposite
palette knife here we're going to use
that to Marble it ever so slightly we
don't want to muddled up and we have to
chill this completely and store it in an
airtight container spread this down a
bit and then we get it and we drop it
firmly onto the bench to level out the
top of it get rid of bubbles sprinkle
with our remaining toasted almonds and
our chopped up the candy canes all over
the top big bits and some little bits
all adds to the texture make sure it's
fairly even and then just give it a
gentle press in to make sure that it's
all adhered to the chocolate now we just
chill this that's it reindeer bark when
it's cold you break it up into shards
and leave it out for the reindeers of
course you have cheeky we chose reindeer
buck okay a rainy bark has quite set now
it's out of the refrigerator now we're
just going to break it into shards and
serve it onto a platter you can wrap it
in some cellophane with some pretty
ribbons and some extra candy canes for a
Christmas gift or stocking stuffer very
easy to do looks good tastes great okay
this is quite cold so it's gonna be a
bit difficult to break but that's what
you've got inside of it and we're just
break chunks of it off some bigger bits
and some little bit so people don't have
to take a whole big chunk if they don't
want you and keep it in an airtight
Tina doesn't have to go in the fridge
but you've got the really strong smell
of the roasted almonds there you have it
chicky we chose dark and light almond
bark with candy canes hope you enjoyed
this looking demonstration if you'd like
to see more interesting recipes and
ideas just check out our cheeky Richard
channel and don't forget to please
subscribe do come back and visit us
again soon we have so much more to show
you and we're uploading lots of videos
every week thank you very much for
watching have a little taste shall we I
mean YUM
right