hello and welcome back to another
edition of caries gardening channel
today is February the 7th 2018 and we
are going to be planting some Gerber
Daisy seeds today and these are seat
that I actually collected off of one of
my plants that I had and it was a hybrid
so it's not gonna see true but I did
plant these before and they still look
really nice so I want to show you the
difference between good Gerber Daisy
seeds and the ones like that will sprout
for us and bad Gerber Daisy seeds so
sorry about that these are what Gerber
Daisy seeds look like and Gerber Daisy
seeds can have a short shelf life so you
want to make sure you make sure that
your seeds are fresh or you want to keep
them like in the refrigerator and a
ziplock bag and then just take out what
you need when you need them so when
selecting good Gerber Daisy seeds you
want them to be like a little plump you
don't want them real thin so these here
or what good Gerber Daisy seeds look
like here you don't want them to be okay
this one here is I can bend it so this
is a bad one here even though it kind of
looked like it was good it is not so
because it's really it's mush there's
nothing inside of it so we will be
getting rid of this one now if your
Gerber Daisy seeds look like this and
they're real thin and there's like
nothing to them they just smashed right
in half now you don't want to put that
much pressure on them that you break a
good seed you'll you'll be able to tell
should be able to tell if they're good
or not or if they're like paper-thin now
this one here it appeared like it was
good but there's nothing to it so this
is a bad one so we don't even I'm not
even gonna bother planting these this is
another one it's so small and never
developed so that's how you tell the
difference between your good Gerber
daises seeds and your bad ones so I have
my 4-pack here and I'm gonna be planting
extra seeds in here and I'm gonna be
picking them out as they come up like if
I get more than one that comes up and I
will be leaving a link below for how to
pick out seedlings your extra seedlings
to transplant them and I will also be
leaving a link below for how I mix my
seed starting mix I had some left over
from another project so I'm just now
plant some Gerber Daisy seeds now Gerber
Daisy seeds you don't want to cover the
seed completely so what I actually do is
I'm just gonna kind of lay it on top
here I'm gonna push it in so it makes a
nice contact with the soil and I'm
putting I'm gonna be putting multiple
seeds in each one I'm just doing one at
a time here
and these are really nice seeds here she
biota exactly where I wanted so if you
leave enough spacing between your seeds
when you put them in you should be able
to separate them just fine just don't
let them go too long before you try and
separate them
just gonna
okay
and I'm actually gonna be putting three
in just to make sure I get something
because they do have the low germination
rate and even though they were stored in
the refrigerator I'm not a hundred
percent sure how I first had them stored
when I harvested them okay so we have
these planted here you can see them
another thing that I've also done
already before as I've taken them and
like push them down into the soil and
just left like the top stick out but
we're gonna do them this way this time
and yes some did come up that way my
seeds weren't the best and I had used so
we're going to lightly cover these and
we're not going to cover them completely
so I have my organic Jaffe seed starting
mix here
and I'm just gonna dust just just kind
of over the top and I'm not gonna cover
the whole thing it's just like a light
extremely light coating and I'm gonna
firm that down because I want to make
sure that the seed and the soil get
really good contact together
I think these are yellow the flowers are
yellow might look for some different
colors too sure I'm not sure okay so I
can pretty much still see the seeds here
it's stuck to my finger there a little
bit okay and now what I am going to do
is I'm going to take my spray bottle
here and it has just regular water in it
let's pray over the top to make sure
that the seed and that soil that we just
put on top it's nice and white for us
and gerber daisies need 70 to 75 degrees
to germinate so we are gonna be putting
these in the grow box and they do need
light germinate so that's why we're not
covering them completely and and 15 to
25 days they should start coming up for
us and so I will label these I use
plastic labels and then I just erase
them I use pencil when I write my stuff
down I erase them and I use them again
so when I get these under the light I
will come back and I will show you and
then okay so we're back and I got this
put in our grow box now this light here
is on for 14 hours a day and it is I use
the daylight or the Sun Shine bulbs you
can use either one and this grow box
here we actually let the light heat the
box up so that'll give us the
temperatures that we need for them to
germinate so when they come back so when
they start germinating sorry about that
I will come back with another video and
I will show you what they look like so
if you like my video please like comment
subscribe if you have any questions you
can leave them below and I will try and
answer them for you
please don't forget to hit that little
notification button that'll tell you
when I put a new video on thank you for
watching and I hope you have a nice day
bye