welcome to another episode of Asheville
auto repair can you dig it as you can
see I'm out here this morning
today's Monday August 28th 29th and I
got all my dogs eight dogs the seven
right here a season in the pen she's bad
um today I want to show you how to keep
your yard don't poop you free now now
you might be wondering say Tim Tim a man
you go on off subject it
what does people my yard free of dog
dukey has to do auto repair what let me
show you alright no one
I got a watch for walk in here um as you
know we have a lawn maintenance business
also Oh magic I have I have done a
review on our Troy Built Mustang over
there zero turn I still got do if you
want our tractor but then next um a lot
of times and we talk uh some wind gonna
cut your grass no more we go cutting
their grass and we going around and just
Dookie all over the place man and miles
don't want the tires the mower and then
we gotta clean that up you know that
ain't cool you know and it's just like
auto repair um if you check out the
video we did a fuel pump I think it was
a an expedition who's in the guy's yard
we're doing the fuel pump and all but
it's Dookie all over the ground we had
to put cardboard down you know and
meanwhile the car boy got this this
dried up dukey's on one spot and
diarrhea on another and I'm I'm like man
and the guy was with me though filming
it
he's like stepping it like he was used
to that stuff what not like I said yo
you ain't getting in my van with this
done I had to take the dip Higa shoes
off we're gonna give the customers water
hose and take care that this but you
know any kind of work you do in a
customer's yard um
you know you don't you don't need to
deal with that whether you were rueful
whether you doing plumbing if you got to
walk through that yarn is Dookie and
ain't cool because one way or another
you might miss it on the trip there went
missing it on the way back so I'm gonna
show you what you do now here in the
state of North Carolina well in Rocky
Mountain I show how the whole state um
the city does pick that mess up but it's
got to be double bagged I mean go single
bag just ain't helping that Dookie come
right through that and you know the
garbage man he throws it in there and we
got the one with the compact it all just
comes down and squish they're so so sick
so you can imagine let's go down and if
it's early in the morning
he's got a deal all day smelling like my
dog's Dookie so first thing would you
what say what you gonna do get you some
latex gloves but you don't want no
accident that has smell like Dookie it
get good hey
all right so we got some latex gloves
and ain't no I do this each and every
morning now the next thing you want to
do and get you a Dookie bucket let me
show you what a Dookie bucket is let's
go over here oh and this is my eighth
dog Sasha and as you can see she she
came over him enough cuz he tries to get
two squirrels up and up in the air
yelling yeah they should go looking up
at a map I mean I I feel sorry for a
squirrel they drop down into our pen
there's over I don't think I can get
there quick enough alright now what I
got over here is the primary but well
this dunno considered the secondary this
is the secondary Dookie bucket this is
the one that keeps all the rain out and
you know in case it rains and all that
and all then I open this up and inside I
got my Dookie bucket I got a I think
it's a three gallon what is this
yeah it's a three gallon waste bucket
with a bag in it one bag and I run this
got a big double bag so when I finish
this and wrap it up I put her in a
bigger garbage bag with all the else's
garbage and over here on the side get
you a shovel or school
well rather than you call comfortable
with I'm comfortable with this little
garden shovel because it is like
gardening and regular space some space
shovel that beetle up the ass
dab them in okay was that beetle was
that a piece of a pecan I don't know all
to be wrong space shovel because
sometimes you get mushy Dookie diarrhea
and you gotta get you got to get under
that dirt get that stuff up don't stay
in it
you know I'm gonna keeping it real with
you guys you know ain't no use in
beating around the bush Dookie uzuki
alright then what you do is you walk the
grid you got you got a you got to figure
out of a route that you go because if
you go out that route it's a possibility
you stepping on duty so go around you
watch you see I got something right here
so what I do I can't believe I'm showing
you guys how to pick up Dookie put your
shovel right there you don't try to dig
into the ground with it should just show
right then you just flip it over into
the show and you go around keep on over
here now this is part of my grade over
here by Molly looking around there's
nothing here you keep your shut with you
okay there's some right here and this
this spot is very important because my
wife cuz he this is a fig tree we got
gum figs him
man he'll fix him good figs are
expensive in the store so you know she
gets exactly she'll come over here and
stuff on sanuki she blame me like I do
he spoke I'm gonna go ahead and pick
this up that's that's dry I was in there
for a while don't you take a nose
looking at ya horse flower idea know
things don't things
hey knowing well dang it
got my smoke Dookie hey alright let's go
let's move along
um well you know basically you've got
that you got you gotta walk the grid of
the whole yard and clean up you know
then have respect for people who come
over you know I mean that's just nasty
he's going somebody's yard it smells
just like dude everyone Thank You Man
fact I just caught Molly out the corner
of my eyes I see you found me point you
just do pt
this is this is what you call that that
fresh stuff now you get this ticking
especially you got boobs you get this
stuff stuck in your boots man and then
coming out and see I'm very careful not
trying to pick up the grass too much
just enough so then what you do that's
kind of dark out here like about the
rain so that sighs that's why you gotta
have it that external Dookie bug put put
it in there
anything guys stuck off near scrape it
off then he pulls it up and then wait
for another day that once this is done
once it's filled up what I do now we're
doing this right now that's what I in
full take the bucket out you guys make
sure you have some well plate take
clothes on wrap it up
tie it up in a knot now leave us over
here to the side rain don't get into
anything but I got it tight nice stuff
then I get a new bag place it in the
bucket put in there cover it back up now
that's how you should have your heater
y'all clean free of Dookie the dogs are
happy you're happy
you know especially you know this is my
Akita Sammy hi kitty I combed Akita cat
like a kitty cat at home Akita cat it's
my kid and you know these ports right
here he don't like that you could say he
don't you don't like that mess you see
the size of them paws can you imagine
having pores inside on paws filled with
Dookie yeah he ain't gonna be happy with
it ain't gonna be happy with it cuz he
jumps on me so that's why I gave him
some roll off and spray around here you
have to keep the gnats from away from
them hey Sammy go Gayle okay you're
blocking his shot
you're blocking his shot you know for
you you're blocking a shot all right
yeah this is Timmy for master Audrey
pigs
keeping your yard clean if we can't
repair it nobody can take it easy
you