[Music]
hey guys this is Rob from chainsaw
guitar tuition net this video this video
lesson is going to be about my top 10
favorite way bar tricks
[Music]
okay top ten techniques number one the
dive bottom this boot should be the
first thing you know you can do this
with a Floyd Rose under the user
progress table ready to crowd this video
but you can use it with just a normal
kind of strap bridge as long as you have
a whammy bar attachment because all
whammy bars do this basically go down as
you push it push the bar towards the
body because you've never used one
before okay
[Music]
you gotta get up
[Music]
all right second we've got the reverse
dive bomb which is this we can push down
the bar first and then
[Music]
[Applause]
can I can make a kind of motorbike
people annoys there
right on the distance
got the well three or four really we've
got the kind of spooky Dookie effects
yes they is when they called I mean this
is called a whammy bar don't expect too
many technical explanations technical
words you've got the kind of the are you
playing the mode and then scoop so you
play sound playing the seven protégée
there is just no and then the scoop
would be paying the nope pushing down
and then playing it open and then it go
up soon
[Music]
the Duke kind of thing is yet way around
together
[Music]
kind of hurt the mini version of the
dive-bomb so you just don't on one
though you're not going far you know
that completely bottoming out the
strings this is really good if you got
that kind of I've got a trail of
something you can kind of scoop the top
note so you're gonna get this manner
a voice which is kind of cool so let me
playing the fifth fret there and then
hammering on to the seventh fret as in
Hamilton said Graham pushing the bar
down
[Music]
okay now we've got the kind of elephant
noise which kind of an elephant horse
noise you can play harmonics your turn
the volume down play the harmonics set
two harmonics any kind of harmonics will
do do you get different sort of sounds
so push the bar down and then I see bar
comes up increased upon okay I did that
one more time so i'm i'm using the
harmonics on the b string seventh fret
and the g string fifth fret so i'm
hitting
[Music]
[Applause]
kind of acts like an elephant kind of
noise like he's doing this dude trunk
trumpet thing
okay following on from the harmonics
idea we've got the Dimebag squeal which
is actually really difficult to put off
okay you push the bar down with one hand
and you pluck the string with the other
hand and then hit the harmonic for the
same thing
so essentially slowly plucking the
string if I'm plucking it with my
fretting hand through the g strings
easier pushing down the bar in harmony
[Music]
release the bar it's really really
difficulty that right next ones have
really one of the first kind of tricks
that I learned apart from the dipole
it's the like I have to lizard down
throw technical that the purring
technique essentially what you do is
you're pushing the bar down again you're
pushing the bar down that's sliding up
to get to kind of purring noise and
you're trying to keep them note fairly
the same and you get this because you're
going over the frets it kind of goes it
but power in kind of sound so I'm just
loading up the g-string and pushing down
the bar
and this will take time to get so that
you stay on graphing so now
[Music]
to say a bit more normal you can get
kind of melodies like you would bend
okay so if you ever played so your
parent placed on it
[Music]
wiggling around pentatonic you want to
come up with sort of bit more melody
sometimes you can take and know a few
steps back so few things down which is
that way down in pitch on the neck and
bend up to the note you want so simply
is going
[Music]
kind of gives it bit more
it's like more melodic or you might
instead of kind of doing it you might do
it I know
[Music]
it gives it a bit more vocal melodic
sound you can do the same thing but I
kind of slightly kind of lips with the
bar so same thing it you're gonna do a
deep end
[Music]
if you want to get really good this
takes a lot of practice and obviously
knowledge of your own instrument you can
call it play melodies well another great
one I'm gonna turn off the okay now I've
got a clean guitar for this effect who
says well I bought it except to be that
kind of heavy metal sounding then you
can kind of get a call you don't need
until you leave one of these kind of
goodies for this you can just do it with
kind of the Bigsby tremolo and you can
get that kind of Hawaiian chord sound
[Music]
four quarts
[Music]
and spite of faith
[Music]
if we move the bar opposite to a
abnormally as you need a floor bro stone
for this because you need to go up in
Vince and then you hit the note with you
with the fret hand in the Garter quality
[Music]
kind of Indian or Eastern kind of sound
Japanese maybe if you weren't doing
there is I'm hammering the note on from
nowhere with my fretting hand so you
have to be quite good we got to get this
and then I'm hitting the bar like in a
backwards position and you can get a
kind of a karate chop thing or tapping
it
[Music]
I'm karate chopping but yeah tending to
be up to you
[Music]
using pentatonic off so you can make it
sound really kind of Joan Japanese it
sounds Japanese to me but for any of you
out there that are Japanese and you like
nothing like the music of our country
then I apologize for that and it's a
cool effect anyway okay that was my top
10 favorite wunderbar techniques for
using the guitar that kind of sound cool
and they're all good a link to the page
with this lesson on will be in the
description to my website where I put
out the like tab to the stuff of this
this technique that I've ever written we
inform adolescent and until then I'll
see you next time
[Music]
[Music]
actually on second thoughts I'm going to
do the market Angelo Batio and