hello YouTube this is Luke with Wilson
auto detailing and today's subject of
this video is Tire
cleaning now before we talk about how to
clean a tire like always because my
videos are dedicated to the detailing
professionals and the do-it-yourselfers
Let me Give a Little Bit of info about a
couple things before we get into how to
clean a tire now number one if you go to
the automatic car wash or you go to the
lower-end detailer they are not actually
going to clean your tire they're going
to do the old aerosol
can uh shiny as all get out tire shine
they're going to spray it over the dirt
that's all already on your tire it's
going to Sling all over your paint when
you drive off and it's going to be
terrible so don't do that because it's
not a good idea the whole purpose of
today's video is to explain that tires
need to be cleaned
before you put any sort of dressing or
tire shine onto them now if you are
wanting to know about tire shine or Tire
dressings this is not the video that you
need to be watching I will make another
video for that this is specifically
about how to clean the tire now I have
behind me three different products
because
well there is more than one way to skin
a cat Okay as they say or there's more
than one road that leads to home
or that's all the metaphors I can think
of right now but anyways I'm on location
at a customer's house detailing a Dodge
Charger right now and so I'm cleaning
the tires if you hear those cars going
by that's what it is it's cars going by
but let me show you the products that I
have behind me I have Maguire's
allpurpose
cleaner I have Maguire's super Degreaser
which are both Products that come in a
gallon size from Maguire's professional
line and I have my personal favorite
purple Power I have been experimenting
with this purple Power product for like
the past month and I love it um I
actually buy this product purple Power
in
a uh in a 2 and a half gallon size which
looks like that and um it's an amazing
product it can be used interior exterior
the whole nine yards but
anyways here's uh why I pull out these
two products I do not use these two
products to clean tires I don't there's
a lot of detailers who do I do not like
to because this is $20 this is
$25 and in order to clean a tire the
dirt and the Grime on tires can be
really intense
so you want a product that you can use
full strength and what I mean by that is
you want to use a product to clean a
tire you want to use a product that's
not diluted with water at all now a lot
of people use this product Maguire's
allpurpose cleaner to clean tires does
it clean tires well yes it does uh is it
very effective absolutely do I use it no
because once again you have to use this
in order to to have an effective cleaner
for this to clean tires in order for it
to be effective you have to use it not
diluted at all
and you go through it quickly and it's
just not very economical in my world and
so I don't do that
once again Maguire super Degreaser can
it be used for tires absolutely should
it be used for tires yeah that's kind of
the point of a Degreaser but again it's
$25 a bottle plus shipping so like 30
bucks a gallon and you have to use it
straight full strength no dilution in
order for it to like be effective and
cut through grease on a tire well so I
don't use either of these products
though if you would like like to buy
these products and use them I will put a
link for both of them below this video
and they are both very effective so just
understand that now why do people use
these well because it's a way that you
can simplify your world instead of
buying a bunch of products instead of
buying a product to detail the interior
and then another product to detail the
wheels or the tires you can just buy one
single product so does it make your life
easier I guess but in my world I just
don't think it's that economical and
so that brings me to my real point of
what do I use to clean tires I
use purple Power but once again I buy it
in a 2 and2 gallon jug
now this stuff in this one gallon is
this one gallon bottle of this is
literally
$4.98 cents at Walmart in Middle
Tennessee so I don't know where it is
how much it is in your world but it's
extremely
cheap I buy a 2 and a half gallon thing
for $1.98 I think not even
$12 now this is truly an industrial
Degreaser it's very powerful I don't
dilute it with water at all when I'm
detailing uh or when I'm cleaning tires
I just use it straight so this is a
bottle of the purple Power totally not
diluted it's very powerful
now as you can see I've already detailed
this wheel um so there's no brake duster
anything but I still need to detail the
tire
so with that being said how do I detail
or clean tires because tires must be
cleaned before they are shined or
dressed
so here is Wilson Auto detailing's very
very simplified approach approach to
detailing tires all you need Degreaser
preferably purple Power not diluted at
all a hose and a stiff nylon
brush now what I do and you don't have
to do this but I just wet the tire a
little bit before I do anything
else so I just get a little bit wet some
people don't do that because they feel
like it's more powerful if it's just dry
and use straight Degreaser I don't think
it makes enough the difference but all I
do is I very liberally very generously
spray uh purple Power all over the tire
so I'm not like holding back at all
because again it's 4.98 a gallon it's
not something I have to worry about how
much I'm using
um so I really soak it
then I take my stiff nylon brush and I
just scrub like this
now obviously that's disgusting but
that's what you want because you could
compare it to like when you get a cut on
your hand and you pour hydrogen peroxide
on it the hydrogen peroxide bubbles up
and that tells you what well it's
working it's it's it's cleaning the uh
the open wound and that's kind of what
this is the grease is coming off the
grease of the grunge is being pulled off
the tire by the purple Power and as you
scrub and literally obviously the next
step Common Sense would tell you is to
hose it
off now here's the thing because this
tire as you could see is was pretty
dirty I'm going to have to do what I
just did multiple times now it's
important to understand that not all
tires are the same so some are going to
be way dirtier some are going to have a
different texture um and so it needs to
be understood
that tires are very very different
depending on what what car they're on
some are newer some are older it's all
very different so when you're
cleaning this one was very dirty tires
more than anything else collect dirt I
mean more than any other part of the car
arguably tires collect this dirt but
they don't just collect dirt they will
collect this like tar grungy thing
that's extremely hard hard to get off
which is why I'm so amazed at this
purple Power product because it pulls
this horrible grunge off so easily it's
incredible so I'm going to go ahead and
spray this again scrub it hose it off
for a second
time now you can see that the suds are a
little less brown or a little less GR
runy and that's because once again the
purple Power is working and now there's
less
dirt duh maybe I'm making a point that's
everybody knows already but now there's
less dirt to clean off so it's a little
bit more
white now this is probably going to be
the last time that I have to do
this but what my goal is is to keep
spraying and scrubbing
until the suds are white and there's no
grunge left so I'm going to keep
going now in all honesty I could
probably stop here could probably just
hose this off and stop here but again
because it's not completely white I want
want to bring it to a completely level
10 so I'm going to do it again for a
fourth
time so now you can see what I'm talking
about when I say you want the Degreaser
to be white because this is how you know
that the tire is actually clean because
tires can be really deceptive when
they're wet they all look clean so when
you're hosing it it all looks clean but
that's just because it's wet gives it
that wet black look
look so this tire is clean but you can't
really see uh truly how it looks until
it gets dry so I'm going to go ahead and
uh scrub the wheel wells real fast um
and then let this dry for a second but
just an added note all I do uh to to
detail the wheel wells is the same thing
pretty much as I use the purple Power
spray it very generous ly all inside the
wheel
well and I use my long handled scrub
brush with the feathered ends and I just
scrub and once again I hose it
off so now I'll just dry the tire a
little bit to show you kind of what it
looks like before it it's dressed what a
truly clean Tire looks
like so here we have a totally cleaned
tire and this tire is relatively new so
it's not going to like look uh it's not
going to look very bad I guess I should
say when it's uh really dried and you
can see this part's kind of drying
better but see how all you're left with
is just a black Tire you're not left
with any grunge or anything like that I
know it's still kind of wet so it's
maybe still a little bit difficult to
tell but really all you're left with is
a totally clean tire and it's important
because the tire ought to be black
before you put dressing on it so you can
see right down here it's it's drying
well so you see that so this part's
still a little bit wet but right here
it's drying and all it is is just a
scotch matte black finish there's no
shine there's no
it's just black and it's a clean tire
but it's important to understand that
because not all tires are the same not
all tires are going to look the same or
clean the same or react the same to the
Degreaser or even to dressing when you
dress it some tires are going to look
better some tires are going to look
worse some tires are
Smoother by Nature than other tires and
they're easier to apply dressing to so
not all tires react the same way and
sometimes you're going to get a little
bit different result now having said
that biggest takeaways from this video
One the tire has to be cleaned at least
if you want to do it properly the the
tire needs to be cleaned before it
before it's dressed or shined two you
can use Maguire's allpurpose cleaner or
Maguire's super Degreaser to do this
however you're going to spend more money
going through these gallons faster
because you have to use them full
strength to get anything done really
which is why I prefer purple Power which
is $4.98 a gallon crazy or for the two
and half gallons it's like
$12 um now with all that being said
that's pretty much it Tire cleaning
shouldn't be overthought it's pretty
simple spray scrub rinse off spray scrub
rinse off until the Degreaser shows you
that it's clean because the Degreaser
comes out white um it's not really a
grungy look anymore
I uh and it's important to clean the
wheel wells too if you're a pro detailer
you always got to get the wheel wells
and again I use just the degrease or the
purple Power and the uh long handled
scrub brush now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to go ahead and below this
video I'm going to put a link for the
scrub brush I'm going to put a link for
the super Degreaser I'm going to put a
link for the Maguire Opus cleaner and
most of all I will put a link for the
purple
Power I will put put a link for the uh
one gon purple Power only not the 2 and
a half gallon and uh so all those things
will be in the description box below if
you want to buy any of those tools or
products use my links below this video
click the show more box and uh you will
see those links by the way if you have
not subscribed to my channel go ahead
and
subscribe because these kind of videos
are going to be coming out on a weekly
basis even two to three times a week
also if you like this video give it a
thumbs up if you dislike this video give
it a thumbs down please leave a comment
because comments let me know what you
guys want to see what you guys want to
know about um so anyways coming from a
guy who wish he had this kind of
information when he started detailing
that's kind of the point of these videos
is I'm trying to help you guys so that
you don't have to do what I did and use
armorall to clean the entire interior of
a car and hoping that it worked so
anyways I mean when I first started I
didn't know anything so anyways all this
information is to help you guys once
again guys subscribe like comment and if
you want any of the products use my
links Below guys thanks so much from
Luke here at Wilson auto detailing I
will see you guys next time