Oh some cold packs so I created this
recipe because I wanted a cold compress
for my eyes but didn't want to buy
anything with chemicals didn't want to
make anything with chemicals because
we're trying to clean up the water we
don't need any more of that junk so
we're gonna make some cold packs using
just two ingredients so these cold packs
are made with a heavy simple syrup
simple syrup is typically equal parts
sugar and water but because we want a
dense liquid I'm something that will
hold its shape a little better we want
it to be a little bit thicker so I'm
using a ratio of two parts sugar to one
part water
this recipe is 2 cups sugar 1 cup water
but obviously you can adjust that for
whatever size bag you're using and I
just used a standard sandwich size bag
okay so these are really easy to make
all you have to do is combine the water
and sugar bring it up to a boil and kill
your heat you don't need to cook this
liquid at all all we want to do is
dissolve the sugar crystals so that we
get a smooth filling for the cold packs
I brought this up to a boil cooled it
and popped it in the fridge just for a
few minutes if you are feeling extra
crafty you can throw in some vanilla or
some cinnamon this makes a really good
coffee or tea syrup so when you're done
you will end up with something that
looks like this pretty simple it's a
little heavier thicker so it will
conform but still give you weights so
great for any where you want to put it
there are lots of things that you can
use these cold packs for typically
people use cold packs for injuries but
they can also relieve sunburns good for
inflammation or they just feel ice
favorite way to use it