here we go rocks going in don't free
little guys we turn this recycle bin
right here into an aquarium like this
what is going on Pharos welcome back to
another video here today we are making
in pond slash aquarium out of a
recycling bin before you you're like
what I saw this recycle bin on the side
of my house got three of them I took one
of them now they get to do not only is
recycling good so I'm promoting
recycling right but we're actually gonna
make like a dope aquarium out of this I
got liner I got the bin I mean it's
gonna be sick
first and foremost so we got to get the
materials in order to make this thing
look good so we're gonna head to Walmart
and do just that get all the stuff that
we need beforehand
okay and now that we've got the
recycling bin which is the base for our
aquarium we're gonna to come over to
Walmart what you already know
that's where at and we don't need a
filter this time as we have an aquascape
pump which I'll be showing you that in
just a second when we get back home what
we do need from here is gravel cuz we
get gravel every time we do something
like this definitely one let's do two
bags over white gravel right there
these are win live last video yesterday
oh and it's sucker right here Lulu March
is now live on a Rockefeller brand calm
toppling the description check it out I
think we should get some sort of area
gotta have an area it's for the fun of
it let's do is stick there only two
bucks to go out so bucks man two dollars
and seventy seven cents get it stick
there nice cord for uh this is a dollar
eighty eight
now we need the thing that makes the air
go I can't find this thing that actually
pumps the air like the motor the machine
oh is right here in front of our face
877 we're gonna get one of these we
already have a bunch of plants left over
from other videos that we did similar
things to this now maybe your decoration
to go on the inside we probably should
get something oh well the sides are
black so you're not gonna be able to see
it like a fish tank yeah there's no
point of getting any like sort of
structure this is actually glowing $3.22
manta ray glows in the water should we
literally just buy just to see if it
glows yeah we're just gonna boil it to
see if it actually goes in the water
what do you ask miss you think this
cheap little manta ray right here is
going to glow my guess is no I don't
think it's gonna work but I could be
wrong all right so we've got our manta
ray we got our air pump and our air
stick and our air tubing and our bags of
gravel
we got the recycling bin at home the
tarp at home and that's pretty much all
we need in order to do this oh and the
pump is at home too think we're set
let's get all this in the cart go check
out and head back home
set this sucker up Oh mark nice you need
to clean the items the one-of-a-kind
loser shirt dusted it's gone man all
right
that's officially going that was so
cringy let's go check out
Oh anywhere better than an aquarium and
the materials you'll need to build this
aquarium you need to go really duct tape
like I'm talking solid duct tape
printing need to go on the side of your
house grab yourself a nice recycling bin
real easy as you can see pretty dirty on
the inside but we don't need to worry
about the inside bottom liner goes right
over it right put that to the side make
sure the folds are all nice and neat off
the sides here because what this duct
tape will do will keep that tarp pinned
to the side of their recycling minute
this acts as if it's like a cooler
pretty much just like a cooler but what
we're having fun doing it straight
thickness Oh get that corner share it
down there recycling bin go go to this
corner make sure all your tarp is
absolutely like folded you want to make
it look nice you want to make it look
nice not just random tarp everywhere you
get that straight down off this boom to
the recycle oh yeah that's one side all
around it around the whole entire
recycling bin as you can see look at
recycling is literally you wouldn't even
notice I was to bury that in the ground
you would never notice it was a
recycling bin travel first and foremost
we need to cut holes in the bottom of
the bag and then rinse these suckers out
what you want to do pop a hole in the
corner of your bag so that you can get
the water into it and then go wanna make
sure no rocks get inside your sink drain
because I've been through that one and
had to pay some money to get that fix
out it's not - that again I think you
see that water's going in the bag but
then draining right out the bottom so
that you can see the water slowly going
down the bag
that boom so there's one bag after
rinsing that for a bit I'm gonna get the
other bag I know and do the same here we
go rocks going in so it's this little
bit of those and that is good as two
bags of gravel straight from Walmart
spread these out make it look a little
nice and I did the white gravel because
we have black sides so it once the water
gets in it you actually be able to see
down to the bottom when we have our gold
fish in here a man right which we don't
know is gonna glow or not that's besides
the fact right now but our air pump
I think this air pumps a little too
slowly pumping this whole entire stick
but we're just going to go along with it
and see what happens
that's that let me go outside real quick
get the plants that are gonna go into
here the pores right there from the
other firms that we've done it's gonna
stick that in there you know why not
have some sort of structure
now of course grasses well or they need
that grass and their shimmy it down
there this is so fun to do like anytime
any of you have ever recreated one of
these videos I'm sure you've enjoyed it
alright we're just gonna keep the greens
in there so put this plant right there
and should we do these Davis I think so
yeah maybe put it towards that back yeah
shimmy in back here put both these
colorful ones back here alright boom
boom look at that structure kind of
hiding so just like that this thing it
looks amazing already alright so this is
a pump I was talking about 70 gallons
per hour aquascape pump right here
pretty dope these little guys are
powerful and I cannot wait to try it out
on this one in specific before I get
into doing anything crazy with this
aquarium let's go get some goldfish some
feeder goldfish and this will be their
new home so without further ado get I
just did free name-brand note that but
that was just calm down
oh that's anyway we're gonna head to the
pet store and get some goldfish
golfy should never get off not only
because the colors but because there's
some cheap $4 for this mini fish a
little feeder goldfish but they're gonna
have a little cool happy life inside
that recycle bin I don't want to call it
a recycle bin though because it actually
isn't it's like a legit on like a mini
pump alright we got our fish and we got
instead of that long stick we got this
just in case that stick doesn't have
enough pressure to pump air so this is
Plan B so there we go what's gonna
finish off the video out here but got a
lot of noise going on with that fence be
made so we're just gonna fill up
can be really clear - which is gonna
come in handy when we see those orange
fish swimming around all right now we're
filled up take a look inside about
recycling bin look how clear the water
is the pond but the pond liner is a big
part in what we're doing here you get
this pond turn back on coming down
we now I'm a running waterfall head back
inside let's get the aerator in it the
pump in it and then of course the fish
ok our home first things first
we've got to have some sort of
filtration some sort of water movement
and that's we're going to use this
sucker for right here very neatly
packaged holy moly that thing is tiny
it's a little tiny aquascape pump what
can go up to 2 feet the max-flow at 70
the water these three voltage is 120 for
all those that wanted those real details
and it pumps 70 gallons per hour
see that little flow that's what you
want that's what you want right there
some sort of movement in the water and
that will keep these fish nice and
healthy what I'm going to do is actually
stick it to the side see it's got
suction cups for a reason that's exactly
what that's for so now if I stick that
to the side right there it'll stay
suction cup to the liner and just pump
water see how the water is being pumped
this way on that curve it just turns and
it keeps on going around the aquarium
that's exactly what you want circular
flow all right man or a cut enough we're
talking about this thing let's get this
thing inside the apartment pull all the
molding that far does it stick to the
ground or does it float
and floats
what's the point of that heck I thought
its suction cup to the what encanta see
yeah you can see the green glow okay so
those who guess yes it would glow you
are indeed correct but I don't know why
it floats that's just that's wack
alright so we got our long core but
you're not going to need nearly as much
as we thought we would need because I
tank our pump which is the aerator pump
in general it's open it's a little tiny
pump and that is why I call it the me
recycle bin performance because many
things you could actually angle this
pump to like look at that you can create
like a straight oxygen that is so cool
pumping a lot of water right I turn that
lever down see how it pumps less so if
you have smaller fish you don't want
them to be flown around like betta fish
and stuff that's when you turn that
little lever right there down to
negative and it won't flow nearly as
hard but we're gonna want this thing
kicking so we're going all the way up
alright and now we have pretty much the
final product that's it
look at the air it's being pump pump
pump straight oxygen overhearing about
our flow going around this is how you do
it homemade style right here our
recycling bin straight from the side of
the house put a pond liner in it got
some water from the backyard pond put
some gravel in there got some plants
even a little structure and that's how
you do it that is a homemade fish tank
without the glass on the side look I
really don't know what to call this is
it a pond is an aquarium it's kind of
Bowl but all I know is that it's time to
acclimate our twenty goldfish we got
from the pet store so we're gonna put
these guys in give it a little bit and
then go from there okay now we got a big
old net here and this right here is what
we're gonna get these goldfish into that
tank with because you don't want to put
aquarium water from pretty much anywhere
else unless you really do trust that
water when you do buy a fish just dump
it over a bucket just like this a good
tip is get a five gallon bucket put your
net right on top of it get your bag of
fish grab from the corner
make sure there's no fish under your
fingers and just go like that Oh
once all your fish are in there you got
a nice bunch of goldfish right there and
here we go go free little guys whoo-hoo
dude that is sick dude yeah they like it
I'm telling you the white gravel is key
like key to making this aquarium because
without the white gravel you wouldn't be
able to see those goldfish nearly as
well especially since you have the black
sides you have that white gravel with
the black sides that really makes them
stand out and the last thing to do is
get the approval from Lulu
Lula what do you think about this I know
you don't to be above the water what do
you think about it I don't think she
approves ball yeah I think she's really
she wants food you get some underwater
shots shall we of course
[Music]
so that's that if you guys did go on to
enjoy me building this thing mom can any
kid have an aquarium this really just
shows that doesn't it anyone can have an
aquarium just do it the right way this
is just a really cool way to do it but
it is just like a fish tank just like a
fishing there's no difference besides
there's not glass on the side it's just
a recycling sign but it does show how
easy it is look at all this fan art
behind me this is all your guys stuff
all you got to do is check out the link
in the description there's a p.o box end
on art right over to there and I'll have
you on the next wall we're gonna do is
this one right here so be sure to send
on over to that if you guys haven't done
so already follow me on Instagram and
you can check out Davis he's down there
as well I'm trying to hit 100k I'm out
like 71,000 I believe but we're getting
close so if you haven't Instagram you
haven't follow me already do so down
below please I've really appreciate it
of course subscribe to the channel if
you haven't it's already become a calf
arrow today other than that guys Davis
and I are heading to Sarah Sardar gonna
film a dope Instagram video so that is
all I got for you today in today's
positive comment shout-out goes out to
dominate hate believe yes Dominic P
you're the best
keep up the good work on YouTube you are
my favorite youtuber appreciate that Dom
thanks to everyone for the support down
below what I want a positive comment
shout out I say it every time all you
got to do is drop a positive comment
down in the comments below and you could
have your comment and when he's up
playing videos thanks for watching me
build this little goofy up half flush I
really don't know what it is you let me
know down the comments down below but
got a recycling bin put liner in it and
boom bang boom I will have a link below
if you guys want