this super easy sushi chef secret will
upgrade any fish are going to cook no
matter how you're going to cook it it's
going to firm up the texture make the
fish more vibrant and packet full of
flavor how are we gonna do that all you
need to do is have some salt and sugar
available you're going to sprinkle salt
pretty generously all over your fish I
get it on the skin if you want the
crispy skin to all over the place and
just to balance out the salt you want to
get sugar you can use any sugar but just
nice white sugar works real quick cause
it's fine grain sprinkle some sugar on
it and that's it let it sit 1020 minutes
what that's going to do is draw out
moisture from the surface concentrating
the flavors you can tell what I'm
pinching it to test like a spring to it
now after about 20 minutes or so of it's
sitting in the salt and sugar you want
to rinse it in ice water beuter to do
we're just piece of fish and go about
cooking it however you want you can
grill it smoke it BBQ serious this
technique works really well for any type
of fish any fish whether it's fresh cod
or you pulled it out your freezer
doesn't matter you're going to have a
fish that's much more flavorful than it
would have been fresh cat stewart back
yeah yummy
whoa it's good piece of fish
you