[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vali and on this
episode of Laur kitchen I want to bring
you my chicken codon blue I have been
having this requested here for years and
I don't know why I haven't shared it
with you earlier I just have like all
these recipees in my head all the time
time so I figured I'd share it with you
this is really simple and really easy
now a lot of different chicken cordon
blue recipes some of them have like a
bamal sauce on top I don't personally
serve mine with a sauce because I really
like the cheese and mustard and ham you
know it just kind of all works together
really well I I don't need to add
anything else to it but you absolutely
could use a Sal serve a sauce over this
but my recipe is easy and simple and it
is just starts out with some basic
chicken breast these are boneless
skinless chicken breast which I'll talk
about in a minute and we'll talk we'll
work with them in a few I've got some
swiss cheese and some ham here two
slices of Swiss and four slices of
thinly sliced ham couple of eggs
breadcrumbs flour dejon mustard fresh
thyme salt and pepper vegetable oil
that's it get your oven preh at to 350
because we're going to start these on
the skillet and then pop them into the
oven to finish cooking through and now
we're going to get started the first
thing I'm going to work on actually is
just whisk my eggs because I want to be
able to have everything ready because
once I touch the chicken I don't want to
like once I'm I'm going to wash my hands
of course but I kind of want to get
everything prepared ahead of time now
essentially for me chicken cordon blue
has always been a chicken cutlet that's
been stuffed with ham and cheese and I
always add Dijon in a little fresh thyme
and it is absolutely delicious um some
places I've had it where they serve a
sauce over top I
honestly cannot deal with a sauce on top
of a breaded chicken cut Li stuffed with
cheese and ham it just ends up being too
much and the flavor of the chicken and
the ham just kind of all gets burned out
by the sauce so I leave the sauce out
but you know to each their own it's what
makes the world go round and round and
round I'm also just going to season my
flour and my breadcrumbs I'm not going
to season the actual chicken because I'm
stuffing it with ham and cheese which is
relatively salty so I'm going to keep
that as is um and just season my layers
which is is the flour the egg and the
breadcrumb you always want to make sure
to season every layer of the dish so
that it is um you know on point now I'm
going to grab my really sharp knife and
going going on cutting up the chicken
now I've got my chicken breast in front
of me this is about a 6 oz chicken
breast and what I'm going to do boneless
and skinless trim it of any fat if you
want to I'm going to open this up like a
book I'm not going to go all the way
through now obviously that's going to
happen it's just the way the chicken
chicken breast you know is it's got a
little T That's The Tender Loin right
there uh but what I'm going to do it's a
size of a Tender Loin what I'm going to
do now use my Clean Hands to touch the
box of the wrapping of the plastic wrap
take a piece of plastic wrap put it over
the top and I am going to pound this out
until it's much thinner than it is now
and looks much bigger than it is um I
would say it's between it'll be between
an eigh and a/4 of an inch thick you
don't want this to be too thick because
it's going to be much more difficult to
roll so the thinner the better but don't
go too thin that it's like see-through
and you have holes everywhere CU that
defeats the purpose of keeping
everything in one place so I'm just
going to do that and then we'll carry
on that looks great that actually looks
from this this side it looks like a
whole chicken that's really weird you
know okay
now take Dijon mustard I'm going to take
a little bit of Dijon
mustard I love Dijon mustard with
anything ham and cheese so essentially
this is just you know getting stuffed
with the ham and cheese so I'm going to
put just a thin layer of Dijon mustard
and just pretty much cover the whole
surface of my chicken breast and then
I'm going to lay it with the ham and
cheese but two slices of thinly sliced
ham and one slice of you know one good
slice of Swiss works well but what I do
is
I take the ham and I lay the ham down
first because what the ham does is it
creates a little bit of a barrier
between the cheese and the chicken so in
if you know if by any case by any chance
uh there's any holes in there then the
ham will protect the chicken the ham
will protect the cheese from leaking out
of the chicken making sense I hope so
and then all I'm going to do is I'm
going to roll this out roll this I
shouldn't say Out roll this in and then
you can see I start from this like the
inside that way I'm left with the very
top of the chicken breast and I've got
some toothpicks
here that I am going to just secure like
so these are all rolled up and ready to
go now I'm going to take my time and put
this in my breadcrumbs now most uh most
of the times I put it in the breadcrumbs
sometimes I put it in the chicken it
depends on who I'm having over for
dinner because I have a few friends of
mine I can't really stand a really
strong flavor of time in which case I
put it in the breadcrumbs and not on the
inside because if you put it in with the
chicken breast you know with the ham and
the cheese then the flavor is really
strong so now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to take each you know each
little rolled up piece of breast here
with my ham cheese roll it in
flour dip it in in the
egg you know just the traditional I
don't want to do this with my hands
because otherwise it gets a mess and I
normally would not care but I'm trying
to show you you know what when all else
fails go in with your hands what can I
say and now I've got my vegetable oil
preheated here over about medium high
heat I want these to get a really
beautiful crust so I always like to sear
them um in a skillet with hot oil pretty
side down if that makes sense whoa all
right good the oil was nice and hot we
want that and then I'm gonna do the same
thing to this one what I have here right
next to me over here is a baking sheet
that I've just lined with some aluminum
foil and then I put a rack like a
cooling rack on top of it because that's
what I'm going to sit these on when they
go into the oven and the reason why I do
that is because the rack kind of helps
these stay elevated and therefore get
getting really nice and crispy all
around instead of the bottom getting
really soggy we don't want that so I'm
going to put the other one down wash my
hands get these to get nice and golden
brown all over and then we'll flip them
around and show you what they look
like now that these are really beautiful
golden on all sides it just takes a few
minutes I'm going to pop these into my
oven they've been preheated at 350 and
you'll need to keep them in there
between 10 to 15 minutes or until it is
completely cooked through you can check
it with the thermometer if it reaches
165 to 170 you're in good shape let them
rest for a few minutes and then we'll be
ready to cut them up and dig
in these were in the oven for about 12
minutes I'm just trying to take out if I
can grab it oh here we are my toothpicks
so that I can cut into this baby look at
that I mean it is gorgeous look it's got
a crispy
crust try not to break the crust as you
cut this do your very
best oh look at that smells incredible
it's nice and crispy on the outside
still really hot but I can see when I
put my knife to give this a cut I can
see that the chicken is still very juicy
let's see if I can show you that oh yeah
look if I pinch
it that's when you know it is
cooked perfectly look at the cheese look
at the
cheese
woo it smells amazing okay I am going to
grab a fork because I can't take this
anymore this is torture to me this looks
amazing decided to put it on a pretty
plate because you guys are like my
friends and I want it to be
presentation was
good it is crispy on the outside it is
cheesy that Dijon mustard and that time
are like such stars of this dish
[Music]
perfectly cooked really
juicy nothing is overpowering if you
make this recipe I think you'll really
understand why I just love it as is with
nothing else on it because it just it is
what the dish should be in my opinion
it's still cheesy it's still salty it's
still fantastic but without having it
glopped with the sauce and make I find
that the sauce makes the crust really
soggy anyway and nobody wants a soggy
crust good toara in the.com to get the
recipe I hope you enjoyed spending time
with me this is a really easy one guys
give it a try let me know how you like
it and I'll see you next time byebye
[Music]