hello my name is Adam Johnson with turn
clean
Services we have a rental cleaning
business and we've cleaned hundreds of
rental houses over the last year or two
one of the major problems we see when
cleaning rental houses is soap scum this
is a a problem a lot of cleaners have
issues with uh people will try bleach
they will try ammonia they'll try Windex
I'll try all sorts of different things
and still that monster of soap scum is
there so in today's video we're going to
talk about how do we clean soap scum
first thing you need to realize is what
is soap
scum there's two types of water there's
hard water and soft water if you have
hard water in your house that means you
have a lot of minerals in your water you
have calcium and magnesium to be
precise if you have hard water with
calcium magnesium when you use soap and
you're soaping away that soap makes a
chemical reaction with the magnesium and
the calcium and it creates a wonderful
byproduct that you and I love called
soap
scum so that's what soap scum is you
might hear the term lime skill that has
to do with your hard water as well so
how do we get rid of it first thing I
want to say is let's use an illustration
of painting if you were painting with
oilbased paint and you get done do you
clean your hands with water or mineral
spirits mineral spirits conversely if
you have water-based paint you don't use
mineral spirits use water when you're
cleaning soap scum you have to use a
chemical that will dissolve that lime
skill that calcium
deposits so make sure you use the right
product before you can get started no
bleach no Windex use the right product
so Adams three steps to cleaning soap
scum M line scale number one chemical
number two abrasion number three wipe it
clean chemical abrasion wipe it
clean okay so let's talk about the
chemical that is I I love to use Zep
shower tub and tile cleaner this to me
is just a great product there's several
out there that's first thing I like to
use so we're going to take that product
and we're going to spray it on the soap
scum and the lime scale now truth to be
told this window isn't that bad I kind
of marked it up with some soap trying to
get something to look at but if you have
a house with soap scum and I'll provide
some pictures you know what I'm talking
about this is going in and starting to
dissolve soap
scum next we're going to move to
abrasion
okay abrasion Scotch bright stainless
steel pads are fantastic this to me is a
miracle product in the cleaning world
the reason being is you can use it and
it doesn't scratch the glass uh you can
use this on a variety of things in your
house it scratches that scum off but it
doesn't scratch your glass so next step
we got the chemical now the abrasion I'm
going to go through and I'm just going
to ABR away oh that's so
scum I'm also working out my arms
creating some strong arm muscles there
all
right getting some squats in always to
your squats all right and we're getting
all that abrasion nice and good if you
have really bad soap scum you may need
to do this a couple times so just beware
all right so there's our
abrasion the last step is wipe clean um
I love to
use uh this shower tile cleaner just get
a a squeegee and get a good one bad
squeegees will tend to cause problems
first things I like I'm just going to
make sure all that was in real
good and you're ready for the magic to
happen let's hope it happens cuz we can
only do this take once we're going to
wipe it clean
all right and you'll notice where we
wiped it clean it looks good you might
can see a little bit of scum there
so that scum on the side is cuz it
hasn't been wiped yet so I'm going to do
this and I'm going to take a rag and
just get any leftover pieces and those
are your steps for cleaning soap scum
chemical use the right chemical abrasion
and WIP clean repeat if necessary and
thanks to my wife we do need