my name is Adam Cole today we're going
to spatch cocka chicken which basically
just means we're going to remove the
backbone so that the whole thing can lie
completely flat on the grill the brine
we use to impart flavor as well as
retain moisture so the brown sugar in
this case is all about balance for the
same reason you add salt to chocolate
chip cookies so we're adding a little
bit of sweetness to our brine to balance
the saltiness you can brine for as
little as 4 to 6 hours chickens I like
to brine 2 4 hours and we've got trash
cans they're NSF approved I make 12
gallons of brine at a time and brine 32
chickens and we do that four or five
times a week so the first thing I'm
doing is removing the
wishbone and popping the top out and
pulling it all out in one
piece pistol
grip cut down either side of the
backbone cut around the oyster muscles a
lot of people consider that the most
most delicious and decadent muscle on
the entire chicken now I'm removing the
KE bone I'm looking for excess
skin you can spatchcock really any bird
they all have the same Anatomy so you
can spatchcock a duck you can spatch
 a a guinea hin even turkey at
Thanksgiving if you spatch a turkey
it dramatically reduces the amount of
cooking time and tends to cook your
breast and your thighs a lot more evenly
all the way across we're laying it flat
in a way that the largest amount of skin
is in contact with the grill people
debate all the time over what's the best
barbecue or what region is the best or
what style is the best but when it comes
down to it all barbecue has a few things
in common it's all about knowing how to
build and control a fire you can make
any protein taste delicious if you know
how to control the Heat and the smoke
and the temperature it's a way of
cooking that is extremely old you kind
of hear that word barbecue and your
mouth starts to salivate a little bit
it's almost as if it's ingrained in our
DNA that's what it's all about oh yes