hey guys welcome back in the video last
week I asked you guys what you wanted me
to talk about this week and it was
overwhelmingly hedgehogs so this video
today is going to be all about how to
care for a pet hedgehog I'm Megan with
happy Tales pet care and I'm a
professional pet expert and nutrition
consultant my goal is to educate people
about animals and help pet owners
provide the best care to their beloved
pets see a pet in my video you like let
me know and I will feature that pet in
more videos hedgehogs are indoor pets
because they do need a comfortable room
temperature that's not too hot and not
too cold so in the' 70s is good for them
hedgehogs are nocturnal so they will be
asleep during the day for the most part
hedgehogs are not social animals so this
means that they do not want company it
is best to only keep one Hedgehog per
cage hedgehogs can be kind of messy so a
bath once in a while is necessary they
do need to have their nails trimmed and
this can be difficult so the more you
handle your hedgehog the easier it is
going to be to trim his nails hedgehogs
are not legal in all states so you
should find out if a hedgehog is legal
where you live before trying to get one
if hedgehogs are illegal where you are
they are usually not too hard to find
you can check rescues you can look for a
breeder or you can try to get one from
an ethical pet store you'll want to make
sure that the Hedgehog you get is old
enough to be separated from its mother
and is healthy females and males equally
make good pets people keep hedgehogs in
lots of different types of cages you can
use a storage container you can use a
large tank you can also use a CNC cage
those work great and you can also get
the KT crater cages as well if your
hedgehog is prone to climbing you will
have to get him a cage without bars so
that he can't climb up them some
hedgehogs like to try to climb the bars
but they end up falling and hurting
themselves but not all hedgehogs do this
multile cages are also not a good thing
for hedgehogs because they will fall off
the ledge about a 4ft cage is what you
need for hedgehogs the most important
items for your cage is going to be a
wheel a water bottle a hide and some
toys they absolutely love running on
wheels egloos are fine to use for them
as a hide because they don't chew on
them I don't like using a water bowl
because hedgehogs are very messy they
will step in their poop and then they
will kind of you know walk through their
water get their hands in their water and
the water just gets really dirty very
quickly I like to provide a water bottle
so so that they constantly have fresh
clean water for bedding don't use cat
litter or wood shavings but fleece
bedding paper bedding corn cobs those
are all safe but corn cob is not going
to be as comfortable for them as fleece
or paper bedding and they enjoy having
lots of toys cat toys and wood blocks
make great toys for them they enjoy
having something to carry around or push
around with them quill especially likes
toys that have catnip inside of them
commercial hedgehog food is usually not
good for hedgehogs often the ingredients
are very low quality if you do want to
feed a packaged food I recommend getting
a very highquality cat food or
Missouri's insect devor diet I feed
quilt mostly fresh food but I do include
Missouri's inscore diet with his food he
spends so much time on his wheel and
he's really hard to keep weight on he's
just so active that he's constantly
burning everything he eats I include the
Missouri food in his diet because it
helps keep him at a very healthy weight
if he didn't have trouble keeping weight
on I probably wouldn't include it I
would just feed fresh food I recommend a
diet mostly of fresh food with high
protein and some fruits and vegetables
turkey chicken eggs uh insects such as
dubia roaches superworms meal worms are
all great choices and they also enjoy
eating fruits and vegetables as well
quil's favorite food is actually green
peeas I will put a link down below so
you you can get a good list of foods to
feed your hedgehog what you do not want
to feed is dog food it's not high enough
in protein or low quality cat food that
is mostly full of corn you also don't
want to include any junk food in your
Hedgehog's diet I've seen on the
internet videos of people feeding their
hedgehogs pizza and everybody thinks
it's cute but it's really not they can't
digest the cheese all that other stuff
is just bad for them so it's not cute or
cool to feed your hedgehog or really any
type of animal junk food so stay away
from Candy chocolate fried food pizza
also they cannot have any milk yogurt in
very small amounts is okay they also
shouldn't have onions or garlic avocado
and Seed grapes are something that you
want to avoid and no canned meat or
canned vegetables this is just too salty
for them so once you bring your hedgehog
home you're going to want to start
bonding with them when trying to bond
with your hedgehog remember to be
patient and go slow a lot of people
complain about their hedgehogs biting
them but this is usually just because
they are not patient and understanding
of the way that hedgehogs communicate
they are skittish animals that have very
bad eyesight they mostly experience the
world through smell when you open the
cage go slow and let your hedgehog smell
you before trying to pick him up don't
expect him to be able to recognize you
by sight thanks for watching this video
and give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it if you're new here subscribe I put
out a new video on animals every week
see you next time hey guys so as you can
see today's video is going to be all
about ferret ferrets do better in groups
of two or more because they are very
social they are very playful and they
love human interaction they are very
smart and they can learn their name and
they can also learn