hola mis amigos were making fuzzy navel
cake so usually when I create an
original recipe I'd like to try it out
first before filming it but today I am
going to take you along the process with
me so if it is a fail we will experience
it together so to get started I have
preheated my oven to 350 degrees
Fahrenheit and here I have one and one
half cups of sugar and to that I'm going
to add two eggs and I am just going to
beat these together to get them nice and
creamy now that that is nice and fluffy
i'm going to add two cups of peach
preserves and that turns out to be about
one pound or 16 ounces next I'm adding 1
teaspoon of vanilla extract along with
one-third of a cup of orange juice I'm
using one that is high in pulp so that
we can get all of that nice orange
flavor and we're just going to blend
these ingredients once more
by the way all of my mixing has been on
low speed so now for the dry ingredients
I have two cups of flour one-and-a-half
teaspoons of baking soda and 1 teaspoon
of salt and before combining this with
my electric mixer i am going to
carefully fold this in so that I don't
get flour all over the place when I mix
here i have a 13 x nine inch baking dish
that i have sprayed with some cooking
spray and we are just going to pour our
better right into it next I'm going to
top this off with a mixture of one
fourth of a cup of brown sugar and one
fourth of a cup of almonds I had
intended to use some chopped pecans
instead but it turned out that I didn't
have any so I am working with what I do
have and I use dark brown sugar for just
about everything because I like the
flavor but I'm sure this will be just as
delicious with some light brown sugar so
now what I'm going to do is place this
in my 350 degree fahrenheit oven for 40
minutes or until it passes the toothpick
test which means that if I stick a
toothpick in the center of the cake it
will come out clean so I will see you
then so I let this go for 40 minutes and
it has cooled and I have cut a few
slices of it and it is absolutely
delicious I do think it could use a
little bit more navel and a little less
fuzzy so maybe you could cut back a
little bit on the preserves and add some
more orange juice or maybe slice up some
orange slices and mix in there as well
but either way it is really really great
I do love the texture of this I
personally am NOT a big cake person I
don't really care too much for cake but
I like the texture of this this gives me
sort of a mixture between a cake and a
pie because of the preserves so it's
nice and moist and it is absolutely
delicious I would totally make this
again fuzzy navel cake enjoy and I'll
see you at the dinner table