[Music]
deserts I think we all love deserts and
if you can make a desert with very very
simple ingredients there's nothing like
it
today's recipe is bread butter pudding
so let's get started and check out the
recipe for the bread butter pudding I'm
using one loaf of brioche bread you can
use any other bed of your choice you can
even use stale bread while making this
recipe now I'm going to mix a couple of
ingredients together starting with two
eggs 200ml milk 1 teaspoon vanilla
essence 1/2 cup melted butter 1 cup
sugar mix everything until it's all well
blended
grease the tail with a little butter I'm
going to place a butter paper at the
bottom grease the sides now fill the tin
with our chopped bread pieces
for the egg milk mixture sprinkle some
cinnamon sugar on top this is optional
[Music]
I'm just gonna put a few raisins this is
optional close and cook on medium flame
for 20 minutes you can see the sugars
caramelize beautifully the pudding is
done remove the cake tin leave it out
let the pudding cool down meanwhile I'm
going to make a simple custard to make
the custard I've taken 3 teaspoons of
vanilla custard powder pour a little
milk and dissolve the custard powder so
take 1 cup of milk once the milk is hot
add a little sugar give it a quick mix
add the dissolved custard it's instantly
thickened and come together very nicely
you can turn off the stove now so make
sure the custard is a nice free-flowing
smooth creamy mixture cool the custard
before serving
[Music]
so this bread butter pudding is more
like a comfort food for me especially on
a cold day having a nice warm pudding
with some custard or ice cream by the
side can be absolutely delightful so do
try this recipe and enjoy it you can get
a copy of first edition of the home
cooking book on Amazon and 21 prints
you