[Music]
welcome back addition one more time chef
Ricardo program guys today I want to
show you can make itself a simple but as
a sponge cake stone in your kitchen
often you like the recipe read their
comment is a basic recipe where you can
use this for different purpose basically
they get a copy of cooking book on
Amazon price and change christmas is
coming up with that you can make on your
own fruit cake inside HSN see you next
time bye bye nice lovely so we're here
guys I'm gonna show you and it says
simple final a sponge cake at all so
first of all right here I have four
ounces of butter inside of my container
right here and I'm also produce the
support straight inside of this mixing
bowl right here um I'm going to use
roughly four ounces of granulated sugar
listen make sure I'm there I cannot
ashes of that so and we have four ounces
of granulated sugar love it but not the
four ounces of sugar and all you need to
do for a straight inside of this lattice
and simple cream the butter and the
sugar together then use the wooden spoon
you can use a hand with blender if you
do like but simple have scream port the
light is together very easy and simple
let's see if you not using wish and
simple difficulties nice I love so
that's what you need to see really
creamy and looking lovely a nice I can
just creamy for about five to six okay
and we come out really good so basically
I think we are a magician self-rising
flour and I'm simple another three or
four ounces of self-rising flour dice
right you can see the flour if you do
life but you don't us to see the flow
when you can just do just as it is right
here and basically the report straight
inside of it like this in the mixture
and then get
2h 30m simple recipe guys anyone can do
this at home 2x and simple - just like
this our basically is good to use and
therefore are a big spoon and in the pH
pH for what a minute
and next add the milk towards this
mileage to the mixture
and add the rest lovely nice to the time
simple rub it like this love it you see
it might a little bit of luggage but I'm
not sure the best way or to get rid of
the line then what you're going to do
now simply pop a ed-up teaspoon or a
 of vanilla inside of it matters
this vanilla which I'm using is from
Jamaica you can get your local one in
Rio or anywhere
and as one use your whisk and simple
here is always like that spot to treat
the force ii love it unlatch so that's
what we're looking for
really lovely like this look at eyes
beautiful the next thing is a beautiful
Chris just pieces on naps in our
beautiful hunt all under sink put under
the pieces of water rub it in styles of
time I'm a little nonstick pan and it
are basically is a standard tip is just
a 20 inches standard thing baking thing
right here guys basically as you can see
or divot just like this so the little
bits of butter and the scenery product
inside not a nice then legs simple
preheat oven that's the first thing we
need to do yes mark for our 5 is good
for it so 20 to 25 minutes inside of the
oven a big las llaves if you use a
different kind of open a hundred and
sixty-five is good for 20 to 25 minutes
so now what our system to do is pour it
straight insanity by this
as you can see
nice yeah
so now all those people it is straight
in self my oven it is a funnel of sponge
cake really nice simple and I'm tell me
guys they can do so many things that
this recipe nut roll with this cheap
sandwich from plate and I know it should
be a better fit for you yes mud fights
are for inside of your oven 20 to 25
minutes and in the meantime you can do
something else and generous pcs
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
just take it from the oven and earlier
you can see the way I look inside of the
oven looking lovely and nice that we use
Matuszak as soon to pour down straight
inside of it pull it up dry in the
middle dry anywhere dry and that's the
best way you can make yourself a nice
sort of the simple sponge cake like this
one guys as you can see looking so
lovely and fantastic oh this is just a
funnel of sponge cake and vanilla
nationally and it's a new flavor come on
really good eyes angel recipe subscribe
channel leave your comment I know it's a
little bit hot at the moment I'll
definitely cut to show you or you may
just order some afford four ounces of
sugar or under the water or also
yourself rising flour and two eggs so
nice lovely vanilla sponge cake
there are electrically conductive
very consumed to make the guys enjoyed
and leave your comments if you liked the
recipe please write below and thank you
so much
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you