[Music]
hello friends welcome my name is
Conchita and today I will be teaching
you how to make red porcelain and I'm
not telling you that this is the
traditional way of making it because to
tell you the truth I don't know what's
the traditional way we all make the BAS
all is in a different way okay this is
the way I make it this is the way I like
it
and I hope you like it too I'm using
port meat as you can see if you guys
don't like the neck bones or the pig
feet
I do recommend for you to use at least
one or two pieces because this gives the
pasola a really really good flavor okay
I'm also using garlic bay leaf onion I
have like a medium sized onion here and
it's cut into pieces powder cumin salt
and I'm also using the north and it's
the chicken flavour you can find it at
almost everywhere all the spanish stores
mexican stores I also have hominy okay
and this is the the original there's
actually two kinds that Juanita makes
they make the white one that I use for
the menudo and this is the like the
yellow one and this is good for the
pasola and if you go to the store and
you look at them they're gonna look
different the other one looks really
really white and this one has like a
yellowish color and like I said it gives
up a solid a really really good flavor
if you can't find this brand there's
also this brand and it's like a
yellowish color too and this is my East
I'm Maria and this is what we're looking
for especially if you're making the
pasola
so as long as you find something this is
my ISA Maria you can go ahead and buy
that one it doesn't have to be this
special brand just buy whatever you can
find this is my summary you I'm gonna be
using dried Chile's to make my persona I
really don't like to use the powder once
I like to use this type of Chile's
because I have more control of all the
ingredients that I'm mixing into them
but if you can find something
that you like like the powder ones go
ahead and use them I am using Chile
California Chile booyah
you don't have to use this one if you
don't find it that's okay I like to use
it because I think it gives the pasola
a special flavor but you don't have to
use it or you can't find it I'm using
pasilla ancho and also the chili why
here you if you can only find the Chile
California and the Chile one here you
it's okay you can go ahead and use this
to to make your salsa for the persona
the first thing that I want to do is
blend my onion my garlic and also a
little bit of the cumin I'm gonna mix
all this together I like to blend the
onion and the garlic together because I
really don't like to be fishing for them
when the pasola is done if you don't
want to do it like this you can go ahead
and just pour all this stuff into the
pan with the meat I have my meat here
already in my pot and I also have my
onion and garlic and I'm gonna add my
bay leaf inside I'm gonna pour all my
onion some salt you don't have to add a
lot of salt at this point because we're
gonna be adding salt when we make our
genus I have four cups of water here and
I'm going to add probably two more cups
the total of water that I'm using here
is 6 cups of water because of the amount
of meat that I already have my dried
chilies they're already clean and I'm
gonna show you how I clean them you can
go ahead and wear gloves if you need to
some of these Chile's are really hot and
some of them they're not at all so it
depends but if you're not used to
working with chilies I would recommend
for you to use gloves
I cut the stem and I also cut my chilies
like this and I take all the seeds out
I use a wet paper towel and I wipe them
or you can go ahead and rinse your
Chile's it's up to you so what I'm gonna
do right now is put all my Chile's here
on this pot and I'm gonna put water I'm
gonna take it to the stove let the
chiles boil as soon as they're boil
you're gonna turn up the heat and leave
it there until they are soft we want
them to be soft before we blend them and
this is a total amount of water that you
want for your chin this is probably like
2 cups or so before we put the lid on we
want to mix everything together with a
spoon now I'm gonna put the lid on and
we're gonna make sure that it's not on
Banting I'm gonna put it on menu and I'm
gonna put it for 15 minutes and that's
it you're just gonna leave it alone for
15 minutes after the time I did it quick
release and as you can see I don't have
no more face here to put my hominy so I
have a bigger pot here and I'm gonna
pour all the meat into the big pot as I
have my cheat I have onion and garlic in
here I'm gonna add some oregano spray
like a tablespoon I'm adding all the
chilies and also the liquid if you guys
don't like oregano you don't have to add
oregano to the salsa but it gives pozole
a really really special flavor since I
need more liquid I am adding some of the
juice from the pasola
and it's like a cut
at this point I want you to check the
consistency of your chili and as you can
see it's nice and thick and this is the
way I want it if yours is too runny
you can add some hominy to your blender
and blend it again okay this would help
your salsa and get a little bit thicker
but only if your satsang is now we're
gonna pour our sauce on here with the
strainer and as you can see I do not use
the whole thing of the thoughts on that
we've made so you can save this salsa in
the freezer and use it later to make
another pot or you can use it to make
Manila okay cuz I do have a recipe to
make menudo in the instant pot it's
really really good
and yes you can use the same salsa but
as you can see it's ready and it smells
so good and it was really really easy to
do I hope you guys do give it a try and
let me know if you like it or not but I
know that you will okay and this is the
way I make it a lot of people make it in
a different way but it's really really
good and that's it I'm gonna leave it
here for another 10 minutes or 15
minutes I hope you guys like my recipe
and if you do please let me know leave
me a comment have a wonderful day