hey my cookies today I am going to show
you what could quite possibly be the
best chicken pot pie you ever did taste
and it's completely homemade let me show
you how to do it okay we're gonna start
with the filling so I'll melt some
butter and then add in some onion and
celery and saute that around for about
five minutes until they're nice and
tender
off-camera I added in garlic as well so
now sprinkle in some flour and stir it
around to cook out that flour retails
for like a minute or so now pour in some
chicken stock or chicken broth and once
it starts to simmer its gonna thicken up
just like this that's what we want now
for the spices some onion and garlic
powder and some Italian seasoning and it
wouldn't be comfort without some heavy
cream you know I promise this is the
best pot pie filling ever okay
allow it to simmer and thicken until it
looks like this and then you want to
just taste it and adjust the seasoning
at your salt and pepper as needed I've
removed it from the heat and now I'm
gonna add in my cooked chicken I shred
it mine but you can chop yours up into
chunks however you like it just make
sure it's cooked now pour in some frozen
carrots and peas and give it all a good
mix y'all look how creamy this is you
got to drive my recipe you just have to
look at this okay let's move on to the
crust you'll need two 9-inch pie crusts
mine is homemade I'll link their recipe
in the description box and we're just
gonna roll it out and place it into a
buttered pie dish this is a 9 inch pie
plate then roll out that bottom pie
crust into it you know press it down in
there it doesn't have to be cute and
then we're gonna pour and goodness and
make sure you smooth it out evenly and
then roll your second crust on top I
gotta have crust of the top in the
bottom this is comfort food okay then
we're just gonna tuck and roll our edges
doesn't have to be cute but just make
sure you take care your edges child now
we need a little egg wash so crack an
egg whisk it then brush it all over the
top of the pie
and lastly cut a few slits in the top
for venting and now we bake on 400 for
about 30 minutes and then my loves you
will have the best chicken pot pie you
ever did taste wait 10 minutes before
you dive into it don't burn up your
mouth but thank you guys so much for
watching I have the recipe links
including this homemade look at that
flaky crust all that good stuff will be
in the description box I hope you
enjoyed this and I hope it was helpful
thank you so much for watching I gotta
eat so be less