[Music]
good afternoon people and welcome to
another episode of Adams eats Merry
Christmas what two days away
well it's two days for me would be one
day for you because you'll be seeing
this on a Friday and it's Thursday
because I film on a Thursday for
Friday's video blah blah
yeah it's soon before we jump straight
into this video just when I say there
won't be a video up on Boxing Day and
just because of my work schedule my life
schedule I've just had another capacity
to fit in another video and I'll say
normally I would film on a Sunday but
with it being Christmas Day I'll be too
busy stuffing sausage me up a Turkish
bum apologies for that but normal
schedule will resume on the Friday so
thank you very much for understanding
right let's get straight into this
recipe bread sauce why is it well it's
it's sort of bread in it and I used to
think it was a joke you know when I was
a kid I thought no way ma'am no the
dough you don't put breaded sauce that's
that's ridiculous no that doesn't happen
it does there is bread in it in case you
didn't know and it's really easy to make
super delicious and it keeps really well
you can make it a week ahead in advance
before the big day and you can also
freeze it for up to three months so
that's what we're gonna make today and I
suppose your press pause now make a list
of the ingredients and we'll crack on
right then so first thing we're going to
do is you get your milk and cream just
mix them both together in this jug here
straight into a pan in with your bay
leaves peppercorns then you want to take
your onion so on here you want to press
the cloves into the onion itself you
should go in fairly easily look that
straight in okay then you want to bring
this to a boil and let it simmer for
about two three minutes and then turn it
off completely leave it just to one side
with a cloth over or something like that
very cling film for or whatever and just
leave it to steep for about 30 to 45
minutes okay so once you've allowed your
milk and cream mixture to steep just
want to drain it through a sieve
again sloshed it all over your work tops
I always seem to do this I don't know
why try not to make a mess because you
can get rid of all this stuff now you
don't need that anymore
now you want tide in your breadcrumbs
you must use fresh breadcrumbs for this
if you use dried it's not going to work
nearly half as well so you just want to
mix that through if it looks a bit too
thick for you you can add just a bit of
extra milk I think that's why I'm going
to do and you just want to warm that
through add your seasoning I'm using
white pepper you can use black pepper I
just like white pepper in this sort of
thing just a pinch you don't need too
much because remember there's pepper
corns already in it pinch of salt okay
and then just a pinch of nutmeg you
don't need too much of this it's quite
powerful just a small pinch of that
final mix okay now this last step is
purely optional but it is nice because
it just makes it even bit richer is if
you don't have enough calories on
Christmas tag we're just going to add a
few more it's just a few knobs of butter
nothing outrageous and then again just
melt that through and that'll make it
even richer silkier speck you more
delicious final check for seasoning do
the bit more so and there we have it
bread sauce is done well there we are
bread sauce simple isn't it really and
like I said it will keep absolutely fine
in the fridge until you need it on
Christmas Day I just want to finish this
video by saying a Merry Christmas to all
my subscribers thank you ever so much
for supporting me over these few months
you make this channel so thank you from
the bottom of my heart I hope you have a
good Christmas you share lots of
memories and stuff with your loved ones
but also a more serious note if you've
got an elderly neighbor or you know
someone's going to be alone on Christmas
just give them a call knock on the door
okay because it's cold time here it's a
bittersweet time here for some people as
well so just bear that in mind thanks
again for watching please like share and
subscribe if you like my videos I'll put
all my social media links in the
description below I'll see you guys next
time bye for now