[Music]
in this video I'm going to explain why
you should be using our coronated she
fixes on fixing PVC corrugated sheets
and similar support PVC sheets tend to
be quite brittle to can break and split
when being fixed now a corrugated sheet
fixings have a seal
it's climate's to the plastic spreading
the load and reducing the chance of
splitting it also stops water
penetrating due to the timber and the
new and weakening when using a standard
wood screw have washer the head of the
screw is left exposed to tends to rust
quickly that's why our fixings are
design with a hinge
gravattack which protects the screw
after installation and stops rusty
streets here to further improve the
discreet finish we have both clear and
black fixings available about 250 it's
fixing you September 3 zinc plated woods
group which is included in the back if a
different screws required are the 10
gauge rules company installation is
quick and simple but to prevent
unnecessary damage to the plastic we can
forth to drill a five and a half mil
hole first it's also easier to drill the
holes in advance
we recommend using one fixing every for
pollination for the best possible
results once a hole is drilled base the
sheet on top
to guarantee a quality finish use evil
as mogul actions by minimum one
causation our fixings can also be used
for ridges values machines because the
seal molds the shape and came with
safety
in summary a corrugated sheet fixings
not only make a job easier but they last
longer
they will clean up and other rudimentary
further information on these and other
bigger products please visit always
thanks for watching see you soon
[Music]