I
my
what's going on guys this is Robert and
today we'll be talking about some
landing bar I'm kind of like just tips
and techniques on kind of just what I do
with it um one of my subscribers have
asked me if I do a video on this stuff
and one thing to watch out because I had
a Floyd Rose guitar um back and I had a
Randy Rhoads Flying V and it was really
cool but I got in this really bad habit
of using it constantly like all the time
like I kind of like stopped thinking of
licks to play and I would just grab you
know just go crazy with the way a bar so
I got rid of that guitar and um now that
I have my charbel and everything I'm
kind of I use it more responsibly so
it's kind of like a warning like be
careful with your floyd rose because
you'll instantly want to just overuse it
and everything and um it's really hard
not to because it's the mix-up sound
cool so um but anyways this is just
going to be kind of like some tips um
different sound you
random nonsense like that so anyways
here's the video and I hope this guy
this hope this helps you guys can't
speak okay the first thing that we're
going to kind of do this is just it's a
pretty basic one um there's not really
gonna be any tablature and in this video
because everything's going to be whammy
bar bass but I'll make sure to explain
everything well and just what we're
going to do is is just kind of do
okay and I'll probably do a close-up of
my right hand what I'm doing with the
way me for some of this stuff but
anyways it starts off you just you pick
and we're going to do this on the fifth
fret on the g-string mmm
so you pick that note you hit it and
then you hit your way anymore if I hit
it I mean you just you kind of lightly
push down on it um if you watch I kind
of like leave my pinky on the way bar
and I almost just go like that just kind
of smack it with my finger and it gets
just like that little bit of a bar in
there okay so then the next thing that
we're gonna do this leave you pick the
fifth fret on g then you just you hammer
on to the side on the g
after that whammy you're gonna pull back
off to the five I'm just playing me
again and that's kind of your cycle then
it just goes over and over again so fun
so five lamby seven way me so
that's just kind of the first thing um a
lot of stuff of blaming horror that I'm
going to show you is can you base around
harmonics and everything so um if you've
seen any of my videos I do what I just
did all the time and just it's kind of
cool just to UM just slide around
because luckily I'm when you're using
your bar it gives you a lot of extra
sustain so you can really slide around
um Steve Vai clip+ divided us
and like all I was doing so that whole
thing is pretty much what I said I you
know you hit a note then Lanny next now
Lanny on the other thing I was doing
different was I was sliding around so
so else we're going to talk about is
it's just it sounds really go to hit
harmonics and just kind of either you
know push the bar down or you can pull
it up both of them sound cool um what I
like to do is I'm on the fifth fret
around all the strings you get real
strong harmonics so a lot of times um in
my video so if I'm just damn it I'll
just kind of like hit the harmonics
randomly you usually it's just on the
where's the D string the G and the B and
I kind of hit them all at once and just
do like a bar diving sounds really cool
to me and I love the way that sounds it
sounds so ugly and just so just kind of
mess around with them
and then another one that you can do is
it's just to kind of like um you have
pinched harmonics so the natural ones
just just kind of waiting for that one
every girl I knew that this video would
be kind of like guessing the check with
a lot of the stuff so yeah more even
lower scream
I was there but um like said there's
just tons of stuff I'm something that I
stole from rep Beach is is it I'm just
gonna show you on the low E string what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go okay
those are all natural harmonics and the
first one I played was on the fifth fret
so what you're doing is on the fifth
fret the bar in between the fifth and
the sixth there's a real strong harmonic
there can you go to the seventh fret so
the bar between seven and eight nine ten
and then twelve thirteen what we're
going to do is it's kind of that same
thing that we were doing before but is
that picking these harmonics we're just
going to kind of smack them with your
middle finger and it's going to sound
out the harmonic real strong
you can do this unlike any other strange
obviously the other shoes are a little
bit harder the lowest earnings just the
easiest way to go just messing around
with this but what we're gonna do is
you're gonna hit a harmonic
me
that's something cool to kind of mess
around so I'm just to start off just you
the fifth fret
okay and then um something else I'm
going to show you there's something that
another thing I stole from Red Beach a
lot of you guys probably going to
recognize it more from dime bag but um I
learned it from Red Beach and one of his
old guitar instructional videos way back
in the 80s it was grabbing a harmonic
and I was I'm not the best at it
what'd you do this time on the fifth
fret
what I do is I just I grab the string
with my first finger ah Anna I don't
play the fifth note I kind of grab it
and pull it get that kind of effect from
it then what I do is I push the bar down
anyway you do is you just kind of you
let your finger barely touch the string
on the fifth fret of harmonics like we
were talking about or the g-string but
please let it barely touch it then you
bring your bar back up so
so the trick to this one is a lot of
game really does help and you don't want
it to something
you really don't want to hear you wanna
hear any of that use one here
so it's definitely that kind of a harder
one to burn it first but like I said I'm
just pulling off on the screen every
hitting a note per se I'm just kind of
plucking it with this left hand I'd be
good
the bar down and you're just going to
like said let your finger hit that harm
oh wow that's um your bar still push
down and then bring it back up
besides to again they're all kind of
harmonic based this is just kind of
something joe satriani does guess it
will get a pinch Ramon it without
fighting anything you kind of grabbed
his lambda bar with his hand like this
and he'll just pick a string and get a
harmonic
and that's just kind of the thing that
he's rocking um he doesn't like on
demand it's created he was grabbing and
just do him whenever he feels like it
unless I've never really used it I just
I saw him do it once and um it's just
kind of something that I picked up but I
don't really use unfortunately and
another thing to kind of do is this is
another thing I stole from UM rep Beach
and it's just a spaceship sound do is
you just kind of have a shot on your
strings and moving your pickups and let
it kind of hit the pickups
um and you'll hear the that kind of
sound from it push the bar down a little
bit given this kind of space
can't you just like the spookiest sound
I guess another one is just to kind of
up here above your fret nut just to pick
the strings
it was a booty sound um just tons of
stuff you can do at the land bar like I
said I'm not like the best um person
with a land bar or anything because I
try to not use it too much I don't I
don't know it's if I felt like if I use
it too much again I'm going to fall back
into that pit but um the best thing to
do is just try to like incorporate any
of that stuff in your own planning and
make up your own stuff I mean maybe the
video helps you guys and everything so
peace out and I will see you with the
next video
Oh