okay so what we're doing today is we're
going to make chicken salad and if you
don't like chicken and you like tuna you
prefer tuna you can make tuna as well
and it'll be the same way you'll do the
exact same thing except you're just
going to substitute tuna where we are
doing chicken chicken um to kind of
start out to give you kind of a what we
what I use I use just can tuna there's
like there's um you can if you have like
normal chicken I guess you can use that
as well but I use can cuz it's easier
and I don't have the time to make
chicken and then chop it all up um
that's the first step um thing that
you're going to need what you'll need
for this you'll need eggs mayonnaise
sweet pickle relish and tuna or chicken
depending on whatever it is you want to
make if
you want to do like anything else that
you know that you like in chicken salad
or tuna salad you can go ahead and do
that just add it in when you think that
you're going to need it um the first
thing you're going to do is you're going
to boil eggs and here's my eggs boiling
you can see it there we go
and um I always wait till they start
boiling and then I let them go for 10 to
15 minutes and then after they're done
with that I'll drain the water and then
I will put cold water in so that they've
cooled off and then when you're peeling
them and chopping them up and everything
they won't burn your hands all right so
we'll get to that whenever they get done
boiling so I have boiled the eggs and
right now they're cooling off and I'll
show you just kind of like what I did I
just came over to my sink and I drained
them as you can see they're all drained
the Pan's not hot anymore I put cold
water in it it I rinsed them out a few
times hang just second kind of see I can
touch them now they're not hot so like
whenever I peel these they'll be okay
and they're not going to burn my hands
but instead of doing that right now and
only focusing on the eggs we're going to
catch you started and here's like I said
this is kind of I use it's none of it
has to be name brand stuff it can be
whatever you want and also I forgot to
mention whenever you get the chicken you
want to make sure that you get it with
water and not oil because if you get it
with oil then you're it's going to be
very oily when you mix everything in
with it so you don't want to do that so
the first thing you're want to do is
you're going to take this and you're
going to open it and I don't know how
I'm going to try and do
this with anyway you're going to open it
and you just use the can opener this a
can opener for the non- cooks out there
and you'll just open it and you're going
to drain your chicken and I will try and
do that I don't know if I can do that
and film at the same time so we'll just
kind of wing it and if I can't you'll
know how to Dr chicken just take it out
get all the water off of it if you don't
get all of it off it's not a big deal
just make sure you get the majority of
it off cuz you don't want your stuff to
be really runny all right I started
opening this as you can see I've got it
clamped now this is how I do it to make
it a little bit easier for myself
whenever I go to drain it I open it
about halfway and then I just pour it
out and you can see all the stuff is
draining out of the thing just kind
of get it like that and then I will go
ahead and open it the rest of the
way here are both cans drained um like I
said before at the beginning of this um
if you want to do real or use real
chicken you are more than welcome to
it'll turn the same way I'm sure it'll
taste probably better but since I I work
full-time and I don't don't really have
the time to do it I just use this um but
just make sure that you're shredding it
and I'm going to try and do this with
two hands or with one hand rather you
just want to kind of do this just like
you're cutting
meat and you just do this over and over
and eventually it's going to be very
thin and
shredded so this is what your chicken
should look like once it's completely
shredded it'll be very fine um and then
after this I us set this to the side and
then I will come over here to my eggs
and so right now I'm going to show you
kind of how to peel an egg for people
who don't peel eggs I guess I'm I see
everyone know how to peel an egg but you
know what no um here's what it's going
to be as you can see I've already peeled
my first four um what I do which it
always thinks really EAS I crack the
bottom and then I'll crack the top like
so and then I just kind of roll
it and crack it and you can see and then
the easiest way for me is I just start
peeling it off like so make sure I'm
getting it and then if you just keep
going it it comes comes off really easy
it's not that difficult
um it's pretty
messy and of course if you have both
hands and you're not trying to film
yourself it'll go
quicker I'm just kind of taking it off
there's also like a a film underneath
and I don't
know zoom in if you can see this sort of
film is on these maybe you can't um but
there's a film and if you're sure to get
the film with the egg
um the shell will come off
quicker peed real
quick my mess all cleaned up and I
bought this today at Walmart and it's
supposed to be just an egg
slicer so or I guess this will be posted
tomorrow so I bought it yesterday when
you're watching this um you'll put your
egg in here if it does what it's
supposed to like so and then you're
going to close this
and then just push it down and you have
a CH of
EG
so so this is what the eggs look like
I've got them all chopped up now after I
went and I cut them the one way with the
little squeezer clamp thing which worked
brilliantly it was only I think $3 in
Walmart so um it was very good I'm very
impressed I went the opposite way that
it cut and I cut like this and then I
just kind of cubed it up and as you can
see this is the c Cube that I
got um just kind of go through it if you
see something that you want to be cut
smaller then just go ahead and chop that
up like this piece here didn't really
cut that
well so what you're want to do now is
you're going to go
to add this in here and just kind of
dump it
in like so so I'm just going to go ahead
and do this
you're going to want want to add the
eggs slowly and then just kind of mix it
up until you get the amount of egg that
you want in it um with this there's not
too much there's not too less that you
can put in just whatever your personal
taste
is okay so now that you have the eggs
mixed in the way that you want them and
the amount that you want you're going to
add your mayonnaise or marip whichever
you use um you can use low fat if you
want to you don't have to it's just up
to whatever you want um to start out I
just do about a spoonful like this I
guess and then I'll do two to start out
there's no precise measurement with that
and then after that I will do one
spoonful of sweet pickle
relish like
so and then I will just mix it up
and whatever you want the consistency to
be is whenever you'll stop adding each
um I always add less to begin with and
then do taste tests between because I'd
rather have to add more than try and
figure out a way to take some
out so here is what your chicken or tuna
Sal whichever one you deci to make it
look like when you're when it's finished
um I ended up using about six of these
and five of this and if you only are
making a small one you're obviously
you're not going to use as much you'll
just kind of stop whenever you feel that
you are like it's to your taste so just
remember to taste as you're making it
and to add little bits and then add more
as you're mixing together so that you
don't have to worry about having it be
too strong or not strong enough so that
is a simple way to have lunch if you
have to make any one lunch or if you
want to go on a picnic or anything you
want to do so um I hope you enjoy it bye