[Music]
hi welcome back to base base I'm Maria
and today I want to share with you my
all time favorite dessert the classic
power fifties perfect for any family
gathering or occasion if you liked the
video give us a thumbs up and subscribe
to the channel anyway that's enough from
me let's get baking we're going to start
off by preheating our oven to 150
degrees Celsius place the egg whites in
your stand mixer bowl and mix until soft
peaks form
[Music]
adding your caster sugar a tablespoon at
a time until all incorporated mix until
stiff peaks form and here's a little tip
you know when the mixture is perfect
when you rub it between your finger and
thumb and you can't do any sugar lastly
add in some vanilla just for some extra
flavoring again guys this is optional
once that's done add your corn flour and
vinegar salt them in using your spatula
now draw a template like you see here
[Music]
flip the sheet then pile on your
meringue making a little well in the
middle this makes the perfect vessel for
cream once you're happy with how it
looks I went rustic here pop it in the
oven for an hour once that fake and the
oven turned off let the past go in the
oven for 30 minutes before opening the
oven door now it's time to decorate I've
gone with the classic house flavors with
cream flavored with vanilla bean paste
topped with passion fruit blueberries
and strawberries
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is perfection
[Music]
and not see how easy a delicious does it
look I cannot wait to dig in yum this is
my all-time favorite dessert and it's
going to be yours too thanks again for
watching guys and if you like this video
be sure to give us a thumbs up and
subscribe to the channel don't need out
enough sweet treats and I'll bake you
next time see ya
[Music]