hey guys today's video is a little bit
late I haven't loaded a video last
Saturday but um I am uploading it today
because I have a week off so from work
so I figured that I would have a lot
more time to sit down and film and
rather than on Friday that I was really
busy anyway the video is up today so
sorry I'm late but today I'm going to
show you how to make the white of your
eyes look whiter actually look for this
video
I just have a video a very long time ago
when I was really young and I just
couldn't find anything so I for some
reason figured that I will search for it
again and see if I have all the results
and surprisingly not there aren't a lot
of results on YouTube so I decided to do
one video myself to show you the tricks
I know to make your eyes look brighter
so if you want to see how I created this
look right here then just keep on
watching
okay so the first step is eye drops now
I know a lot of you would say Yeti now
you can stop right there you can use
just eyedrops and that will make your
eyes look brighter and that's true but
of course you can use only eye drops and
it will make the white of your eyes look
whiter but I'm just going to show you
today how to emphasize this how to make
your eyes look more open bright and
awake and how to emphasize the white of
your eyes to make it look even whiter
okay so after I have that I'm going to
apply my base I'm going to use my Urban
Decay primer potion all over the lid
this is the anti-aging one but you can
use whatever then the first color that
I'm going to apply all over my lid is
going to be this kind of pearly light
color that would make the lid pop out a
little bit more and it would just
brighten the eye even more and I'm going
to use nylon by Mac for this which looks
like this and with my Mac 252 brush I'm
going to apply that all over the lid so
that when you look at the color wheel
the color that emphasizes blue is on the
opposite side and it's orange so to
emphasize blue in your eye in the whites
of your eye and actually make it look
lighter and more white um you can't you
can use just colors that are more orange
and toned bronzy golden warm bronze warm
tones overall so I'm going to use and
decrease a word tone Brown which is
called a taupe stop that taupe it's
actually kind of a warm brown from my
lorac pro palette I'm going to be mixing
it with the gold right here so those two
shades on a fluffy blending brush this
is 825 my Sigma so I'm going to take
those two colors and just apply them
into my crease and upwards I'm just
going to softly blend them outwards so
using a foreign tone eyeshadow rather
than a cool tone should emphasize the
whites in your eye then I'm going to
take those two colors again and apply
them under the lower lash line but I'm
not going to close to the lash line just
a little bit lower because I'm going to
apply a different color closer to the
lash line underneath so to emphasize the
blue kind of the whiteness of the eye
you want to use a have a blue toned
eyeshadow or something that has a blue
tone closer to the eye and you don't
have to use like a glue you can use
something that's kind of a while.i key
I'm going to use a lilac I loose
eyeshadow / pigment
something that I got from I'm Coastal
Scents actually in the sample size and I
can't remember the name of it
we'll find it I will link it down below
and I'm just going to take a small flat
brush and apply this color closer to the
lash line under the lower lashes a
little bit on the inner corner oh just
got it in my eye
don't get it in your eye will so like
this so closer to the eye I'm using the
blue toned eyeshadow just going to blend
the warmer tone underneath a little bit
more and then to brighten the eye even
weren't going to really lighten the
inner corner of the eyes I'm going to
take white from my lorac Pro palette and
I'm going to take this color on the
inner corner just around the tear duct
and then a little further into the nose
area kind of on to the bridge of the
nose further in just highlight the whole
area right here and I'm also going to
take that on the Mac 252 under the
eyebrow to highlight right there as well
and then try to take a nude which is
this more of a frosted shade and apply
that closer to the inner corner around
the tear duct
that were really bright in this area
then to open up the eye even more I'm
going to use a nude tone eye pencil on
the inner rim of my eye I'm using the
Rimmel London's scandal eyes in nude
that will open up the eye even more and
then for eyeliner I want to something
that's really soft so I'm not going to
like a liquid or gel liner I'm actually
going to use an eye shadow so I'm using
this black from the same Pro palette and
my Sigma e65 angled brush and I'm going
to drag that along the upper lashes
really close to the lash line and I'm
not going to take it all the way to the
inner corner because I don't want to
close the eye or make you look like more
narrow or anything like that
I'm darken it up I just want to darken
the lash line only also because I'm
going to use falsies
so I'm going out just a little bit on
this outer edge very softly like so that
is going to curl my lashes and apply
some mascara to my top and bottom lashes
on the bottom lashes I'm going to apply
really just the tiniest amount of
mascara because I don't want any shadow
to be casted on the bottom lashes I
wanted to keep it pretty bright
I'm going to use a very thin coat of
mascara on the bottom lashes and on the
top lashes as well then to open up the
eye even more I'm going to use some
falsies but create natural ones because
I don't want anything that's too heavy
that will cast a shadow again so I'm
using the Ardo 110 lashes
you
so this is the final result I really
hope you enjoyed it and that you find
this video helpful and always a list of
all the products used in this video is
going to be linked down below on the
description bar on this video listed and
linked on the description bar of this
video make sure to follow me on all the
social network sites all blings are down
below as well don't forget to subscribe
and I'm going serve till next Saturday
bye