[Music]
hello everybody welcome to another video
please subscribe my channel and press
the bell icon for turning our
notifications on a very sour cream or
plain yogurt to help take the fire out
of a dish you've accidently over spiced
if you notice the top of your cake is
browning too fast you can dent it with
aluminum foil until the inside is
completely cool if you've left it too
late for that you can slice the top off
once it's cooled and cover your mistake
with some frosting
if you accidentally add too much winabi
to a dish think about adding some sugar
to balance that acidity
add a bit of honey to a salad dressing
to balance the acidity from using too
much vinegar pop some carrots in an
overly acidic tomato sauce their
sweetness will help balance out that
vinegary note leafy greens like collard
greens can often leave a bitter taste in
your mouth add a touch of lemon or lime
to your greens after you to cook them to
balance this a sprinkle of sugar can
help reduce the bitterness to
add a raw sliced potato to a gas a roll
or stew to help absorb excess salt
alternatively add some cooked grains or
rice if that makes sense for the dish
they will absorb extra salt and I leave
the dish overall a little sugar in a to
salty soup can help dilute the saltiness
to the only oven on a low temperature
around 300 degrees Fahrenheit to 325
degrees Fahrenheit and keeping the meat
in the pan you're cooking it in then to
the pan with aluminum foil use a meat
thermometer to check for doneness 160
degrees Fahrenheit for medium there is
such a thing as too much sugar in savory
dishes where one ingredient sweetness
overpowers the rest of the dish try
adding a squeeze of lemon juice to
balance the sugar with some acid
but to a large casserole dish toss the
vegetables gently with some heavy cream
and some croutons place them in the dish
top with grated cheese and some panic
breadcrumbs and pop under the broiler a
few minutes until the cheese is bubbly
and golden
[Music]