hello everyone for this project and the
company working on I decided to go with
this vigor of composite edgings label
there and main reason we're needing
something there's actually six inches in
height that's what this is six inches
instead of the four-inch middle edge and
then also there are a lot of wires in
this project so I don't want to worry
about driving stakes through any pipes
or wires that kind of thing
but the product is obviously just the
same stuff as the composite decking I'm
not particularly concerned about
longevity $30.00 between B which
anything that will last is worth its
while is going to be able to wander into
the judges the wood grain and looks okay
there's a green depth indicator line
it's actually on the top of it if you
look at the profile you can see that's a
sharp edge down here is the bottom and
the smoother edge is at the top but the
green indicator line is nothing that you
can ignore it realistically but rids of
a review people not happy at all with
with the way it would buckle and not
make straight lines not make smooth
curves and it really has to do with how
they were installing it so I'll show you
real quickly the proper way to install
any kind of edging product especially
this one and end up with really nice
line but starting out the main thing to
do when you get it is make sure you're
working on it on a day that's over say
around 50 degrees or opportunity very
stiff and if not the nice warm
that can take some of the little
out of it and the other thing too for
you get started and clean it all comes
our probe one-way well just go through
and counter roll it the other way and
which will end up with in at the end is
you look at a relatively straight piece
that's just going to lay it to work with
it a lot easier
really the only tools you're going to
need a hammer some snips and it cuts
really easily we've got a tape measure
got a clamp for any exact esteem connect
together and then just some construction
liquid nail type product something is
flexible and there you can see the stake
another complaint I saw on it regularly
was that there weren't enough stake
there are enough stakes if you do it
right you really don't need any stakes
at all and you could use maybe on just
the very end of any piece of insulation
that's that's all you need so that's
what we're going to do and I'll get onto
the installation