I'm in love with the go hello de you
it's
Amanda today is not only Thursday but it
is a throw back Thursday my entire
childhood consisted of me wanting to get
slimed so I thought you know what I I
can slime myself I am a strong
independent woman and I do not need
Nickelodeon to complete me so we're
going to make some slime I don't really
know how to make slime I tried to learn
off the internet and everything was just
really confusing so I'm going to teach
you how I think it should be done and
then by the end we'll see if it's going
to work out for you this is going to be
a tribute to your fetus self you'll be
like yes we get slimed and it's freaking
awesome thanks to Amanda from the
internet let's do this step one get some
water in your bucket this is H2O we got
that first step done next you're going
to get some green
Jello-O in the little
packages Beck soda I got baking soda
you're going to pour it inside of your
water oh
oh it smells nice and we're just we just
going to stir it all up
[Music]
oh get some more baking soda more baking
soda it's not really baking soda it's
it's
Jell-O this is also the step where you
start to doubt yourself maybe maybe I'm
not doing this completely correct but
that shouldn't stop
you next we're going to get some Elmer's
Glue I almost hit myself in the face and
you're just going to add a little bit at
a time just getting that consistency up
there you probably ate this stuff when
you're in kindergarten you can rub it
all over your body you'll be fine I hope
oh yes consistency then we're going to
get some baby shampoo it was very
specific on the internet it said baby
shampoo don't be getting your shampoo
don't be getting some Dand drift shampoo
whatever whatever you got going on get
baby shampoo it has a seal in it so it's
not okay
oh add some shampoo and then we're going
to mix it
around mix it around town it's a it's a
Nickelodeon reference for you cuz we're
making
slime and our next step is to add the
green
dye oh it's so green
oh and then now we're just going to stir
it around
oh beautiful next up will be SpongeBob
back to
you not the perfect slime but like it's
still slime but the last step is to get
[Music]
slimed subscribe for more videos of
daily you and check me out on Amanda's
Chronicles like And
subscribe I need a shower
so why are you two in Iceland getting
our groove back much thought I needed
cheering up back in the
[Music]
groove you know we're the oldest people
in here what
Americans we need to light up this glow
sticks what's a glow
stick boy it feels great to be out of
the city huh until wild sure this
wouldn't be better with like us not here
and believe me you guys make the shot
just keep relaxing