everyone said today I thought I'd do a
little bit of a different video from my
usual yoga sequences and show you how to
make some homemade muesli so to make
your muesli you're going to need 200
grams of porridge oats 50 grams of
coconut 100 grams of sunflower seeds 50
grams of pumpkin seeds a hundred grams
of mixed flaxseed and sesame seed orders
ground up together and dried fruit of
your choice 400 grams i've got raisins
and cranberries some agave nectar
coconut oil cinnamon a bowl to mix
everything together in and then some
utensils just to mix it all up
so first things that you're going to
need to do is just to get all of your
dry ingredients and just mix them
together so mixing in the porridge the
coconut the sunflower seeds the pumpkin
seeds the dried fruit the flax seed and
sesame seed and then just mix that up
till all of the mixture is combined so
next what you're going to do is take
your coconut oil and you're going to put
three heat tablespoons into a saucepan
and then put in three tablespoons of
agave nectar then putting it on to a low
heat just to cook for a few minutes just
until all of the mixture has melted
while that's just melting you want to
take 2 teaspoons of cinnamon and then
add that to your mixture and again mix
really well so it's all combined you can
add more cinnamon if you really like the
taste of cinnamon or less if you really
don't buy now your coconut oil should
have all melted up so then you can just
go ahead and pour that onto your dry
mixture and then begin to stir that all
together so that all of the dry
ingredients are covered in that Coke
Oh an agave nectar mixture so you can
see that I've mixed up everything all
together really well so now I'm going to
take a high-sided baking tray or
roasting tray and then just pour all of
the mixture into it pressing it down and
flattening it so everything bakes evenly
so once I've spread everything out
evenly I'm going to pop that into the
oven for about 15 to 20 minutes on a
round gas mark 5 until it's a nice
golden brown color when it's ready
remove from the oven and you'll be able
to see it's a nice golden brown color
and then very carefully does begin to
break up that mixture so it can cool all
separated you can then store that in an
airtight container for around 5 days so
here's my finished muesli I've just put
that on top of some Greek yogurt yummy
thanks for watching
you