hey everyone its mark Wiens with
migration ology calm in singapore right
now i'm at a place called kim hang cafe
and for any meat lovers this place is an
absolute paradise i hope you can hear me
okay because it just started downpouring
out of nowhere so it's a little bit loud
luckily we arrived here just before it
started raining and this is a
neighborhood small food court cafe
open-air cafe and as soon as you get to
the back where they have the glass
display cabinet and as soon as you see
the amount of meat that is glistening
within that glass cabinet it is enough
for any meat lover to just go a little
bit crazy and for your mouth to start
watering it is just a beautiful trophy
cabinet full of Chinese roasted meats
they have chess you they have roast pork
they have duck and they have chicken I
think those are the main meats that I
saw what many people order is they have
a whole menu up on the top of the
hawkers hawker stall where they have
different plate combinations that you
can order so you can get that chassis
with roast pork you can get the roast
pork with roast chicken you can get I
think they have every kind of meat
combination you can possibly imagine I
decided to go for the chess you
and roast duck combination they put on a
bowl of rice onto the plate and then
covered it in some dark sauce and then
topped it with a pretty generous portion
of both the top Sue and the roast duck
this side this is the chassis you you
can see that just that glazy
glisten on the outsides of the pork and
then within the pork
it looks so juicy that it's almost it's
almost unbelievable you're you can
hardly take looking at it without eating
it and then on this side is the roast
duck look at how succulent and how meaty
that duck is with just that golden
beautiful crunchiness on the top and
then the rice on the bottom with all
that sauce and then finally it's also
served with another sauce here for
dipping sorry about the lighting change
it started raining so hard that they wet
down the curtains so it's a little bit
darker in here than it was before but I
know the food is still going to taste
exactly the same I have no choice but to
start with one of the pieces of duck oh
just look at that meat oh-ho-ho-ho okay
with rice and I won't try any of the
other sauce yet
oh yeah I love roasted duck oh that is
marvelous the duck itself is really
really lean and then the skin is crispy
you can taste that flavor of the hoisin
which is a little bit sweet and almost
taste like plum a little bit that meat
is so lean and it almost has a livery
taste to it
for my next bite of duck I'll add some
of this sauce
all roast duck is one of the the
ultimate meats and just as soon as it
started downpouring randomly it has
ended and so they just looked it up the
curtain so we are back to natural
lighting in this food cart and it is
more cool and refreshing now after that
rain okay time to rotate rotate my plate
and time to go in for the chasse you and
that looks like the perfect piece to to
have first
oh yeah it is just the perfect ratio of
fat to meat so it's juicy and tender and
then on the outside it almost tastes
like a honey glazed ham it's a little
bit sweet and it has a real roasted
smoky flavor and it's just
yeah the texture and the flavor are both
unbelievably good
this sauce it's kind of like a it's kind
of like a barbecue sauce with a little
bit of spice in it
just melt-in-your-mouth that was really
a top-notch plate of meat and rice that
was a true meat treat and the flavor was
just the same as you get in Hong Kong it
reminded me of eating in Hong Kong
actually really really good and for any
meat lover this place will not
disappoint or sure I think everything
that they have within that glass cabinet
is delicious big thank you to will
Alexis and Nicholson all for
recommending this place for the roast
meat I loved it
absolutely loved it and definitely if
you love rose mate this is a place you
want to make a priority for coming when
you are in Singapore thank you all for
watching this video please remember to
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
on the next food video