I'm going to talk us through what to do
to bring down higher blood sugar levels
the classic signs of high blood sugar
levels are feeling very thirsty needing
to go to the toilet urinate a lot and
feeling tired lethargic and possibly
irritable as well the symptoms of high
blood glucose levels can be similar to
low blood glucose levels so if you all
meditation that can cause you to go hypo
it's a good idea to check your blood
sugar levels before you attempt to bring
them down this is particularly important
if you're taking in too in if you all
know flexible insulin regime and control
your own doses you can use insulin to
bring your blood sugar levels down be
wary of any insulin that's already in
your body and don't be tempted to
overcorrect walking is a good way of
bringing your blood glucose levels down
and can be better than strenuous
exercise more intensive exercise can
initially push blood sugar levels up in
some people so walking may be a better
option if your blood glucose levels are
on the higher side around ten or more
your kidneys will try to take sugar out
for your blood drinking water can help
the body along with this just a word of
caution don't be tempted to drink too
much more than a liter of water in the
short space of time as whilst rare
drinking too much water can lead to
water intoxication so in summary if
you're not on a flexible insulin regime
your best bet for lowering blood glucose
levels is to take walk and keep hydrated