[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to the
homestead this is Kevin with living
traditions homestead today we are going
to make one of my favorite snacks so
here on the homestead we're going to
make homemade corn nuts reason that I
love these three of my favorite things
about any good kemal crunchy salty
deep-fried doesn't get any better than
that these are super easy to make it's a
really good way to use up if you have
food storage like we like we think buy
things in bulk so we're just food on
hand and one of the things that we
always buy is a whole organic corn know
we buy 50-pound bags and we use it to
grind for corn flour cornmeal let Pepa
thing so I don't have a lot of it on
hand but you know I'm attorney to get to
the end of its life then maybe this is a
good way to you so move it up so all you
have to do is plan ahead just a little
bit because you need to soak this dry
corn in water for about two days in the
refrigerator and then you can deep-fry
it after that so all we're going to do
is fill half-gallon mason jars or fill
up halfway full of corn you're going to
make them as a link a lot so why not
alright so we fill up about that full of
corn and then we're just going to cover
that with water
it will soak it up so with quite a bit
of water in there where's the important
cover on and we're going to put this in
the refrigerator I don't want to leave
it out on the counter or warmer is any
better it will start to prevent so let
me plan on making some whiskey you
really don't want that so keep it in the
fridge and then in about two days we'll
come back it'll have soaked up the water
but it won't be it won't be squishy like
corn on the cob or something like that
but it'll be softer than it is now like
you'll be able to break the kernel of
the NAP that's when you know it's ready
then we'll get off the fry daddy and we
will get these suckers fried up so I'll
be back with you in just a couple days
and we'll get these things gone okay
everybody so it's been a couple days I
actually kind of lost track and I think
it's been about three days three or four
days but these have been in the fridge
soaking in the water and so I don't
think it'll be a big deal like I said if
they would have been out on the counter
or something like that we'd be making
whiskey right now so the coordinates but
since they were in the fridge they
didn't start to ferment or anything you
can see I got a nice big bowl of the
corn like I said it's it's softer than
it was but it's not you can't like
squeeze it and break it or anything like
that what I've done is when I drained
the water Automation jar I poured all
the corn into a strainer let the water
run out and then I take it and I put it
on paper towels to dry it off as much as
possible because you really don't want a
lot of water getting in your oil or
it'll splatter all over the place my
experience is that this is going to
splatter quite a bit anyway and I just
have this little bitty fry daddy deep
fryer it doesn't have a cover it's not
fancy but we only deep-fry things like
three times a year we've deep fry fish
and we deep fry corn nuts and really
that's about it so I'm actually going to
watch for a bigger one this summer at
garage sales but I'm not spending much
money on one so
so I'm going to get these going I'll
show you as I put them in this first
batch once I put them in they take about
three to five minutes to get finished
they'll Bank a lot of noise at first and
then they'll start after about three to
five minutes they'll still start to
float to the top and you'll you'll be
able to tell a difference where they're
not really cooking anymore and that's
how you know that they're done once
they're done we'll take them out put a
month's and paper towels to drain the
excess oil off salt them and start on
another batch so we get these going
right now now just take a big scoop of
them it's probably good and we'll let
those cook and I'll get back with you
when it's time to take them out okay so
they're just about done it took longer
than I remembered
maybe I mean this is the first time I'm
using this little fryer so maybe it's
just not as powerful I don't know but
ended up taking about eight minutes
eight or nine minutes to get them done
but you can see that they're a good
golden brown color
so I'm going to scoop them all out onto
the paper towel
we're going to let those drain and then
we'll salt them and move on to the next
batch and I'll show you when we get done
all right so get them all scooped out
put on the paper towels and salted and
now what I'll do is I'll just leave them
sit on here while I fry up the next
round of them and by the time the next
ones are ready to come out these will be
cooled off I'll just put them in a big
bowl and then once they're all done and
cooled off I'll put them in mason jars
and we'll store them in the cabinet and
they'll store for quite a long time I
mean I don't know I guess I've never
kept them around long enough to see if
they'd go bad but chances are probably
eat them by the end of the week but I'm
going to get going on the restaurant and
I'll show you when we get all of them
done so you can see how much it ended up
making all right so we got the
coordinates all finger step it ended up
making a nice big ball of them I'm going
to make sure that they're good and
cooled off and then we'll put them in a
big mason jar and like I said these will
last I'm sure at least several months if
you want them to but we don't buy many
snacks around here so normally when we
make something like this it goes pretty
quickly so that's it I hope you guys try
this for yourself it's a great snack
it's a good way to use up your stored
corn if it's starting to get near the
end of its life so if you enjoyed this
video I would appreciate it if you would
hit the like button also don't forget to
subscribe to our channel because we do
put out five videos every week and we
try to teach you all kinds of skills
about homesteading and and all the
things that we do around here so thank
you so much for stopping by today and
until next time god bless and thank you
guys so much for stopping by the
homestead today we do truly appreciate
every one of you for wanting to be part
of our lives
we're now going to be putting out five
new videos every week Monday through
Friday so don't forget to hit that
subscribe button below also don't forget
to check out the videos over here on the
side thank you so much and we look
forward to seeing you next time back on
the homestead god bless