ever have this happened to your Ford
f-150 that's right you walk out to it in
a parking lot the window seems like it's
gone you're wondering if somebody busted
it out well guess what it probably isn't
busted out and probably just fell down
in the track that's right
I've had this happen on that side over
there before now it's time to fix it on
this side because the Ford engineers use
plastic parts in these things and
they're under high tension we're going
to fix this we're not going to replace
this most of the other videos out there
I think show how to replace it I'm going
to show you how to fix it it's going to
cost you about $0.50 stick with me here
are the tools you're going to need for
this repair some tin snips a container
for sockets we have a 10 millimeter a 6
millimeter 7/32 and 5/16 clamp nice soft
jawed clamp like this works really well
some needle nose pliers flat blade
screwdriver this is just for prying off
a little cover a putty knife I like to
use a I don't know what you call this a
socket stick that's what I'm going to
call it socket stick and a socket wrench
so there we go there's the tools that
you'll need oh the other thing you'll
need is a little teeny piece of sheet
metal about that big we're going to
start down here these little guys are
six millimeters there's two of them to
push this little guy push this little
guy that's out of our way there's also a
little screw down in here that will take
out
this is where your putty knife comes in
kind of stick it back in there and just
slowly work this off it's plastic so you
don't want to break any of the clips
here in the back and I'll show you what
it looks like there you go
so there's several little clips and
doodads back there I don't know what you
call those deals next thing we got to do
is take the speaker out yeah that's
right to get the door panel off got to
take this peak around seven thirty
seconds yeah our genius guys there Ford
they like to keep things as simple as
they could you know we'll do some in
American Standard we'll do some in
Metrix and we'll do the rest in just
some oddball thing but we won't keep the
same tools going we'll just keep SWAT
switching them up every time you turn
from one piece to the next great the
speaker off that's right trying to do
this show you guys the same time just
pinch that little guy off she comes set
him over here and now we have to turn
our attention to these little guys in
here I hope you guys can see those this
little plastic cup those things have to
come out in order for the door panel to
come off and here's one right here
underneath this little rubber gasket
piece and you can see this one over here
is missing generally when you take these
out you break one of them so I'm gonna
have you follow along I've taken this
door panel off a few times because I had
to replace the outside mirror on it
these things are not easy to get off but
how you do it
there we go there's one I think I do
have a replacement so yeah before you do
this project go to your Ford dealer and
get a few of these because you'll need
them I'm sure of that we should be able
to just lift this sucker off and there
it goes that simple we got our little
door handle here we're on the back side
here now that the panel's off we got to
remove this little thing so that our
handle will come through sorry I'm
trying to do this one-handed usually two
hands there we go so we'll twist that
out and set our panel down now the next
thing you're going to see is four bolts
one two three four we are going to take
out these four bolts you can see my
glass is down in here unharmed we'll
take those four bolts out and then we'll
get the glass out back from standards
two millimeters again this one here is a
ten millimeter or I guess all four of
these are ten millimeters we're just
going to loosen them up
I lifted the glass just a bit and the
idea is these little bolts right here
that connect the glass to the regulator
you got to take those off so you can get
the glass loose we've got one on this
side too so I just put a little clamp
there ten millimeter go all the way up
put your clamp on and Ford gave us a
nice little access hole right here for
the second bolt forgot about that one
right there that's the magic one right
in the middle this one's got to come all
the way out okay with that last bolt out
of the way we should be able to just
slide this up and out then we'll take
our other one slide it up and out in
this whole contraption we've come out
slowly but surely through this little
opening and we got to take off a little
motor connector here squeeze both sides
of that there we go and voila now we'll
have to find out what's broken okay
we've got our regulator laid out here
every one of these that I've seen broken
has had the same problem one of the
cables pulls out so if you have this
happen and you know when the windows
coming down and you see it you're trying
to roll it back up what it'll do is it
will suck this little cable back to here
and the way there's roles and unrolls
you have to keep everything nice and
even so the way to deal with that is you
can plug this in and you take a pair of
needle nose pliers on this cable and you
just pull it real hard while someone
else operates the switch so that you
don't get screwed up there where it
boils and so I have my wife do that for
me that was awfully nice of her and so
basically when you do that you also
- remember to plug back in your controls
for the passenger side or it won't work
so anyway what we're going to do is this
little piece just nice and slow like
that comes off and we can see where we
broke right here so we're going to
repair that piece it cut a sheet piece
of sheet metal so it folds around both
sides here and the idea is that we can
get it to stick down into our piece here
and then we're going to fold it back so
I'll show you what that looks like it's
going to take both my hands and a lot of
concentration to get this to happen so
I'll show you here in just a sec so
there's what she looks like all packed
in there I know that's not perfect but
you know you pull on these things if
they don't pop out I've got it bent
around the backside there too so that's
kind of the key is that you just get it
bent around in there so there's no
possible way that thing can come back
out there it is all smashed in and so we
got to connect our other one up here I'm
going to pull that across this is
actually the hardest part of the entire
job for sure is I get these things
relocated to their homes so let's see if
we can do this real quick
there we go and we're back in that's it
sorry that took me a little longer than
I wanted it to but you can see our
little metal pokin up through there we
got a little metal on the bottom it
would be just fine
these will scoot will it reinstall this
and be done the installation of course
is the exact reverse
and our finished product
there we go glad you could join me
hopefully you can fix your Ford window
regulator for a little of nothing just
like I did and save a few hundred bucks
in the meantime don't