[Music]
hi everyone this is Andy welcome back to
Easy cooking so today I'm going to be
showing you how to make oven roasted
potatoes these go perfect with the
chicken that you saw in my last video so
I really recommend both recipes together
the preparation time and the cooking
time combine is going to be about 40
minutes I hope you enjoy this video
let's get started remember you'll find
the list of ingredients in the
description box of this video and you
will also find it in my blog where you
can print the whole recipe let's get
started preheat the oven to 400° F now
wash and disinfect the potatoes then cut
them in
[Music]
half and then season them with the
minced garlic and the cumin also adding
salt and black pepper to taste and you
will also season the potatoes with one
or 2 tablespoons of the me Chipotle
peppers and if you want you can also add
some of the Adobo sauce from the
Chipotles remember the spiciness of this
dish depends on you so feel free to add
more or less Chipotle peppers to your
taste now we're going to toast the
potatoes with all the ingredients so
they will get really well
seasoned then transfer them to a baking
sheet spread them on an even
layer sprinkle them with more salt and
pepper and now we're going to bake them
at 400° fah for about 30 to 40 minutes
or until they are tender
once they are done toast them with fresh
parsley and that's about it you're ready
to
serve these potatoes go great with the
oven roasted chipotle chicken that you
saw on my last video so please check it
out and that's about it
enjoy to print this and some other
delicious recipes please don't forget to
visit my blog the link is going to be
down below and remember you also find me
on Facebook on Twitter on Instagram on
and everywhere so all the links are
going to be down below if you want you
can check them out and of course don't
forget to subscribe to this channel to
be notified of future updates thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you
next time bye-bye
[Music]