yo hello guys today I'm gonna show you
how you wash it short Cody
[Music]
all right the first real step is to pull
the sleeves and the entire hoodie inside
out a lot of explanation needed for this
right like we all know how to do it is
ain't that hard breath but yeah once
you're done with pulling sleeves I
recommend you to zip it all up a why it
looks cool and it just prevents print
from cracking and now I look at the
washing texts which are confusing as
 so if you just follow my steps and
don't do anything stupid
yeah it will be arise so the second step
is just to put the shark hoodie in the
washing machine what you can do is its
clothes which have identical colors like
like sweatpants or t-shirts there for
instance I added a pair of black
sweatpants and yeah so this third step
is to add a wash pot which you can get
from your your supermarket or something
mine is from drafts like yeah it's cool
and please turn your washing machine to
cold not to 50 degrees cold that's a
very important one and after that did
you select program you want to use which
is just a regular program and I chose
further the quick it shirt wash which
will be done in a couple of minutes and
simply turn washing machine on and voila
if shark hoodie being and this is how it
looks when I got it out of the wash just
very nice no cracking no fading and
everything went well and it will go well
as well with you guys if you follow the
steps correctly so yeah I hope I helped
you guys out with this and yeah thanks
for watching yeah peace
[Music]