hi my name is Christina govinda and
today we're going to talk about the
right way to stitch a button onto jeans
there are two different ways that you
can stitch a button onto jeans you can
either stitch the button flat down on to
the Jean or you can use a button
attachment using a shank creating a
shank when stitching on your button
might not be necessary depending on the
size of button you're using and the
thickness of your Jean fabric for this
we're going to need a button a threaded
needle and a pair of scissors if you're
going to be creating a shank using a
darning needle or match will help you do
that to start we're going to take our
threaded needle and tie a knot at the
end of it next we're going to find
exactly where we want our button to be
make sure we clean any extra threads out
you can clip them off now we're going to
take our button and lay it right down
where we want it I'm going to take the
needle and going through the back of the
Jean material just stitching on the
button going through one hole and then
back through the other side through the
other hole we're going to take our
darning needle and pass it between the
two holes this will lift our button up
off the fabric and giving us enough room
to create the shank now continue
stitching your button on and do at least
three passes to secure it I'm going to
do about five now that you have your
button stitched on we're going to pull
out our darning needle taking our needle
we're going to pass through the back of
the fabric but not through the button
careful not to pull it very tight now
we're going to tightly wrap our thread
around the button at least three times
if not four or five now I'm going to
take my needle and pass it back through
to the other side now working on the
back side of the fabric I'm going to
pass my needle through the fabric and
create a knot I'm going to do this by
instead of pulling your needle all the
way through grabbing the loop wrapping
your needle through it and pulling tight
and do this one more time finding your
loop passing your needle through and
pulling it tight now we've created a
knot and I'm going to take my needle
pass it through the fabric now I'm going
to clip my thread finding the extra
thread from the first knot I'm going to
clip it above the knot now your buttons
on and you didn't even have to go to the
tailors this is very easy and something
that anyone can do thanks for watching
you