all right I'm starting here with just
some ordinary acetone nail polish
remover the hundred percent acetone with
none of the other fillers that you find
in the all products I'm just going to
kind of wait underside of this panel
here leather underneath it's gonna take
quite a bit of elbow grease and quite a
bit of acetone to do this so stay tuned
I'm pretty satisfied with my trial of
using the acetone on the underside of
the panel so I'm gonna go ahead and try
and remove this coating on the front of
the saddle
I guess the side of the saddle and what
I'm trying to show here is you can see
where this coating is worn away and
we're down to the raw leather here and
what I'm trying to do take off is this
really shiny painted pretty ugly
coloration that's on the skirts and the
flaps we've got natural leather here
that should die no problem same here on
the sides and trim in the seat really we
want to loosen this out so I'm gonna use
acetone I've got a spray bottle and some
paper towels sannyasis I'm gonna just
shove some towels up in here and spray
some acetone that acetone I made
evaporates really quickly it's pretty
volatile stuff so doing this in the
bright sunshine is probably not the best
but you can really see the different
color there and then what I'll do is
just wipe it with this rag to try to
pull paint
probably also spray it and let it sit
with the rag to really soak in and
loosen up that before it wipes off all
right here you can see the skirt is
still not been treated but the flap has
with many coats of acetone and they
basically just kind of kept going with
these cotton balls until they started to
really come clean and then all I did was
just wipe it with some water I didn't
want to put any oils back into it
because that might make the daya's issed
so I'm just gonna leave it as is until
I'm ready to dye it and I'll get working
on this panel and then we'll deglaze the
seat and all the other natural leather
as well so everything is ready to just
soak up the dye you can see a little bit
of the process I've got about a half
soaked I don't want to do too much that
it drips you can see it's really cleaned
up I'm gonna be really thorough over
this to tink but Pedro wants to stick
cracks not to get it on the actual seat
because that hasn't quite been in the
same way Connie is all three sides of
that it'll kind of stop pulling that off
kind of see here the spots that I've
missed
and then as it dries it dries pretty
rapidly you can see kind of that white
haziness that'll go away with the final
wipe with water
skirt
the texture catches when you get into a
really like painted portion flips around
a lot more
so so far and just one panel and the
skirt here I've used you know about this
many of these cotton balls so that's a
slow process for sure but I think it'll
be worth it in the end all right I'm
pretty nervous I've got the saddle
prepped fairly well I just did another
run of acetone over the whole thing try
to pull off any extra finish since
they're wiped it down with a wet damp
rag and kind of see it's still drying
here a little bit but she is about to
turn dark brown let's hope it works
all right I'm applying that die here
something back and forth kind of all
angles and then periodically kind of
bending there to get it to really go
into all those cracks it's working
pretty well this little daughter tool
that's provided with the diet is a
really good job of really saturating
that were there
are you done the bottom portion of it
and it is nice dark brown this point I'm
just trying to kind of get it all even
get it to soak up as much dye as
possible and then I'll wipe what I can
off of there and then we'll do you this
new flap the more untreated leather of
the saddle okay I have done the flap it
got me two full coats of dye on here and
you can tell the place where it was
painted the surface of the flap here was
a bit more thirsty and soaked up quite a
bit of the dye whereas the numeral here
still has some of that shiny finish and
kind of tell it's a little bit
I'm not almost redder which I'm okay
with I think overall it's gonna be a
really nice look when we're all
completed you can see it kind of the
redness is gone and it's that beautiful
chocolate color okay here we are ready
to do the skirt and I'm just kind of
gonna get it nice and saturated try not
to drink too badly apologies for this
film quality I am choosing to give it
dyeing with my right hand right dominant
hand so of course my left hand is doing
the filming
apologize if this it's not great
cinematography or narration for that
matter a little bit hard to focus on
what I'm saying but I'm really
concentrating on what my hands are doing
and tell us we'll see it's gonna be a
bit redder in color than a skirt okay
how easily it takes up the dye really
just kind of soaks it in and I'm using
gloves and I've got the ceiling fan on
just because it's a pretty volatile
organic compounds here I'm not sure
exactly what's in this dye but probably
not something I want to be breathing and
just remember a thick and stained
leather can stay in your skin
you