[Music]
happy Thursday and welcome to another
episode of cooking with Tobia today I'm
going to show you guys how to make
salmon croquettes in the airfryer it's
super easy to make and absolutely
delicious you'll be able to find all the
ingredients in stration in the
description box under the video and
please subscribe to my channel with
notifications for my uploads on Mondays
and Thursdays midnight Eastern Standard
Time so gonna be moving pretty quick
here today I have a mummies and claws
here laid out for my salmon croquettes
that I'm doing in the airfryer I did a
recipe before but I wasn't happy with it
so I'm redoing this so I have my salmon
here that I've already removed a bone
and I saved the juice and I reserved it
on the side and I'm gonna add why doing
in that I just sort of diced and then I
have here an egg
my herbs of spices
and then we're gonna give everything
that mixed together and once I get
everything well combined here I'm gonna
add a few more things and then we're
gonna put this in the air fryer so I got
the egg and the herbs and spices and
onion we'll combine here and I'm gonna
add some flour and some bread crumbs and
then I have here some Parmesan cheese
that's great it doing a little bit of
nuttiness to it to give everything a mix
together and then there's reserve
sandwiches from the can I just have two
here on the side in case my sounding
mixture is too dry you don't want to use
a reserve juicy Jesus buttermilk I'm
gonna cook at it
Pat no now see how it feels I have here
on the side of plate
and let's see
you're not gonna really really in so
balls per se but I just want to say
see it's holding together now so I'm
gonna do about nine patties
six to nine just depending on how thick
you like your salmon patties so I got my
pan air fire preheated at 400 degrees
Fahrenheit and I'm gonna go ahead and
pull the basket out basket out
I'm just gonna spray the bottoms a
little bit of cooking spray
so this is them go inside my Fri basket
put this in the air fire for 400 degrees
and then but to change the time
then it'd be a 400 degrees and I'm
limited for 10 minutes and we'll be back
okay so it's been 10 minutes and then
they pull them out after five minutes to
spray them slightly with cooking oil so
we're gonna get them a look I'm gonna
let's flip them to see how they're
looking and they look good so far just
about a feel of it I think I'm gonna let
it go for about another four to six
minutes and once they're all flipped
there's been another five minutes and
I'm gonna go ahead and pull them out and
they look nice and going to brown to me
so I'm gonna go ahead and plate this up
I'm gonna give this a try so I'll be
right back salmon croquettes are nice
and golden they're beautiful
they smell really good and so we're
gonna give this a try go ahead and cut
open the inside you guys a better view
cut open the inside
you need to see the nice and moist on
the inside they're not dry and the
outsides definitely has a crunch I mean
that you guys give the crunch yes so
they it does come out crispy I had a few
questions about the airfryer if it makes
your food come out crisp as if it was
deep-fried it does my particular one
does so you can give it a try some hot
sauce in there please comment give me a
thumbs up subscribe Wow absolutely
delicious
full of flavor let me taste the
nuttiness from the cheese it's perfectly
balanced flavor
young everything is really delicious
hope you guys enjoy today's recipe
please add this video to your playlist
please subscribe to cooking would tell
you for new recipes and if you have any
questions or comments or recipe requests
please leave that in the comment section
also don't forget to check out my
community channel tab so that way you'll
be aware of announcements and recipe
voting that I have going on so just stop
on my channel and look at the community
tab thank you so much for watching and
let's keep everyone in prayers who were
affected by Hurricane Florence I'm doing
okay had a little bit of water damage
and lost few things but other than that
everything is good
please remember to let me be well let's
do we can to come together and love one
another
[Music]