hey guys Chris caribbeanpot.com thanks
for joining me in the kitchen today a
quick recipe I'm going to try to be as
quick as I can with this recipe because
I didn't really plan on posting this
again I already have a video before but
a lot of you have been requesting some
more info on this recipe we were out
last night I mean to say we came home
about 3:00 this morning so I'm a bit
scruffy I don't have time to shave or
anything I do apologize the the recipe
today is for peas and rice or rice and
peas Jamaican style last night the
people two tables over were enjoying the
rice and peas with their oxtail and you
know I had a craving for it so today I
thought I'd make some rice and peas with
my curry goat and while at it I recall
people asking for a video tutorial on
making rice and peas so here we go guys
we're going to make some rice and peas
or peas and rice whatever you want to
call it lot of love lot of goodness in
this recipe as usual remember above
you're going to see the Subscribe link
click on subscribe you're going to get
all the latest videos sent directly to
you below going to see where you can
leave me your comments and as well as
give me a thumbs up I appreciate it guys
and here is what I'm going to walk you
through today peas and rice I've got
that nice habanero pepper sitting in
there just for some flavor but peas and
rice guys here we go let's quickly run
through the ingredients and I do
apologize for the lighting it's uh it's
fairly dark outside so I'm not getting
any natural light in the kitchen today
but these are the ingredients here guys
for making the peas and rice or rice and
peas whichever you want to call it and
in the bowl here I've got two cups of
long green brown rice I've never used
white rice for this so I can't comment
on using white rice I know it Cooks a
lot faster than brown rice so please try
and stick to the long grain brown rice
I've got here one mediumsized
onion three cloves of garlic we've got
some fresh thyme maybe about three
sprays of fresh
thyme just below and I think I crushed
it I've got some scallions a couple
scallions green onions spring onions I'm
not sure how you call it we're going to
need some black pepper so I'm going to
maybe use about a/4 of a teaspoon of
fresh ground black pepper some coconut
milk this here is maybe about half a cup
of coconut milk and I'm going to be
cheating today I'm going to be using
canned red kidney beans traditionally
when this is done on the islands
especially Jamaica they usually cook the
the dried beans they soak it overnight
and then they cook it for a couple hours
and then they add the rice to it today
we're going to cheat to make things a
little bit faster I've got here one can
and that's 540 ml or 19 flu ounces of
red kidney
beans we're also going to need some salt
and now what we're going to do we're
going to start off with about 3/4 tblsp
of salt and as it Cooks you can add
accordingly to your taste the other
thing we're going to need here guys is
some water and once I get this going I
will tell you exactly how much water we
will need for this riceing and peas I'm
just going to pull your attention away
to the right a little bit and this is
what I'm going to I'm going to give you
guys a peek what I'm going to be eating
my rice and peas with and here I have
some curry goat simmering away I'm just
going to allow that to cook down so it's
be nice and tasty and tender I want this
falling off the bones so here we go guys
we're going to next step we're going to
put everything together and start
cooking the rice and peas in a fairly
deep saucepan of pot here I have heating
on a medium heat I'm going to add a
tablespoon and a
half of vegetable oil to the
pot and what I want to do now we're
going to be adding the
garlic the onion as well as the uh
scallions or spring onions into the pot
just going to give it a quick stir and
the whole idea here guys is not to brown
anything but to allow it to sweat what
you want to do is turn down the heat to
a low heat or so and let this simmer
away let it cook for about 3 to 5
minutes until the onion and garlic and
everything is nice and soft at this
point I'll also add the th to the pot
Springs and everything it was washed if
you want to remove the the leaves off
the time and put it directly in there
you can do so but all I'm going to do is
I'm going to remove the actual stocks
when it's all done cooking and this why
I get the flavor from the stocks of the
thme I'm also going to add the fresh
ground black
[Music]
pepper again give it a quick
stir the whole idea is to release the
natural oils and flavors from the garlic
the onion the thme the black pepper and
something I forgot to mention earlier
but it was in the on the on the board
here when I was showing you the
ingredient list I've got some ground oil
spice and I'm just just
for a little kick I'm just going to add
just a little sprinkling in there
nothing much just to give it an extra
layer of flavor all spice is one of
those things just about every dish in
Jamaica seems to have and by all means
if you like all spice add it in there if
you want to try it add a little bit it
will give the the peas and rice a unique
flavor so we're just going to allow this
now to sweat down cook for about 3 4
minutes and then we're going to get to
the next step I believe I've shown you
this before in previous videos but I'm
just going to repeat the steps so you
guys who have never seen the videos
before to follow along in in the sink
here I have a fairly deep Bowl what I'm
going to do is I'm going to toss in the
rice in there I already gave it a quick
look to see that there's nothing foreign
in there sometimes you may find some
some black pieces of rice and stuff like
that I've already removed it and what we
want to do guys is to cover it with
water and what we're doing now we're
going to be washing the rice if we add
this rice directly to the
pot there will be a lot of grit and and
sort of white starchy stuff it's going
to change the texture and taste of the
dish so using hands all you want to do
is grab the rice and give it a gentle
rub like this and keep going and you'll
notice look if you notice right now
you'll notice the color of the water has
changed all of that impurity would would
have gone into the dish so all we're
going to
do drain that out and we're going to
repeat
[Applause]
it we're just going to keep repeating
this like the same action again
wash and
drain and you probably got to do this
about four times until the water is
pretty much runs clear this is
indication that the rice has been washed
cleanly the onion garlic thyme black
pepper everything has been cooking
gently for about four or five minutes
I've gone ahead and I've washed the rice
and all I'm going to do now is add the
rice
to the
pot and give that a quick stir as well
cuz we want to pick up all those flavors
from the bottom of the
pan I do apologize for shaking the
camera there I'm working in very tight
spaces here then we're going to add and
I've opened up the can of uh red beans
I've drained it all out because I don't
like that that thick sort of
water it's packed
in I'm going to give that a
stir I'm going to drop in that pepper in
there I'm going to add the coconut milk
then we'll add the
salt give that another
stir and now we're going to top it up
with water and we're going to start off
with two cups of water
give that a stir and from experience I
can tell it's going to need a little bit
more water so in total we're going to
use 2 and 1/2 cups of water as well as
that/ cup of coconut
milk I'm going to give that a wicked
stir then I'm going to bring that up to
a boil I'm just going to put the lid on
there
and bring that up to a boil after it
comes to a boil we want to turn it all
the way down to a gentle simmer and
you'll notice that um this recipe we
you're probably thinking if you're
accustomed to cooking rice I'm using a
little less liquid than normal because I
like I like it to be
grainy so what we're going to do we're
going to cook this gently now for at
least half maybe about half an hour but
as we go I'm going to um show you
exactly and tell you how much time has
been gone
the rice now has come up to a boil and
now I have it here on a big burner so
what I want to do I'm going to transfer
the pot over to a smaller
burner where I can control the heat a
bit
more so I have it there on the small
burner I'm going to turn it uh to like a
medium low on a low burn on a small
burner and allow that to gently cook the
whole idea is to cook the rice so it
becomes grainy and not burn off all the
water so you don't have to add any more
liquid to it guys the other thing is I
added earlier I added the habanero
pepper um hole into the uh into the rice
here that's because I don't want to get
the heat from the pepper but I want to
get the flavor from it a lot of people
would be using a scotch bonnet Pepper or
something like that that is also great
but the whole idea here is to get the
flavor from the pepper and not the heat
if you want the heat by all means burst
that pepper open and and you'll get the
heat trust me on that so I'm just going
to allow that to gently cook now for
about 20 to 25
minutes with the lid on and I'm going to
stir it every 5 minutes or so if you
notice that the liquid is drying up well
I mean to say there's nothing you can do
but to add a little more more liquid to
cook the rice so I'm just going to allow
that to cook and we're going to jump
back when it's almost done to show you
guys exactly where we at and here we go
guys it's been about 25 minutes now all
of my liquid has all dried down the rice
is nice and plump the uh the flavors
from from the garlic and the onions and
the thyme everything is infused into
this rice the coconut milk did wonders
to adding that extra layer of flavor to
this peas and rice guys it's so simple
to make if you have any questions leave
it for me in the comment section below
remember above you're going to see the
Subscribe button click on that it allows
you to get all the latest videos as they
get published additionally what I'm
going to do is I have a written recipe
for this rice and peas for those of you
who much prefer to have it printed out
in the comments or no in the description
field below I'm going to have a link for
that click on that link it's going to
take you to caribbeanpot.com where
you'll find this recipe peas and rice
one of the most tasty rice dishes coming
out of the Caribbean I'm me to say my
triny people would say pillow is
probably the best rice dish but hey
that's up for the debate and that's not
we're here for we're not here to debate
or anything like that enjoy the recipe
guys Chris caribbeanpot.com thanks for
enjoying the for joining me in the
kitchen today have a great day