[Music]
hello again great to see you and um
thanks to all of you that have responded
to our first video uh on pruning
Wisteria to encourage flowers the first
video was about how to prune in the
summer to reduce all that big growth
that was there last last summer we
reduced it down around about August time
July August down to about half its
length to produce this kind of woodyer
Shute now in the middle of winter so
round about January time or early
February depending on the winter how
cold it is um we're now going to trim
that bit that we trimmed back last year
we're going to cut it back even further
right back down here I'll show you close
up in a second but no extra charge mind
you so that we can see how we can
encourage those short little flowering
shoots which is what we want to get the
flowers in made come and have a closer
look right so here we are we've got this
shoot uh that was cut back last year and
you can see these little buds here okay
these little buds here potentially a
flower buds and they reckon that you
want to cut them back to two or three
buds so I'm going to take this one back
to just here cuz I like the look of that
bud there you go look so we got one bud
here another one there you can see these
little Shute little shoots here that
have just got a couple of buds on that's
the sort of shoot that we want to
encourage to get the flowers in a month
or two's time
[Music]
[Music]