water it covers more than 70% of the
Earth's surface yet only 1% of it is
potable water is the most important
resource on our planet the essence of
life water is the basis for everything
without water there is no food no
hygiene no life but water is very
unevenly distributed across the world
and the lack of water always affects
those with greatest need more than 900
million people do not have access to
clean drinking water most of these
people live in Africa and many of them
especially children died of waterborne
diseases such as cholera and dysentery
many regions in Africa lack a secure
water infrastructure such as Wells or
systems with the support of Sica global
nature fund has conducted drinking water
projects in Africa since 2008
as a globally acting corporation Sika
assumes social responsibility at its
business locations through the support
of local communities in the Ivory Coast
working with local partner organizations
villages with an urgent need for the
repair of wells were selected in these
villages the population historically had
to use dirty water from ponds or nearby
streams the local communities
participated actively in the project and
the repair of the wells today all water
distribution is managed by the villagers
themselves in order to achieve this
water committees including both men and
women have been established the members
of the water committees have different
responsibilities depending on their
strength
some of them are responsible for the
maintenance of the wounds and are
trained in the repair of the water pumps
others are responsible for the financial
management whilst others focus on
hygiene or education every water user
pays a small annual fee for these
services thereby contributing to the
maintenance of the water supply systems
did I form
general manager of Sica Ivory Coast on
visiting project sites gained an
impression of the situation in the
villages and learned firsthand how
important the wells are in improving the
quality of life for the local
communities the villagers thanked did I
for for his and the company's support up
to now people from 44 communities have
gained access to clean and healthy
drinking water in addition to the
completed projects five facilities are
currently under construction in the
Ivory Coast increasing yet further the
number of people who now enjoy access to
fresh drinking water and through that
providing help for a better and
healthier future and especially the
children
you