hey guys how you doing today it's me
Kelly today we're going to do a real
quick comparison to colorcraft brusso
colors with a Rit Dye that I got from
Michelle I got um in the brushos I have
cobalt blue lime green uh brilliant red
purple gray and lemon and here first I'm
going to try the yellow and that's the
brusso yellow
and I'm just I just have regular mix
media paper underneath uh that I'm going
to work on so it's not a big deal and
all I did was took a um oh a pokey thing
I can't I don't know the real name all
all I think a WL and I popped uh into
the tops of all of them into the Caps
like three holes um very it was very
easy so now I'm just going to like
pretend like it's salt or pepper cuz
salt and pu is here salt salt salt salt
salt and you can see in the yellow
there's a little bit of green so uh it
has like a really really cool
um base now I'm pour I'm sprinkling this
on water just so you're
aware um I just sprayed some water down
and I'm sprinkling it on and you can see
the Rit Dye on the right hand side and
the brush o on the other and they're
very comparable in colors um now the
brush is a little uh a little more um
transparent and I don't know if that's
because I didn't put as much down or
what have you but they're both gorgeous
and delicious and i r want to roll in
both of
them you can see and I'm just drawing
them so you can see the color the real
color there's no no gesso or anything uh
like that on these it's just straight up
paper um you're going to see I justo two
little squares on the bottom and I will
use it on there to show you as well and
um both of these are fantastic I'm very
very excited and happy for both of them
um many of us have RIT Dy sitting around
or now you can get it at your uh you
know your creative stores and I really
think if you you know if you have
friends that craft and all that kind of
stuff you know yall can just and you all
have Rit Dye you just pourse some in the
little uh paint containers there and uh
pass them on to each other and share and
then you guys get a bigger uh stash of
colors now I'm going to be trying um one
more thing for uh you guys to use on
this and um I I'll just do another quick
video of it you're seeing now I'm
gessoing I am using the folk art gesso
and I'm just prepping that little
surface down the little square and you
can barely see it yet because it's down
below um but I did that on there and
it's going to dry now
so now I'm just going to um try to do
comparable colors the best that I can so
you guys can see um I'm using um see I'm
showing you I'm doing doing how I did
the holes there now I'm spraying more
water it's just plain water nothing in
them and now I'm using the uh
blue in is it called Blue let me
say cobalt blue is the brush o and then
um cyan blue is the other and you can
see they're very comparable In Colors
the these match pretty pretty pretty
good um you know I'm sprinkling a little
bit more on
there I love the way this is separating
all over uh for both of them these are
just I really like them and earlier I
used my when I just did the yellows I
used my paintbrush and I wet wet it and
I tried to move some of that yellow to
reactivate it and a little bit of it
worked but not a lot um so I'm spraying
some more water so you guys can see and
you see how it's like blowing out and
going real and these pretty things oh so
exciting and they both do it so um you
know you're not if you can't uh afford
the brushos and that kind of thing um
this works fantastic
fantastic so and you can see I rolled it
I let it roll down into the yellow so
you can see how it mixes for green too
obviously it's like a watercolor it's
going to mix you know in the
colors you just want to do primary
colors you don't want to do too many uh
other colors that will make brown or
black you know mud now this is the
magenta and I'm using that in the RIT
Dy and I'm using the red which obviously
is off to the side a little but I'm a
little wonky what can you say um that is
just a brilliant red in the
brush and you can see it's pretty
comparable uh the magenta and the red
the magenta is a little you know a
little bit Pinker I guess Pinker purple
than the red but um
oh I just love them all I love them all
so you know I'm just and I like to spray
the water on after to see it run to see
how it spreads
out now I'm going on to the gesso Parts
they're dry and I'm going to use
purple on the uh one part which is the
purple brusso and then I'm going to use
some magenta on the other one now you
can see it's on there um and I'm just
making it run a little bit into
everything I don't know that's the mixed
media girl in me but I'm going to dry
because I want to show you something
very interesting um when you dry this
you can see the difference of the colors
in the gesso so I probably would not
color I would not gesso anything before
I played with these or used these um
because I don't like the way it mutes
the color now that's a whole other look
if you want to do the um you know have
it to be a little bit more muted and
that kind of thing um because you do
definitely get another color to
it but uh I just kind of like it plain
on the paper but that's up to you you
can gesso and and do whatever you want I
have some mixed media ideas with these
so I will be playing around and doing
that as
well you know
so now I'm put some water down and now
I'm working with all kinds of colors I'm
working with black and and the uh
yellows and the magenta and the red and
I'm just kind of putting them all there
in the
middle and I I just love this I love the
way these these dry and how they spread
and just how beautiful they
are so I just laid a bunch of colors
there and that is the um what color was
that red red red red
and I'm just going to squirt it now and
activate it as you can see oh just
delicious and you know I got to make it
run everywhere because that's just how I
like to
roll so much
fun all right now I'm trying to suck up
some of that uh black and some of the
red to see if it comes up on my
paintbrush and it does not so I wanted
to try that out a little bit to see now
now I'm going to take a little bit of
blue and I'm just going to use my paint
brush my wet paint brush and brush with
it you know paint with it to see how
that comes out and then I'm going to
sprinkle some down on my mat wet
it and paint with that just to see you
know for watercolor
sake about painting with it besides
getting these great shapes and obviously
you can and that's it so thank you for
watching so much give me a thumbs up if
you enjoy my videos I love you guys as
always please be kind to each other you
never know what battle some body else is
fighting I will see you guys later