[Music]
so I have a reclining chair that is
uncomfortable to sitting I'm sitting in
one day and the right side sinks down so
something's off here so I flip it over
and I find that the springs that are the
base of the seat itself I'm one of them
has come undone so here it is saying it
has a natural bend to it you know repair
of one of these before and I can show
you what I have to do is take this end
which is broken listen this broken
pieces the trash now that are part of it
put that attach that down here where
it's missing
and then take the other end you can
angle it
another thing to know is which way the
clip broke determined which way the see
the rest will be up or down which way
this is supposed to bend when you put in
maybe actually existing clips feel feel
underneath them this side okay tolls I
need for this or but head screwdriver
couple pairs of pliers thanks you have
two different signs if ties larger one
hold a spring in place and then the
smaller wants to attach to the center
bar because the clip is missing and then
a staple stapler to put the fabric I
went in I hold then flipping the chair
over pulled lever just release this you
know what I'm going to do here is take
these staples out note that there's
actually two sets of staples this
fold-over I got to get this and they're
said here's part of pushing fabric to
take those I can't get the corner
screwdriver underneath there and get it
started this we can probably pretty easy
but then once you get started you can
eat all those
[Music]
okay so once I got that boarding suppose
there okay so when you zip by this don't
tighten it up right away so I hope you
didn't do that because you're gonna need
some leverage here in some room to get
this pulled in so you can see they have
a couple bars there that's when we use
the others appetizers these metal clips
if this central bar kind of joins all
the springs together I'm going to
replace those zip ties first I'm gonna
get this bar place here and make sure
like I do this to me it's okay so I got
the bar and the clip in there
no listen to max I left slack with the
sense of health saying pull this down
here you can I use what leverage I can
and pull these zip tie ties okay that
wasn't too bad cuz I left them loose
just pulled it down and then pull these
tight make sure you pull those pliers I
just use the single one for each one of
these bars you could double up and I
might have to double that up after and
don't forget to staple your fabric make
sure you press really hard to get that
into that plywood
they'll support my but for any more
years okay there she is
seek more support you have it that's how
to fix a recliner cushion support
[Music]