all right we have a general electric
model number G it says little umbrella
age-old problem with discoloured hand
grips a little better doesn't matter how
much you clean them they're UV
destabilized so they basically turn into
this hideous nasty mess so here's the
trick on these things see how it just
came right now without making a noise
and this is scary because it's plastic
and you use the plastic breaking and
that's it so I just did a cleaning on
these things and I stuck them back in
this rack to dry for a while now you can
see the nice yellow color which is
fairly even those few spots here in
there then you flip it over and it's
white so I mean there's definitely it's
definitely UV it's not because we smoke
in the house or anything like that
because we don't smoke in the house
actually we don't even smoke we don't
smoke great okay do nuts not secrets
just I'm just gonna roll this table has
reached its end of life so I'll get
these things painted up we were looking
for the Krylon originally because the
Krylon had specifically rated for
plastic
whereas this pretty much just works on
metal wood and more Steve and more
it fills in some of the little pits and
leaves others exposed because there is a
textured look to it that's what the
plastic has normally and it's kind of
glossed out some of the other spots here
because it's filled in those textured
areas I didn't go super thick with the
paint either
I went fairly thin with it on this first
coat it's not giving me more than
fuzzies for the next couple of sprays
interesting paint actually didn't work
too bad on the downside when somebody
he's out there mowing and you tell her
to stay away from that area entirely and
she doesn't know what the dance is does
these things fall on the ground and they
gather up dirt while the paint's still
wet and it tends to close them up very
nicely
okay the unnamed one has used lacquer
thinner cleared that area out that was
scratched and then thinned it from like
here to here
so I'll start doing a couple more coats
in there maybe she's redeemed herself we
will see how's it going toe burs how you
doing all right so what's your when I
sprayed the new area in looks like it's
blended fairly well I think I'll be okay
as long as I can keep someone way over
there right dude
looks like he's up to no good too