foreign
American feel the pop-up exhibition and
Marketplace in Boston I'm here with
Garrett who is one of the founders of
upmountain switchel which is a really
super cold drink so tell us more about
what is switchel and what goes into it
and how do you make it uh Switzerland is
an American Heritage beverage it is a
drink originally made by farmers during
any time to drink to cut Wildflower
debris and dirt from their throats and
soothe their throats rehydrate et cetera
et cetera so fast forward 200 years the
ingredients Ginger apple cider vinegar
Vermont maple syrup and water I looked
upon as almost a cleanse or a health
beverage so that's what we have here all
right a rendition of that and so where
are you guys based and how did you get
started uh we got started at a farmer's
market in Vermont on June of 2012.
and now we have our own custom kitchen
and production process in Bushwick
Brooklyn so where are you selling this
and how can people get their hands on
your special uh we're largely in the
tri-state region right now and Vermont
um
we're selling it at a lot of specialty
groceries
bodegas in New York which is really cool
Whole Foods
so 27 Whole Foods in the Northeast
region and if you are not in the
Northeast you want to get your hands on
it you could go to our website
drinkswitchell.com and Order a case
we'll send it to you free shipping
awesome that's awesome
so what would you say is like the best
pairing like when when would you drink
some switchel ah well
there's a there's a couple different
schools of thought I mean you could wake
up and drink Switzerland as a natural
energy booster or throughout the day
just as a cleansing a pro digestive
drink
or you can uh open it and mix it with a
little moonshine as they used to do back
in the day bourbon vodka gin
we've done a lot of research and
development in this sector and there's a
lot of good cocktails you can make with
it too so it sounds pretty refreshing
and like a great way to end a good day
yes absolutely
um