hey everyone I hope you're having a
happy holiday unfortunately for me and
my family it's been pretty rough for the
past few weeks and my husband and I
ended up having to extend our stay here
in Texas so I'm gonna be away from my
studio for a while which means the next
few projects are probably going to be
more on the simple side because I don't
have my whole studio and all my tools
and stuff with me here so yeah I'm just
gonna be doing more simple projects
until I get back home anyway since the
New Year's is right around the corner I
thought that I would make some simple
party hats they're pretty easy to make
so you can make a bunch for a party or
whatever and they're really easy to
decorate to make them more festive and
customizable so really you can make them
for whatever occasion you what so let's
get started you'll need fancy cardstock
weight papers scrap paper a ruler a
pencil scissors an exacto knife
glue string elastic and decorative
elements first you need to make a hat
template to do so on the top of the
scrap paper mark in about four inches
like I mentioned I'm not in my studio so
I didn't have a ruler handy I ended up
just estimating about four inches and
marked it on another scrap piece of
paper and used that as a ruler instead
anyway
pivot your ruler at the mark you just
made and mark every inch or so around
the paper like this and then connect
your marks divide the half circle you
just drew into thirds and the first two
thirds is your pattern add a little
sliver onto the edge to provide a spot
for you to glue cut the pattern piece
out and use it to mark the pieces on the
nice papers and then cut them out
these thicker cardstock papers were a
lot more difficult to work with because
they didn't want to curl around at the
top nicely so I would suggest going with
cardstock that's on the thinner side if
you don't want to deal with that
this silver hollow glitter paper was the
thickest that I worked with and it was
quite a bit of a pain I ended up being
able to get it to work but it was almost
not really worth it anyway I've glued to
the edge and stick the edges together
now I tried using this wimpy glue for
these things but because I was a little
impatient and some of these papers were
big pains in the but this particular
glue didn't work that well it worked
fine for thinner cardstock like this
yellow paper that I used but for these
thick ones I had to bust out my hot glue
gun
I ended up making nine hats out of three
different papers use an exacto knife to
cut small holes about 1/4 of an inch
away from the bottom edge on opposite
sides of the Hat throat some elastic
string through the outside into the Hat
and not the string to keep it in place
you may notice that I'm actually using
stretchy beading string
I wouldn't recommend this it didn't
really stretch as much as I would have
liked for this I just couldn't find
stretchy string elastic in time anyway
not the string to keep it in place and
if you want to add some extra security
you can add a dab of hot glue place it
on your head bring the string around and
back up to see how much string you'll
need cut the string start it through the
hat like before and knot it again again
add a dab of hot glue if you want to
secure it further and that's basically
it
for more fun you can decorate the hats
however you'd like here are a few
examples of what I did this one's
actually done before you even roll the
Hat up and glue it together cut a little
bit off the top of the hat like this
take some lengths of ribbon and glue
them on the inside so that they're
poking through the top then just roll it
up like usual and the ribbons should
look like they're spilling out of the
top of the Hat like this try doing this
with longer or shorter ribbon and see
how it turns out
for the others I just added stuff to the
already made hats on this one I simply
just added some thin gold garland like
trim around the edge
on this one I did the same but with
silver trim obviously and then I balled
up the trim and glued it to the top
[Music]
and lastly for this one I took some
extra gold wrapping paper that I had cut
strips about an inch or so cut them like
this to create fringe
[Music]
and then I glued them onto the hat in
rows to give it this fringe a festive
look
[Music]
I love these because they're so easy to
make and like I mentioned before you
could decorate them however you like in
this video I showed you different ways
to customize these party hats but there
are seriously so many different ways
that you can customize
use the hashtag chest in DIY to show me
how you customize yours if you liked
this video please leave a like and if
you want to see more then feel free to
subscribe I post art videos every
Tuesday and my videos every Thursday
thank you to my patrons who help me make
this video your support is amazing if
you are interested in becoming a patron
then I'll leave a link to my patreon
right up here you can follow me on
Twitter Tumblr Instagram Pinterest or
snapchat and I'll leave the information
to those down below if you have any
questions or suggestions for future
videos please leave a comment down below
and I'll see you next week
[Music]