hello better how was Italy I'm golfing
dear me Anna and Josh today me over this
Asian woman is back and today she's
given us the good stuff she's making la
row what does that mean
it's Chinese dried smoked meat it's the
stuff that you see hanging up next to a
Chinese person's underpants in the
clothesline and hanging out the windows
and stuff hanging up in doctors surgery
etc get yourself a whole bunch of meat
pork preferably and just smash it with
salt in China it's a lot of country
people that do this so it'll often do
like a whole pig we're doing a very
scaled-down small version just put heaps
and heaps of salt in she actually puts
more salt in than we've filmed the
Soltis to help preserve it and also to
help dry it out it's a very salty meat
more and more and more more salt she
puts it down but you know she can't
resist this is soy sauce this is
optional she said the Australian air
doesn't make the meat black and off the
Chinese air does so this is just for
color yeah I guess it's got salt in it
as well alright give that a good massage
massage your meat tenderly lovingly
you're going to do that anyway right
okay this meat is generally made in
winter in fact you have to make it in
winter you can't make it any other time
and you can only really make it in a
cold environment we live on the Gold
Coast Australia and it is not the right
environment to make this we're lucky we
didn't die after eating it we didn't die
so that's that's good but you have to
live in a cold environment just as some
pork belly there's different cuts of
meat in there but well he's the best
mate besides ribs mmm or maybe they're
better than ribs alright so now that
you've massaged that well you can see
the salt enhance see that that's salt
some of it's sand
it's not sand cover that up and put it
in the fridge if you live in a cold
environment you can just leave on the
bench or whatever but it has to be kept
cold in Ernie's version she says she
leaves it for 12 hours
she actually leaves it for about 24
hours
okay just to let the salt sink in and
some water seep out put it in the fridge
put it in the fridge okay now let's see
good Adam you don't have to dress up as
Morticia Addams to do this next part but
it might help we're gonna hang the meat
out hang it out wherever you like it
needs to be in a cool area we're using
this clothesline have a little this
liquid let's come out of the meat thanks
to the salt so it helps dry things out
so here's some nooses she's prepared
earlier always has a few one hand just
in case and just hang it up people often
Pierce the meat and sort of put the rope
in that way that's fine whatever this is
natural cotton I think that helps to
draw away the the moisture Nana knew
okay so hang it up on your little
clothesline you'll often see Chinese
apartments where people have just like
dangled him out the window I went to a
doctor once and I really hated that
doctor cuz I think she hated me anyway
those always meet hanging up in the
waiting room and like this stuff because
it's got the fat it's it sometimes drips
fat and you know it was gross this other
time we went to that same doctor and
this Asian woman almost hit a syringe
that was just sitting on the table like
used and I'm like well that's dangerous
look out for that and the doctors like
what's so dangerous about it and I'm
like uh anyway mm-hmm
don't worry the baby will clean that up
this morbid scene contains nothing but
untranslatable gibberish so let's go to
the next part
okay this is a few days later as you can
see she's wearing a t-shirt it is not
the right weather to do this in
Australia don't do it in Australia maybe
Tasmania you want a cold dry place okay
alright so we're about to smoke it we're
cutting it into small pieces because our
smoker is small when you cut the meat
cut across the skin or us it's very
difficult how does it smell smells good
what's it look like looks like that okay
we want to cold smoke it so sometimes
you see videos or whatever about smoking
and they pretty much cook it you don't
want to cook this it remains roar until
the time that you actually eat it like
months from now the Chinese people will
make this and then eat it all year
they'll make it in winter and eat it all
year this is a smoker that I saw some
other people make on YouTube it's just
some terracotta pots into it I put a few
pieces of charcoal and some wet wood
that Wood is Hickory and then I put this
sort of heat barrier because I do not
want it to cook it never gets very hot
okay so just load that up with your meat
and also her damn chicken you want to
smoke this for hours and hours and hours
possibly days depending on how much
patience you have we ended up smoking it
for about five hours the weather went
really bad has started raining and stuff
okay so that's good to go this is one
hour later
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
somebody was very impressed so this is
one hour later and starting to get some
color keep checking on it like this if
you've got a crappy smoker like we do
yes he's got a dirty face someone order
I've washed his face keep checking on it
and you for about five or six hours all
right this is the next day because the
way they got too bad to film oh look at
that sort of golden brown all smoked up
and yeah well and that can be stored in
the fridge of the freezer we'll just
hang it up the Chinese will just hang it
up her parents used to always post us
big chunks of pig through the mail and
used to have to hang it up real quick
before it went bad because it's been in
like an an envelope I Pat a parcel for a
long time if you want to try eating it
then just boil it you might have to boil
it a couple of times to get the salt out
but usually this is an ingredient in
other Chinese foods like you can't eat
it by itself and it is delicious but
it's usually used in other dishes which
this Asian woman plans on showing you in
the future now this piece has been
boiled but how does it taste you better
taste it man it is good it's a little
bit like bacon I suppose how is it you
know you don't know what miss you know
yes I'm going to eat this pot right now
this is the popular Bondi right here
mm-hmm
yes it's very nice all right well I hope
I explained that okay I feel like I did
not thanks for watching everybody
Lyra hello Sun hi Faye challenge kind of
looks like a Snickers bar from the side
huh okay she should come again bye bye