hello my friends it's Danny and today
I'm gonna be showing you how to make
chicken salad three different ways the
first is going to be a classic chicken
salad the second is a Mayo free Italian
chicken salad and the third is a
personal favor in our household and
that's a buffalo style chicken salad all
three of these recipes are great for
lunches perfect to add to your meal prep
on the weekend and could not be any
easier to make if you're new to the
channel would you please take a moment
to subscribe and make sure you ring that
notification bell so you can be a part
of the clean and delicious inner circle
every time a new video goes up you will
be the first to be notified and the
benefit of that is usually when a new
video goes up I like to spend a couple
hours chatting in the comments so it's a
great opportunity for you to have your
questions answered as well now for all
three of these recipes you're gonna use
about one heaping cup of chicken ideally
I love to roast my own bone-in skin-on
chicken breasts for this recipe but you
could certainly also use some
store-bought rotisserie chicken as well
whichever one works for you do that
however if you do want to learn how to
roast your own chicken breasts I will
leave a link down in the description box
below so you can check that out and
remember each one of these recipes is
very easy to scale up so feel free to
double triple or quadruple the recipes
based on your own personal needs so
first up we have a classic chicken salad
and the classics are a classic Ferraris
and they're just so simple and so good
so into a nice big bowl I've got a
heaping cup of chopped up chicken
breasts and to that I am adding a
quarter cup of finely diced celery two
tablespoons of finely diced red onion
then I've got a nice big pinch of salt a
little bit of black pepper and then two
tablespoons of an avocado based mayo
give that all a stir get it really well
combined and then let's chat about Mayo
for a second now most Mayo is that you
buy at the grocery store are made of
highly processed seed oils and these are
the type of oils that can cause
inflammation in the body so I am a big
fan of brands like this one which is
primal kitchen when they upgrade the
quality of the oil that they use in the
mail so for instance the avocado oil is
the base of this Mayo which just creates
a healthier and product so if that is
something that you are interested I will
leave
you guys links down in the description
box below but also know you can also
skip the mail altogether and do some
Greek yogurt here or you can go 50/50
half yogurt and half man the classics
I'm telling you guys the classics are a
classic for a reason they really are
just so simple so delicious you could
serve this on a Sammy you could serve it
with some crackers put a scoop on top of
your favorite salad or just put it in a
little lettuce cup so many options next
up I have a Mayo free Italian chicken
salad now this recipe was inspired by
Giada De Laurentiis I found this one on
the web and I just slightly adapted it
to my own liking but I am Telling You
the flavors and the textures and this
chicken salad are TDF to die for so
again I've got a nice heaping cup of
chopped up chicken breasts in a big bowl
here into that I'm gonna be adding some
chopped up roasted peppers this is just
one roasted pepper that I got right from
the jar and chopped up a couple
tablespoons of capers which are really
bright and briny then two tablespoons
each of finely diced red onion finely
diced cucumbers and then some toasted
almond slices a little unexpected but
crazy good in this salad then I'm gonna
finish that with one clove of crushed
garlic a tablespoon of extra virgin
olive oil a tablespoon of red wine
vinegar and some salt and pepper stir
that together until you've got all of
those flavors and textures combined and
then again feel free to serve this
however you would like all of these
salads are truly so flexible but
personally I'm gonna tell you I love
this one in a lettuce cup and last but
certainly not least is the Buffalo style
chicken salad
this one is a favorite in our house if
you like buffalo wings or Buffalo
cauliflower you are going to absolutely
love this recipe so in a nice big bowl
we've got one heaping cup of chopped up
chicken and to that I am adding a
quarter cup each finely diced carrots
and finely diced celery then I have one
and a half tablespoons of blue cheese
dressing
now I'm using a store-bought salad
dressing here to keep it uber easy but
you can certainly use a homemade blue
cheese as well and I will be
sure to link to a recipe down in the
description box for you as well so check
that out if you want to keep it all from
scratch then we'll finish this with a
tablespoon of your favorite Buffalo hot
sauce a little salt a little pepper and
if you like spicy a couple dashes of
cayenne pepper gently stir that all
together and you will have a chicken
salad version of buffalo wings crunchy
spicy creamy and absolutely delicious
this one's gonna excite every single
taste bud in your mouth now remember my
friends all free of these recipes could
certainly be made ahead of time and they
would last in your fridge up to five
days in an airtight container so feel
free to add them to your meal prep and
if you haven't already take a moment to
like subscribe and share this video with
anybody else you know who wants to make
healthy eating easy thank you guys so
much for watching I am Danny Spees and I
will see you back here next time with
some more clean deliciousness
Cheers half yogurt and half Mayo so
whichever one lights you up do that so
pick whichever one light chop so pick
whichever one lights you up and by all
means travel that road