[Music]
I'm going to all of you hi this is Lisa
and welcome to another episode of mash
kitchen today I'm going to show your
recipe if you lesson this is called
sword on the border so be easy recipe
recipe media and then convert it for
this recipe you will need 1/2 a cup of
mustard on soft in 1 cup of water I will
show you how to make the paste later on
1/2 teaspoon of salt 1/4 teaspoon of
turmeric powder 1/4 teaspoon of baking
powder 1/3 cup of coriander leaves
chopped finely 1 medium size onion
chopped finely 1 medium size green
chilli chopped finely 1 TSP of ginger
chopped finely but this is optional
first of all I am going to soak the dal
in one cup of water make sure you wash
your dog before silkiness after 1 hour
we are going to strain the water from
the dal
I've already grinded it here this is the
texture that we want as you can see that
it is not a fine paste you will need 1
and 1/2 cup of cooking oil to deep fry
the pakoras
[Music]
you can see that I'm taking a little bit
like this
make it flat with your finger no needles
right when you fry the pakoras make sure
the oil is not too hot put it on medium
heat otherwise it will burn the Sakura
from outside and inside little spiro fry
them slowly for three to four minutes
and send them one time before taking it
out from the hood when you see that your
pakoras are turning light golden in
color take it out from the oil
[Music]
so here's our das baccarat is crispy
outside a caucus by that's what makes it
really unique you try to film I'm sure
you'll all enjoy making it as much as I
do see you next time with some more
utilization left over if you liked this
video click here to subscribe if you
want more oxygen just to hear you next
time is over you have a problem
[Music]