okay therefore this little quick little
project is making mason jar candle or
little outside bug torch or whatever
either you use Centinela oil lamp oil
you need either a jelly jar or a point
mason jar rings some lids some wicks
these are eighth inch lamp works I
already cut 8 inches long 16 D now go
hammer ruler and a marker and a little
block would punch the holes all right
I'll show you how I do them on take your
lid measure Center which and these ones
are being a inch and 3/16 and do it real
quick Center just don't have to be
exactly perfect or it's your project you
won't it okay take on your piece of wood
take your 16 D now
same way with this take one your wicks
you can either wet the end or roll it
yeah go through the top because you got
a little burr on the bottom here you
want it kind of snug didn't make that
hole big enough
so
pull it through like so baby bugger
and you got your weight there stick that
in your jar there you go
I'll light one up for you okay little
windy out here
there's the candles I'm trying to block
the wind here a little bit but when I
use these everyday no but I use it when
I'm out and a bonfire whatnot and when
I'm watching them
yes I would they be an easy candle to
make if crap hits the fan yes just maybe
I would not use them in a house no
whatsoever because it's citronella oil
and that's lamp oil so alright just a
little thing I was playing with just
checking them out I'll keep you updated
and how I think they perform they should
be okay and calm weather but you got em
BRR this glass break this open you got a
big fire so they use extreme caution
when you're doing stuff like this okay
thanks guys