hello you guys so today we're going to
be making cheesecake now I have made
cheesecakes before on my channel but
this were no bake perfect and delicious
for when you don't have a lot of time
but today I want to share with you my
classic cheesecake recipe now I grew up
on Long Island which is really near New
York and they have the best cheesecake
in New York so of course today I'm going
to show you my take on New York style
cheesecake which is thick dense creamy
me it's fantastic now I know a lot of
people have trouble with cheesecake
because it can sink in the middle it can
um crack but I'm going to explain to you
the science behind cheesecake why that
happens and um show you guys how to
avoid it so let's get started and let's
make it
okay so like all cheesecakes we're going
to make the crust first what I've got in
my bowl are just some crushed up
digestive biscuits or gram crackers I'm
not sure what the difference is guys let
me know in the comments below if you
know because a lot of people say they're
the same thing a lot of people say
they're not so let me know if you know
anyway to those I've added some melted
butter and I'm going to mix
well you're then going to take your
spring fir pan I have slightly greased
mine so you want to grease yours
distribute your cookie mixture as evenly
as you can and make sure to press it
down onto the bottom of your pan if you
want you can come up on the sides a
little bit and you're going to bake this
for 10 minutes at 180°
[Music]
C while that's cooling we're going to
make the filling um which is also very
simple but I am going to give you a few
tips so in my bowl I have some cream
cheese of course some vanilla and to
this I'm also going to add some lemon
zest don't skip the lemon zest you don't
really taste it guys it just adds a
really good flavor I'm also going to add
some sour cream if you want you can use
um Greek yogurt in fact I think I was
using Greek yogurt so whichever one you
have or prefer I'm also going to add
some sugar seems a lot but it's not we
are using cream cheese and sour cream
remember that you're going to mix just
until everything is combined don't go
further than that use a spatel of course
to scrape down the sides so everything
um you know combines
nicely you're then going to add your
eggs one at a time and this is where I
want you to really pay attention I'm
going to mix my egg but not all the way
through and then going to proceed to
adding the other eggs as I said one at a
time the reason for this is because this
is the part where a lot of people
continue incorporating um air into their
cheesecake cheesecake is kind of like a
custard guys it's supposed to be dense
if you over mix you will continue to
incorporate air and your cheesecake will
probably crack so I'm going to stop here
you can still see the eggs and I'm going
to continue with my spatula that way I
don't overbeat this
mixture I'm also going to add some flour
which is going to provide more structure
now to be honest you don't have to add
the flour if you don't want my mom for
example um doesn't add it because she
likes a creamier texture not that this
isn't creamy but it will be a little bit
more firm make sure you fully um mix in
your flour and then you're going to go
ahead and pour this into your pan I did
line the bottom on the sides of the pan
with some foil because we are going to
make this in a water bath which will
also prevent cracks
[Music]
so you're going to put your pan into a
bigger baking dish fill it with some hot
water and you're going to bake your
cheesecake at 180° C for 45 minutes
after 45 minutes you're going to lower
your oven to 160° C and continue baking
for another 30 minutes after 30 minutes
you're going to turn off your oven open
the door just a little and just leave it
there for about 30 40 minutes we
basically want to lower the heat
gradually that that where your
cheesecake again won't
crack you're then going to take it out
and let it cool completely before
putting it into the fridge don't
refrigerate this while it's
hot if you did everything correctly it
should be smooth without any um cracks
um it didn't sink and it should pull
away from the sides by itself you're
going to refrigerate this for at least 8
hours before for better flavor leave it
overnight that's what I did so fast
forward to the next day we're going to
unmold this and we're going to cut into
this look how beautiful this cheesecake
looks um of course you can add whatever
toppings you like I like my plain so
that's how I'm going to serve and eat
mine um I did add some strawberries on
top just to add a little bit of color to
be honest that's the only reason why I
added them I just dipped them in some
strawberry jam and I added those but to
be honest I do like mine pling so that's
how you make
[Music]
cheesecake I hope you guys will try this
cheesecake recipe trust me it's
delicious um I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did please share it
for me and please give it a big thumbs
up for me and also please subscribe if
you aren't already I publish a video
every Friday and I will see you next
Friday bye
a