uh Brian Wiggins okay and can you
explain the difference and why some
honey is a paste and some honey is more
like a liquid sure okay so raw honey was
naturally going to solidify or
crystallize as it ages and the reason is
is there's particulate matter in the
honey because it hasn't been heated or
filtered or strained in any way so the
sugar crystals will it kind of acts like
a seating uh so the sugar crystals will
seed around that make this make the
honey solid and that's why you get the
paste or whatever
um
when he first comes out of the comb it's
liquid like this it'll stay like that
for a month or two maybe if you're lucky
and then it'll turn into a solid most
commercial Honeys are heated to 160
degrees and then they're ran through a
paper filter and what that does is it
takes everything out it's a really
really fine filter like a coffee filter
but on a huge level and that takes
everything out except the sugar so what
you're left with is sucrose fructose you
know it's pretty much table sugar it's
not much different so with raw honey you
get all the natural benefits you get the
pollen you get the the propolis all the
natural amino acids and enzymes and all
the good stuff still in there the way
the bees like it all right