I hope I have enough I hope I have to
cut well you better
we're gonna make hot water cornbread
today yes we made it
Colleen made some for our New Year's
dinner with when everybody was here at
my house we made it for lunch I made it
for lunch and then we made some more
last night because they are we makin
leftovers and hot water cornbread
leftover is horrible unless you have a
you know you can heat it up in the oven
but that's those troubles so she you
gotten up there yeah okay stowed you get
two cups of cornmeal and we're using the
yellow cornmeal you can use white my
sister likes white but my mother always
used yellow yeah so just two cups of
that that's real fine too and we got the
hot water in the kettle getting ready
you need two cups of boiling water and
two cups of cornmeal and then you can
also now be good time to add salt and
pepper and all that salt pepper garlic
and these onion
no and when do you add those let's do
that after we put the water in okay now
do you add the garlic and salt yeah all
right we'll give up
we'll get at it you know it's hard to
find good help these days it is some
water's boiling
anyway so now you've added what we've
added salt and onion powder garlic
powder and you just kind of don't really
measure it no I don't really measure it
I just I think just kind of what do you
call eyeball good that's garlic powder
and salt oh and there's Bella two cups
of where's the spoon just grab anything
two cups of this boiling water then you
just pour in the boiling water and just
mix it up look at that it turns into it
and the Native Indians I read on Google
and Wikipedia whatever I googled this
hot water cornbread and it's a native
Indian thing Native American they did it
before the colonisation and then the
southern Texas people your mama used to
make all this man matter your
grandmother you called her mama mama and
she made this cornbread any time we had
any time we had greens cabbage we had to
have hot water cornbread okay boys
garlicky you put a lot of garlic in it
no hope hopefully smell it okay now what
so now we have two patty it out it's
really moist and wet it is wet weather
than normal do you think a little wetter
than I think we should add a little
remember if it's too thick what we get
what we had yesterday it was a little it
was not as crunchy yeah and I like it
better it is because so we're gonna try
dropping this in the fryer here we go so
we probably have what that whole package
of cornmeal in here that was probably
that was probably gonna be about three
cups because before a little before did
that was it already open okay so it's
not a full it was a small small bag of
corn when this is it
this is as good as it's gonna get not
getting any drier so you don't put near
that much water in there so what I'm
going to do looky here looky here what
okay because that's hot you get a bowl
you take a bowl of water and you use it
with your hands so it doesn't get to
keep your hand moist to put that in
there so here get me a little water oh
yeah I think that feels pretty good here
on the whole one yeah co-wash good yeah
you don't wanna say kind of like that so
she's making little catty
yeah well you should
the pad is like clear
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah you know what my grandmother did
she used to do is take these people
might call him eat pies but she would
take the cornbread and and put him
burger like taco meat that she had
leftover and she would make she would
fry them like this and my aunt
I had an aunt her name was aunt Duffy
she named these a tea doodles because my
grandmother's name was Addie yeah so and
but they were so good I mean you had
your meat and your your bread it was so
good to meet so putting water on your
fingers really helped yeah that
continued that especially it's still
sticking your things as well I hadn't
really dipped them in because this is
pretty wet we need to watch those though
but I'm fried it there I had a I have a
spatula there turn it over a little yeah
now see I think these are looking better
than our yesterday yeah that one's done
hmm leave it in for the night I love the
crunch of all it's so good
these are looking better
[Music]
bring up the beat that one looks that
because it's tiny right there
mm-hmm so look at that look at those can
you see them
yeah they got this camera down okay good
go ahead and do the rest might as well
have them right now for dinner hmm
give me that's down there nice now let
that go a little longer
the crispier the better to me so yeah
you see how that just kind of does in
your hand a little bit of what that
water helps it
[Applause]
good with grease
[Applause]
so mama made this every New Year's Day I
don't know she made it all the time all
the time I mean we didn't I was raised
you got her mama mama I'm a mother
mother yeah and she does it to me she
makes all this what she was taught by
mama and her mother was the master cook
master and minister
she's the United Pentecostal minister
she was 50 50 something years
she passed her did you go to her church
did your father know your dad was took
the church out here huh yes it's hard to
make just beauty you know yeah you never
know how many you're gonna how many
patties are gonna come out with I think
we had like 20 yesterday for lunch and
then see there if we use a cup and a
half a cup of water probably work mm-hmm
you know you just kind of guess with the
water not yet yeah got it it's gotta be
big enough to make a patty it is yeah
you did
there you go you're looking good they
are look I think they'll be I think
they'll be good today and this is good
for your health because it's oil and the
oil grease is your van so your blood can
flow through easier right many people
don't know that
mm-hmm that how long have you been
making these well I usually let wait
till mother comes let me make them well
if she if when she comes to visit if she
makes turnip greens or collard greens or
anything any greens sheep makes you know
what I read on the internet that a lot
of people eat this was like syrup and
her breath I really well I know my
grandpa Papa he used to he used to eat
it with buttermilk you know he'd take
the cornbread that
grandmother had made and he put it in
buttermilk that was like an evening
snack for him so
thank this fine well you know how to
make hot water corner now you know you
know and I don't know if that you just
look horn in it you I've seen holdout
pina peppers in it you can put cheese in
it that would be good it's just really a
flat hush puppy mm-hmm but like I said
even you can stuff it with meat and like
that make a little meat inside here and
patty it together and fry that and talk
about being good and they love to try to
stick together don't they uh-huh oh yeah
they do you go separate them like
Siamese twins gosh
yeah that's separate they don't want to
separate that those two yeah it will
don't it's slush grease on you oops
20:19 grease fire ears well this right
while they won't have us on the Food
Network hey we're not the worst cooks in
America
well no I wouldn't say mmm no well okay
there you have it we don't need to keep
y'all waiting yeah this is our and we'll
show you when we eat them how they have
that much too much
let's show right now okay well I need to
wash my here here we go hurry I can't
hardly wait she's got salt pepper no no
pepper but salt pepper garlic and OH
mmm oh that sounds
under perfect perfect I would do it we
did it we've conquered it
there you have it let me know how yours
turn out put pictures in the comments
below