everybody has their own path the path
that she's on is ridiculous I mean she's
one away from tying Ronda Rousey's
record and whatever she does from there
and possibly moving up 225 pounds
winning that title to so some people
have have a longer road than others but
you keep doing what she's doing and
you're going to get there some of the
fighters day.they has big mouths before
the fight and they think they know the
best way to beat the channel or be the
bigger opponent but the thing is every
camp I'm focused on what I can do better
and I'm always trying to change
something and don't let them let them
beat me that's the thing this is what I
did in this camp and before my last
before my fight at Madison Square Garden
I had just six seven weeks with my new
coaches new team it was not enough but I
think we put on a great work but
Definity this time we had more time and
I'm very happy I feel like I stepped on
different level and I'm looking forward
I go for vacation for a few days I slide
back to Poland to spend some time with
my family but I cannot write when I will
get back to to the attn and put on work
again we wouldn't with my team since I
moved to American token I feel like I'm
I'm the bird who got escaped from there
from the clash you know if you know this
meaning and so that was the thing I like
I'm very hard on myself every day and
you can ask my coaches you know I'm not
happy when I I had to after a good
training session you know I'm not happy
because I know I can do better there is
or something to train you to change and
do better you know so that's why I'm
keep on keep on defending this but very
strong in Poland but I don't know you
know right now like I said I'm going to
be focused on my family my fiance they
need me and I don't know I like I want
to fight in Poland but Lucy please see
Tommy Barzini is leaving ATT and he was
in here he I don't know about my
question was are you going to try to
convince him to stay with you as a coach
oh he's amazing you know and I I don't
know I don't want to talk about and we
didn't want to
you