[Music]
oh dear God hello loves hey it's Scott
Jones here with our first installment in
our food segment of Americans love Brit
today we're going to be doing one of the
Staples of the British Cuisine
especially the Sunday lunch the
Yorkshire pudding now the Brits call
them Yorkshire puddings but here in
America back when they were popular they
were called popovers because they rise
real high and they pop over but in any
uh British uh uh home or any British
dinner table with a heavy meat and gravy
uh type serving Yorkshire puddings are a
great addition they replace the what we
call the din roll in any event what
we're going to do in these segments is
I'm going to put the ingredients along
the uh bottom of the screen so you can
make them and follow along as I do this
for you and uh we will also down in the
description uh have a link to the actual
printable uh recipe it's a real simple
recipe uh the ingredients that I have
here today are simply uh one cup it's
kind of a heaping cup of allpurpose
flour we have um a tablespoon and a half
of salt along with a/4 tablespoon of
ground black
pepper and uh here we have the recipe
calls for one cup of eggs it's about six
5 to six uh large eggs and they're
already beaten and in this cup here I
have 1/2 cup of milk and uh 1/2 cup of
water already mixed together those are
the entire ingredients for uh uh
traditional Yorkshire puddings but
before we get going we ought to start
this event in the finest tradition of
every British cook let's have a little
shot
of figures this wouldn't work a little
shot of your favorite baby today I've
chosen
champagne future episodes there's no
telling what I might choose as our
favorite Bevy Bevy is a British slang
word for an alcoholic beverage but
here's to you happy cooking take a
little shot of this and we'll get our
Yorkshire pudding is underway
cheers all right now as I've said here
in the bowl I have one heaping cup of
allpurpose flour and what you want to do
is make a little cone in the middle
those of you that bake you know about
this make a little cone in the middle
and then what we're going to do we're
going to slowly add the eggs but beat
the
flour as we're adding the eggs to keep
some con consistency to it just
slowly pour them in and
keep the
um the dough going round and round in
the bowl until you've gotten all the
eggs in there and then of course you
want to scrape along the sides and get
all of that uh
flour mixed in
there once that is kind of combined
there we want to go
ahead and uh put in our salt salt and
pepper and then also slowly add our
water and milk and again I'm having to
do this onehanded but just just keep it
going around what you want to do is to
avoid getting a lot of lumps in it but
I've gone ahead and thrown that in there
let's scrape the sides a little bit and
again just take your whisk and keep
working
it as you can see there's you know some
lumps in there you want to keep getting
as much air as you can into the dough
but also to beat all the lumps out of
it you know you Pro Cooks probably
consider it about 60 Strokes or 80
Strokes something like that but what
we're going to do is
continue uh getting all the lumps out
now once you've combined all of these
materials here or all the
ingredients you need to let the dough
set for at least 30 minutes minutes but
up to an hour so between 30 minutes and
an hour the dough needs to rest so what
we're going to do is I'm going to go
ahead and cover it and let it sit and
let the dough or the batter I guess it's
more of a batter than it is a dough
we're going to let it rest for 30
minutes and then when we come back I'll
show you how to prepare the pans and all
of the things you need to do the real
trick to Yorkshire puddings is how you
cook them in the oven and we're going to
cover that right after after we come
back from letting our dough sit for 30
minutes we'll be right
back and we're back I hope you're still
enjoying a glass of your favorite Bevy
in the finest tradition of British Cooks
cheers
again we've got our um oven preheating
uh at
475Â° these cook in a very hot oven so
you about 10 minutes before my 30 minute
weight period on the batter is up I go
ahead and turn the oven on and having
having it uh heat up to 475 I want to
talk to you a little bit about uh the
different types and styles of Yorkshire
puddings you could do I'm not going to
make a big deal out of this but you know
some British households they'll cook
them in a just standard like rectangular
9 by3 pan and they'll put the batter in
there it'll rise up around the edges and
make one big Yorkshire pudding that
they'll cut up in pieces or tear pieces
off of that's uh one way to cook them
you can also if you want to use
something around the household a
standard one dozen uh muffin pan can
work they make a very small uh
individual Yorkshire puddings that's an
option what I did the first time I uh
made them I went to Walmart and got a
large muffin pan that only has six as
you can see it's a lot deeper and
they're a lot bigger now when I have
historically uh cooked Yorkshire
puddings here at home I've used the sixh
holder you fill it up about halfway with
the batter and they make beautiful
larger size uh Yorkshire puddings that
sound was my oven telling me it's at 475
but uh this is uh I think it was less
than six bucks at Walmart if you want to
get a six hleer large muffin pan
perfectly okay for making making
Yorkshire puddings you fill them about
halfway full for this video
I went ahead and splashed out and bought
an authentic off of Amazon and I'll put
the link to this product down in the
description this is an
authentic uh Yorkshire pudding pan it's
a professional grade one it's very heavy
it was kind of pricey I paid
$17.91 for it uh um Amazon Prime so it
was free shipping but as you can see
it's a lot shallower and there's only
four of them and the holes are a little
bit bigger I mean the traditional
Yorkshire puddings get pretty large size
as they rise in the oven but this is an
authentic uh Yorkshire pudding uh uh pan
that I bought just for this video and
again if you want to stay authentic I
put the link to this product uh in the
description below but the six hleer from
Walmart for less than six bucks I think
it was
5.87 uh it's the large muffin pan it'll
work just fine but in any event uh uh
the key to success Yorkshire P puddings
is in the cooking and uh we're going to
cover that right now I'm going to switch
back to my counter here and of course we
still have our batter here uh covered
it's been uh oh about 35 minutes uh
since I uh uh broke for this but a very
very very important component of York
puddings is you take your favorite oil
and you want a high smoke oil like
canola or vegetable oil but personally I
like uh butter flavored Crisco plain
Crisco will work too but you want to put
uh it's about a half a teaspoon to a
third of a teaspoon in each
one of the holes and if you're uh using
the sixh holder uh muffin pan from
Walmart maybe a little bit less than
this but about a/4 teaspoon of
oil uh in each one of the holes and um
what you've got to do do is you need to
put these in the oven in that 475 oven
let the oil melt and you let the pan
heat up to the point where the oil is
almost smoking because when this pan
comes out and we pour our batter in what
you want to do is uh make sure uh that
it's very hot when you pour the batter
in and you you may even hear it Sizzle
like a pancake if you hear that you know
you've done that right so I'm going to
go ahead and I'm going to take our four
holer here and uh you know what I'm
going to make uh one in our six hleer
too I think I've got enough batter
because there's another
application uh for um for these uh
Yorkshire puddings that I want to show
you to show you here later in the video
but we're going to put we're going to
put both our pans in this 475 oven uh
and let them heat up
while our pans with our oil in them are
heating up in our 475 oven I want to
switch back here to our batter you know
we've had it covered and what you want
to do while the oil is heating you want
to go ahead and give your
batter about another 20 to 40 Strokes
you notice I'm getting some air bubbles
in there the idea here is to get a
little bit more air in the the batter
before you uh pour it in the pan so I'm
going ahead and mixing this up and when
we uh take our pans out and they're
going to be hot hot hot uh when we take
our pans out uh we're going to give the
batter you know maybe a few more Strokes
the more air you have in it the better
but you're going to be dealing with some
very very very hot pan so you want to
use your hot pads and be very careful so
uh when we come back it's going to take
about another five 5 minutes for our
pans to heat up when we come back we'll
take them out we'll put the batter in
and we'll show you what the magic that
happens with our Yorkshire pings in the
oven okay the oil and my pans are
smoking but we have time for another sip
of our favored
Bevy the trick here is to get the pan
out again be real careful it's super hot
the oil is super hot you'll hear a
Sizzle when you pour in the batter
that's perfectly normal again I've used
butterf flavored Crisco because that's
my favorite you know back in the day
they would put a dollop of L in it not
very heart healthy but I'm going to grab
our pans out of the oven and again using
numerous pot
pads the oil is smoking the pans are
very
hot I have
put some uh hot pads down here again
give a little stroke another stroke to
the Deep feel here the batter you can
hear it
Sizzle that means you've done it right
put another one there and another one
there we're going to put this pan back
in the oven and as I told you earlier I
am
uh making one in my sixh holder because
I'm going to show you a dessert idea
that you can do even through the hot
pads that's very very hot on the six
hleer I fill it about halfway through
it's
sizzling that's exactly what you want to
see right there and again we're going to
put them back in the
oven we're going to go ahead I've got
another uh round of batter that you
could make two rounds with the four h
holder or one and a half rounds with the
sixh holder but we're going to set our
timer to 20 minutes and this is in
vitally important
folks maybe you watch British comedies
or you've heard in a British program
that uh my Yorkshire wouldn't rise do
not no matter how tempted you are open
the oven during the first 15 minutes of
the 20 minutes of cooking or your
Yorkers will not rise they rise on the
edge and they make kind of a cup in the
middle and I'm going to show you a great
dessert idea with the one I did in my uh
sixh holder uh large muffin tin but the
uh uh the larger
uh four h Holder will make almost like a
soup bowl size Yorkshire pudding so 20
minutes in please look through the
window whatever you do in the first 15
minutes do not open the oven or your
Yorkers will either not rise or they
will fall and you will have a big M back
after our 20 minutes and we'll show you
what they look like and give you some
ideas for serving it up as we con we uh
conclude our video
okay folks we're back and the timer has
gone off and our Yorkshire puddings are
ready to come out of the oven I hope
you're still enjoying your favorite Bevy
cheers
again let's go ahead and take our um
take our Yorkers out of the oven this is
the first time I've ever cooked them in
this big pan please be careful they're
super super
hot and I've got uh two varieties here
again as I told you I wanted to cook uh
cooked some here in the large pan and uh
I cooked one here in the smaller pan uh
it didn't make the indentation in the
middle but what's going to happen is you
need to let these set oh I'm going to
say maybe five minutes or so they're
going to fall a little bit but when they
fall after Cooling is different is if
they don't rise in the oven so we're
going to give these 5 minutes and then
I'm going to show you uh uh some
creative ways to use them and then we'll
conclude the video we'll be right
back and we're back hope you're still
enjoying your favorite Bey you know
British cooking can get pretty
interesting depending on how long the
recipe is and so much Bevy but here's
cheers to you
all right I've taken our Yorkers out as
you can see these are flipped
over usually they fall in the middle a
little bit this is the first time I've
used this pan but this is a traditional
Yorkshire pudding it's kind of an eggy
bready thing it's Hollow in the middle
you can see little bits of the pepper
but when you're having a Sunday lunch or
any meal with say a pot roast or any
heavy meat where there's gravy these are
served with what the Brits call
lashing lashings of gravy we call it
drizzling with gravy but any event you
want to take a little bits of gravy or
fill in the middle or just put little
drizzles of gravy over it's kind of an
eggy texture uh bread uh but it is very
tasty now I made one here with the uh my
sixh holder large muffin pan another
application for this and I just wanted
to show you let me grab a spoon real
quick because I was unprepared here but
uh this would be a neat idea get you
some
strawberries put you a uh dollop of
vanilla ice cream uh there in the middle
maybe put some strawberries or some
raspberries around it and then take some
lashings of chocolate syrup and
Yorkshire puddings can make a great
great great uh dessert idea here you can
see where I put together uh just some
ice cream in the middle of one of the
smaller Yorkshire puddings with
chocolate syrup on it that's it for this
episode I hope you've enjoyed it we're
going to be working hard to bring you
some uh great recipes here on the food
segment of uh Americans love Britain you
know the holiday season's coming up and
that's one of my favorite favorite
periods uh we got a video coming up with
uh I had a recipe I published in The
Insider for BBC worldwide Americas uh of
a Christmas trifle that is to die for it
I want to have a special guest with me
uh to do the Christmas trifle but uh the
Traditions the the uh food of the
holidays in Great Britain is something
I'm very excited about it's upon us so
we're going to have some great food
sement coming up so uh tune in for those
once again I have the recipe for these
Yorkshire puddings down in the
description also down in the description
uh I also have a link for uh a special
link for viewers of this channel if you
like listening to books instead of
reading them I have a special deal with
audible.com just for our viewers uh
click the link below and you can get a
one Monon free trial and a free book
download no obligation to just to try it
out the link is down on the description
that's it for today stay tuned for more
great videos on British traditions
culture food and television as we go
forward be sure and give us a thumbs up
and subscribe to the channel and let us
know that you like what we're doing here
until then Happy cooking and Chin Chin