[Music]
this is diane kircheis
welcome to greek food TV and our
fearless feeler lesson so many friends
asked me about filo and how to make it
it's really easy
start with all-purpose flour 2 to 2 and
1/2 cups
add salt and sift you'll need tepid
water 1/2 a cup of extra virgin olive
oil a shot of ouzo or a tablespoon of
red wine vinegar or lemon juice this
makes the phyllo elastic I like to knead
it by hand
the Greeks say your spirit gets into the
dough that way and your savory pie
tastes better kneaded with the palms of
your hands not with your fingers needed
and fold it neither than folded adding
flour if necessary until it's silky and
as smooth as a baby's behind the whole
thing takes about 10 to 12 minutes and
is really gratifying when it's done let
it rest for a half hour covered with
flour and sealed with plastic wrap in
the bowl it's that easy as easy as pie
as easy as phyllo visit us again for a
sample of the best Greek recipes this is
diam two Chile's on Greek food TV