oh and welcome to Pensacola Florida
welcome to our home and welcome to our
dining room we're here in our dining
room today because in our kitchen I
would talk to you from the side and I
really prefer to show you this delicious
cake and ulis just filled up your cream
cheese who if I sing from straight on my
name is faith Gilliland and I am here
today to show you the child a cake of
yummy deliciousness
what makes this cake so delicious is the
icing that I make to put in between the
layers and on top it just so delicious
so I have gone ahead and made the
chocolate cake with my secret recipe
that I would be more than happy to share
with you if I am so privileged as to be
chosen to come to Augusta to be with you
but for now what I want to show you is
how to make this delicious fluffy
Philadelphia cream cheesy icing that
goes into this cake what you begin with
is a softened 8 ounce cube of cream
cheese Philadelphia Cream Cheese trust
me girls I've tried no name-brand cream
cheeses and very ashamed to say that but
the Philadelphia Cream Cheese makes such
a difference in the creamy deliciousness
of this icing so you take the 8 ounces
of softened Philadelphia cream cheese 1
cup of powdered sugar and 1/2 of a cup
of granulated sugar what we're going to
do now we are going to mix this together
make it nice and creamy and today I'm
going to do it sort of
-
I really enjoy making things for people
really for to desert me
just missed
before
the first dessert by that evening
discovered it
a little late
to make our neighbors
for the holidays
baby
I think these little things from
volcanoes like the minibus
that means us for our children
teacher
I just love it
with all of the cream cheese
and it's all better
our next step is going to be taking our
cool hwhip and trust me girls one more
time I have used generic Cool Whip is
more fluffy than the generic it really
truly does make a difference I know a
lot of times generic doesn't but in this
case which really does and I like to do
about half of the tub and we do use the
large tub of Cool Whip and we're going
to mix in the Cool Whip with that creamy
sugary blend that we
and this is a place where maybe your
children can help undermine and joy help
them block that cool it right there into
the mixture it's kind of fun for them to
block it right in there we're going to
mix it all up and this makes plenty
Oh
yes then I take my first layer of cake
and I'm going to move the Philadelphia
Cream Cheese to the side so that you can
see what I'm doing here and I like to
take that spatula which is using and you
take a big blob plop it right there
online and then I take my cake icing
spatula now what you want to do is make
the layers of the icing about the same
thickness as your cake layers so it's
really nice and thick and yummy and
delicious and I really like to go ahead
and put some icing on the sides of the
cake as well and here at the beginning
that way at the end it's a whole lot
easier just to get it all in there and
make it nice and fluffy looking I really
like for it to be fluffy and look like a
cloud of beautiful mmm beautiful white
icing now this is a three layer cake
place it right on top and I'm going to
continue just like I did with the first
layer pop it right up there a nice big
block blob of icing and I love to do
this love to make this cake in fact I
was at a friend's house not so long ago
and I was talking about enjoying making
cakes we are new friends so she didn't
know about my joy of making cakes so we
were talking about it and I told her
about this delicious chocolate cake that
I love to make and she said you know the
kid sounds sort of familiar oh how cool
she said I have a recipe let me get it
sushi when I'm turned recipe box brought
down this recipe handwritten I looked at
as and that was like my recipe and I
looked at the top and the tile was faced
delicious chocolate cake I thought how
ironic where in the world as you find
this because I've had some friends that
get call or ask me what
okay called and I had to come up with a
name and they helped me and called it
base delicious chocolate cake she said a
friend of mine in to egg Florida I said
to make Florida wet in the world I don't
even know if I've ever been to to back
Florida third layer here dude just
exactly like it did before and you're
gonna plop all the rest of the icing on
top so I said I have been anyone from
two-egg Florida that's three hours from
Pensacola where in the world says she
hasn't found out exactly yet where that
person found my recipe or who she got it
from but I just thought how what a small
world you know that someone three hours
from here has my speak my icing recipe
it was all exactly this recipe that I am
doing right now it was just really
amazing to me and honoring very very
honoring this is definitely a favorite
around the journey I want to show you
the inside of this cake when I'm
finished and then what I do once I get
all that thickness all that thick layer
mmm
Philadelphia Cream Cheese Cool Whip
sugar icing all over the cake I like to
kind of make it look like waves out of
the Gulf and as beautiful as this cake
is right now I want to show you the
finishing touch to this fateful day on
the top of this beautiful cake I like to
put chocolate Hershey's giant
special dark chocolate and I take my
good old handy dandy cheese grater that
I've had
years of something that we got as a
wedding present and I've just really
found that this chocolate curls so
beautifully
especially when it's warmed up a little
bit and you're going to curl on top of
your cake put as much as possible truly
truly this makes the cake so gorgeous so
beautiful you're just going to keep
curling's
I would normally fill this up with
chocolate shavings to make it even more
beautiful and I love to serve this on my
cake plate and here is my yummy
delicious beautiful fluffy white cake
and before we go I want to show you the
inside of this cake I'll show you how
the layers come together and how
beautiful that is to serve your guests
now here is the finished product this
cake is so moist so beautiful and I
thank you so much for coming into our
home and I look forward to meeting you
in Augusta very soon
thank you