there may come a time when you need to
remove badges that were attacked with
badge magic badge magic has to be very
strong in order to keep badges on during
the wash so it will take a bit of effort
to remove it in this video we'll show
you how to remove one badge at a time
and then go over two ways to remove all
of the badge magic from your uniform at
once to remove a single badge you will
need a household adhesive remover like
googan or goof-off we recommend googan
as it smells nice and is easy on your
fingers goof-off is more powerful and
works faster use it only in a
well-ventilated area or outdoors and
avoid getting it on your skin both
products are available at most hardware
stores in various sizes be sure to use
the original formulas not goof-off - or
googan spray cleaner to remove a badge
simply spray the adhesive remover on the
inside of the uniform behind the badge
be sure to cover the entire badge area
try not to let the solvent touch any
badges that you want to stay on the
uniform if it does let the area dry
completely before washing or wearing the
uniform wait for three to four minutes
then peel the badge off slowly applying
more solvent if needed you may notice
some adhesive residue if you're putting
another badge back in the same place
there's usually no need to remove any
adhesive residue just let the fabric dry
and put on the new patch with more badge
magic to remove the residue completely
use a technique called blotting put a
paper towel on the outside of the shirt
over the residue and pour more solvent
onto the back of the shirt rub it into
the fabric a small brush helps this
dissolves the glue and soaks it into the
paper towel repeat this step as many
times as needed to remove any visible
residue if the badge has been attached
for a long time it may take several
soaking x' to remove all the adhesive
allow the shirt to dry completely before
applying new badges to remove all your
badges at once take your uniform to the
dry cleaners ask them if they use the
perc dry cleaning method if they don't
use perc find a dry cleaner that does or
you can use what we call the jar method
shown later ask the cleaners to put your
shirt in a laundry bag so they don't
lose your badge
is dry-cleaning should remove all of the
badges and residue and the uniform will
be ready to be used again the jar method
can also remove all the badges from a
uniform in just a few minutes put the
uniform into a widemouth jar and cover
it with goof off or googan leave it for
10 minutes to let the adhesive dissolve
shaking periodically helps now you can
easily remove all the patches if any
residue remains use a small brush to
scrub any stubborn areas then put the
uniform back in the jar for another 10
minutes
shaking periodically repeat the process
until the residue is gone if any residue
still remains scrub the badge area on
both sides with a brush and soak it for
another hour wash and dry the uniform
and it should be ready for new batches
badge magic is a peel-and-stick adhesive
and should not be ironed on if badges
have been ironed on dried at a hot
temperature or ironed over after washing
the badge magic may be melted into the
fabric and even dry cleaning may not
remove all of the adhesive leaving a
visible residue when reusing an old
uniform similar patches are usually put
in the same places so the residue may
not be a problem if it is the residue
can still be completely removed using
the jar method or by blotting the area
check out our FAQ zat badge magic comm
for the latest badge removal tips and
tricks' thank you for using badge magic
you