[Music]
hello guys so today we're going to make
marble cake our events are as follows 1
cup sugar sugar flour 1 cup milk 1/2 a
cup butter 1 tablespoon cocoa powder 1
teaspoon vanilla 1 tbsp red cube powder
and 3 eggs and I have my baking tray
ready so this is how we are going to
prepare a cake first put the butter
inside your mixing bowl and add the
sugar
this is swell for like treat four
minutes until you get back needed
texture and this is no texture that you
wanted well now we are going to attack
egg and bit again phone like another two
three main and don't forget to add the
vanilla so as you can see I'm betting
tip button gether with de sugar and egg
and vanilla so normal side with the milk
and it again so until it's combined well
just for like 30 seconds
and yeah now I'm going to add my cup of
stock by I'm in my baking powder in my
flour and mix itself okay so now I'm
going to put half of my class into the
butter and give it a quick whip then
after that we shall add - add 1/2 of
flour to Lane
the contest she needed is not it's not
supposed to the so liquidy and not so
story D yes yeah as you can see I don't
know how to say crazy okay don't take it
seriously now put a foot of your butter
mixture in so I like a bowl and add your
tablespoon of cocoa powder and give it a
quick flick m'excuse Bachelor and say it
compiles very well make sure it combines
very well you should not have lump this
is how it should look like so put the
other 3/4 of the mixture into a baking
tray and add sticks for that you combine
with cocoa powder
I'm telling you this will be del
fantastic cake I think you have never
eaten like it in your entire life not
joking can tell you the truth and you'll
see if you touch make it so now I'm
using my spatula to mix let's cook this
chocolate sir and they're like finest
you can see ok I forgot to shake my oven
was preheated to 200 degrees Celsius so
this is going into an event so hairy
degrees Celsius for 40 minutes so this
is ourselves when the cake goes back
this is how it looks like from the
inside hope you enjoyed the video please
don't forget to subscribe and give
thumbs up thank you very much snaps you
own share its yourself