this is a very popular drink it's been
made forever and ever and it's simple
and it tastes good and that's probably
why this is a fuzzy
navl go ahead and put your ice in your
glass now I'm sure you've heard of a
fuzzy navl and if you've heard of it and
gone I don't know what that is I don't
know how to make it this is your lucky
day you do now we're going to do an
ounce of
vodka like
so and an ounce of peach
snaps the ladies love this drink the men
also do too they won't admit to it as
much as the ladies will but they love it
believe me I've served quite a few of
fuzzy naal to the
males mix it
together like so take your cocktail
glass that is what your fuzzy navl looks
like now if you wanted to make it more
festive for Valentine's Day you could
say add grenadine cuz that's red right
you could add cherries cuz that's red
maybe strawberries but that is just your
classic fuzzy navl Happy Valentine's Day