hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I want to show
you how to make chicken pot pie it's an
American classic and I have yet to find
someone who doesn't adore it this recipe
is very easy very affordable and yeah
pretty much makes the best chicken pot
pie you're ever going to have so let's
go over the ingredients to get started
you're going to need some chicken thighs
that are skinless and boneless and cut
into about 1 inch pieces you'll need
some chopped up celery onions and
carrots you also give me some chicken
stock then frozen peas frozen pearl
onions some all-purpose flour
heavy cream some butter fresh chopped
parsley fresh chopped fresh chopped
thyme and you're also going to need salt
and pepper a little bit of olive oil and
puff pastry which I'll talk to you a
little bit about that later the reason I
don't name it out is because with puff
pastry you want to keep as cold as
possible so it's in the fridge until
right before we going to need it so
let's get started by going to stove and
start cooking I have a large soup pot
over medium-high heat with a couple
tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil
nice and hot so now I'm going to add in
my chicken now you can use if you want
to choose because traditionally this is
made with chicken breast I don't like to
use chicken breast when I make a stew or
just something that take a little bit
longer to cook only because it becomes
tough rubbery and tasteless and I think
chicken thighs or dark meat chicken
anyway that's fantastic flavor it's very
inexpensive you can get up to two pounds
for less than $2 so I always use you
know I always use dark chicken dark you
chicken so I'm going to cook for about
five minutes or until it's nicely brown
and then we'll add in our veggies to my
chicken that's been cooking I'm going to
add in my chopped veggies get them all
in there if you need to give it a little
bit more olive oil at this point you can
go ahead I don't think it needs it then
I'm steaming up my veggies with just a
little salt and pepper it also brings
out the moisture give this a nice toss
and I'm going to let this cook for
around 7 to 8 minutes so only buddy just
start to cook down
this was perfect after this I'm going to
add my butter now we're we're
essentially going to be doing is making
a roux but we're not going to make it
separate we're just going to make your
right a same pan just cuz it's easier
and you know I'm a bit lazy I like to do
things as fast as possible just mix this
around until the butter is pretty much
melted and then you're going to add in
your flour now when you make a roux it's
really important to know that the flour
and the butter is always the same amount
so if you have four tablespoons of
butter and you want four tablespoons of
flour you know just one to one so just
give it a big stir and you're going to
cook this for about a minute so it gets
rid of that raw flour taste it doesn't
taste gluey so just stir this around
just for a minute
perfect so now we're just going to add
in our chicken stock
you got a stir now I have my heat up to
medium-high now this is going to come up
to a boil once it's up to a boil you
don't let it cook for about 15 minutes
or so and then I'll show you what the
next step is going to be that is perfect
now I'm going to add in some heavy cream
just add a little richness nothing wrong
with that right
oh it's going to be delicious I'm so
excited for dinner okay
now we're going to add our frozen pearl
onions which have been defrosted a
little almost all the way through and
our frozen peas now you can add fresh
pearl onions and fresh Peas if you want
to but peas are not available this time
of year so I used frozen and pearl
onions I never buy refreshed because
they are not the easiest thing to clean
on the very fidgety so you know let this
cook for ten more minutes and then I
mean you ask the counter to assemble the
whole thing and bake them I just took my
filling off the stove it looks perfect
I'm going to add in my fresh chopped
parsley and thyme adds nice brightness
to this I love fresh herbs give that a
stir you can put fresh dill in here if
you wanted to I really love the
combination of the parson at a time
so you want to pre-heat your oven to 400
at this point
I also have an egg wash here which is
just an egg being with a little bit of
water and puff pastry and your
mannequins or oven safe bowls anything
you have and you can put in the oven you
can also make this in just a really
large you know baking dish all I'm doing
these are my grandmother's as you can
see really really old but I love them
now all I'm doing is just oiling these a
little bit and you can also butter them
with a little bit of butter if you want
it to okay we have that ready now puff
pastry this puff pastry was given to me
by my husband's and I'm really grateful
because I came making on me puff pastry
but you know I would normally buy it so
for this you should probably use some
store-bought puff pastry very easy to
find right in your frozen section in
your supermarket I'm going to lightly
flour my board just tip this on your
flour board trying to do this so you can
see what I'm doing very easily I'm just
going to unfold it unfold it and now
just to make myself my life a little bit
easier I'm going to cut this in half
because it's a really big sheet if you
are using frozen store-bought puff
pastry you should just use one sheet
should be fine
also you don't have to use puff pastry
because you can use just regular like
you know basic pastry which I have a
recipe on if you want to just make plain
basic you know pastry dough you can
follow that recipe and then you can tap
these with you know that pastry dough so
I'm just going to roll this out just a
tad because it's a little bit thicker
than I want it to be want to move this
around because puff pastry is a lot of
butter in it so you want to work this as
quickly as possible this looks great
now I'm going to take the bowl I'm going
to be cooking this in and I'm going to
give it a guide now I'm going to want to
cut this about an inch bare then the
bowl actually is only because I need to
use the sides to stick to the sides of
the bowl so we have one my dough is cut
I'm going
take my egg wash and I'm just going to
brush the sides of the bowl or whatever
you're baking this in just because I
want the dough to stick to something so
just go ahead and do that to all of them
I filled up all my bowls and I covered
them with the pastry just make sure you
pinch the sides now I work you have to
work really really quickly when you're
dealing with puff pastry because it's
mostly butter and you'll have a mess
otherwise you want to make a little
indentation so that the air can escape
great now I'm going to brush the tops
with some more egg wash learn step just
sprinkling them tops with some salt and
pepper just to give the pastry some
flavor I'm just going to do another
little opening here good now these are
gonna go into a preheated oven 400 for
20 to 25 minutes or does a lightly
golden brown my pie pie is baked for 25
minutes and look at me Don tada
I'm ready this is really really hot but
I really just want to show you the
filling first of all how perfect is that
puff pastry huh oh look at that look at
that incredible isn't it
I'm just going to take a little bite I
don't want to take one too big because I
will seriously burn myself
hmm it's I don't know it's just it's the
most delicious thing you can possibly
think of it's the most luscious thing
you can eat when you think of chicken
pot pie it's not gummy it's not so thick
that it has no moisture to it it's so
perfect
perfectly balanced flavors the pot the
crust is incredible by the way puff
pastries do where to go but that's it it
was quick and easy you can do it
yourself you can either use chicken
breasts or chicken thighs but please if
you're daredevil try to chicken thighs
just for this one time it's a big
difference that it makes it keeps
everything really moist and the chicken
it's not rubbery and dry and tough it's
definitely soft lots of flavor perfect
that's it I hope you enjoy spending time
with me now you need to go make this
chicken pot pie I know you want to so
I'm getting your kitchen get cooking but
before you do that
good www Lorna calm hi
you