[Music]
before setting up your new goldfish
aquarium make sure your kid includes all
the necessary components other items
you'll need that are not a part of the
kit include tetra safe start an aquarium
stand plants decor a thermometer tetra
easy strips and gravel while a heater is
not needed for goldfish if you plan to
add tropical fish to your tank one is
required
we also recommend an air pump with
airline tubing and a bubble one to add
oxygenation to the water and for
aesthetic reasons if all the necessary
parts are there lift your aquarium
supporting it from the bottom and gently
place it on the stand in a flat level
area the stand should be located near an
electrical outlet and out of direct
sunlight to prevent excessive algae
growth
[Music]
to start wipe down your aquarium inside
and out using a soft damp cloth
then thoroughly rinse your gravel plants
and decor do not use soap or detergent
when cleaning both are highly toxic to
fish next add one to one and a half
inches of rinsed gravel to your tank
gravel may vary in weight but the
general rule is one to two pounds for
every gallon of water to add depth slope
your gravel gradually from back to front
you're now ready to add dechlorinated
room-temperature water to fill your
aquarium to dechlorinate the water add
the sample of tetra aqua safe included
in your kit this water conditioner
removes harmful chlorine and chloramines
from tap water making it safe for your
goldfish pouring the water onto a plate
or saucer will keep your gravel in place
fill the aquarium only approximately 2/3
full of water
once the gravel and water have been
added you're ready to begin installing
the equipment
to install your tetra whisperer internal
power filter first attach the filter
hanger to the track on the back of the
filter then clip the filter hanger over
the aquarium frame to secure it in place
do not plug in your filter yet the
aquarium must be filled the rest of the
way before starting the filter after a
quick rinse to remove carbon dust insert
the included tetra bio bag filter
cartridge and bio foam into the filter
the front of the bio foam is marked
front and should face the front of the
filter adjust the height of the filter
so the water level in the aquarium falls
within the water level shown in the
instruction diagram to adjust the height
of your filter slide the filter up or
down along the hanger track if you're
using an aquarium heater or bubble wand
they should be added to the aquarium at
this time again do not plug in any
equipment until the aquarium is filled
with water
[Music]
after you've installed your filter
aquascape with live or artificial plants
or both place taller plants toward the
back and shorter plants toward the front
finally add your remaining decor and
fill your aquarium to within two to
three inches of the top frame you're now
ready to install your light first for
the 20 gallon kit remove the flat
perforated cutout from the right side of
the hood this is not necessary for the
10 gallon kit since it already has an
opening to place the LED lights into the
hood position the hood face up with the
fish feeding port closest to you when
installing the light module closest to
the power adapter on the cord should be
placed near the cord track on the left
underside of the hood slide the LED
light modules into the tracks on the
hood slide them in at an angle route the
light cord to the back of the hood using
the cord track for the 20-gallon kicks
attach the AC adapter plug into the jack
on the end of the LED light cord this is
not necessary for the 10-gallon kit
since the cord is hardwired and does not
have a separate jack and adaptor finally
with the LEDs installed place the hood
on top of the aquarium be sure to keep
the light cord from getting wet and do
not plug the LED cord into the power
outlet yet double check to see that the
water level is within the recommended
minimum and maximum parameters for the
filter if necessary adjust the water
level as needed
you may now plug all the equipments and
the light hood into the power outlets to
prevent water from flowing into your
power strip or outlets always make a
drip loop with your power cords the
filter will start automatically use the
light switch to power the LED lights on
and off once all your equipment is
plugged in allow the filter to run for
24 hours to be sure it is functioning
properly and there are no leaks finally
before adding your goldfish
your thermometer on the outside of your
aquarium and allow the water temperature
to stabilize after 24 hours if
everything checks out and the water
temperature is ideal you're ready to go
shopping for your new pets when you
bring your goldfish home immediately
over the transport bag and let it float
in the aquarium for 30 minutes this
gives your new pets time to adjust to
the water temperature in the meantime
dose your tank with Tetra safe start to
quickly cycle it with live bacteria to
reduce fish loss due to ammonia and
nitrate toxicity we also recommend
testing your water quality with tetra ez
strips and the my aquarium app which you
can download for free if all water
parameters test in the normal range
you're now ready to transfer your
goldfish from the bag to your tank start
by gently pouring the bag through your
net over a bucket then quickly place the
net into your tank and allow the fish to
swim out on their own to help ensure
that your aquarium remains healthy we
recommend one inch of goldfish for every
three gallons of water and one inch of
tropical fish for every gallon after
adding fish top off the aquarium with
dechlorinated water congratulations
you've successfully set up your new
goldfish aquarium for more helpful
advice and tips to keep your aquarium
beautiful and healthy be sure to
register today for free tetra care
support or visit our website or Facebook
page
you
[Music]