it's a retro poetic but we should be
eating more of it we're making my
chicken tears they've got such fond
memories of homemade chicken cubes when
I was a kid and just think of it if
you're not familiar with chicken Kiev
inside of this chicken that we will wrap
around it is this garlic herb butter and
on the outside we've got this beautiful
crust it is just glorious and when you
cut into it at the end you will see one
of the best things ever so to get
started we're gonna make our garlic herb
butter which is really simple into a
bowl
I'm gonna place in some finely chopped
up garlic and I'm gonna sprinkle it with
some salt and I'm just using the back of
the spoon I'm just pressing down on that
garlic I'm just mashing it around there
a little bit I don't want the garlic to
be completely charade if you like and
ground
I do want chunks of garlic in there and
the salt will help break down and
release more of that garlic flavor which
is going to help infuse our butter so
add in the softened butter and make sure
it's unsalted as well because we're
seasoning everything as we go next I'm
adding in some flat-leaf parsley that I
finely chopped up I have got parsley
growing like weeds in my garden so I
love using it any chance I get I love
fresh parsley and what you do when
you've finely chopped it is you'll see
that the parsley starts to let out this
juice this green juice and that's all
flavoring we want that but that's also
gonna color our butter as well the
butters gonna turn just a slight tinge
of green which is what we're after
using a fork mixed it all together
combined it really really well
and then get some cling film and just
place it on there roll it up tighten it
up a little bit into a ball and place it
into the freezer for about 10 minutes we
just want to harden up a little bit if
you're making this ahead of time you can
put this in the fridge as well
it'll be fine and then all start to
harden up what gonna do now is start on
our chicken breasts now I've got chicken
breasts here with the fat cut off er the
Tenderloin is removed if that tenderloin
is on the bottom make sure that's gone a
bit like
I showed you in the chicken parmigiana
video that I made you just want to slice
the chicken breasts all those to the end
and just bring that knife down and then
you just open it up like your butterfly
in the chicken now I'm doing this on a
layer of cling film and I'm gonna put
another layer of cling film over the top
I'm gonna use a meat mallet the smooth
side obviously and I'm just going to hit
that chicken and make it nice and thin
and spread it out and a little tip here
when you're using the meat mallet
instead of just hitting it down and
going straight down give it a forward
motion because you're actually hitting
it out and making it going out rather
than just making a big dip and then it's
not getting evenly spread on the sides
they don't worry about if it sort of
looks disjointed and there's bits there
and it's all out of shape it doesn't
matter because we're going to fix that
up when we start to roll up our chicken
they're in the center of the chicken I'm
gonna place that butter it's gonna meld
it up there and then I'm gonna fold the
chicken over the top and just keep
putting those chicken flaps over there
keep wrapping it up until you've got a
nice round ball and then again
underneath I put it between some cling
film and then I wrap it up and I twist
each side so I end up with a nice tight
round all so you'll have the top of the
chicken breast you'll have the
underneath where we've moved everything
and sort of tucked everything in that
butter and then I'm gonna place them
into the freezer for at least an hour
and what this will do is it will not
only firm up the butter inside that
chicken again but it will also help
shape the chicken Kiev and keep that
shape as well so while the chicken is in
the freezer you want to prep your
breading station and it's very very
simple we've got some plain flour with
some salt through it egg wash which is
just a couple of eggs and a dash of milk
and then for the crumb mixture I'm using
panko bread crumbs now I've used normal
bread crumbs in the past but I find the
crunch coating with the panko crumb is
just sensational I know they're a little
bit more expensive if you can get your
hands on them normal bread crumbs try to
use fresh bread crumbs will work just as
fine so
in an hour and now I'm going to place
our chicken in the flour coated on all
sides then into the egg wash and again
all sides very important and then
finally coat it in that panko crumb now
if you're after a thicker crumb you can
repeat this process once again and go
through and double-dip and get a double
coat if you want that's what you're
after this complete seal on the bottom
almost looks like it's manufactured and
it's been in the shops and someone has
done it on a machine it's nice and flat
and smooth on the bottom it's got that
nice round shape and there's no chance
of anything leaking out during the
cooking process so we cook it two ways
first of all we cook it in some oil with
deep fryer so bring the oil up to about
180 degrees or 350 Fahrenheit and I just
drop the chicken down and I want a nice
golden coating on the outside now this
step what the frying does it actually
seals everything on the outside a bit
like what we did in the freezer where
everything just sort of sets nicely the
deep-frying element does the same thing
and gives us that beautiful color and
that real crunch to it as well so bring
them out put them on some paper towel
and then I place them on a baking tray
or a baking dish and then pop them into
a preheated oven at 180 degrees Celsius
or 350 Fahrenheit now depending on the
size minor sort of a medium sized
chicken breast I cook these for 20 to 25
minutes now whatever you do don't stick
a probe in it don't check the
temperature of the chicken anything like
that because if you stick a hole in that
that butter is just gonna come oozing
straight out and the whole dish is
ruined
so between 20 and 25 minutes as I said
bring them out and leave them to rest I
keep saying this the most important part
of cooking anything is just leaving it
to rest leave it to rest for five to
seven minutes on the bench and all those
juices will contract that butter inside
will just be waiting to come out and
there you have it
look at that it is a thing of beauty you
can serve it with a salad you can serve
it with chips you can serve over there
there anything you want really mash but
by itself it is truly a stunning dish
and then it gets even better when you
cut straight into it have a look at that
it just bursts out and then you've
created this beautiful garlic butter
parsley sauce that is gonna go so well
with the chicken and that crumb is just
gorgeous so that the textures are there
the flavors are there everything is so
beautiful and I guarantee you it is
better hundred times better than
anything you get out-of-the-box pre-made
so please give this recipe a try it is
sensational if you're after the recipe
the link is in the description on my
website if you enjoyed this video give
it a thumbs up share it with your family
and friends and I hope you have an
amazing day would it be doing and I'll
see you soon for another recipe
[Music]