2011 this is my first insect though
after I had just finished it in 2013 one
of the guests was this Potter was
collecting clay needed to make this
beautiful face like nest the absolute
topper was this cuckoo was in April 2014
they deposit eggs in the nest of
solitary bees and wasps and these eggs
hatch quite soon immediately attack and
they start to eat on food supply larvae
of the host this is 2016 so after five
years and all those five years the mason
be possibly artefact is the most
commonly skinned bee species that the
hotel
depending on the depth of the tube they
make to about 10 root cells they fill
them with pollen a very busy laughing
and bringing in pollen because it one
egg make it closing it up and make a
next root cell
as you can see quite some bamboo princes
feet these are close by the bass beats
already it's quite busy we can see up to
ten mason beads at the single time and
it gets busier every year also depending
on the season you see different species
things up now because eight or nine
species on this insect hotel might have
seen my YouTube where I explain how to
build these things with 21 examples
still make them also to give away as a
present for friends lovely thing to do
as much face gates also need it because
it's still not an ideal situation for
the bees outside here it's still fine so
helping them with these be hotels is a
great thing through and a nice addition
your bath is hanging full in the Sun
maintenance is low every now and then I
eat the bamboo repeat but that's all I
did
of cleaning and this is the latest
edition in my god
the latest hotel that I make and also
after two weeks the mason beads are
flying no no okay
effing bye bye