the summer is that time of year for me
to kick back slow down a bit and enjoy
all of the hard work I've put into my
garden one of my favorite ways to do
this is to bring the dining experience
Outdoors to do this you have to be
willing to deal with some challenges the
weather being one and of course insects
now there's not much I can do about the
weather but when it comes to dealing
with some of those unwanted guests the
bugs I do have a safe and pleasant
defense and that's citronella citronella
is an aromatic oil that's derived from a
tropical grass which is a close cousin
to the same lemongrass that's so popular
in oriental foods as an oil it's long
been prized for its fragrance and insect
repelling qualities now you can use this
oil by burning it in torches like this
when lit the atmosphere they create is
perfect for outdoor in and
entertaining you can also use these
citronella candles they come in a
variety of sizes and containers this one
is put in a galvanized bucket for
placing in the garden the candle wax has
been blended with the same oil used in
the Torches and you have to admit these
votive citronella candles make an
enchanting addition to the dinner
table now once you get those bugs on the
Run dining al fresco can be even more
enjoyable and I've got some ideas on our
website that can make make it simple and
easy from the garden I'm Alan
Smith if you'd like more information on
this topic or any other gardening topic
just check out my website
pallensmith.com