hi I'm Dave throats trail gallery and
I'm going to show you how to cut a
straight line with a circular saw using
a really simple jig the jig is really
simple to make what I've done is just
taking a straight strip of plywood
screwed it to another piece of plywood
and I've already cut my jig to size and
how I did that was I know that from my
particular circular saw I need about
five inches so I had six inches of
overhang from my fence to the edge and
then simply ran my circular saw keeping
the edge of the foot to my fence so now
whenever I use this jig I'll actually do
is line up the cut edge to my cutting
marks on the new piece and I know I'm
gonna have a straight edge to work with
it's real simple to do and at this point
all we need to do is clamp down our
stock and I've done that already okay
I've already made a couple of marks on
my board to let me know where our cuts
gonna be and all I'm gonna do is going
to line those up and then just using
some clamps clamp our jig in place and I
always double check to make sure nothing
moved while we were clamping things down
the next thing I want to do is adjust my
blade height I just bring my saw over
loosen the foot and make the adjustment
till I get about a quarter of an inch of
blade sitting below my stock and then go
ahead and lock that down well lift our
blade guard and bring our the shoe of
the saw all the way against our fence at
this point we're ready to make our cut
once the blade stops we can go ahead and
set our saw down pull our jig off and we
have a nice square straight edge to work
with I'm Dave troll to tall gallery the
fine art of furniture making