today I'm going to show you this new
pillow that I got it's a ventilated
memory foam pillow from Comfort & Relax
it does have air cell technology I have
already tried it out it's very
comfortable so stay tuned this is the
comfort and relaxed ventilated memory
foam bed pillow it does feature ear cell
technology it comes with a little sweet
mask with it back and it has a removable
cover you can take a look at the pillow
itself and a little there I'm saying
that this pillow has kind of a medium
firmness to it this one is the standard
size which is 24 by 16 by 4 and a half
inches I feel some memory foam pillows
to be too firm this is a very good
amount of firmness or it you know once
you lay down it kind of cradles you but
that you don't want it too soft either
and squishes that you sink too far into
it I think this is the perfect
consistency I do like the fact that it's
not contoured I like the standard pillow
shape and with the memory foam you know
you can lay on it and it you know will
conform right to you know the shape of
your head whether you want to sleep on
your back or on your side it works
either way and it has Aircel gel fuel
under it has Aircel gel infused dual
side covers
as you can see here one side of the
pillow is 50% polyester and they say 50%
nice fabric
it's a silky fabric that's perfect for
summer sleeping while the other side is
I see it's 65% polyester and 35% tensile
which is supposed to be for winter so it
does respond to temperature and pressure
some people like myself actually tend to
get sweaty at night so they might prefer
to use the cool side all year this did
have you know a very slight odor when I
opened it but it dissipated you know
very quickly within a day so according
to comfort and relax this foam that's
used is they say certipure-us certified
for safety and performance it does not
contain any toxic ingredients like
formaldehyde methane chloride or PB de
and does provide a protective barrier
against allergens such as mold dust
mites and other bacteria I think this is
a really nice pillow nice firmness very
soft and comfortable I love the the dual
signs with the the temperature you know
you can remove this cover very easily to
wash I think this is a really nice one
please be sure to check the description
section below for more information on
this pillow and we always appreciate any
likes or comments or subscription to our
page thanks very much for watching
you