I'll starting with four pieces of 12
will apply first thing to do is to make
a t-square take one of my longer
sections use a tri square to make sure
it's accurately positioned then I'll
change the t-square into an 8 square by
adding a piece on the other end now I
want to put the other rail on and for
that I'll space it with the guide bushes
when it comes to using it just clamp the
fence against the board you want the
groove in I've put some wax on the
surface of the rails here just to help
the router base slide more easily and
then I've pre run into the side rail
here with the size of cutter that I want
and then I can use that cut to line up
precisely with the marking out lines for
the groove so there you have it a guide
to use with your router and a guide Bush
for cutting straight lines des those
slots etc very useful
please take a moment to like comment and
subscribe and follow me on social media
to see extra clips and photos from the
webshop