hi my name is Carrie Badham and I'm
delighted to show used a our brand new
dinosaur cutter set this is the Cape
we've made to demonstrate the dinosaur
large tap it so we have the dinosaur on
top which we allow to dry completely and
we've supported it with some lolly
sticks and some royal icing as you can
see here we've got one up in the sky and
then we've attached the other ones and
then we have the dinosaur feet we've
also got on here this is one of the
brand new elements set and this one as
you can see is the grass the dinosaurs
also fit perfectly on top of a cupcake
so we have the five dinosaurs and the
dinosaur fit the pace we recommend you
use is modeling paste you can make this
yourself here we are using the rainbow -
Tyler and it's in powder form paste a
little bit on our work map and we need
the fondant into it
you'll feel the paste start to stiffen
up
once it's all needed in you can use a
quarter of a teaspoon to 250 grams but I
just like to make it up as I go along
now I would wrap this in clean film pop
it in an airtight container and leave it
for at least 30 minutes it's quite nice
to meet the day before so it's ready to
use the following day here's our two
large tablets and you can see the
different dinosaurs on the top here the
one that we're going to make now is this
one here here's my modelling pace I
rolled it out earlier I like to do this
because I like to have a dry top don't
want it too thick so replace our tap it
on top slide it around and you can fill
your mat underneath that way you know
your pace isn't too thick remove the
excess and then I go over with my finger
so the embossing shows really nicely and
you can either pop this through with a
soft brush or you can just flick it a
little back surface we're going to
decorate our dinosaur so here we're
using the essential shape
tap them out and I'm just using water to
attach them some people like to use
edible glue but if you're using modeling
paste once you pop water on it will
activate the tire though that we put in
earlier and make it glue anyway so now
we're going to decorate the spine of our
dinosaur
so here issue play sure we only need the
top part so we don't need to cut it out
completely but you can if you want to
place it on top this is we did earlier
remove the excess come out nice and easy
and then what I did was I just cut off
the little spiky bits and then we
attached them all individually to our
dinosaur again attaching them with water
stuck to my finger
now we're going to cut out some little
toes and the eye so again we place our
dinosaur cutter on top and we only want
the eye fallen out of the cutter so I'm
going to press that with my finger and
then I'm going to remove this section
here so for the feet all I did was take
a tiny piece of fondant in this or
modeling paste in the same color
slightly smaller and you can either make
two small balls if you want to pop the
little line down the middle and then
place them on
it's very warm here today so they keep
sticking to my fingers and then repeat
it again for the second firm as you can
see here we've got a little black dot in
the eye so you can either use some black
modeling paste but what I've used is a
edible pam but you need to make sure
that this is completely dry before
you're applying it say we have a little
bit on this one already or you would
simply do you just color it in and if
you want to you can give a little
eyebrow or you can give eyelashes it's
entirely up to you
now we're going to make the dinosaur
foot space your large tap it on top of
the modeling clay slide it round so you
can feel them out underneath remove the
excess and then use your finger just to
ensure the embossing so there we have
our dinosaur fur to decorate it we're
going to use the essential shapes and
I've used the third circle down you need
to at least you can if you want to or
you could put the number of a child's
birthday on there as well that'd be
quite a nice idea
on here you can see this is one that we
did earlier and if you want to again
just as we deal with the dinosaur you
can place the cutter on top and you can
cut out and make the claws in an
alternative color thank you for watching
we hope you enjoyed our video for our
brand new dinosaur large tap it cutter
set