hi I'm Claire from the kitchen kitchen
and this is 10 second living where I
show you how to do practically anything
in 10 seconds or less today I'm going to
show you how to make vegan ice cream
which sounds like an oxymoron because
cream is at the heart of ice cream but
you can make really delicious vegan ice
cream by turning a vegan pudding into an
ice cream that's how you get that creamy
rich texture and the base of this is
going to be almond milk and I'm using
today almond breeze vanilla unsweetened
almond milk and I love this stuff has a
really great flavor and the unsweetened
aspect of it means that I can sweeten
this as much as I want so it gives me a
lot of control which is fantastic so
what I have here are my 3 cups of the
vanilla unsweetened almond milk a little
bit of vanilla just one teaspoon a pinch
of salt 2 teaspoons of dried lavender
flowers a tablespoon of Earl Grey tea 1
tablespoon of kuzu starch if you can't
find this kuzu starch can be found at
like health food stores or online and
then 2 tablespoons of arrowroot powder
this is also a natural thickener and
then 1/2 cup of white sugar so today I'm
making Earl Grey
lavender vegan ice cream I cannot wait
it's going to taste really good so let's
get started
combine all of the ingredients except
for the kuzu bring the mixture to a
simmer and infuse mix them liquid with
the kuzu add it to the rest and stir
until it thickens chill an add to an ice
cream machine
the vegan ice cream looks great I have
to give it a try
a really delicious I love the flavor of
Earl Grey and lavender together it's
just so soothing and wonderful
especially with something like this
creamy almond milk it's so good and the
trick with ice cream especially vegan
ice cream or sorbet where you want it to
have a creamy texture is to make sure
you get the ice cream as hard as
possible in the ice cream maker before
you put it into the freezer if you do
that you'll get a really tight crystal
structure and that means you're going to
get a creamy scoop every single time for
the recipe make sure to check out the
description below my blog the kitchen
kitchen calm and almond breeze calm