this is a Lukas a signature five and a
half quart dutch oven
sometimes referred to as a traditional
French it's an essential piece of
cookware in every home because of its
versatility today I'm going to cook
short ribs now to get started I'm going
to heat the pan to the looking brownish
organs we're going to let that pan get
nice and hot so that when we add the oil
we're ready to brown the ribs while the
pan is heating up I'm going to season
the ribs with a little bit of kosher
salt and fresh cracked black pepper will
now add oil to the hot pan and we have
that ripple effect which means that the
oil is nice and hot and ready to add the
ribs so I'm going to add the ribs fat
side down
that searing sound means that the pan is
nice and hot
and it's going to show that we get a
nice crust on those ribs we don't want
to overfill the pan so that they will
Brown properly once the ribs have relief
from the pan we're going to turn it over
and brown it on the second side
the nice thing about the Lister's day is
it lights and interior allows us to
monitor the Browning process these are
cooked perfectly
we'll remove them from the oven and we
will saute our vegetables first we'll
add the onions
and him just for a minute so that
they softened up
we'll now add the carrots and allow them
to caramelize briefly bringing out the
natural sugars of the kara at this point
we'll add the chopped garlic and cooking
it just until we can smell the garlic
we'll add a few tablespoons of tomato
paste and we'll cook that until the
tomato paste rounds
we're now going to add flour and we're
going to let that flour cook out so we
get a really nice roux
we cook out the flour so we don't get
that raw flour taste and the fun starts
to develop on the bottom of the pan
which is going to give us that nice
flavor during the braising process we're
now going to deglaze the pan with red
wine stirring the vegetables as we add
that so they'll thicken nicely smells
wonderful
and we'll also add some beef stock to
that as well we're going to add the ribs
back to the pan
and we're going to cover it with a lid
and we're going to put it in the oven
for about an hour and a half so they get
nice and tender cast iron is perfect for
slow cooking because of the heat
distribution and the heavy lid holds in
the flavor and the moisture this whole
thing can go in the oven because the
knob is heat resistant up to 500 degrees
it's been about hour hour and a half and
our short ribs are ready
I'm going to serve the short ribs with
polenta I'm dishing this up in the
kitchen but the liquor say is so
beautiful this could go right to the
table top