[Music]
I'm thinking stairs fingers can be a
little intimidating but it's not that
hard if you have the right tools the
hardest part is figuring out the rise to
tread ratio I have a link right here it
has the formula you can also buy a
calculator that will do that for you
make that task a lot easier you'll need
a good speed square that's made for
laying our strikers like this
Swanson big 12 these stringers are going
to be for a dick it's going to be
outside so I'm using pressure-treated 2
by 12 first thing on my boobs make sure
the crown is up
Brown is simply the highest part of the
wood when you have it standing on two
axis like this
for Easterners I was hoping to get a 7
to 1/2
can't read
but
this space that I have not built a
hitman so I had to adjust it down to
seven a quarter
can you adjust the rise the anguish
a quarter inch for this job is going to
get rid of 36 degrees
thirty-six degrees
take this big t square here and flush it
with the each square just a bill check
and follow through on this line it's
looking pretty good that's where the
attachments at X going to do I want to
make sure that's going to be leveled
with the steps
you can also use a carpenter's square to
lay these out
for these stringers I need for trends
according to Swanson's Blue Book that
came with the speed square I'm using you
should avoid going more than eight and a
quarter inch rise or less than nine inch
wide tread and keep the angle of the
stairs between 34 and 37 degrees
cutting the marks out is easy enough
just remember not to cut beyond the
lines with your circular saw stop short
just before the end of your mark and
finish it off with a jigsaw handsaw or
in this case a sawzall over cut marks
will weaken your stringers and they are
unsightly
the ideal rise for each riser is seven
and a half inches for the tread it's ten
inches
when you get to the bottom riser measure
down the equal distance of the riser in
this case seven two quarter inches and
use the proper side of the square to get
the parallel mark for the bottom of the
last tread the goal is to make each step
rise equally from the bottom to the top
make sure you have at least four inches
right here from the bottom of the
stringer to where the tread and riser
meet have to have at least four we have
a little over five so it's looking good
now that I got the first one done I can
use this pattern and just transfer onto
the next one
we're going to need three of these
because my stairs are going to be more
than 36 inches wide but I'll show you a
way to use the pieces we cut out to make
the third one and it's straight out the
Swanson blue book
and now that it's done you can take this
other stringer hold up next to it to
compare it's right on the money
what's really good my stairs are going
to be 48 inches wide anything over 36
you're going to need another stringer
I got a 10-footer make these two it's
not enough to make a third even if it
was 12 feet it wouldn't be enough to
make a third so what I'm going to do is
take this 2 by 6 and use some of these
cut out pieces and screw them in I've
already pre-drilled these and what I'll
do is hold them up next to this other
stringer and just line them up Oriana
proper way screw them in trim them down
they need to be trimmed
ok I've trained the board down so it's
even with the stringer both sides we're
just going to set these in place make
sure they start evenly and we're simply
going to line them up with the other
ones are screwing down
now handle - up so that I know the front
is going to be even I know that Hannity
in basically the same place and they can
always turn this back down if you want
it to fit perfectly you can trim the
bottom
now we have a third stringer and it's a
lot cheaper than buying another few by
12 and finally I'm just going to check
it for flush and level right here
because I know this is flush and I know
my floors level it's looking a real good
right there
just another triple check with the speed
square it's right on the money straight
where it needs to be
[Music]