there's a good chance that you could
have mold mildew fungus dry rot and even
moss growing on wood if it's located
outside of your house in an area where
it is shady for most of the day now
you're not going to find this in dry
climates but you will find it in humid
climates this of course is about 200
yards from the beach and of course you
can see where some of the sunlight is
actually hitting the ground and part of
the patio cover there or the patio wall
but it isn't hitting the wood so this is
probably why we've got the mold or the
moss whatever that is and again I can't
make it out for sure growing on the wood
I'm going to give you a better picture
here and zoom in to give you a better
idea what you're looking at but keep one
thing in mind something like this could
lead to wood rot eventually and more
than likely it would lead to some type
of damage get it fixed as soon as you
can head down to your local home
improvement center or lumber yard and
see if they have anything that will
clean this type of mold like I said mold
or moss off of the wood and then monitor
the area to make sure that it doesn't
come back do not paint over the mold
because that will just end up trapping
the mold or the mildew underneath your
layer of paint and it'll probably just
come back clean the area as good as you
can before you paint over it monitor
this area you know if you have a problem
like this check it out regularly to make
sure that it isn't coming back it isn't
creating a problem and of course if it
is then you might need to seek
professional assistance contact a
contractor or someone who
can do something about it one more thing
I would like to point out is that if you
notice in the corner where the post is
sitting on top of the concrete it looks
like there's some type of a plant or
even moss growing up onto that something
like this should be removed you
shouldn't have any plants or moss mildew
bacteria fungus anything touching the
wood or really near it
we've been nice to have it at least two
inches away that would be the minimum
that I would recommend however you could
end up having problems with it if it's
as close to six inches so other than
that you know keep watching our videos
and we appreciate any comments you guys
have to make