living things we love about summer is
the rush after that you can get it at
farmers market and during the winter we
often times that our Christmas parties
like to have those trays with the
pickles and the olives and the people of
Oprah and so today we're gaining some of
our own of her where people at yet and
you look at a candid for you steering
the holiday parties we already have a
couple of things together like what the
okra we've already be steamed it we also
have already cut up our bread Chili's
and our garlic up there and then Holly
tell us what you're doing right there
well to make the juice for the pickles I
have put in three cups of water I'm
going to add in three cups of vinegar so
that's happening
and we also are going to have a third of
an assault and a 2 teaspoons of dual sea
and we're just gonna bring this to a
boil over on the stove
to the car and while the juice is
cooking we're going to start filling our
jars if you did a lot of canning just
they got here is a great gadget to
invest in this is instead of jar tongs
you can use regular tools however
whatever it's really really hot and
you're doing with these jars and going
daughter oftentimes they're slick and
ready folks homes just to do the trip
that you need able to get that time for
us we've lost a couple of jars down a
big board to be able to get these out
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
the Oprah that we've got at the farmers
market and you have already steel we're
going to start
our jars
what's great about it is at the end of
the season at the farmers market they
start selling these little baby
Oprah which are perfect for cleaning and
gonna put one of the pepper pieces in
there as well as some garlic just start
doing this jar and hollyhock will do we
do this
space
you know and have a funnel but
at the Linnaean you don't have to be
quite as precise making sure getting
into that mouth with a jar also not as
much / that you don't get far
it's measure this
and what the seeds floating at the top
it makes it kind of easy to put them in
ripple from the pin over into the charge
to make sure that there's some in each
of the chars you want this little stick
you just won't work around and make sure
you get all the air bubbles out
another one of our cool gadgets that
came in our set was this little
magnetized stick to get the lids out of
your hot water that way you're not
burning the hands off
so unlike some of these things for you
let it sit for a couple of minutes being
cool you go ahead and put the lid on it
and the ring so the depth will be ready
first of all after this step what would
we do we replace these in the canner and
lower in the can iraq lower it and level
process under bowling water for 15
minutes thank you so much for joining us
for our keaney episode on pickled okra
and i hope that you enjoyed it and
have any more questions you can let us
know you can visit our website to find
out any more information now what were
you saying about storing these once they
cool down and the top pops and creates a
vacuum seal you take the band off and
store it in the pantry for up to a year
you probably want to let this cure for
about four to six weeks before you crack
into them and start eating them now what
happens if they don't seal it down if
they don't seal what you're going to
want to do is instead of storing this in
your pantry you're going to put it in
your refrigerator and store it that way
and start eating all this as early as
you want thanks very much
have a great evening
you
a lot of the tools that we use came in
this handy-dandy little package here and
this is maple ball and it's the utensil
set for obtaining doing preserves and
everything and as we talked about
throughout this video this penguin of
course the funnel and then the measuring
stick bubbleman's overhead space tool is
what this is actually called it measures
the space at the top of your jar as well
as the end part of it you can use to
make this stuff around in your chart yet
weird upbeat
the XS cater this of course is for
Jarvis very handy dandy little and then
this is your magnetic Liang lifter
because your lids have to do a role in
hot water nothing till the time you
place it onto your jar and so it makes
it really hard to get those things out
of there without you can burn this
handy-dandy little gadget right here
does that for you it's a great set well
worth the investment if you are kind of
doing quite a bit of canning this can be
found at Walmart Target and it runs for
about seven dollars so it's not a very
expensive investment but well worth it
check it out I'm sure you get this
online too