now let's talk about the care and
maintenance of your flute talked about
the hand position where to put the hands
and how to put the flute together so
let's talk about how to keep the flute
in good working order one of the things
that you should do is make sure that
your hands are clean when you get ready
to play the fleet also make sure that
you haven't eaten right before you play
and never eat while I'm away water is
okay make sure that as you place your
hands on the flute that you're not
resting on the rods of the flute make
sure that your hand position is such
that only your fingers are touching the
keys or resting in the proper places in
your hands this will help with the
adjustment of the flute the more the one
rests our fingers on the rods it will
cause the flute to go out of addressing
and quicker even with good care and
maintenance of the flute the flute will
go out of adjustment periodically this
is normal make sure that you take the
flute in to a good repairmen at least
once a year maybe even twice and
whenever you start to feel that there
are leaks in the flute this is normal if
you feel like you're starting to have to
push extra hard on the keys to make a
note come out odds are there is a leak
somewhere at that point make sure that
you take it into a repairmen and have a
fixed if you don't it will cause the
flute to get more out of adjustment and
also cause bad problems in your hand
position by having to push harder on the
flute which then causes more problems if
you keep your food clean and a good
adjustment it will last you for many
years to come
you