[Music]
hi I'm Eric Watson at Watson's hat shop
in historical Cave Creek Arizona here at
Watson's hat shop we make fine tailored
custom hats to any style today I'm going
to show you how to clean a genuine furf
felt hat the first step that we do
because we have a lot of ranchers and
cowboys that really wear these hats um
we take them outside and we want to
clean as much dust off of them as we can
then from there we bring them back
inside we use
steam moisture and a series of technique
with different brushes to actually clean
the dirt out of the felt we want to get
deep down into the felt as best as we
can and uh just want to go with the nap
of the hat so that uh we don't don't
ruin the hat and we don't use any
chemicals at all because 120 years ago
they didn't use chemicals to clean hats
um they use pretty much natural
processes and uh genuine FF felt hats if
they're really high quality they do hold
up really well and they clean up very
well for a long time so especially pure
Beaver furf being the best uh because of
all the microscopic barbs that lock into
each other
um during the felt making process makes
those hats one of the best hats that you
can get um this one here is actually
just regular genuine fur Fel which is
European hair rabbit fur Fel and uh so
it's it's still a decent hat but it's
not good as good as a pure Beaver furf
felt hat so we want to take uh a cloth
here I have a called a secret sauce a
special solution it's actually uh
organic and um so it's no chemical so
it's not going to hurt anything at all
and we have the Hat here and we just
want to lightly apply this to the felt
and uh we want to heat it up really hot
with this steam iron here and uh we just
want to work it
in uh so we have a nice beautiful
natural
finish on the
felt so now that we used our special
solution to put on the for the finish of
the Hat we're actually just going to
steam it and brush it just kind of work
it in there a little bit into the felt
open up the pores of the felt so that uh
it just kind of holds in
there and uh you can see that the hat is
much cleaner
and it has a nice finish on
it just as it would of the day that it
was bought
so that is exactly how to clean a felt
hat I'm Eric Watson with Watson's hat
shop and remember if you're unsure of
anything about how to clean a hat always
consult a
professional thank you and have a good
day