[Music]
hey everyone Tony Delorenzo here and my
beautiful wife Alisa we just got done
running our first 5k as a family it was
a cold wet rainy day and so we are
starving and we're going to make an
apple cinnamon oatmeal so here we go I'm
going to let Alisa take it away and I'm
going to just hold the camera and you
guys can watch what's going on okay so
I've got two cups of water um that I'm
going going to bring to a boil right now
I am just using my handy hamper check
chapper I'm chapping up two um apples we
use organic apples in our family um
apples are one of those foods that are
on the dirty D and list in terms of
pesticides and whatnot so I always buy
organic if you don't know what the dirty
dozen is just look it up online it's
it's more of your thin
thin skinned fruits like cherries and
strawberries what are some of the
vegetables on there um oh goodness I
always refer to my notes so here here's
our two cups of water
and two apples chopped up right now and
at least we're going to bring those to a
boil one more
time and like I said we just came back
from our run
so our daughter's in the background
screaming because she can't hear over
the chopper so I'm just putting the
apples in there I'm going to do now do
we bring those to a boil we are going to
bring it to a boil I also have cinnamon
um I like a lot of cinnamon so I just I
tend to be liberal with it so I just
kind of put it in there cuz it's all
going to get mixed
in this Stu is really good good you guys
and this is an easy alternative to those
um little handy packets of instant
oatmeal which are just D with sugar it's
more sugar than it ismeal than oatmeal
um little sprinkle
salt sprinkle a little we learned
something the other night because we we
went out and ended up looking at one of
the menu items and the menu item that we
were looking at
had
3,000 m
of sodium and that equates to basically
about one teaspoon mhm so realize when
you are adding salt to what you are
eating you you need to be careful and
very careful when you go out and look at
processed foods and I love to say this
we were out to eat at California Pizza
Kitchen they have a phenomenal nutrition
guide yeah they so as you're shop as
you're choosing your menu items so this
is going to come to a boil I have a cup
of oatmeal here um that once that comes
to a boil I will mix in we're going to
let it cook for about 5 minutes and then
we'll be ready to enjoy all right guys
we'll see you here once this is to a
boil and ready to show you
more all right here we are the apples
cinnamon little bit of salt is all come
to a boil and now we're adding just a
cup of
oatmeal going to stir this in and this
makes this makes enough for both Alisa
and I have two good plate bowls fulls
this is hearty oh yeah um typically when
we would do the instant packets how long
do we leave that for um I usually cook
it 5 to 7 minutes it's more um a
personal preference let's put on our
timer five minutes because you know
everybody's got their preference in
terms of consistency with
oatmeal so how long you put that down
for 5 so we'll check it at 5 yeah um the
thing is when we would eat the instant
packets I would have to
eat usually two packets to feel like I
was getting full um and with this you
saw that we didn't add any extra sugars
it's all just the natural sugars coming
from the apple and if you like it a
little more cinnamony add a little more
cinnamon I don't know if that's a word
but then just I turned my heat down to
low and I'm just stirring it while the
oatmeal absorbs the water and thickens
up so
we'll so that's the next stage and we'll
get back to you
when our 5 minutes are up and show you
what it looks
like okay guys we are coming up to the
end of our 5 minutes and so here it is I
want you to see that move your hand Lisa
so that's it see that's real apple
cinnamon oatmeal look at those nice
chunks of Apple so the other thing too
with this is that this is a breakfast
that you can make um you can be in the
kitchen getting kids breakast breakfast
ready you think you don't have time I
make this when you know the kids ask for
a hot breakfast I just get everything
going I'm making lunches getting their
backpacks packed and they still get to
have a healthy nutritious
breakfast so we're going to just plate
this
here and we're going to show you this is
what this makes this is how big of a pie
of
bloated there's there's our boy alex who
just ran the 5K with us too kid kicked a
butt so I got two full plates of oatmeal
and then if you want to add a little
protein Source you can add some uh we're
doing cashews raw
cashews and you can also do some almonds
you can do whatever you want so I
recommend the protein so that you've got
a balanced meal yep but this this is
Hardy this will take us through for a
few hours now yep
so we just want wanted to share with you
a fantastic oatmeal that we love we hope
you guys enjoy it until next time have a
fantastic day