this is how to adjust the brakes on your
bmax
bike first thing you probably want to do
if your brakes aren't working very well
is try and mess around with this thing
so what you do is if you if your brakes
aren't if they're not tight enough you
need to tighten them you screw this out
that way like so and then you tighten
you tighten that down but if they're if
they're too tight and you want them
looser then you screw this out and then
you screw that back in to make them
looser so that's how it works on the
brake lever so on this one you twist
this that you twist it this way to
tighten it and then if you want to
loosen it you twist it that way and then
you there's a little bolt right here and
you just tighten that when you're
done if the other two adjustments don't
work then what you're going to want to
do is take this this bolt right here out
and then pull this cable further through
so that it the brakes will be tighter or
looser depending on what you want and
then you just you just slide it through
um forward or backward depending if you
want tighter or looser brakes yeah and
then you tighten up the nut again