hi everyone come join us and so this
week I'm going to show you how to make
this bouquet of strawberry roses needs
to be a perfect gift for your mom for
Mother's Day or even as a graduation
present
so let's get started
so first you want to wash the
strawberries well and stick them onto
the lollipop sticks so that the leaves
are on the bottom and the ends are
pointing upwards and cutting the ends of
the volley pop sticks into points with
scissors really makes this a lot easier
when slicing the strawberries keep in
mind not to fully slice down and ensure
that you only slice about 3/4 of the way
downward to keep the petals attached so
make four vertical slices on the bottom
half of the strawberries and gently fan
them out
then make four more slices halfway up
the strawberries and slice them so that
they'll fill in the spaces between the
lower petals take a look at your roses
and at any extra slices if you feel like
it's necessary then place a piece of
styrofoam into the base of Avadh and
today I'm using a white teapot they
begin to stick the roses into the
styrofoam and trim any lolipop sticks if
you'd like to make them shorter
stow your bouquet in the fridge until
you're ready to give them as a present
and you're done so thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed it as usual
please share and please subscribe and
you guys went crazy with the likes on
the piggy cake video so I will do a
tutorial on the cupcake that I showed at
the end and it should be up in a few
weeks or so and next one is I'm gonna be
posting another video as part of another
collab so keep posted for that and I
love you guys and I'll see you next week
bye