[Music]
what's up guys Fusion Droid here and
welcome to another video and today I got
a pretty sweet mod and I think you can
already see what this mod is all about
so it is some Hoppers and also I have
another mod added so there's two mods in
this one video and that's because it
adds some dispens
and some other things as well which I'll
show you guys so this was supposed to
actually go out yesterday but when I was
going to go ahead and record my mic was
playing up and I had some difficulties
so I do apologize for that but I I got
it working and it's fixed now so yeah
let's go ahead and jump straight into
this awesome mod all right guys so to
actually get these items the hopper and
the dispenser and all the other stuff
pretty much just go into the to many
items mod if you guys don't have that
I'll just leave a link in the
description so search the item uh but
don't search Hopper because it won't
exist uh for the hopper you actually
have to search f u n i l and I think
that is a Spanish word for Hopper please
correct me if I'm wrong I only know one
word in Spanish and that is Ola which
means hello so yeah so after searching
that pretty much just go onto the iron
sword and you should see it right there
and you can go ahead and add it to your
inventory just like a that and now if
you want to search for the uh dispenser
pretty much you just search it so you
can just shorten it just gu just doing
that this or something like that and go
on the Redstone and you should see it
right there now click on the fourth one
and it should have like that little hole
face which a normal dispenser looks like
and the others I have no idea what that
is but I'm just going to go ahead and
add that one so as you can see added
into our Hopper now if you guys don't
know what a hopper does pretty much you
drop some items in this Hopper and it
goes down into the chest so you can make
a farm which I have over here and I'll
show you guys it is pretty cool these
are coming in obviously 0.14 so this is
kind of like a little alternative I
guess you could say so yeah okay so this
chest right here has nothing in it but
when we actually go ahead and place some
diamonds will actually drop them check
this out so I'm going to drop some items
hopefully I can do this first try there
we go as you can see where did my
diamonds go as you can see it is in the
chest just like that so it works the
same way as PC and uh as as I said
before it's coming in 0.14 so this is
kind of like a little way you can try
things with this uh awesome mod so you
don't actually need it on top of the
chest you can do it from the side either
way so this way this way or this way and
as you can see it has a diamond hole in
it no diamonds at all and and now if I
go ahead and just go like this hold down
on the item to drop it and that that
kind of failed because it didn't
actually land on top of it so make sure
it does and as you can see there we go
it disappeared and it is now in the
chest so these Hoppers are really really
useful in uh kind of making a farm so
let me just switch to creative and I'll
show you guys what I built here so as
you can see I have the hoppets here and
down here I have the chests and I kind
of had to do it like a little zigzag
because you can't actually have two at
once because they'll turn into a double
chest so that's why I did that so check
this out so all of these are going to go
down to the chest and actually before I
show you guys this let me just switch to
uh survival just so I can show you guys
this so nothing is in that chest nothing
no oh there's actually a chicken in
there not too sure why uh nothing and
there's nothing so as you can see the
the chests are pretty much empty besides
one which has a chicken in it not too
sure why it does uh okay so as you can
see we're going to go ahead and all this
stuff is going to go into the Hoppers
and check this out so just destroy this
and as you can oh a little bit of lag
there but as you can see these are going
down straight to the hopper and some
kind of Miss I guess so yeah as you can
see only like four is remaining and now
if I switch to survival it should be in
our chest chest so as you can see right
there we got these items in our chest
which is really really cool so you don't
need to you know collect it uh by
yourself you can just use this to
automatically go into a chest and I
think it's just really really cool so
that's one way you can use these Hoppers
and I think that is really really sick
so the next one is a dispenser now
dispensers you can for this mod you can
only put uh as you can see I have a
chest over here and it has some arrows
you can also Place some bottle of
enchanting eggs and I think there's one
more so that's what you can do and as
you can see I kind of set this up and
check this out as you can see it's going
to throw an arrow at it it's going to
shoot it at these cows and um I think
they do eventually die so we can just
Spam it just like that as you can see
that one just died over there so that is
pretty cool and I just remembered that
you can also Place pumpkins in this so
check this out this is going to be an
iron golem in a few seconds
just like that check that out that is
insane so as you can see in this chest
right here I actually have some pumpkins
make sure they're actually in Stacks if
they aren't in Stacks they're not going
to do anything I don't think so yeah
with also this dispens here with the
arrows if I was to just have one Arrow I
don't think it's going to shoot anything
let me go ahead and try that uh cuz I
don't actually remember so here we go so
I'm going to place one arrow and see if
it fires
oh it actually does okay so never mind
what I
said but uh I think sometimes it does
need Stacks because before I do remember
that it didn't actually shoot when I
just placed one in there but this one
actually worked that's pretty cool so
also with the Hoppers you can place them
all around the chest and it's going to
work the same way so as you can see the
chest is empty right now and I'm going
to drop my arrows from let's go from the
front side so I'm going to drop it from
the front side and check this out it's
going to do the same thing uh so as you
can see there we go it's in the chest
and if I do it from the back side so the
first one was the front side and now the
back side as you can see it's going to
work also with the left and the right so
I just found that pretty cool this is
one interesting mod and epic and it also
includes some slime blocks uh command
blocks which I'll show you guys in the
inventory right here as you can see
there is a command block which has a few
commands also sticky pist and pistons
and of course the slime blocks which I
just said before so I mean this mod is
pretty much 0.4 in a way so it's a
little alternative you guys can go ahead
and try this amazing mod for yourself
and uh as always I'll leave a link in
the description below for all these mods
in this video and if you guys enjoyed
make sure to drop a like and leave a
comment below and I'll see you guys in
the next one peace see you
[Music]
on