H in the plamber again I'm sure a lot of
you have got this problem or had it one
time or another uh and this is a toilet
pan being blocked up um now I know a lot
of times you'd see if you got a blockage
because all would come up and maybe even
go over the top but a lot of times it
just comes up a short way and then drops
back and you might think that there's
nothing wrong but there is actually a
block if that happens like this and I'll
show
you
see that coming up there now you can see
that is blocked don't think it's not
blocked because it's going to drop away
in a minute which it will do it does
mean it's blocked and you will have to
sort something out before it gets too
bad now the easiest route to start and
see if you can clear um the this type of
thing is to plunge the pan now I've got
a set of drain rods here see if you can
borrow a set of these if you can from a
friend who might have some or at the
very worst you can actually try a mop
down there with the loose floppy ends to
see if it will plunge it so now if you
look at the water in the pan you'll see
that it's dropped right below which
means it's sucking sucking air and it's
pulling it down it is more lightly
blocked way down in the drain I think
but always easiest method to begin with
is to plunge it first so I always put
the plunger rod on the drain Rod I see
to permanently leave this one on and
then we'll give it a plunge and see if
this works first this is the first thing
you must try it's the easiest then if
this do work they will we'll go down to
the drain so going to flush it now then
we do the plunge right
[Music]
that keep B going be a good
plunge and see if we can get
it it going to the water drops and you
know you pushed as much down as you can
okay let it go now we got to wait a
minute for the system to fill up and
we'll get another flush and see if we'
had any luck if it doesn't go now don't
bother trying anymore it means that the
drain is blocked outside so we're just
going to give that a minute to fill up
now going to give it a flash now just to
see if our plunger has done the job if
this fills up again now we know we' got
to go down to the drain so we
go no it hasn't done the job as you can
see it's still back up this means that
our blockage is now way down outside so
now we got to try and find a manol and
we'll see if we can find a manol cover
it either be the back of your property
or at the front one or the other you
should have a man all cover either end
of the property so we now got to go down
and find our our main drains well good
people uh I'm in the garage and uh
there's our saw stack coming from
upstairs where our pan is blocked um it
comes down here and and there is
actually a cover down there of salts but
it's under all this rubbish um but I'm
not going to go for that one because
I've I've now seen that there is another
one outside yeah this is the one here um
I think this is the best one to get up
it's just outside the garage um and I
think this is could be where our problem
is so I'm going to lift this one up now
and have a
look well we found our problem um here
it is look down this Mano we're pretty
full up uh that means we're blocked from
here into the road somewhere there's a
blockage so we're going to use these
drying BS I'm going to show you how to
put these together uh and we'll have a
GU clearing this one out now I like to
use the plunger not everybody does some
people like to use the skewer there is a
skewer one that fits on there but I like
to put a bit of back pressure up I
sometimes find that that that does clear
it so I'm going to go for this first
always when you fit these rods on make
sure they're very tight onto the onto
the rod cuz you don't want them coming
loose so I always grip them up open the
grips up a bit more to make sure they're
tight cuz you don't want these coming
off in the drain otherwise you are well
and truly in
there because uh if you lose it in the
drain you're going to have to get a
drain comany up there to try and fish
them out so tighten them right up make
sure it doesn't come off and get your
next one on
okay your next rod
on and
again tighten him up make sure he's
tight
now as long as you turn the rods that
way and clockwise clockwise Direction um
they won't unscrew but don't ever turn
rods the other way because you could
unscrew the rod then you'll end up with
your rods stuck down the drain and
you'll be dead trouble then so whenever
you use rods if you got a handle on the
end always turn them in a clockwise
Direction okay so now I've got to see if
we can find the drain so I'm just going
to put these two on for now let see if I
can find where the hole is I can find it
y I think I've got in there yeah got in
there so we'll stick another rod
on this is the hardest bit fishing
around for the hole so once we've got
that put another rod
on get him down there and he starting to
pull now I try to pull it back and
forward see if I can work that suction
up if I can get a suction going she
might well go so I can feel it pulling
on it can you see that pulling on there
and I think it's going to go I think
let's have a
look yep there she
goes there we go that's a bit of suction
on the rod it's a little trick I've
learned over the years it usually does
pull it down I think it's going to carry
on and go and uh there you are she's all
clear um I've switched straight to this
view of it being cleared because uh you
wouldn't have wanted to see what was at
the bottom going through it would have
put you off your dinner so there we are
cuz I talking about drains I'll just
switch up to the toilet in a minute to
show you now that when it flushes it it
goes down properly and is not sucked or
anything at all like that so we'll go up
there and I'll do that next just to show
you the Finish thing but this in actual
fact is
it right we're back at the toilet pan
now and um just going to flush it now
show that this is how it should
[Applause]
be and as you can see there's no suck in
there now at all um and it's just
resuming its level which is about an
inch from that bend there and and you
can see that's quite normal now if it's
flashing like that afterwards you know
the block is completely and utterly
cleared there's no more down there uh
and that's about it so thanks again for
watching uh D and 33 for loads of stuff
loads of videos on mine on how to do
things thanks for
watching