hey that is how you do end date from
coke and chair here today we're making
up this super delicious Oreo milkshake
and to make things super exciting we're
doing a giveaway of a $20 Starbucks gift
card all you have to do is comment on
this video and make sure you like and
subscribe and the lucky winner will be
announced March 3rd so let's get started
I'm gonna get started here by adding
three large scoops of vanilla ice cream
to my blender followed by 3/4 of a cup
of milk and about ten of those ever so
yummy Oreo cookies then we're gonna
simply pop the top on and pulse this for
somewhere in the neighborhood of about
30 seconds to a minute while we're
pulsing here hit that subscribe button
yeah that one right there because you
don't want to miss a video
now that is blended nicely and the
Orioles are all broken up and it's real
milk shaky like I'm going to go ahead
and pour this into a glass eye prize to
my glass in the freezer for a couple of
hours just was really cold put some
whipped cream over the top
some crushed Orioles and there you have
it our Oriole milkshake believe me I can
hardly wait to give this a taste um
maybe this isn't such a good idea ah I
think I'll try a straw oh my goodness
guys this is so good it's creamy
refreshing it's just perfect and you
know what I can't stop drinking it for
the full scoop on this recipe head on
over to cook and share calm and give us
a thumbs up and most of all subscribe
thanks for watching and catch you next
time