to make these very small dog treats you
will need a mini ice cube tray this is a
silicone tray which is available off
eBay and I'll put the link below so you
can go find it it allows you to create
very small treats without having to
stand and cut them all up once they're
cooked your base ingredients in this
case I'm using sardines in oil it could
be anything really that your dog likes
mashed bananas sardines pilchards
perhaps liver lungs liver our viewers
occasionally you will need an egg and
because my dogs are waiting tolerant I'm
using instant mashed potato as a binding
agent first thing is to put the sidings
in the dish and get them completely
mashed up and then add the egg mix that
in until the side is you just smell
rather strong but that's why the dogs
liking very very attentive dogs watching
me making this and then just add enough
instant mash until you've got a really
thick heads
needs to be almost solid you can use
flour instead of instant mashed potato
as I said my dog's been waiting
tolerance is what's really well for them
I've never actually measured how much
potato on it I just gave adding it until
it looks thick enough to put into the
mold
and then simply spread the mixture
across the ice cube trays filling all of
the partitions as you do just make sure
you feel every partition so you've got
complete solid treats when you've cooked
them
once you've got that filled then simply
cook it in the microwave for five
minutes on high
once you finish cooking in the microwave
leave it to cool just for a little bit
so that it doesn't feel too hot on your
hands and then tip out the individual
pieces onto baking they shall come out
quite easily might need to just do a
little bit of manipulation to get laughs
peel out spread them out and then pop
them into a preheated oven I usually do
it at about 180 degrees centigrade
just to dry out so they're less well you
can also put the tray into the freezer
and leave them for drying out later on
if you create a lot of them but as you
can see their ideal size for giving
treats your dogs while training