I am John long and today I got my heel
and some tar so I wanted to help you to
see how to remove that now as you can
see I actually took half of the spot off
already it was a big heel print right
here so what we want to do first is to
choose our product grease come into our
remover by the way we have this here
Long's and you can purchase it at any
time what we want to do is test this
product in inconspicuous area be sure
that it's safe for the carpet then we
want to go ahead and apply it to our
towel and blot the experts say blot
don't rub and that will keep the carpet
from getting fuzzy now in the real world
we might have to do a little rubbing
because this is ground in pretty good
and we might actually have to put it
directly on the carpet but gum tar and
grease remover comes with a drip apply
spout so you can control how much you
put on so as you can see from my towel
I'm already starting to get it off and
this will require a little more effort
but you will achieve results just like
this by going over it a couple more
times so that's how you remove a car