what's up guys Merry Christmas it's that
time of year again where weather mats in
the winter time get pretty Caked Up with
all types of elements so I currently
have my um Weather Tech mats here and
they are pretty bad as you can see so
I'm going to get them cleaned up I have
my hose over there um my tools I'm
currently like I said cleaning my car so
I'm going to use the wheel brush uh BS
ha brush and some APC to kind of bring
these down and uh clean them up here
today so let's get
started so the first thing you're going
to do is kind of hose them down get all
the top layer dirt off and as you can
see with these mats they're pretty new
so they pretty much beat up from having
a protective coating on them that's why
they're so expensive and they are the
way they are so I'm going to pretty much
have my pump spray here and I'm going to
spray them down with some APC to kind of
get
any dirt that's kind of Caked Up into
here pretty lucrative with it so um APC
is pretty cheap so let it sit there for
a second um get your
brush I got some soap in my brush cuz
again I'm going to be cleaning my wheels
so as you can see nice soft
brush soft hard doesn't
matter kind of go around this edges
first they don't not the dirtiest
they're pretty bad you want to scrub in
these cracks a little bit more because
dirt gets in there um and a soft brush
might not do you any justice you might
have to use a hard brush like this one
right here um so this is usually for
tires so you might have to get in here
with the hard
brush and scrub these cracks if you're
they're pretty
bad mine are pretty clean though so what
I'll just do now is
just look at the
dirt close them
off and is all Slippery from the
APC that coating will Aid in drying
them back will have some Suds on them
too
pretty much take it
out you got to clean M go back in your
car so what I do is I just put them out
in the sun over here away from the dirty
water and we'll be good to go guys thank
you so much for watching rate comment
subscribe give me a thumbs up talk to
you soon