it's going to take a while for this
water to boil I'm going to put five
large lobsters and they're a large
lobsters about a pound and a half to 1.8
pounds
I'm going to cook them for anywhere
between 14 to 16 minutes probably about
15 minutes but I throw all five lobsters
in there a lot of water in there I've
added about two tablespoons of salt per
gallon of water in there all right I'm
lying I just did some of that that's
about it
guessed it sea salt is better but that's
what I had on hand
one way to storm is put them right in
the refrigerator just make sure you
don't add fresh water or fresh ice cubes
to them to keep them cool and cold
because fresh water will kill them
almost immediately all right I may move
around put them in with the bands on
head first I'm going to do it for 15
minutes these are large lobsters that's
anywhere between 1.5 0.8 pounds here you
go buddy sorry just quick
still moving around nice fresh ste
they're not red when you get them you
turn red after you cook
want to keeps water has a high pool oh
man
go home
fifteen minutes
but want to keep it a nice high boil
during this cooking time yeah that's not
going to help got to get that fire real
it the lobsters are now turning red and
during the last four minutes of cooking
time I'm going to add some lobster
bisque to it go ahead my little chef's
assistant slowly drop them in there
don't splash it on you nice and slowly
there you go
well done well done Thank You chefs
assistant
it has been 15 minutes and now these
lobsters
nice and red we're going to take them
out make sure that the meat is actually
white not great it's great that Lee's go
back in continue to be cooked longer
all the tails are curled
might be a little bit of white frothy
stuff there that's just some protein and
fat that's cooked out of the lobsters