right ladies and gentlemen of America
please welcome to the scott-free project
hello there my friends welcome back to
the Scott Reed project and it's that
time of year again when our thoughts and
attentions turn to the poultry we've got
Thanksgiving coming and Christmas so
today on the Scott Murray project we are
going to be doing something super
special let me show you what I've got a
turkey show me a duck duck a little chub
that can mean one thing to duck on baby
today I am going to show you how to make
that poultry Pat's behemoth the
turducken so we're going to get the
camera down on the block and I'll show
you how we are going to make this
beautiful thing it's a work of art its
culinary engineering trust me
I'm almost professional right there to
start this turducken we are going to
start with our duck and our chicken now
these two have got to be completely
boned but it doesn't matter if you make
a few mistakes on these go through the
skin or when you're boning it out make a
few mistakes because these are going
completely inside the turkey and it's
always good if you haven't boned out any
poultry for a while do your chicken and
your duck just to refresh your memory
well the turducken fantastic fantastic
massive franken bird originated in
louisiana by a guy named junior herbert
claims who invented it him and his
brother Sammy at a butcher shop in
Louisiana a great part of the world and
the story goes as a farmer came into the
shop with a freshly killed turkey at
ducking a chicken and he wanted them
stuffed and the herbert's oblige by
smearing pork stuffing all over the dog
before shoehorning it into the turkey
then working the floppy boneless chicken
into that but it was filled with
cornbread and sewed up but we're going
to do something a little bit more
refined but exactly along the same lines
and of course Mae
famous by that great southern chef
pauper doom right here endeth the lesson
let's get on so it's the exact technique
for every bird except when we get to the
turkey we will leave the drumsticks on
and the wings in so when we put it all
together it still looks like a turkey
it's like an optical illusion it's magic
baby so you will need a really sharp
knife to achieve this poultry Boheme us
basically we're going to go down the
backbone I am going to just take the
wingtips off make it easier for myself
and the drum tips and then down the
backbone go down the other side and just
take your time you know it is easier
than it looks and what you'll do you'll
come to where the legs are you can see
there you can actually see the ball
joint snap them out and the same with
the other side bend it in
then you've exposed the ball joint and
then
just detach the wings just take in that
bone there with it but like you know I
don't want to repeat myself but how
about going it don't panic on the
chicken in the duck because it doesn't
have to be perfect we just trace in the
breastbone so we get to the wishbone
there and again over the ribs till we
get to the breastbone and you can see
pretty much loosen that off basically
just ease it out and that's the
breastbone dealt with
we haven't torn the skin so onto the
thigh bone and it does take a bit of
time but you know think of the bigger
picture at the end of it you're going to
have a fantastic centerpiece for your
Christmas or Thanksgiving table simple
then just trace the thigh bone
and lip through the wingtips I'm just
going to cut off make some stock or
treat my dog and then with these
drumsticks simple as just either side
till you expose the bone as you can see
there through the top and just gently
with your knife take out the bone and
the same with the other side and that
pretty much is your check-in complete so
just loosen it off
scrape down the bone pull it there we
have one roast chicken how easy was that
right I can go over there fine for the
dust right then on to the duck same
principle but what I'm going to do I'm
going to remove these legs there is not
a lot of meat on the legs worth dealing
with you can roast em up separate for a
little snack or again into a stockpot so
just flip it through just trim a little
bit that excess fat now some people they
don't put the whole duck in they just
use the breasts but I'm going for the
whole thing again same principle down
its backbone till we get to the legs and
again searching for where the leg
connects into that ball joint so just
with the tip of your life you can see
I've just exposed that ball joint mare
hard getting the angle few guys but hey
huh anyway how would you make a duck
sing you put him in the oven till it's
Bill Withers
yeah I know I know don't have to say
anything so there again for that ball
joint as you can see in there
and then just gently again we go in over
that rib cage and the beautiful color of
this fantastic
rich meat I love Doug especially wild
duck just checked me round
that's the legs Bree come into the
breasts over that rib cage I mean if you
don't want to go through the hassle of
boning your duck by all means
just take the breasts off and they'll
fit nicely in you're ducking not a
problem at all there's one side down
loosening off the other side I know this
looks easy but it really is it really is
just be confident a bit of damage here
trust me you can do this an amazing
centerpiece for Christmas or
Thanksgiving just going to take the
excess fat off the back just take that
breast bone right down to where it's
just hanging on by the skin see there
should be able to just pull loosen it
off gently Nick along and there is the
carcass but the duck so we're just going
to tidy up not a bit of damage error but
it was shuttered bone so we'll just trim
that bit up and the same principle with
the chicken again sty bone just loosen
it off move the meat to how you want to
move and the knife don't move around it
always move the meat being control
there's one thigh bone and again we'll
go either side of the drumstick get on
life under there and just gently
ruch it down
till the leg is completely bonus right
one more time then so we did our duck we
did our chicken now for the star of the
show the turkey same same principle but
on a bigger scale so we just go down the
backbone just taking your time and the
beauty of this you can actually see a
little bit clearer where everything is
just taking in that oyster muscle gently
coming over the front till we get to
there as you can see my knife has gone
in to the ball joint of the leg so it's
a lot bigger as you can imagine and on
the chicken or a duck so then we're just
going to go through the wing joint the
ball joint and then it's a case of just
gently with your knife tracing down the
bone always using if you can see just
the tip maneuvering
over the ribcage get up got the giblets
heigh-ho picking up carcass there and
then just up flop a skin there because
we want as much of this when we sew it
up so just gently easing it over take
him
sup bone you've got a cut share that one
bone because you can get your knife down
there but once you passed it you're away
and then again we get to that to show
you the mat to that ball joint just
maneuver your knife around it slide up
and then again that other joint of the
wing before you know it we have boneless
turkey now here's the important part
because we are wanting to keep that skin
intact
we are just gently with our knife going
to the end almost so it's just hanging
on the breastbone I'm going to go
through there so we're free there we
have free round the front and you can
just gently gently you can feel the bone
there
taking your time you almost want to just
give it a start but we want that skin
intact I mean there is ways if you do
tear it don't panic you could put a
piece of bacon in its place or a bit of
skin so you know don't panic it's no big
deal
you should just loosen it off we pull
that now yeah and there is our carcass a
lot of bone when you weigh it up get
that in your stock for your gravy
perfect so we're leaving the wings on if
you can see I haven't gone through the
breasts perfect all we are going to do
then is just take the thigh bone and
feel for it with your hand because we
want to leave the drumsticks on for when
we stuff it and we sell it back up it
looks like a turkey baby so just take
your time get your knife up just gently
scrape it down till you reach
the joint there you have it
one thigh bone and repeat for the other
side and that now is the start of our
fantastic to duck him so I'm just going
to strip those breaths knowing at those
breasts Philips back and we'll get our
make our stuff in right so we got our
Terkel bones I'm just going to make up
my stuffing I'm just going to do a sage
and onion stuffing so I've got two
decent packs of sausage meat obviously
if you make your own use your own here I
finally diced two onions and slip them
down in a bit of oil let them cool I'm
going to get them in and then we're just
going to put handful of breadcrumbs to
start just get it mixing now you can buy
your stuff and if you want to make it
put anything in you want I was going to
put cranberries in these but to be
honest with you I forgot to buy them now
so would definitely be cranberry in this
stuff in I'm gonna write a bit more
breadcrumbs actually going around it all
go out a bit more dried sage and as you
can see the giblets and you could
actually chop the liver up and get that
in you know really experiment chestnuts
whatever if you want a bit of spices in
there or some citrus get it in there
right
that's our stuffing down now it's time
to build it we have got our turkey what
I'm going to do if I'm going to put a
line of stuffing down where the breast
plate was and then just spread it
underneath where those breasts fill it's
where
a little ball in the thigh cavity to the
side beautiful a wild turkey walks into
a bar the barman says to him what are
you supposed to be he said I'm a wild
turkey he says are cool we got a drink
named after you
you said what Kevin yeah okay with my
job down as you can see there I'm just
going to trim any of the excess skin off
just to cut down on the fat so we will
get that in here position it nicely and
again repeat the stuffing so just a bit
where the breast words and the thinking
is when you cut into this it will be
layered anyone else stuff in and finally
the good old chuck chuck on top god my
god this is a monster now it's time for
the fun part we have got to get all this
together so we're just going to bring up
the sides give it a bit of a fettle I
should put in a couple of strings to
hold that with my trisomy needle quite
deep into the skin like you say they're
about an inch because we don't know
tears but this is just a few to hold it
so we can work on it just some hold and
nuts
you can't do this on your own get your
friend to help just hold it together
okay look at that
sailing up like a kipper we're going to
turn it over look at that beautiful
thing what we're going to do then I'm
going to tuck all that in we are going
to set up the front right I should just
put a few sutures into the front I think
is the word well she is looking
absolutely stunning
right just need to trust those
legs up a bit and we've got a couple of
streams around see what we can do here I
go like that one two then we will pull
it just gently under the wing one two
and I think that is pretty much but to
do come isn't it
hey what a fantastic looking thing that
is Rome is going to go a little bit
further and I'm just going to put a few
little strings not too tight just to
keep it all together when you're lifting
it just across the back then legs
together
nice cut little not too strong and put
one in the middle and say safely that
that is a triumph there you have one two
ducking and I am so so chuffed with that
just look at that and that is solid meat
it's a work of art okay then so you've
made your turducken and what to do with
it you could cook it yourself or you can
share it and with this being the season
of Thanksgiving in Christmas I thought
why not share it so I put a call out on
Facebook offering this beautiful
turducken to any worthy cause being a
community center a church group a
veteran center homeless shelter anybody
was willing to phone up and would take
this for a worthy cause they could have
it for nothing and this lady here
hello was the lucky recipient
okay then Laura would you like to tell
me where this beautiful thing is going
oh well I work for Fisher volunteer
center on their Development Manager and
we are doing an afternoon tea on Sunday
the 6th of December for the elderly
residents of the community who are
socially isolated and it's going to be
amazing
cooked cut up and in sandwiches and to
go with their afternoon tea what a cause
there you go there Nora I'm gonna give
you that but I think I better get your
blocks
you're very welcome thank you very much
thanks doc they so grateful Cheers it's
okay it's okay
compose yourself Scott I became quite a
touch duck turducken we've spent some
time together but what a fantastic
ending to a great episode with this
being the season of Thanksgiving and
soon to be Christmas what better way
than to share that with a worthy cause I
mean I could have cooked that for you
guys took a few slices off there would
have been a lot left over so I thought
you know let's give this away to a
worthy cause and Laura's taking it away
a registered charity and it's going to
feed 60 old folks who are socially
isolated so it's win-win baby so if
you've enjoyed this episode of Scott
reproject please subscribe by clicking
down there somewhere a red button also
find me on social media Facebook scott
reil the Scott reproject
also on my Twitter at the Scott Reed
project please please share this like it
and share it with your friends yeah this
is a great episode and a great ending so
until next time I'm going to be wrong
for wrong I can't do