initialize
sequence
[Music]
now here's a fun prank you can play on
your friend who has a cat now they don't
have to be famous cats like mine tux and
Domino any cat will work as long as they
have a litter box and now you're going
to need a tosie roll no not one little
midy like that something larger no
that's not quite big enough there we go
a giant Susie roll should do the trick
you're probably not going to use this
whole thing probably about a 4in piece
then you're going to want to mold it
with your fingers to get out all the
grooves it should end up looking like a
giant poop bigger than just about any
cat could produce now you want to make
sure your friend has recently cleaned
out the litter box and you're going to
take your fake poop and deposit it and
then you're to want to flip it in the
litter just to make it look realistic
now this prank is all about timing as
you need to walk in the room when your
friend is close by and be shocked at the
enormity of that cat poop and now the
Clincher you're going to pull a catty
Shack pull that poop out and go for
it it's no big
deal now the next prank might involve a
little fake vomit so look out and that's
how to pull the cat poop prank for more
hacks pranks and how-tos click the Box
on the left to go to my channel and
click the Box on the right for more
crazy pranks thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time