hey guys welcome back today we are going
to do marbled cake and this is fairly
easy but I did get a few requests for
this as I'm going to show you guys how
to go about this I have a 12 inch pan
I'm working on a birthday cake for a
little girl and I'm I think this is 12
inches so I'm and my 12 inch pan and
I've made um 2 recipes okay of my
vanilla cake and I've made one recipe of
my chocolate cake and if you want your
marble cake to be more chocolate than
you do vanilla you just do two
chocolates at one vanilla however you
want yours to be but this is what I've
chose so if you want those recipes
please please go to my channel I do have
those you can search chocolate cake or
vanilla cake and you'll find that so
we're going to preheat our oven to 350
degrees we're going to prepare our cake
pan and I just lightly greased that with
shortening and then floured it also
lightly so here we go we're going to go
ahead and take our vanilla cake batter
and this is basically going to make two
12-inch rounds okay but I like to get it
all mixed up at once so I have it ready
to go and we're going to pour half of or
one full recipe of the vanilla into the
cake pan
two of these take basically three full
recipes okay my little ones playing in
the background and he's having a ball so
if you hear him laughing in it one
alright so then after we have that in um
and you can see that basically I've just
poured in a full player recipe a vanilla
you didn't we're just going to take half
of the chocolate okay and we are just
going to basically just because the
chocolates a little bit thicker so we're
just going to kind of flop that in
everywhere it doesn't have to be perfect
it can be random but you're just going
to place about half of that batter in
there
and we're gonna stop right about there
try not to make an S
just want to make sure that is about
half that looks good I'm just going to
put a little bit more and then you can
take whatever utensil you have I just
have a better knife and I'm going to use
and I am just going to basically swirl
it okay and this is again just any
random pattern don't go all the way to
the bottom of the pan if you do you're
going to disturb your um your flour and
your grease alright so don't horrible it
up too much or you're just gonna have a
chocolaty vanilla cake he wants the
definition in some color in there and so
you can see how we've got that all
marbled I'm gonna go ahead and bake that
at 350 I'm going to pull it out and I'll
show you guys what it looks like I did
also recently have a request to show a
little bit more in depth as far as my
processes go so I'm going to go ahead
and take you guys all the way through
this cake both layers but I do bake them
separately so we're going to go ahead
and put this in I'll let you know how
long it took and we'll be back okay so
this one bake at 350 it took between 35
and 40 minutes and all you do is put a
toothpick in the center and when it
comes out clean with no crumbs you know
that your cake is done so what we're
going to do at this point we're going to
flip this out I'll show you what it
looks like as I level it and then we'll
move on to the next layer okay so I also
just want to show you how I prepare my
pan I just take cooking I just take
shortening and I put it on a paper towel
and you're just going to lightly coat um
the entire surface of your pan okay make
sure that you get the edges or the
corners really well and you want to make
sure that you get the sides really well
and then once that's done you are just
going to take some flour we kind of
flour you're going to sprinkle some in
just like that and then you're just
going to tap your pan until it coats
again the entire surface okay and then I
just tap it just to get the edges all
right so I'm going to finish that up and
then I will marble will marble okay our
cake okay so our cake our pan is ready
and it's prepared we have our oven still
set to 350 we're going to take the
remaining vanilla cake batter and we're
going to pour the rest of that into the
pan
and then once that's then we're going to
take our chocolate batter and again both
of these recipes and are on my channel
you're just going to pour that in I have
more chocolate on this one I can tell
but that's okay
and again there's no wrong way to do
this you're just going to get all in
there
hmm
try not to make a mess I'm going to get
the rest of that bat in there and then
again we're just going to take our knife
and we are going to swirl our cake mix
and again just try not to touch the
bottom of your pan okay and we're going
to bake this at 350 for 35 to 40 minutes
and then we'll bring it back and and
I'll show you what they look like all
right guys
and so we have it it's all cold and I
just kind of want to show you what it
looks like in the center and also show
you just quickly how I level my cakes I
have a cake leveler I mean this works
perfectly I'm not really good at doing
it by hand so um I don't have to and
this is just a couple dollars at the
store and it's going to make your life a
lot easier you want to set it to the
height that you want your um cut to be
okay or your cake to be and then you're
just going to I did this on a piece of
waxed paper so I don't make too much of
a mess
but then you're just going to slowly
work it back and forth and
just a gentle sawing motion you don't
want to rip your cake okay looks like
inside and save your cake scraps always
make cake pops or and have a snack with
a little one and then I just basically
just lift it off and you can see how
pretty that is
I mean it's absolutely gorgeous and the
pattern of course is always going to be
different just depending also have a
video on my channel on how to do like a
zebra pattern for the inside of the cake
if you're interested go and search that
that is a little bit different than this
one and but it's pretty much the same
idea but it is a bit different and you
can just see how absolutely gorgeous
that is Anne's cake is so moist and so
delicious so definitely didn't Stu try
guys and share me on Facebook and
Twitter with your friends and family
subscribe if you want it and definitely
thumbs up if you like the cake and as
always guys thanks so much for watching
you