I adore proper Sunday lunch I don't
think that roast beef and Yorkshire
pudding can be beaten but you can do
things differently and I often do this
is one of my favorite variants the beef
scold there are a couple of salads to go
with and the ultra pudding really is
pudding now this handsome piece of beef
has already been cooked what I did was I
rubbed it with olive oil and chopped
rosemary and then gave it 25 minutes a
kilo in a really hot oven but that's
because I do like my beef quite
underdone if you like it more cooked
cook it for longer do what you should
remember in any case is that the beef
will carry on cooking as it cools I'm
gonna move it behind me let it cool over
here while I get on with Yorkshire
pudding everyone has their own way of
doing Yorkshire pudding my way is to do
it backwards that's to say the eggs in
first with the milk and then whisking in
the flour later it seems to work that
way and now no it's unorthodox but I
read about it in Jay Gregson tried it
I've never changed my method since and
that's four eggs by the way 300
milliliters of milk and on I love this
back-to-front method it works so well
that needs to sit for 15 minutes I'm
gonna leave that and get on with the
first salad for which I need a hot
griddle lucky this is hot
I know it sounds odd to have a hot
griddle for salad but just that I'm
gonna griddle these lovely aubergines
now and then let them get cool eat them
at room temperature with griddling the
rule is always to oil the food and not
the griddle this is garlic infused olive
oil should be wonderful with the
aubergine and just turn the aubergines
in the oil they will soak up a lot of
oil but that's just because over jeans
do you just got to accept that is what
makes them taste so lovely I never ever
salt them I think people have this mad
fetish about at all I think it's true
however the aubergine is now our bread
or whatever you do to plants to make
them less bitter but on the other hand
my mother never assaulted aubergines and
has never tasted soggy and they never
tasted bitter I think it's a nonsense
really all they need now is a little
more garlic oil squeeze of lemon salt
this lovely coarse salt like hail some
chives and some just cracked pepper kind
of the knob enos seems to add to the
smokiness of the aubergine that's it I'm
gonna put these down here to cool down
to room temperature and back to my
Yorkshire pudding mix the eggs of milk
have been standing for long enough
I'm adding flour 250 grams spoon by
spoon incepted because I want this
really light the cz I put to be
incorporated if you go slowly
[Applause]
it's gonna give a final straight down to
make sure all the flowers absorbed this
is the stage at which months we believe
they're Yorkshire pudding batters to
rest and if you want you can but you
don't need to that's ready to go in the
oven the real key to fabulous Yorkshire
pudding is to have the oven and the fat
incredibly hot as hot as your oven more
girl I use vegetable fat because the
smoking point is much higher than with
other fats and so that since it's so hot
you need to be careful you don't want to
smoke out your whole kitchen right and
that's a 250-degree surged grade that's
gas mark 10 and I'm going to leave it
there for 15 to 20 minutes by which time
it should be just blossoming and
burnished and like a huge crown right
beeps done her visions done puddings in
the oven the last thing my pea mint and
avocado salad I love this well primarily
because just tastes lovely but also
because it was one of my great art
Mara's 1970s specials it's just very
good these peas of frozen peas cooked
till tender not very soft and then
macerated in olive oil white wine
vinegar freshly chopped mint and a pinch
of sugar I'm gonna need my huge plate
for this and when I say huge I do mean
huge the lettuces I use mainly here a
little gems because they're really easy
and also they provide lovely crunch
which is contrast to the peas and
chicory to is really a good contrast not
just because of the texture but also
because the chicory is very bitter
against the sweetness of the piece
that's fabulous and also there's a
contrast interesting Oh perfect
everything
the oil and vinegar that are on the peas
already will you provide the dressing so
just tumble these over toss so beautiful
and taste so wonderful - very very
useful thing to have in your repertoire
now one last crucial ingredient for
another bit of contrast avocados which I
keep on the windowsill try and get every
last bit of light and Sun and warmth -
just at the right texture which these
are the thing about avocados always by
only use late by which I mean if you get
them early enough you can make sure that
just the texture you need got time to
ripen and use them as last-minute as you
can just cause of this color this is
lovely
don't worry about what shapes you make I
mean I like to use a knife and do these
lovely little longboat shapes but you
can use a spoon and just clump it out if
you want I don't think there is a more
beautiful salad all it needs salt
avocados drink up salt I suppose because
they're so divinely rich and bland and
some freshly chopped mint not a lot just
enough to make the millets and the peas
already seem to come alive so alchemy of
cookie
I commend it to the house
so how divine is that the perfect
stress-free Sunday lunch with although
machine pimenton avocado salad and the
most wonderful rare roast beef
thinly slice if my carving is up to it
I'm not the world's best carver but I'll
try and do justice to this magnificent
beast
vegetarians turn away now
perfect for me anyway look at this
magnificent I just love it so much
searing hot with cold thick cream and
golden syrup sauce so wonderful I know
I'm going to be keeping this but I have
to have some now I'm not least to show
you just how gorgeous it is you have to
see everything all together mmm it
smells like a mixture between pancake
and donut it just kind of defines
pudding heaven for me
hmm just can't wait mmm look at this
that you wish
and then he's tall
[Music]
you