I used to drink somewhere between four
or five of these a day and at a 12-pack
at the Navy commissary was just cheaper
than giant or food line or anyplace like
that
is over five dollars I think it's going
about 548 all right these are something
like a hundred to pack and run about
four dollars so I take five of these and
it's my preference you use five you can
use whatever you want
that's a to kellen two gallon jug
all glass I'm going to show you how to
make Sun tea extremely easy it's what
mom and dad grandma and all them uh told
us how to make tea and it's probably
better for you too I like it and the
flavor is pretty good so I'll tell you
more as we go on okay I filled it with
cold water I put five tea bags on top
submerge them got nice and wet and now
they're on top it's about 95 degrees
outside on this deck and the thermometer
on the decks is 105 so I've done this in
no kidding
65 degree weather on here as long as the
Sun is hid in that jar as glass it's
going to magnify the root of all the
radiation from the Sun and make really
good tea and it depends what kind of tea
you put in there it just stays so much
smoother than anything that comes out of
one of those plastic bottles and of
course when you when you flame right you
put your lemon in there or whatever it's
going to taste even better
just about 10 minutes later and you see
the T and then the bags is actually
starting to run down a little closer so
the water is definitely heating up in
there don't know what the temperature
inside right now is but it is heating up
so inside about three hours it should be
nice and dark
I usually go until sunset just let
really get going and because it's really
good tea I'll keep you updated
Oh about three hours the tea is nice and
dark the way I like it
is definitely warm tea so you can
actually enjoy it right now just put it
on ice and need a lot of ice the ice
itself will dilute it enough to actually
satisfy your taste be refreshing I like
adding lemon to mine and about half of
the glass of ice so hey you might like
sugar in yours it all depends but try it
out remember five bags of the small ones
if you get the big bags I like putting
two big big bags in there okay it gets
nice and dark and nice and rich smooth
tasting and tastes real good refreshing
if you liked the video go ahead and
share with others give me a thumbs up
leave the comments anything else you'd
like to see I'm I'm a master of uh let's
see I know a lot but a master of a few
so gardening is good computers are good
hey I do hardwood flooring I do a lot of
construction stuff so I love helping out
others including yourself bye for now
okay just a final note go ahead and take
a look the drawer on the left is what I
just brewed with the Sun using virtually
no you know no heat of our own nice and
dark good rich tea with five of the bags
of the Lipton box on the right hand side
that bad that box I think cost about not
even two dollars here's a hundred bags
inside of it those Lipton green teas
right there there I count twelve to a
package I know for a fact that there are
over five dollars for that pack at the
Navy commissary which seems to be a
cheaper than even uh even some of the
big supermarkets so so hey it's up to
you on the cost savings five tea bags I
don't know what's in those things that's
a you know you know if you like the
taste go ahead and keep drinking them
but you know if I could break free of
that and go with something cheaper
better tasting and you drink all day
long it's up to you but it's one way to
get some real good Sun brew tea bye for
now