hey guys it's dra on everyday Alchemy
and this video is going to be a little
different than all the other cooking
videos I've done because I'm going to
try and do it all in one segment so that
should be interesting as you can see
right now I have my span
overheat with a bit of butter in it that
I'm melting I have three eggs in a
mixing bowl which I've already kind of
whisked together and I've got some
cheese as well as some salt
and a plate off to the side and like I
said I'm going to try and do this
allinone segment I'm going to show you
how to make the omelet I made in my last
video where I made chocolate mousse I'm
doing this because a viewer wanted this
video specifically and I like making
these omelets so that's not a huge deal
this one will have much more cheese in
it than the last one did because I'm
making it for myself and not the
draculina I like a lot of cheese and I'm
using sharp cheddar because it works
well in omelets even though it's not my
favorite kind of cheese my favorite kind
of cheese is probably feta I love feta
cheese and it's got a tremendous amount
of use anyway this is starting to
get pretty hot I'm going to give it
actually another second or two before I
I add in I'm waiting for my my butter to
start bubbling and I may add in just a
little bit more butter not too
much cuz I I don't have quite enough for
The Omelette that I want to make yet I
don't
think like I said this is a three egg
omelette so it shouldn't take too
incredibly long to cook but I should
have enough time to add in all the
cheese that I want and salt it on both
sides I don't really like pepper a ton
but I do like salt a
lot and I'm adding in my eggs now
and I actually add my salt differently
than a lot of people a lot of people
like to shake their salt in with a
Shaker I actually like to put my salt in
my hand usually more than I need and
then I like to shake it in gradually
with my hand I feel like it gives me
much better control over my salt and
then I can always get rid of the excess
pretty easily I like to Salt it on both
ends and I'm going to watch as this
cooks and solidifies enough for a flip
then once it flips I'll start layering
cheese into one half and then I'll fold
it over and cook it a little more on
both sides I've got a plate here that'll
be ready to go for the plating as well
as my favorite eating utensil which is a
Light My Fire Spork these are great for
when I go hiking cuz they're lightweight
and they've got everything you can see
here that they've got a knife a fork and
a spoon all in one utensil and it weighs
next to nothing cuz it's made of plastic
it's a very cool utensil and I like it a
lot I use it a lot when I'm eating at
home as well just because it's really
easy to have one utensil for everything
and then clean it after each
meal I'm kind of testing the edges now
with a rubber spatula it's not anywhere
close to being ready so I'm going to
crank up the heat just a little bit to
get it to cook a little faster it's
starting to whiten on the bottom so I do
know that it is in fact cooking
I guess as long as I'm waiting on it I
can tell you that this spatula is just a
simple rubber spatula that I've been
using for omelets forever it's great for
getting up underneath them and flipping
them you just have to be fast so that
you don't melt it against the Heat of
the pan
starting to get a slightly more solid
Edge which is excellent that's just what
I'm looking
for probably needs another half a minute
before it's solid enough on top to be
ready for a flip and I may look like a
complete goofball in this video because
my flips aren't always perfect they're
generally pretty fair but making omelets
is tricky because of the flip I'm going
to pop this bubble here because I don't
want to work around
it I suppose it'll deflate more when I
flip
it dialing back the heat a little bit
more because I don't want this Outlet to
burn
my eggs are definitely cooking nicely I
have the right amount of butter in this
to keep it nice and loose with the
exception of the edges which I'm
loosening up with the
spatula looks like it's about ready to
[Music]
flip the center is still almost too
fluidy which is why I'm having trouble
you can see there that it wasn't a
perfect flip but I can even that out
that is the base of my omelette now I'm
going to dial back the Heat a good
bit start adding my cheddar cheese to
only half of it although it's not an
exact art I'm just trying to get enough
cheese melted into
this that I'll enjoy it personally and
then I'll add some
salt to the other side as well as maybe
a little on
top I think that's roughly a cup of
cheese although I'm not sure it ought to
be enough for an omelette this size
again I've got a little bit of salt in
my hand and I'm just going to add that
to the other
side you can see that the cheese is
melting nicely which is good that's
exactly what I'm looking for I'm going
to kind of and if I rotate this properly
I can show you on the camera
I'm checking the other Edge to make sure
that it isn't
burning and it's not so I can continue
to let my cheese
melt now the omelet is going to retain a
lot of its heat and continue cooking
even after you remove it from the stove
or your pan or whatever you're cooking
it on so it's not entirely necessary to
melt all the the cheese at once because
it'll continue to melt and heat as you
go along I'm going to fold my omelette
over and I've got to be completely
honest that
looks pretty perfect maybe if I kill my
my stove light you can see it
better yeah there we go that's a good
look at the omelet I'm going to kill my
stove
entirely and plate this
for
myself it just barely fits on my plate
but that is how I make my cheese omelets
I hope that the viewer who watched this
enjoyed this video let me know if you
like this video or if you like my
traditional way I do it where I try and
cut down the time by making a lot of
little segments and as always guys
thanks for watching