today I'm going to be giving you a
closer look at this natural sheep skin
rug and this is from Seven Hills
rugs okay so this is all natural sheep
skin and this one is a small one it's
2et by 3 ft single Pelt um it's really
really soft to step on um it's just
super soft sheep skin so soft to step on
it's great for having beside your bed
that's where I've had mine so first
thing in the morning I step out of my
bed and although I do have carpet here
it's kind of thin carpet and stuff so
it's nice to step on this nice
incredibly soft sheep skin I'm not quite
sure where I want to have this in my
house but someplace where it's going to
stay clean for sure cuz it's nice ivory
color now it says in the product
description that this one is um
surprisingly stain resistant um so and I
haven't had any stains I've only been
using this for about a week and I don't
feel like it's been in a hight trafficed
area where it is typically stained um
but although my carpet is definitely
more trafficked right here where I have
it than other places I'm constantly
walking back and forth here so um and
it's it's staying pretty nice so um okay
let's give you a closer look here at the
back um this backing
here
oops is white
suede um and looks really nicely put
together also so it's white suede on the
back and it's also non-slip so if you
were using this in a room that was like
hardwood floors or something I bet it
would look gorgeous and uh it's non-slip
so even if you're not using it on top of
a carpeted area um that stays put really
well and I've put it out in my kitchen
and it really does stay nicely with that
suede on the back so let's flip this
over um now if you're interested in the
weight of this particular piece it is
you know it is thick and actual sheep
skin so you're looking at you know being
a little bit more weighted maybe than
some of your little rugs it's 2.2 lb um
so anyway it is really nice so I've
brushed it out a little bit down here
when I first got it out of the packaging
I did notice um some shedding so it's
like rolled up when you get it and I did
notice some shedding right away you can
use a vacuum cleaner to get that excess
shedding off and I did brush it out with
a pet brush and after that I haven't
noticed how much shedding and I do have
a pit brush that you can push forward
and see any of the extra hair that comes
off
and it doesn't shed a lot at all um
there was just some initial that was on
there but it hasn't been shedding a lot
at all you can kind of see that down
here I've brushed out the bottom a lot
more and you can see a little bit of
matness right here that I can show you
when I brush it out with a pet brush now
this isn't anything fancy and it's not a
specifically made sheep skin pet brush
for sure um it's just a typical one that
I use on my cat but it
actually Combs it out pretty nicely so
if you need to fluff yours up
you can use this
brush to comb it
out okay to give it a nice fluffy look
if it tends you know gets matted from
you standing on it that happens to all
rugs and especially nice thick rugs like
this but you can just use a simple pet
brush to take care of it and then if it
sheds a little bit while you're brushing
you can use a vacuum to get that off but
you can see from my brush I'll push that
forward there like a couple small little
pieces of hair but I had some initial
shedding when I first got it brush it
out after that it
really hasn't been shedding a lot you
get a little bit of hair when you brush
it out um but so you can see the
difference there where it gets that was
just a little bit matted for my use and
then it gets nice and fluffed up just
with using a simple pet
brush really
nice okay so let's flip this over here
actually on um this suede that's on the
back it has some care
instructions from the company that's on
there so um it talks about using a pet
brush and uh to restore it when it gets
flattened and things like that and bring
dust and other things out of the fibers
and then vacuuming will help to restore
the wool pile and any dust or foreign
materials that collects on it after
you're brushing so it's a good idea to
use a vacuum and um rather than than
running my whole vacuum over it I just
get the little extender brush and put on
one of my pieces on it and then take the
vacuum and go over it to get any of that
extra and get it nice and fluffy and
nice so for your everyday use there's
little tricks like that that you can
keep to um make it looking nice and
plump and fluffy still okay so airing on
here so this is a good one um open
windows or place the sheep skin in a
breezy room to air out um and this will
help to keep the sheep skin nice and
fresh so I actually have mine
next to a window right here where I'm
always airing mine out and mine always
gets fresh air so that's good especially
if you have to do any spot cleaning or
things like that to air it out is a good
thing so um spot cleaning so they say to
on lightly soiled areas that they can be
sponged off using clean warm water and
diluted wool skin sheep skin shampoo um
for heavier
soils um and then you'll want to
uh brush while it's damp and again when
it's fully dry so if you've got a damp
area it's a good idea to keep it in a
breezy area with an open window and
brush it out when it's wet after you've
done your little spot cleaning and then
again once it's dry and then um for the
cow hide that's on the back says wipe
the cow hide vigorously in any direction
with a damp but not wet clean cloth and
do not soak the hide or get it wet rinse
the cloth in fresh water and wipe again
to remove any residual cleaning solution
until
clean okay so um I've read a couple of
things about how to clean um these
natural sheep skin rugs and I think it
all depends on the kind of backing that
you have okay um so it says specifically
now like the backing can get a little
bit dirty from sitting on your floor
right and when I got it I feel like it
wasn't you know 100% just clean it
hasn't been just getting stuff on it
from my house so um it says on here not
to soak to hide or get it too wet so
I've read things online about people
taking their sheep skin rugs and you
know washing them in the bathtub or
maybe putting them on a really gentle
wool cycle in the washing machine I
think it just depends on what your
backing piece is so for this hide you
know you want to make sure that the
height doesn't shrink or things like
that um it says not to get this fully
wet so I would recommend just kind of
more vigorously spot cleaning with a um
you want to use it I mean a gentle
action not when I that's not what mean
by vigorous I guess um where you clean
it with a detergent wool wash shampoo
like it recommends um do make sure that
it's non- alkaline and then it's a mild
liquid uh that seems to I I've read that
all over the place that make sure I mean
you don't want to take like a regular
laundry detergent or something to this
for sure so do get a specific wool sheep
skin wash for this when you do your spot
cleaning and make sure you rinse out
that area brush it out while it's still
damp and make sure that it's sitting out
in a place where it's getting some nice
air um this is not one like with sheep
skin you wouldn't want to dry this out
in the sun you want to avoid like
natural sunlight when you're drying this
and don't put it next to a radiator or
anything like that that you think will
speed up the drying process um that can
actually be damaging for it so just put
it in a place like if it's a little bit
damp you can lay it out on a towel in
the places that you've washed it and um
Let It air out just by an open window to
make sure it's getting some air flow
like turn on um in the room that I've
got it on I've got a nice open window
and a ceiling fan so that's a great way
to just let it dry out naturally let it
completely dry out and then brush it out
as it's damp and when it's completely
dry so do be careful with that cow hiide
that's on the back not to get it
completely wet um so there are some
specific things I mean with a natural
sheep skin rug they're much more
expensive they're definitely nicer than
you know any rug that you could buy and
throw in your washing machine but it
does take a little bit more time and
Care on your end to take care of it and
make sure that it lasts and stays nice
and lasts you for years rather than
messing up the backing or that nice
sheep skin so um if you're investing in
a nice sheep skin rug like this um just
be aware that uh there are some
different care instructions this one
comes with great really specific ways to
care for this rug in particular which I
like I think the care instructions were
really clear and straightforward um so
but if you do those things you should
take care of it and I haven't seen any
stains or it really getting dirty yet
and I haven't had it for that long but
it does say that it's surprisingly stain
resistant and I've got this nice white
color on mine which is kind of Brave for
my little kids but I've had it in a room
where it's you know not around tons of
spills and things like that but it just
looks gorgeous it looks so nice um next
to my bed and kind of like a rustic look
in my room and it's so nice to walk on
it's completely um soft like it is so
soft and nice and it brushes out you
know and if it gets a little trampled on
things like that like I said a pet brush
will fluff it up nicely any kind of
shedding you can run your vacuum over it
also um but it's beautiful and a really
nice quality
rug you know you've got that cow hide on
the other side real sheep skin um not a
bad price also comparatively I've looked
at other ones for the same size and same
product and and the price is uh pretty
good for this one so I am impressed with
the quality that it's got a nice price
to it but you're still getting a nice
quality rug now this is a small one but
it's a nice one for you know little
areas like if you had a sitting area
maybe wood floors that you had this in
front of you know sitting on the floor
in front of your chair or some people
kind of drape these in their chairs
they're just really cozy and comfortable
um I've seen people using them bedside
just in pictures of how people decorate
with sheep skin rugs just putting them
bedside which is have had mine and I
love it or you know just any kind of
accent piece area that you want to lay
this out and just have a beautiful sheep
skin rug there so um this is my first
time having an allnatural real sheep
skin rug and it is really nice so I
definitely understand why it costs more
and why you pay a little bit more for
something like this rather than um you
know your standard rug that you can just
pick up and throw in the washing machine
so does have some specific care you're
going to have to brush this out like it
your pet to keep it looking fluffy and
nice and do some careful spot cleaning
on it uh but if you take good care of it
then you're going to maintain this
beautiful rug and keep it looking nice
for you for years so yeah I'm definitely
impressed with this and this has been
your closer look again this is a rug
that's by S Hills rug and
um yeah I'm impressed by the quality
it's really nice and it's beautiful