hey there and welcome to no recipe
required real quick demo for you today
just um taking thy leaves off the stem I
love cooking with fresh herbs and uh
thyme is definitely one of my favorites
it's um it little little tiny tiny tiny
leaves on a long kind of delicate stem
not super easy to pull off cuz you
really but necessary you really do want
the leaves you don't want those stems in
your dish that uh you can do it pretty
easily if you if you kind of pull it
right let me show you how to do it what
I want to show you today I've got a
bunch of time here time is an herb that
um I use all the all the time no pun
intended um but it's it's really useful
it's in a lot of lot of dishes uh adds a
great flavor to it what I want to show
you is just how to uh pull the leaves
off as simply as possible because you
don't want to uh you don't want to throw
this whole stem in there you got people
you know pulling that out of the dish
it's not really that's great it's like a
piece of floss um so what I do if you
look at the um if you look at the leaves
there they kind of grow in One Direction
you know they grow in this case they're
growing up what I do you just take your
fingers sometimes you're going to break
a stem like that that's okay take your
fingers and just kind of very gently
pull the stem up or pull your fingers
down and you can get all those leaves to
fall right off the um right off the stem
and you know you do it a few times uh
with a few leaves and eventually you get
as much time as you needed as you need
there you go take taking leaves off of a
stem of time I'll see you next time and
no recipe required