today I'm going to share with you this
easy science experiment on how to blow
up a balloon with baking soda and
vinegar use a funnel to pour some
vinegar into the bottle approximately a
quarter of a cup should be enough wipe
off any excess vinegar from the funnel
then place the balloon over the end of
the funnel pour the baking soda into the
balloon and place the balloon over the
end of the bottle with the vinegar lift
the balloon so the baking soda falls
into the bottle and watch the balloon
expand when the reaction is done gently
take the balloon off the end of the
bottle and tie it up have your child
play with the balloon for a minute they
may notice that it falls much faster
than a balloon filled with air because
it's filled with carbon dioxide which is
heavier than air for more projects like
this one check out our channel and if
you're not already a subscriber please
subscribe new videos are posted every
week