painting the interior of your home
painting the interior of your house or
just a room is one of the easiest and
most cost effective ways to revitalize
redecorate or renew the look of a home
when you paint a room here's the order
in which you should apply paint 1 the
ceiling 2 walls 3 moldings and casings
for doors and 5 window trims here's the
list of tools and materials for this
project
start by preparing the room you'll paint
take small pieces of furniture lamps and
all decorative items out of the room and
spread a drop sheet over the floor and
bigger pieces of furniture cover
everything you don't want to paint then
prepare the surfaces sink any exposed
nails or screws and fill holes and
cracks with a patching compound protect
moldings and casings with masking tape
on the areas that have been repaired
apply a first coat of primer then apply
a second thick coat of primer on all
surfaces let dry before painting start
by painting the ceiling after cutting
the corners apply the first coat of
paint with a roller moving vertically
across the ceiling apply the second coat
ruling horizontally to avoid streaking
make sure the first coat of paint is
totally dry before applying the second
coat before painting the walls cut the
corners moldings and casings with an
angular paint brush then one wall
section at a time roll the paint in a
zigzag pattern as if you're painting
large w's
remove masking tape quickly before the
paint dries completely then paint
moldings and casings with a smaller
paintbrush to pink the doors use a
roller or a paintbrush removing the door
from its frame will make the task easier
when you're done clean your paintbrushes
with soap and lukewarm water for latex
paint or with solvent for oil-based
paint if you'll reuse the paintbrushes
within the next few days seal them in
plastic wrap
finally store the paint in a
hermetically sealed container and keep
it in a room where the temperature is
neither too cold nor too hot
you