okay we're going to make a thing here
that you throw in a fire campfire and
it'll change the color of the flames to
blue and green you get reds and just all
kinds of colors just a few simple things
you need 3/16 inch drill bit a piece of
one inch copper pipe plumbing pipe and
if you cut it all about a foot long a
piece of garden hose an old junk one
work sign and that's just about 12
inches long also a little coat hanger
might have a marker and a drill and
we'll put this thing together and show
you how it works um after we get it
together
whatever thing that I remembered to you
should have as some safety glasses
because you get something in your eye
you'll be digging that out so you put
those on and what you want to do take
the copper pipe put a mark about 2
inches 4 inches 6 inches 8 inches and 10
inches and then rotate the pipe 90
degrees so you got you're going to have
a row marks here and then if we rotate
the pipe 90 degrees we're going to put
marks in between those
and those would be two inches apart also
and then we're just kind of that's where
we're going to drill holes all the way
through the pipe you're going to want to
have a vise to put that pipe in to hold
it nice and tight really makes it handy
and then you're going to want to drill
all the way through the pipe on each one
of the marks
you don't have to be real precise as you
can see this one's not straight with
that one doesn't really matter then when
you get those all drilled turn it 90
degrees and you drill the other side and
after all those are drilled got to be a
little bit careful with it because there
are some sharp edges here and I'll show
you a trick that you can do to get rid
of those sharp edges you can use a real
large like a half inch drill bit and you
can just kind of put it in a hole and
just give it a little twist clean those
burrs off from there you can just use
this copper pipe and throw it in a fire
without doing all this and you'll get
some pretty good color out of it but
something to do with that garden hose
when you slip it on the inside of that
really enhances the colors then if you
were to just throw the copper pipe in
there so after you got them holes
drilled and you can see that they go all
the way through this way and all the way
through this way okay we're going to
attach the coat hanger as a handle to
the pipe till just take the coat hanger
all apart and untwist it whatever you
got to do and after you get it fairly
straight so it'll go through those holes
put it through the holes
so it's halfway and then just bend it
back around and when you get to the
other end you might even want to maybe
put a little loop here so that you can
pull it out of the fire
target end if you had a pair of pliers
would make things easier too and that
makes a nice little handle for it as it
goes into fire so then the next thing
you do is load the garden hose into the
end of the pipe depending on the size of
the garden hose it could fall out before
you get to the fire so what you might
want to do take your pliers again and
just squeeze the end of it a little bit
just to give it a little bit of
resistance going in so the garden hose
doesn't accidentally fall out
a little bit more oh okay
now I staying in there pretty good and
that's how you do tonight when it gets
dark we'll build a fire and works best
to have a lot of coals and just bury it
underneath the logs inside the coals
with the handle sticking out and we'll
see what it does tonight when you do
build your fire and you have this out
there this will be glowing cherry red
when you pull it out of the fire after
the garden hose burns up and the color
starts fading so you're going to want to
have like a oven mitt to grab onto the
wire with and then a bucket of water so
you can cool it off real quick so nobody
gets burned you just got to find a nice
little spot to put it in there and I
think probably right in there in a world
late it'll work better when there's a
lot of flame and put your mitt on
and just work that into the fire there a
little bit leave the handle of the
copper tube out here say grab it to pull
it out later
and once it's in there you'll start
noticing the fire changing colors now
you can see some green fire up here and
there's some blue way down in there when
you do this at a campground everybody
really looks and checks out your fire
because it's not many people have that
colorful of a fire would you recommend
having two in there dad
oh you could
but after the color does go away you
want to grab that handle and pull it out
cool this copper pipe off if you leave
it in the fire it'll just burn up and
you'll have to make another one but you
can reuse it after it's cool put another
piece of hose in there and put it back
in there or save it for the next
campfire so I'll pull it out and you can
see how hot it is and then we got a
bucket of water here it will dump dunk
it in to cool it off whoa extremely hot
so you don't want to just lay it down
you catch your grass on fire or burn
somebody so you bring it over your
bucket of water ready yeah and now it's
safe to touch and even after we pulled
it out you can still see there's some
color in the fire still like residue yep
cool well happy camping