oh okay
hey I'm tier and it's my first youtube
video I'm not the best at makeup or hair
art - crowd shrieking but I wouldn't try
my best
yeah so what I'm gonna do today is I'm
going to try to show you guys how to
make an ordinary pillow case short into
a fabulous shirt the pictures will be
built below
I'm not that kind of computers either so
I don't know how to put the thing into
the video thank you since I was my
really weird face what's nice is the
name of my hair away the anyway we're
gonna need to make a shirt at the
pillowcase is of course holidays well
we're doing its couple of paces like
that but in this case you're gonna need
to take a either a razor you see or a
pocket knife or any type of sharp
utensil if you're little and you're not
really good with stuff like this that
might cut you please get a parent to do
it because I don't want people soon
easing this is my dude anyway and you're
gonna need to just like cut the seams
from the floodgates all the way here UST
and then all over here I'm just going to
leave one side so that you have a huge
Jonesy and you're also going to need a
hair tie anywho any hair tie you want
hope preferably small but don't have
someone just completely rework it's a
headband been slated for him to thin but
I had been
and last but not least they're going to
need well go ahead three safety pins
okay two of them should be big one of
them small I feel it will have a small
one then just you don't think yeah makes
easier
okay well this took me a couple hours
because I didn't have like dinner what I
was doing it first but no anyway see
most people could put this side the
small side around the hood just but I
really I can't press a big butt so I
usually use the long side see and when I
usually want to do is first something
with my hair up
I don't my hair the way I don't wanna
put this I said in the pits pretty side
I try to put a lot like that around like
this it might take a couple minutes to
safety pin it because I don't I take
forever
oh yeah I also have to kind of save her
to myself just say crap oh yeah I know
how I did it and it's just gonna look
like this I'm holding out for television
I'm just like this are you right yeah
kind of small kind of sucks and then
you're going to want to get some pop I
got to get rolling again sorry guys
you're gonna want to get I'm going to
get this and you're going to fold it up
a little bit just to like if it's your
long like tall it's fine but I'm short
so I kind of fold it up and I'm going to
want to do they wanted to take two sides
right here come together and the safety
pin them safety you go not safe in this
murder
Kozik forever so pens don't like me
see so it puts the house this is what
you're gonna have some bark Kevlar look
I may say so myself
take your hair tie like what the hair to
act of it want to go inside you don't
want to take scrunch it up until like a
little ball no wait looking right
everyone what to wait to be sure to stay
tight until you feel comfortable I think
you won't fall out crap
see it's hybrid that's just a lesson
okay tie inside double knot time time
agrees America seems doing great yeah
see you see salt baggie
it's awesome how you didn't even do it's
a third one I will just kind of take
extra flags in the back and just take
the nose
Taylor this one's hard to see how they
think in those together but who am I
take the pins I love you should help but
who is this I'm kind of just make it
love it prettier if you want to little
bit more tighter it's fine see I must
make it a little bit more tighter
I mean if without that thing look kind
of weak with the same but kind of oh
you're gonna have to wait I want to be
sorry about the Lakers
you shouldn't get bit more and then I
kind of like this part so I just kind of
tuck it in a little bit it'll work this
is basically what it is if you don't
like it then don't do it but I like it
just take out my hair I'm just gonna
about to tilt your head a little bit but
this is what it looks like
I think that's nice looks like a blouse
like if you're at a pool party or
anything and like all you have like a
path like a pillowcase stupid like if
you have like a bandana or like a scarf
or anything you can do the same thing I
like using bouquets because of the
texture I'm just like I think it looks
nicer so this is simple easy possible
stuff if your parents let you you let
yourself anyway that's my tutorial of
how how it how to make a shirt with a
pillowcase
I hope guy liked it and see you next
time Hey