hello and welcome back to the cupcake
Jenna channel and it is summer oh I love
something so much and it's not just
about ice cream for me although I am a
massive fan of ice cream obviously
because it's great but for me England in
the summertime means berries and
strawberries and meringue and cream and
if you've been watching my channel for a
very long time then you will know that
Eton Mess is my all-time favorite
dessert I've actually done an Eton Mess
recipe video before ages and ages ago
so obviously this recipe video isn't
gonna be about a mess it is going to be
about the next best thing which is a
pavlova I love pavlova it's so simple it
looks amazing and this particular
pavlova that I'm going to show you is
kind of like a celebratory pavlova
because I'm going to do it in the shape
of a letter obviously you can do it any
letter you like I'm gonna do J because I
want to eat the whole thing by myself
which is totally okay right it's mostly
air so I'm going to show you how to do
it I'm gonna start by making the pavlova
which is the meringue bit and I'm gonna
make two layers so we're gonna sandwich
it together like a cake and I've done
lots of meringues as you know but this
one is gonna be slightly different and I
put vinegar in it and that's gonna give
the the Mariah sort of nice fluffy
chewiness inside so as usual meringues
are made with eggs and sugar and you
want to weigh your egg whites and then
double that weight in sugar so this is
why you need scales I often talk about
how important they are but this is
another good reason why they're
important so I've got six egg whites in
my bowl and that weighed 175 grams so I
then measured 350 grams of caster sugar
so I'm gonna start by putting my egg
right into my mixing bowl which has a
balloon whisk attachment and for both
the bowl and the whisk attachment I
wiped around with vinegar vinegar
vinegar just to make sure there was
grease free completely clean because if
it's not then it will prevent the egg
whites from whipping up
and I'm gonna get that on to a medium
low speed and then add half a teaspoon
of vinegar until it starts to froth up
and get sort of slightly bubbly at which
point I will turn up a little bit
right so it started to go more opaque
the bubbles are smaller it's not quite
at stiff peaks yet this is just right
for putting the sugar in so I'm going to
do spoonful by spoonful very carefully
as the whisk goes round
and with all your sugar in you they want
to leave it whisking at quite a high
speed this is just right until all the
sugar has dissolved and it's lovely and
fluffy and stick I'm just going to
finish off with a pinch of salt and a
bit of vanilla just half a teaspoon fine
to put a flavour looking really good and
is grain free so it's ready now this
both layers of my pavlova cake are going
to be white but I do want to decorate
this really nicely pretty so I'm gonna
also make some little meringues in blue
and pink just to kind of pick things up
a bit so get most of your meringue off
your width and then I've got two bowls
here and I'm gonna put a small dollop of
my meringue mixture into each bowl and
they're gonna be my blue and pink
barracks
[Music]
when you're coloring meringues you want
to make sure you're folding it rather
than stirring it too much you need to be
quite gentle so you don't know if all
the air out for my pink ones I also want
to add a little bit of bit more depth to
the color so I'm also not only am I
gonna put the pink meringue in the
piping bag I'm also going to paint
stripes of darker pink up the inside of
my piping bag which isn't lit really
cool when I pipe it out so I'm just
using a paintbrush here with neat food
coloring so don't dilute it in any way
but don't like put it so much on that
it's gonna come out of big globs you
just want a light stripe or two or three
or four uh of the inside of your piping
bag and once you're satisfied the amount
of pink stripe edge you've got going on
just go ahead and put your pink meringue
into the body bag
and then with the remaining meringue the
white and rang go ahead and put that
into a bigger piping bag with a big
round nozzle on the end so I've got all
my meringue or in my piping bags and now
I need to make my two layers so I have
in front of me a big baking sheet and
I've drawn a big J look at that how you
found my name with a J naught G a J
everyone cook them and I have also laid
over a piece of baking parchment over
the top of that so that I can see my day
and now I'm going to just do the outline
of the J with my big piping bag and then
fill in the gaps
now you don't have to do this but I
quite like to just ruffle it up a little
bit at the same time as kind of
flattening it out with a palette knife
it it doesn't make too much of a
difference because this is going to be
kind of messy but I I just like to make
sure that it's a little bit more even
now in your domestic kitchen you
probably won't be able to fit a gigantic
baking sheet like this we've got
obviously massive baking ovens here at
bakery so you'll probably want to put
these on two sheets and on two trays but
I'm going to use all my space and put my
little decoration my pink decorations
and my blue decorations around the
outside they do take less time to cook
so I'll just want to pick them off when
they're ready but I think this is for me
this is a good use of space but you can
just leave your meringues to sit while
the other guys cook if you want that's
something you can do if you don't have a
gigantic of enlightening so now that all
my meringue has been piped out I'm gonna
get on with baking these and I've set my
oven to ninety degrees C which is quite
low the big J's are gonna need to be in
the oven for 50 to 60 minutes there's
quite a long time the little dudes
though they need to come out after about
20 min it so set your timer for 20 when
they're ready they'll come off the paper
really easily so just pick them all off
and put the Jade's back in for another
more so if it's 23 no for another that's
30 to 40 minutes and then when that
time's up
turn the oven off and just leave them in
there until the oven is completely cool
and if time to assemble this brilliant
pavlova letter cake I'm very excited
these are my favorite things all in one
I can't wait to eat this I don't know if
I even gonna be able to share it
Oh anyway cream is the next bit cream
meringue and berries are just the best
combination so I am using a double cream
which in some places is called every
cream I think you can also use whipping
cream if you like you can even add a
push use squirty cream if you can't be
bothered with all of this stuff but I
really enjoy whipping cream so that's
why I'm doing it so I've got and 400
grams of double cream which might be too
much I don't know if it is I'll just eat
it it's fine and I've also got 30 grams
of icing sugar which I'm just gonna put
straight in and I'm gonna whisk these
this time not by hand I know you guys
know that I love doing
whipped cream by hand but this is quite
a lot of cream to do by hand would it's
just I had whisk so I'm using this guy
because I love him and he's super quick
and and I normally I wouldn't advocate
whipping cream to a very stiff peak
because I like it when it's like floppy
but because we're gonna need to pipe
this I want it somewhere past floppy but
before stiff hopefully you guys know
what I'm talking about I mean it should
be fairly obvious when I pipe it anyway
hey guys so what I mean is like this so
soft peaks I suppose and I like to
finish it off by hand a bit as well so
that the machine because the machine is
very powerful so I reckon that's about
right now I want to get this into a
piping bag and I've got a round nozzle
on the end
so that I can type it neatly I've got
all my cream in my piping bag and
actually it does it like quite a lot but
that's fine because I really enjoy
eating cream I've also got a certain
fresh fruit I've got some lovely British
strawberries and British raspberries and
some blueberries probably not British
but you never know English what
strawberries are my absolute favorite
and these are so cute and I'm gonna have
people sort of mixing them all up on the
inside and with the cream and I've also
got some edible flowers and then I'm
gonna finish it off with some lovely
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
well I think I'm finished I think it's I
don't know if there's any more space
that I can put any more fruit and
flowers on to be honest but I am really
happy with my little pavlova cake and
hopefully you guys give it a go if you
do make sure you take a picture and put
it on your Instagram feed using a
hashtag cupcake Gemma and that way I
will definitely see it I check them
every week and my favorites I even put
on my own Instagram feed on mega fan
Monday so make sure you keep an eye out
for your picture and I'll be back next
week if I have you just you know rolled
into a food pavlova coma from eating
this whole thing by myself which is
basically what I'm about to do so see ya
leave me to it I need to eat my pavlova
cake