hi I'm Christiane Tamez and today I'm
really excited to be joining forces with
one of my friends David pantalla from
good things with David and we're going
to be showing you how to dye fabric and
what I have right here is some beautiful
white linen it's really nice high
quality 100% linen fabric and a 1699 a
yard which is kind of expensive but if
you think about it you can buy four
napkins for forty dollars and one of
those stores and we'll be able to make a
lot of napkins out of this fabric and I
have two yards and I think I'll get
about eight napkins something like that
and what I have right here is the rib
eye
some salt because it asks you to add a
cup of salt to the dye bath for cotton
and linen blends and all those
instructions are right here on the side
of the bottle but what I'm going to do
is just take this and measure up four
ounces because it's an eight ounce
bottle and for this amount of fabric you
only need half of the bottle but you
want to be as exact as possible so you
have that and you can just add it to
your water and I should mention this is
over medium-high heat just a nice low
heat you do want it to be warm so that
the fabric will let take the dye into
and absorb all the color so it's really
easy you can do it in the washing
machine you can do it in the sink I just
like it in on top of the stove because
it's just easier to clean up and you
don't have to worry about anything
staining in your washing machine so just
go ahead and get all that dye out of
there and it's also a good idea to have
gloves if you don't want to be wearing
this color all over yourself but then
just add the cup of salt dyeing the
fabric and just make sure it's nice and
warm especially when you want one nice
solid color when you're dipping it into
the dye you want to make sure that no
folds and that is all being taken in
because if you have inhibited one area
from absorbing the dye you will get a
tie-dye effect and that's not really
what you want I'm just going to go ahead
and stir this
just a little bit to try and get that
salt to dissolve a little bit I'm just
going to take my fabric and dip it in
carefully
and you really want to make sure that
you're moving that fabric round so that
all that does have the ability to soak
in all that color you can already see
how fast I mean it's already blue but
what you want to do is let this stay in
here for about an hour 30 minutes to an
hour the package says but I really like
to let this sit for a good long time you
can see all the air bubbles working out
of the fabric trapped in there and you
also want to make sure that your fabric
has been washed and dried in advance
because some of those sizing agents and
things that you can find on fabric from
the fabric store can inhibit the fabric
from actually taking in the color of the
dye just make sure it's all down in
there and if you're worried that some of
the fabric is going to come in the float
to the top because of course put a
little plate so that would nestle right
in here on top weighed it down a little
bit but you're supposed to just keep a
vigilant eye and don't leave this for
too long make sure that you're always
pushing it down and helping that fabric
take in the color but you'll just let
this cook on the stove or in the sink or
in the washing machine and if you try to
choose to do it that way for about 30
minutes and then you'll rinse it in the
sink until it runs clear and then wash
it in the washing machine on a cold
cycle not warm because you don't want to
remove any of the color the cool kind of
helps it set but anyways it's that
simple it's that easy dyeing fabric no
time at all and I think you'll really
like colors you get I hope you try it