morning guys I'm not going to be in this
photo it's early in the or this video
because it's early in the morning but
I'm doing this video because I know how
you know a lot of people have problems
with roaches you know water bugs that
take a thing and I read about this
little natural solution but had to wait
to see if it really worked I wasn't
going to just you know try it and then
say oh yeah it works so normally at this
time of the summer I couldn't even sit
on the front porch without roaches
crawling everywhere or you know you get
up in the middle of the night you see
the Rope scuttle across the floor well
there was several of them because this
is a very very very old home and you
know how that problem can be with older
homes well I found this solution started
it at the beginning of the summer
I guess June and wanted to see how it
worked well I've got to tell you guys
this is unbelievable I no longer wake up
at night and see roaches you know
walking across the floor I no longer sit
outside on my porch and see roaches all
over and I want to tell you this works
it's the most simple thing and cheap
thing in the world you need nothing more
than powdered sugar and baking soda now
I keep my powdered sugar in this it's a
juice bottle I keep it in there because
it keeps it fresh it's airtight and so
it doesn't get all you know clumpy like
it can and I keep my baking soda in a
Nutella and holding the tell a jar
because I can't stay in those little
boxes you know drive me nuts so I keep
my baking soda in a little Nutella
container so there's my baking soda
there's my powdered sugar all you do is
mix half-and-half
okay that's it half and half mix it
together real well and then what I do I
get a container like say for instance
this old you know sour cream container
let's see if I can I don't know I can do
this with you guys watching here because
it's not set up I didn't really
for this but all I do is you get in
container make sure it has a lid and I
could open a little thing like this okay
you want to make it to where the roach
can crawl in but you know how they are
they get in tiny little places so I just
kind of make it like this that's all I
do make it big enough for the big
roaches to get into but this is just to
give you an idea you see there there's a
hole cut in and do a better job of
course so that it's nice and smooth that
they can just you know crawl into like
this with the lid like this there you go
it's a little bit better I guess but you
get the idea cut it to where there's a
hole like that and then you put the I
mean first you know of course you put
those I mean you put those baking soda
or baking soda and powdered sugar
mixture of half-and-half in there
together half baking soda half powdered
sugar mix it up well put it in here and
then you have the container down like
this and so that the powdered sugar is
laying you know flat down here like that
then you get your container snap the lid
unsecure and you place it wherever
you're having a problem with the roaches
well another thing is if you have
problems with roaches inside it's a very
good idea to put this stuff outside you
don't want to attract them into your
home that's why I've always thought it
was strange that when you get these
little you know Roach Motels and things
they tell you to put them in a house
well you attract them in if you have an
area in your home yeah where they're
really severe then yeah go ahead and put
it in there so they can get to it I did
I put one or not I didn't put the
container I actually there's an opening
under the sink I don't know it's an old
home and anyway there's this area where
they can get into so I just literally
poured some back there and I put some on
top of little lids like this one in
particular I just use the lid and I put
some on top of that without the hole and
I slid it under the refrigerator and
under the stove because we all know
that's where you know roaches tend to
hang out is the kitchen in any place
where there is water or moisture
humidity
so anyway you put it in there and you
anchor this like I have this outside and
I have two rocks we'll pretend these are
rocks guys and I put two rocks at each
side like this anchor it so that the
little hole is at the bottom so that the
roaches can crawl in and I anchor it
like that so that the wind can't get to
it I have it down on the ground I have
one in the backyard you know I have one
in the front yard and guys I've got to
tell you what I am just shocked at the
amount of roaches I no longer see it
used to be I mean literally I could not
sit outside without roaches crawling all
over you could just see them especially
you know in the once the summer comes
and it's warm at this time of the year
last time I literally cannot sit out
there my daughter would have a panic
attack we'd be sitting there are roaches
just start crawling in around the porch
what have you they were everywhere you
could see them walking on the you know
driveway that type of thing and I am NOT
one who likes to use pest control you
know poisons because I have pets and I
have grandchildren and I don't want it
for myself either because that stuff
gets into the air when you spray it in
your home and you have pest control
command that stuff you breathe it and
they know that this causes problems with
human health so I won't use that kind of
stuff so guys I'm telling you this works
unbelievably I am just in shock at how
this has worked last year at this time I
would get up you know how you get up at
1:00 2:00 in the morning for whatever
reason you walk into the kitchen and you
see them scuttling around or on the
floors wherever so far this year I've
seen three a total of three or this
summer since June and that is incredible
I've seen three in the house and I
haven't seen any actually for quite a
while but I wanted to show you guys that
this is unbelievable it really works you
need nothing more than powdered sugar
and baking soda just set it up wherever
you want you got to have a closed
container so that the wind this you know
doesn't just blow it away if you set it
outside I set them outside because I
want to attract them to go outside I
don't want
coming inside the only reason I put it
under the refrigerator and the stove is
because there was quite a few but now
there I don't see any I just it's
amazing how this has worked and also
another little tip guys is make sure at
night you close all of your your sink
drains hold on a second I'm going to
cover this because I know how that can
be so dizzying to watch somebody walk
all over but for instance you know
here's the here's a bathroom sink and
you just make sure you close your little
thing at night just make sure you close
them all well I'm not going to do it and
we close that same with your shower okay
you make sure you put like a little
something over your shower drain so that
it's sealed because roaches come up
through your drains that's one of the
main places places they come out through
and for instance like this little you
know how every sink has this little
thing here for overflow well I put a
piece of scotch tape over because I just
don't need to worry about overflow but I
put a piece of scotch tape over because
I literally won I came in here at one
o'clock use a bathroom you know how that
goes and I saw a roach crawl out of here
and that's when I thought okay it's true
they really do come up through the
drains so I put a piece of tape across
there I closed my drains every night
shower and sink drains I like in the
shower in the other bathroom for
instance I put a you have to cover it
don't just close it like you're you know
closing it for a bath or anything you
have to actually I'll show you real
quick hold on here
this was my makeshift solution here
because I had until in this shower okay
I'll show you I just literally found
this little thing that fit over the
drain and so that's what I did I just
stuck it over the drain this little
plastic container and no roaches can
crawl up through those holes and believe
it or not guys you might think oh that's
not a big deal it is a big deal hold on
I'm moving to campus it is a big deal
because I have seen them come up through
the drains I have seen them come up
through openings around the sinks and
stuff so I tend to seal anything around
the sink where they could come through
but you have to cover your your drains
if you can't shut it like the sink one
where I just showed you of course you
can pull it and it's completely sealed
and shut for instance in the showers you
buy those you know those plastic they're
like plastic or rubber type they're just
flat things you buy at Walmart or
whatever flat covers you just you can
just drop it over the drain and that
will seal it let's see I'll show you
hold on just a minute
okay another little trick hold on hold
on here I hate to do that whole dizzying
thing okay guys patience patience la la
la la la la
so anyway okay here we go you know these
things you can get it at Walmart or any
practically any hardware store and then
you just drop it on top of your drain in
the shower of it and it seals all the
holes I should get one for my bathroom
but I never think about this is in the
other bathroom so I've been using that
bowl I'll have to remember it's one of
those things I just don't remember what
I'm in the store just to get one of
these little things because I don't use
it other than for you know to cover the
shower drain so anyway guys I just
wanted to show you that this is
unbelievable this really works and of
course make sure it's out of the way of
your pets and children you don't want
them to get into that either and how
this works is the baking soda gets into
the roaches stomachs and it explodes
they they eat so much of it and I know
it's true because a few days ago I found
on the porch and just out of curiosity I
thought how this one died and I know
might sound gross to you but I want to
know something works well I got some
paper towels picked up the dead Roach
and squished it yeah that's right I
squished it and nothing but white stuff
came out of it white this kind of white
stuff so I thought oh it's belly was
full of it so guys it works and also
another little thing I wanted to show
you hold on just a minute
another little trip I just cover it
because I can't stand it when I see all
that dizzying movement when somebody
goes from one room to another so I don't
want to do it but I'm going to show you
something okay
Here I am outside on a front porch and
I'm showing you we started having a lot
of flies it was driving me insane I
couldn't sit out here without sticking
to your legs your feet everything I
personally cannot stand the smell of
citronella it just nauseates me
well I read an article that says flies
can't stand the smell of lavender well
so today I thought I'm going to give it
a test run so when I came out here just
a few minutes before taping this flies
everywhere just everywhere so I lit the
lavender cab calendar and candle guys
sorry it's early morning here I let the
lavender candle and lo and behold all
the Flies are gone I am Telling You
right now they are gone
and of course lavender smells beautiful
it's relaxing but I am sitting here
right now no flies buzzing around and
just 20 minutes ago I was sitting here
they were everywhere and as I walked out
the front door now to show you this the
whole porch area is just filled with the
scent of lavender
so obviously this one works because I'm
sitting here undisturbed
I couldn't even set my coffee cup down I
like to come out in the morning with my
coffee
I couldn't even set my coffee cup down
without
there were three flies that landed on it
immediately and I can't stand that so
just to show you guys there's a few
natural things that you know really work
the roach one was especially important
to me because those things are filthy
and they carry diseases and at the same
time I don't want to use poisons because
they do hurt humans and anybody who
tells you they don't they're lying
you go around spraying raid and all this
other stuff in your home and have pest
control command and spray everything you
are breathing that in regardless of
whether or not it dries it does
evaporate into the air and you breathe
it and it is harmful to the human body
so anyway guys just a couple of little
hints one for the roaches one for the
Flies and I think the the powdered sugar
baking soda works on more than roaches
because I saw a little a little cluster
of dead ants outside here so I'm
thinking maybe they got into it too so
anyway and in fact guys what I want to
do is there's a in the house in front of
me it's an empty house there's a huge
mound with those horrible black ants you
know those big black ants I'm going to
pour some of that baking powder and
powdered sugar or solution over there or
and see what it does see if it kills
them off but anyway just wanted to show
you and it was worked beautifully on the
roaches guys and you all know how that
is they get everywhere in everything and
they are disgusting and this is the
first summer I'm not seeing them all
over the place and it is wonderful so
set them around outside all over outside
attract them out of your house now like
I said if you do have an area in your
home where it's really really bad yeah
go ahead and set it in there but make
your main attraction to go outside but
yes I do I do have one under the
refrigerator one under the stove and in
fact I put one in the claws that I put a
container and there was
one closet because there's one room that
we just never use and you know bugs like
a room where there's no activity there's
a room we just never really used so I
put one in there because I had seen four
or five crawling across the floor and
now none I never see any so there you go
guys just a little hint to help with
those you know pesky little creatures
that drive is crazy so have a good one
bye bye