hi and saline I want to share with you
today how to cook liver and onions my
way
stay tuned watch my video and I'll show
you step by step how I make it
hi saline and welcome back to my channel
today's video is a cooking video where I
just really show you how I do
step-by-step recipes and instructions
and today I'm cooking liver and onions
my kids like liver which is a good thing
and I think liver is good so I want to
just show you how I do it it's very
simple very easy and if you're new to my
channel please consider watching oh I
actually like to use either beef or calf
liver and you can get this in the
freezer section and it's actually filled
and a couple of different pouches I like
to take the liberal pal jizz and drain
it because you'll have some liquid come
like so and so the liquid that you see
that's what you want to drain you don't
want to cook with that liquid so it's as
easy as I open up each and I drain it in
my strainer in my sink and yes I've
already washed my hands it's I'm going
to season it with salt and pepper and
then I'll dip it into a little bit of
flour and I also make my liver with
onions so what I'm gonna do now is I'm
gonna go ahead and get my onions on the
skillet and start kind of sauteing them
a little bit and then that way by the
time I'm ready to cook the livers
deliver I'll be able to take this out so
I just take a regular onion sharp knife
a cutting board we have one and I just
cut the ends
I took my liver and I seasoned it with
salt and pepper now I'm gonna take each
piece of liver and it's very slimy but
you'll get used to the field
you take the liver and I've already
seasoned it and then I just kind of lay
it in the flour just a light dusting of
flour like so and I'll lay it on this
other plate and then I'll do all four
pieces up two minutes on each side
because then I'll make what's a gravy
and then I'll let it kind of simmer in
that gravy for like another 20 or 30
minutes
so my have been sauteing in a little bit
of oil so I'm gonna go ahead and drain
them because you get I don't want to
cook them that long because once I do my
gravy I'm gonna cook them again with the
liver and you can see I also have a pot
of rice that's cooking I like to make
rice with the liver you can also do
pasta or mashed potatoes my family loves
rice with their liver
drained out a paper towel plate gym
towel now for the liver so I'm going to
take each piece and I'm gonna try to use
the tongs I don't mess up my fingers
again and all you do is you lay it in
the pan this liver will fall apart it's
totally fine in my opinion because I cut
the liver up into pieces anyway so that
is easier for my kids to kind of cut it
and you
shoo it so I don't really try to
maintain keeping the whole liver as it I
just let it happen so I want to do like
a minute to 2 minutes per side and I
have a special guest joining I do
do you want to make it apparent yeah I
like any different
yeah I'm swimming now but this is livers
one of my favorite dishes I don't want
to okay so we're gonna drain the liver
so again just did not overcook it it's
slightly brown or you could just see the
way I like it
yeah we could save this grease up oil
because the world needs oil
okay and a teaspoon I slowly okay thank
you so morning yes you're so smart and I
slowly and just keep doing that until it
kind of reaches the consistency agree
a little bit more salt pepper you want
to make sure it's well-seasoned even
though the onions in the liver season
you want to make sure your crazy
[Music]
so now I'm gonna take the onions and put
the onions back in and sure that's gonna
blend them in save me to pieces that's
not like that do a little bath in the
grave turn it on both sides
Jana had a little bit of an injury just
now cooking injury he's got a bag of
Honor he's understanding the heat I hope
that bad garner can get me to get 18 I'm
a peaceful ah come here legs guys she
tries to cut out sparklers heavy
breathing they're not they always like
they're like that a couple feet away
they're good I am down the food but it's
okay
man so they can kind of see delivering
the onions
there it is a finished product I'm just
gonna let it simmer when you let it sit
it gets your lighter and then 20 minutes
or so top on our timers going off
because the rice is ready can you put a
little bit of salt and pepper and the
rice funny just a little bit so like my
luck I'm a little messy
that's fine and then there's a spoon
over there you can just stir you need
this the salt and pepper with the rice
and so the way we serve our liver and
onions
I'll have a plate and I'll put rice at
the bottom and then I'll put the liver
on top okay
now do you want to take my liver and
share with everyone how yummy it is wait
a minute just finish that put the top on
it and then you turn towards the camera
or you can tell them okay you're done I
think you're done
it doesn't need all that turning it's
good thank you
so this is some of the liver that's not
um drizzled in the gravy but Chandler
likes it both ways ways this season it's
all season no it's not you really know
anytime it's season then you know it on
that way enjoy everybody how they taste
and your thoughts on it that's good
I just like mine a little bit more
seasoned you can always not season as
much and then let people individually
season more like he's doing there you go
okay yummy okay thank you for watching
my video today if you haven't subscribed
please kid or consider subscribing