[Music]
fender stratocaster okay
the innovation of which there were many
with this guitar is the synchronized
tremolo so what Leo fender called it and
we know it as vibrato or whammy bar okay
it allows you to do vibrato instead of
with just one note with a chord okay and
when you get a Stratocaster that's made
in Mexico or an American Standard the
bridge is not flush against the body
when the bridge is flush against the
body you can only go in one direction
down and that's not true vibrato you
need to be able to waver the note you
need to pull up right and these pages
are about an eighth of an inch off of
the body as sets in the factory on the
main of Mexico standard Stratocasters
and on your American Series guitars so
when people see that sometimes are
noticing for the first time it's like
well has this thing stay in tune well
outside of Van Halen type dive-bombs
your Stratocaster will stay in tune when
you're using the tremolo the way I think
a little fender design is to be used and
it's just another way of being
expressive on the guitar
all right and how do we keep it in tune
well with my stratocasters that are
non-locking right first thing that you
need to do or stretch out the strings
alright so you've got your guitar
strings tuned up the pitch stretch them
out as you do it right at the 12th fret
that's the midpoint between year and
year all right went down quite a bit
[Music]
after we have successfully stretched out
each string being very very gentle with
the high e because you don't want to
break it
you've now eliminated at least one of
the main factors that can make this
guitar go out of tune when you're using
the tremolo
you can see Banias room just fine that's
pretty good all right so the other
factor that you can address with this
guitar after stretching out the strings
and making sure everything is seated
properly is using one of several
commercially available lubricants that
are designed to reduce the amount of
friction in the nut slot which is the
main point of contact between the string
where you're playing and right here
obviously right some nuts are made of
materials that are introduced less
friction than others but every one of
the guitars that I have that our
non-locking trim no matter what the nut
material is I use lubricant a little
goes a very long way and after you
stretched out the strings and you
introduce this lubricant into each nut
slot thereby reducing as much as
possible the amount of friction at this
point of contact the string will slide
easily and will not bind up so if you
ever tuning your guitar and you hear
that high-pitched you know that's
actually the sound of the string getting
caught in that nut slot so by stretching
out the strings introducing a lubricant
into each nut slot you are really doing
basically everything you can do and
everything you need to do to make sure
that the guitar stays in tune when using
the tremolo
[Music]
and a tasteful subtle expressive way hey
I'm Brett for more music guitars and I'm
ed from the same place you should
subscribe to this YouTube channel
because it's basically awesome
informative fun educational fun for the
whole family most videos are for the
whole family but just give it a shot
what can you lose
yeah