hi I'm Linda Whitworth from Alberta
barley today we're going to make slow
cooked barley breakfast remember how
mama always said breakfast was the most
important meal of the day well in
today's hectic lifestyle it seems so
hard to get breakfast in our slow cooked
barley breakfast takes the stress away
from that morning rush the other nice
thing about barley is it's low on the
glycemic index so it helps keep your
blood sugar level throughout the day so
you don't get those peaks and valleys
that cause shakiness and anxiety barley
is a whole grain so this is a wonderful
way to start your morning we're going to
use one cup of either pot or pearl
barley in this recipe and four and a
half cups of water
we start by taking a little bit of oil
and brushing it in the bottom of our
crock pot crock pots have made a
resurgence in the last year or two so
get yours out of the cupboard or borrow
mums to make this wonderful breakfast
you can start it on Sunday night for
Monday morning and make a large recipe
it will have breakfast for the first
three or four days of the week we're
going to take our barley add it to the
crock pot and then add our water one
thing you can do is you can substitute
half of your water with either apple
juice or cranberry juice to give you a
sweeter or more tart flavor if you like
that just before bed put the lid on your
crock pot set it to low and go off to
Dreamland if you have one of the new
crock pots that allows you to set for
time you can set your crock pot for six
hours and then let it stay on warm until
you get out of bed in the morning
breakfast is ready but before I take the
lid off our slow cooker let's talk about
some of our toppings you know how
everyone likes a Sunday bar where they
can make their own Sunday well this just
is an added favorite for your family
make a breakfast bar use some dried
fruits nuts
brown sugar whatever pleases your fancy
and let everyone in the family make
their own exciting breakfast Sunday
we'll take the lid off our crock pot
give it a bit of a fluff and then I'm
just going to serve some barley in my
bowl oh it smells delicious garnish with
whatever your favorite toppings are mine
today are dried apricots dried
cranberries and just a little bit of
maple syrup
breakfast is ready slow cooked barley
breakfast join us again next time at go
barley calm mmm delicious
you