[Music]
with a variety of styles to choose from
master mark Master Gardener coiled
edging is an easy and versatile solution
to all of your landscape edging needs
[Music]
before beginning installation uncoil
your edging and allow it to remain in
the Sun this will help straighten out
the edging prior to installation
increase the flexibility needed for
curved designs and decrease the chances
of kinking Master mark Master Gardener
coiled edging can be used in areas that
have yet to be landscaped or used to
replace existing landscaping begin by
prepping the area by digging a trench
for the edging and removing any existing
dirt rocks or mulch as needed position
the edging along the path of your design
to ensure proper length is available use
a hose or rope to help determine the
path of your design master mark Master
Gardener coiled edging can easily be
used to create rounded corners in your
landscape design simply apply the curve
to the edging as you lay out your design
use master mark landscape stakes to
secure the edging to the ground stakes
should be placed at least every four
feet with additional Stakes at each end
and through curves as needed you may
need to use a soft rubber mallet if your
soil is too dense cut your edging to the
necessary length with a heavy-duty
garden shears or hacksaw connect two
pieces of edging together using master
mark couplers cut to length use a
utility knife to create a clean edge if
needed
insert straight coupler and connect the
other pieces of edging also available
from master mark our corner couplers
this will allow for a 90 degree corner
instead of a rounded corner make a
horizontal cut along the edging and
remove the necessary material to allow
for the corner coupler
after you have installed and staked your
edging fill the lawn side of your edging
with dirt
this will help secure your edging in
place and create a nice smooth surface
transition fill the inside of your
landscape bed with rock or mulch as per
your design for more information about
master mark lawn and garden products
visit master mark com
you