okay let's try to clean up this left
side of the kitchen sink here which has
some pretty deep crowd in it so I'm
going to be conservative maybe not
I'll use the other cleaner again it
stinks gonna add some common in here
here we are gonna take this wire stick
the steel guy and this is the most
conservative option to try it that spot
is
[Music]
okay I'm gonna try the grass brush on
this thing okay that's good
[Music]
you need something they really scraped
that grease out if it is brief or if
it's brute plastic I guess we'll never
get it out I don't know what it really
is okay well it doesn't look like it's
working too good
we'll try the nuclear option again with
a big brush put somewhere comma down
here put some of this bar stuff on here
or keep your friend stuff so anyway
we're gonna deal with this now for
almost what 30 minutes and it looks
cleaner on the one side so
classic
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so it's still dirtier than the right
side but coming along man this thing is
really steers it's really stained I
thought about putting some bleach into
it but the scouring pad wouldn't even
touch it
I don't like feel like are throwing
chemicals for this I feel like there's
probably a solvent that could get this
stuff off okay this video is now going
for four minutes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
coming along alright well you can see
where it was burned there by a pot or
something to burn right there so here's
something I was trying this morning on
the right side I think it works darkness
coming off this thing hopefully that's
the dirt from the damage so how was the
sink look now I don't know what do you
think it's less dirty than it was but
it's still not light like that it's not
white like that it's still got crud on
the bottom so man I sure would like to
get this thing clean and have it
perfectly white tried lots of hard work
on this thing probably could put
fiberglass in the bottom of this thing
put it with that but it's still not a
very good-looking think it is though a
lot cleaner than it was at the beginning
of the video but I want it to be like
really clean so what can we do try it
again
there we go good give it one more try
so we've used all the tools I have here
at hand and the wire brush included
probably the wire brush is all I have
now that a work effectively against it
the wire brush and I need some stronger
chemicals I probably should get some
Clorox and try some Clorox on this thing
if I can find Clorox we could try that
see if I'll get it off let's do that the
fourth video