hi I'm Rachel ausis and I'm going to
show you how to make your own liquid
starch the good thing about making your
own is you know what's in it so all you
need is some water and corn starch a lot
of commercial um liquid starches that
you buy already made you know in the
grocery store or wherever contain form
Malahide so this is a better option
that's kind of creepy so anyway and it's
way cheaper to do it this way you want
to get a pint of cold water
[Applause]
and a lot of people don't know this but
it's called starch because it is
actually made with corn starch so you
want to get a
tablespoon of corn
starch mix it up really well in the cold
water grab an empty spray
bottle and just dump it in your spray
bottle keep this handy keep it in your
laundry room and when it comes time to
use it just shake it up really well
first and you've got your own homemade
starch if you want to add some fragrance
you know some oils or things like that
for fragrance that's always a good idea
too just give it your own little kick
and it makes great Christmas gifts
birthday gifts something that you made
on your own and it's very inexpensive
I'm Rachel atus and that is how you make
liquid starch