hi I'm Trinity from Trinity's kitchen
don't come in today I'm gonna show you
how to make this delicious cashew
plant-based milk it's really easy it's
only got three ingredients in it and
it's exceedingly similar to the the
decadent frosting that I would actually
put on my raw carrot cake so I'm gonna
use cashews I'm gonna use dates and I'm
gonna use vanilla which is exactly how I
make the frosting on my raw cakes the
only difference is I'm gonna add water
to it and then magically we have an
absolutely delicious super creamy
plant-based milk so what I did was I
took about three-quarters of a cup of
cashew nuts that's 100 grams and then I
soaked them along with about 8 or 10
dates about 50 grams of dates and I
soaked them for 3 hours you can soak
them overnight if you like then I
strained off the water I added 2 cups or
half a liter of spring water and I just
blended them together adding in about a
teaspoon of and they like extract and I
blended it for about 90 seconds until
everything had broken down and unlike
other nut milk she don't really need to
strain it it will have a little bit of
sediment in it which is absolutely fine
just adds to it and there we go so put
it in the fridge chill it and then you
can use this to pull on your granola on
your muesli to mix into smoothies or
make hot chocolate lattes all that kind
of stuff so thanks for tuning in I hope
that you enjoy this as much as I do and
if you resonate with what you see please
do come and subscribe to my youtube
channel check me out on Trinity's
kitchen calm and please do feel free to
ask any questions and I'll help wherever
I can
bye for now