hi I'm hailey at the grill show and I'm
here to talk to you about smart pot
aeration containers smart pots provide
an excellent alternative to traditional
container gardening by concentrating on
healthy root development through
aeration smart pods also aid in drainage
and temperature of the root zone in
traditional plastic and clay containers
the root grows to the edges and begins
circling around to the edge of the pot
becoming root bound and restricting
production with smart pots the root mass
grows out in all directions through tips
make contact with the fabric wall and
begin to air prune the fabric walls of
the smart pod also provide great support
for your plant the roots continue to
form from within the plant as they prune
themselves with no restriction to the
plant growth the bigger the root the
bigger your fruit on an average 80
degree day in a typical black plastic
container your roots can get over 120
degrees and suffocate your plants with
smart pods the fabric allows the roots
trimming at a cooler temperature akin to
your environment and allows the breeze
to get to your roots with smart pots
water drains from all of the walls not
just one small hole at the bottom this
allows easy flushing and watering smart
pots are less fragile and drained far
better when compared to clay or ceramic
containers in the larger style smart pot
you can grow potatoes and are portable
in comparison to raised beds with smart
pots you can grow roots healthy enough
to eat here at the grouse show we have
any size smart pot 2 3 5 7 10 15 20
gallons smart pots as well as 4x4 bed
liners if you want bigger than that
smart ma will make it for you up to
1,000 gallons if you want to know what's
a smart pot is right for you come on
into the grow show located at 409 five
stone school Road in ann arbor michigan
or online at the grouse show org
you