and look at my babies Oh Oh the wizard
he Oh gonna teach you how to make some
watermelon one today
hey first of all he's a picture of me ha
ha ha ha ha yeah anyway let's enjoy my
green smoothie mmm good stop anyway
first thing you gotta need you gotta
make watermelon one is a bucket got me
the green smoothie on me there ha ha ha
ha anyway you get a bucket like this you
just get any other bucket but I've got
our brewing Duncan and the first thing
I'm gonna do is sterilize it so is use a
bit of bicarb soda
chuck it in the bucket yeah and then if
you really want to use like a sanitizer
or something can check that into done to
you
why can't we'll be fine so I've just
filled that with water now and I just
kind of smoosh around in the pocket make
sure it's all nice and sanitized any
sort of objects you're going to be
putting in this actual one you want to
be sanitized just going to flush the
water around make sure it's inside the
lid
all right yeah time to make the wizard
watermelon boy first thing you need make
one on one equals MA so you need a
couple of big fellas like that and then
what need a couple of pilot holes a
little bucket of honey if you want
plenty out the whole bunch and you know
put the honey in there it's a great sort
of a thing for our Christmas or special
occasion or even if you want to get off
your rockers ha ha ha ha
anyway all taking a little bit of year
he's caught the door
Rosie that's going to help ferment the
wine and I am just going to cut this up
is just cut it in the big flying sauces
he's cut it around nice big flying
saucer and we want to cut the skin off
so cuz we know we don't want green
watermelon why do we want red watermelon
wine or pinkish sort of you because
we're going to want the aesthetics to
look really good
that's the best way to do it chuck it in
the bowl and keep going like that with
the pineapple same sort of thing
cut the nubs off nice around circles
there we go and then I just cut around
there I've cut the skin off
nice round circles like that the matter
if you leave a little bit on just going
to go in the juicer anyway beautiful so
we just got to cut these pineapples in
to nice sized pieces so that we can put
them in the juicer cool nearly cut me
finger off there Oh jumping boards
broken Oh too bad
ha ha ha ha doesn't matter we can still
use half of this go we got a beautiful
big juicer here
and better if you got a good juicer
little bit difficult to do it by hand so
you can do it by hand but I like to
here we go right yeah
yes you bucket where the sort of bucket
you want just reduce in there put it to
the side and keep on juicing I like to
use watermelons that has black seeds in
it because first of all it's cheaper and
it's better to use organic but uh you
know if you can't afford organic then
try to get the ones with seeds in it
because it tastes a lot more like
watermelons as opposed to that
genetically modified crap anyway keep
juicing
go check the pineapple in there make
some more juice Wheeler's it's
interesting put some oranges in the
round was the Mandarin which left a bit
extra player just to balance it out a
little bit oh yeah yeah why would you so
like this you're plenty of compost to
the garden I wanna go check it in the
garden check the last the watermelon
Eman what about living liters in there
so far yeah we're gonna get some organic
honey chuck the organic honey in there
oh yeah now we're just going to leave
put in a liter and a half of hot water
just to melt all that honey in extend it
all out a little bit give it a nice good
mix around that honey going through
everything honey will help preserve this
tear the juice and also when we put the
yeast in use to eat up all those sugars
and turn them into alcohol hopefully now
we're going to put the yeast in sprinkle
the yeast over at all nicely nice even
spread - no get in there
start activating and we just put the
airlock lid on then if you got a special
brew kit put the little airlock in the
top so that the air can get out chase
you down to the brew bucket you can use
little container like this or it's sort
of egg tight container will be perfect
oh I've got a few of these so I used to
use these and put the wine in spring you
just a little bit of yeast on top and
then glad wrap on top and then just an
elastic band around the rim and that
will keep it air tight in there and keep
all the nasties out of it
all right I'd be whining so weakened
enough later
that's our watermelon one and sort of
separated cinnamon falls to the bottom
because we don't want to strain it we
like to keep the pulp in there but all
you need to do is turn upside down even
a little bit of hops tonight right and
look at that beautiful
Jim two months 23rd September this year
posture in australia and southern
hemisphere big party at the Love Shack
come and try some watermelon wine so
pretty in the sky