in a few days it'll be Anzac Day April
25th every year Australians and New
Zealanders around the world come
together to celebrate the achievements
of our armed forces in war and to honor
those who never returned today I'm going
to show you a fantastic recipe which is
traditionally served at this time
beginner it's Anzac biscuits on the one
part chef
right Anzac biscuits incredibly simple
to put together there's only a few
ingredients first we're going to start
with our dry ingredients I've got my
mixing bowl I'm going to throw in 1 cup
of rolled oats make sure they're rolled
oats not quick oats otherwise this won't
work very well I'm also going to put in
1 cup of plain flour just chuck it
straight in and 1 cup of white sugar and
last dry ingredient about half a cup of
desiccated coconut seem pretty easy now
all we're going to do is just mix those
together until they're nicely well
combined to brimful minute
that's quick mix they're all nicely
mixed there now I'll just pop that aside
now we're going to organize our wet
ingredients in the saucepan I've got 125
grams of butter I'm using unsalted
butter it doesn't really matter to be
totally honest with this recipe but I'm
using unsalted and to that I'm going to
add and I'm not measuring it I'm adding
about two tablespoons of golden syrup
now again you don't have to be
absolutely accurate that's about 2 tbsp
raw flea it could be a little bit more
generous if you add a little bit extra
the mixture will be a little bit wetter
because Anzac biscuits can be made two
ways they can be made soft and chewy or
they can be made kind of thin and crispy
and it's all down to a personal
preference it just depends how you like
cookies so I've made it with a little
bit less so a little bit more of this so
it'll be a nice wet mixture so it'll be
a kind of accommodation of the two well
our butter and our golden syrup up
nicely melted together now in my little
mug here I've got about a tablespoon of
boiling water just out of the kettle and
I've added a quarter or sorry half a
teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda and is
mixed into the water until it's
dissolved and we're just going to chuck
this in it's going to be like kitchen
chemistry because it's just going to go
fizzy and a fizzle up there see look at
that
and this helps to turn it into an almost
like a honeycomb caramel type stuff it's
hard really describe it's just easy
buttery sweetness and toffee almost so
that's all mixed in turn the heat off
and we're going to chuck that into our
dry ingredients lovely lovely lovely can
you just eat this like this and we're
just going to mix those dry ingredients
with the wet ingredients until we get a
lovely thick gooey mess basically it
doesn't matter if you think it's a
little too dry because I trust me it
won't be it'll be perfect
my pot chef promises my pot chef
delivers so that look that's looking
very good there now all we have to do is
start transferring this to our baking
trays so basically we're just going to
take about tablespoon amounts of this
mixture and just press it together in
your hands until you get a bit of a glob
it's best way of putting it and then you
just gently press it down and we just
fill the tray with these globs making
sure there's a little bit of space
between your globs I love the work globs
a little bit of space between your globs
that way because they when they spread
out they both sort of clump together and
just a little bit of a press and so
we'll just fill up our trays we should
make anywhere between 20 and 30 of these
depending on the size you make so I'll
fill up these trays we'll pop them into
the oven for about 20 minutes at 170 180
degrees Celsius until they're nice and
golden and cooked and spread out and
lovely so in 20 minutes we're going to
have a great Aussie treat and I ran Zach
this guitar after the oven I left them
on the trays for a few minutes just to
help them firm up slightly and now I'll
transfer them to a wire rack to cool
they've only been out of the oven for
about maybe five or six minutes or so so
there's still a little soft but I'm
going to try one anyway
have a little bite now oh ha
young put that down crunchy and sweet
and buttery absolutely delicious I
highly recommend everyone go out and try
these right now I hope you've enjoyed
this recipe check out my other videos of
one-pot chef show calm and until next
time see you later