hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to make three different vegan and
healthy pancake recipes inspired by
thriving on plants on Instagram so let's
just get right into it
to begin you're going to start with
about a fourth cup of oat flour which
you can get by blending oats until
they're fine in the blender about a half
a cup of almond milk or any plant-based
milk and about a half of a brown spotted
banana and I used some cinnamon and
vanilla which I just eyeball it's
totally optional though also optional is
some added strawberries and then you're
just going to completely add everything
into the blender and just blend
you may have to scrape down the sides a
bit because it does tend to get a little
thick and so you just keep scripping
until it creates a thin batter now you
can go ahead and transfer everything
into a measuring cup I find this the
easiest way to pour the batter onto your
pan or your Skillet but you can use
whatever way you see best
make sure you get everything because
there will be a lot stuck in the bottom
of the blender
you're going to want to heat a pan or a
griddle and spray it with some cooking
spray so that the pancakes don't
if I could speak and then you just want
to scoop some out and kind of arrange
them into pancake shapes if that makes
sense
uh this shot has four pancakes because I
doubled the recipe due to my friend who
is allergic to strawberries but normally
the recipe I gave you makes two pancakes
and trust me that is plenty filling I
promise
this is the point where you're going to
want to add your sliced strawberries if
you are choosing to do so and I would
really recommend this because it's
delicious although you could keep them
plain and they would be just as good
I go ahead and Eyeball when they're done
I just kind of look for the bubbles or
see if they seem like they're done and
then you just want to flip them I used a
fork to flip mine but usually it's
pretty easy to flip with just a spatula
I think it's just because I was using a
griddle rather than a pan but yeah
then you just want to make sure that
both sides are cooked all the way
through make sure that there is no
visible raw batter on the strawberry
ones like around the strawberries or
anything and then you're pretty much
good to go
for my pancakes I went ahead and mixed
up some pb2 but you can use normal
peanut butter it actually tastes a
little bit better but I prefer the pb2
for the low fat content and I just
spread it around make sure that it's
equally
spread out I don't know this is so bad
I'm so sorry
then I took some 100 maple syrup this
one is organic I just got it at Target
and put that on top because who eats
pancakes without syrup and then I put
some sliced strawberries to top it all
off and that's pretty much what I did
with this one it's super good and that
you can see me throwing strawberries
there
for the next pancakes you're going to
need the same recipes so you'll have
your oat flour your milk and your banana
then you're also going to have a
tablespoon of cocoa flour or cacao flour
and some optional vegan chocolate chips
then you just want to add everything to
the blender like so before or besides
the chocolate chips and then blend it
all up
this batter is probably going to be a
little bit thicker so you may have to
scrape down the sides more but after
you're done you can go ahead and
transfer it into uh the eye of her out
this is called a measuring cup like we
did before
you may have to end up adding almond
milk or water like I did to get the
correct consistency that's horrible
then you'll want to spray your pan like
before and go ahead and pour your
pancakes like you've been doing the last
time it's just pouring pancakes
here is where you want to add your vegan
chocolate chips if you are doing this I
highly recommend because it's bomb.com
once they are finished cooking you can
flip them and cook them on the other
side like you would a normal pancake
once they are thoroughly cooked all the
way through you can transfer them to a
plate because it's time for the display
slash goodness I don't even know for the
sauce you are going to need a tablespoon
of cocoa powder and about four to five
dates and some water
here's where you can add everything to a
food processor or high speed blender I
would recommend soaking the dates ahead
of time because they're kind of hard to
work with it worked out fine for this
recipe but I would just recommend that
and you only need to add a little bit of
water at a time I ended up adding too
much so I had to add some maple syrup
and cocoa powder to mine to thicken it
but just add a teeny bit at a time
scraped on the sides and continue
blending until you have a sauce like
texture here
here is the super fun part I just added
my sauce on with like a spoon kind of
thing and poured it all over the
pancakes oh my gosh I cannot stress you
how good this chocolate sauce is it
sounds weird but it's actually so
delicious and I decided to top mine with
a couple more of the vegan chocolate
chips and then that was the end of these
pancakes
for the cinnamon swirl pancakes you're
going to use the same base as you've
been doing for the other pancakes with
added coconut sugar and cinnamon and
apples that are optional but recommended
at this point you know the drill with
adding everything to a blender and
blending it
up now once you do end up transferring
all of the batter into the glass
container measuring cup that I always
forget what it's called you're actually
going to want to set a little bit of
batter aside you could do this in a
Piping Bag but I did it in a plastic
baggie because I just was easier for me
but you're going to want to add your
coconut sugar and cinnamon into the
baggie and mix you could do this
separately in a bowl it would probably
be a lot easier than the way that I did
it but this worked so then once you have
it thoroughly combined you want to spray
it on your pan and place your pancakes
it may be a tiny bit smaller than the
other pancakes because you did reserve
some of that batter but trust me in the
end it doesn't make a huge difference
here is where the cinnamon swirl comes
into play so you're going to take that
plastic baggie or Piping Bag that you
used and try not to cut the plastic into
the pancake like I did and squeeze it
into a swirl in the middle of the
pancake so this is going to give your
pancake that cinnamon sugar texture and
flavor that we're going for
now what I did is I placed my sliced
apples on The Griddle just like this but
if you are doing this at home I would
recommend that you place them in a
separate pan with a little bit of water
and then top them with more coconut
sugar and cinnamon and cook them like
that because mine turned out a little
tiny bit tough but I know that if you
were to kind of almost steam them with
some water it would be a lot softer and
more delicious and then I just flipped
them as you can see and I went ahead and
flipped the apples as well but not as
gracefully because clearly I am a pro
[Music]
now is where you can flip the pancakes
and reveal the beautiful cinnamon swirl
deliciousness I don't even know and then
you can go ahead and put them on the
plate because we're about to present
them like we did before with the other
ones really fun
then I just went ahead and put the
apples and a little pan to keep them
aside because they were done cooking and
yeah
here I took the apples and placed them
on top of the pancakes like so it's
pretty obvious what I'm doing and then I
went and put some 100 maple syrup on top
and topped it with some cinnamon and
that's pretty much all I did for these
they turned out good but I would
definitely recommend you taking the tips
on how to cook the apples because they
were a bit tough
and that is the end of this video if you
choose to recreate these please tweet me
or Instagram me I'll leave my links in
the description and also don't forget to
tag thriving on Plants because she is
the innovator of the basis and the
inspiration for this recipe I hope that
this was able to inspire you that eating
healthy really isn't that hard and can
be super delicious and that veganism
isn't that scary this video took so much
time and effort so thank you so much for
watching and if you have any requests
leave them below and make sure to have a
great day bye guys
[Music]
just
[Music]