hello everybody this is food from extra
I'm your guest us from let's meet those
 hey what are you doing hi everybody
nice to see your smiling faces again I'm
wrong yourself today
hey relax buddy today I'm going to show
you how to do a flambe flambe it's a
French term and means flame the flaming
okay first let's go to kitchen let's go
to kitchen
[Music]
[Music]
okay here we are in the kitchen but
where did the host kind of stupid guy
there's no entry to the kitchen over
there well let's forget him
weird guy anyway now I will give you
those tips to do flambe but safety comes
first when you play or work with the
fire so remember this is more rule diner
tips do not ever do flambe under the
kitchen hood we don't you don't want to
bring your house and it's also handy if
you have some fight adaptive equipment
near you when you play with the fire
okay what can you from bear almost
everything seafood chicken pork beef and
of course sweet desserts
then what alcohol you should use almost
every aromatic alcohol is good for
flambe just remember that do not use
super high proof alcohol it's always
better measure the alcohol ban for
straight from bottle here we have 5 tbsp
of whiskey and if we plot my first time
it's good to use big fireplace much or
this kind of longer light stick which I
use ok then if you're cooking on the gas
remove your hands before you add alcohol
this is very important because we don't
want to unacceptable place so let's do
it
now we have this wispy straighten your
arms and use this light and hit the
plane away from you now let there all
alcohol firm and here we are
that's done thank you for watching if
you liked it hit the like button and if
you're new please subscribe and and and
see you next Friday
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]