[Music]
hello I'm chef rapael valo and today
we're talking about making leaks with
pan pasta and cheddar cheese what makes
this dish so awesome is the fact that
we're going to use pasta and leaks
together leaks and pasta usually not
used together in many dishes so we're
going to show you another way to use
leaks and then we're going to spice it
up with some cheddar cheese in this dish
we're going to have about 12 O of cooked
Panet pasta it doesn't matter if it's TR
color or just regular it's fine today
I'm using TR color pasta I have two
tablespoons of minced garlic a half a
pound of shredded aged cheddar cheese
two eggs two
leaks A4 a cup of allpurpose flour and 2
tbsps of Creole mustard now I'm going to
turn my my flame on a medium we're use a
little olive oil in here and then I'm
going to add my garlic to this while
that's going I'm going to chop my leaks
I add my leaks in here it's going to
take it down in temperature a little bit
and of course we're always going to add
a little bit of salt a little bit of
pepper now after salting about about 4
minutes you're going to see them
starting to get tender keep it moving
around so you don't burn your garlic
we're going to add our flour now you
don't want to cook the flour too much
you just want the flour to kind of bind
with the with the oil and everything
else after about a minute or so of this
we're going to use one cup of heavy
cream let that get hot and as soon as it
gets hot we're going to turn that off
add your pasta next add your cheese and
stir it all together now our binder for
this dish is going to be the egg we're
going to bake this up and our binder is
going to be the egg with that so you're
going to season it again and it's okay
to taste a little noodle here and I I'll
taste one just to make
sure not too salty so I crack my eggs
into my bowl then I add my Creole
mustard beat my egg so it can mix with
the mustard thoroughly and then I fold
in my pasta I'm going to put this in a
preheated oven of 400Â° for about 20
minutes so there you have it once it
comes out of the oven it's done it's
ready to eat
[Music]