hi guys lots of different super 4 is in
the world but Moringa is kind of like a
superfood darling at the moment it's
becoming more and more popular and for a
good reason because it's so good for you
so me here I have a jar of dried Moringa
I actually bought fresh Moringa leaves
from a market seller that we always buy
honey from so as I'm about to grandmas
and basically make it into tea that's
gonna be a really good idea to show you
how to turn this into a morning a powder
tea and also I'm going to share with you
a great refreshing iced Maringa tea
recipe which is perfect for hot summer
days and of course we're going to talk
about all the amazing health benefits
that Moringa leaf offices so let's dig
into the video so if you're wondering
what moring that tree actually is
because you know it's not that common
yet not many people know what it is
Moringa tree is natively from places
like India Nepal and Pakistan it's just
surprising how so many of these amazing
trees and hearts always come from there
like to see and name and all the things
I love they're always from their lucky
people who live in those parts of the
world but this tree has been used for
thousands of years in the Eastern
cultures for a lot of different
illnesses diabetes to heart disease skin
ailments and immune system problems and
a lot of different things and luckily
it's being discovered again by the
science and by you know modern healers
so that's what I really want to talk to
you about it today one of the reasons
why I like Maureen galifty so much is
that it gives me lots of energy but not
the bad jittery kind of energy that you
would get from the tea just really nice
to the energy draft day that's why I
love it so much another reason why
Moringa is great for you is because it
detoxifies your body by supporting your
liver function so if you have elevated
liver enzymes or any kind of other liver
issues Moringa leaf
be just what you need because it can
actually bring down your liver enzymes
into the right levels and you know if if
the liver starts working properly you'll
be better able to process fructose and
get rid of any kind of toxins in the
body it's extremely known for very high
content of better carotene which is also
known as vitamin A and also vitamin C
and vitamin E he also has also calcium
and potassium which is amazing for hot
weather and it also has quite a bit of
protein because it helps to regulate
your metabolism it also helps you lose
weight and it also does that by lowering
your blood sugar and proper blood sugar
management is very important for keeping
a healthy weight so if you're struggling
with a blood sugar or if you have
diabetes
this plant is great for you and also if
you already have the base and you're
suffering from all kinds of symptoms
that come with diabetes this might
actually help because not only it lowers
the amount of glucose in your blood but
it also lowers the amount of lipids in
your blood and that helps with all the
symptoms they get from their babies this
humble tree also happens to be until
microbial antiviral and also antifungal
so if you have any kind of cold or any
kind of immune issues or if you have
some kind of infection in your skin this
is really good both both internally and
externally can make it tea for yourself
and drink it to promote healthy immune
system we can also chop it up make a
little so I like tea or like little
paste and put on any kind of wounds and
it will help them heal faster if you're
interested in health and things like
that then you surely would have heard
ward antioxidant and the auxin is
something that protects your body from
the free radicals which are sort of bad
things like toxins for your body that
damaged cells and there is a certain
score in the world is called ORAC and it
basically measures how strong the
antioxidant action is and this Moringa
tree actually scored way higher than
green tea
acai turmeric and even the super famous
and expensive matcha tea so definitely
stock up on some Moringa and it's going
to be much better for you and I think
it's also cheaper especially if you buy
a fresh port if you have a tree growing
in your garden if you have acne or any
other kind of inflammation in your body
then you need to get yourself some
regularity because it's actually highly
inflammatory and it does that by
reducing the inflammatory enzymes and
proteins in your body so it's one of the
greatest things if you're fighting with
inflammation inflammation also happens
to cause depression and low mood low
energy so this is definitely a miracle
for you and look I've got here she came
to visit this is Vanessa my smallest kid
Dan she's actually mini cats because
she's so small and she doesn't really
come often to me when I film videos so
you probably haven't seen her for a long
time but she's just over a year old now
she's growing so fast and she's my
favorite kids and I know you're not
supposed to have favorite kids but she
is my favorites and she's also lab cat
too loves being my arms my angle leaf
also supports healthy cardiovascular
system and does that by controlling
healthy cholesterol levels now
cholesterol by itself isn't a bad thing
but if you have too much of it that it
might be dangerous for your body
especially if you also have a lot of
excess lipids in your blood so worrying
to make sure that levels are balanced
and the last reason why I love more in
belief so much when it happens to be
reason number 10 it's because it
actually protects your brain and
increases your brain function it
increases your cognitive functions if
you have problems in memory or learning
remembering the right words at the right
times and does about protecting the
brain from the free radicals and also
reducing inflammation another way it
actually improves the brain function is
by kind of regulating the amounts of
trans neurotransmitters like dopamine
serotonin and also noradrenaline and I
need the right amounts of them
circulating in a brain you know to feel
happy motivated content with your life
right so now that we talked about the
maze and health benefits
it's time to learn how to make tea so
first of all of course you can just buy
it
ready-made already just pouring the leaf
powder in your local health store or
Amazon they always have really good
prices however I prefer to know where my
leaves come from and it also happens to
be cheaper buying it from local farmers
so I just pop in to my local farmers
market and I just buy some fresh Moringa
leaves from there also because you can
actually use them as sort of like LED
tubes and just put them in your salads
you can add them to soups or you can
just eat them alone and they're really
nice I love the taste but I can also
just chuck them into my oven on really
low temperature like 40 to 50 degrees
with a fan on to speed up the drying and
leave it there for perhaps 3-4 hours and
they're completely dry
and then I can just chuck them into my
food processor what a coffee grinder and
just grind them into a nice fine powder
and then it's ready to be used for tea
you can also make tea from whole leaves
like this you don't have to grind them
and if you have these leaves remaining
in the bottom after drinking the tea can
just eat the leaves as well just add
them to salads don't throw them away
because I have lots of minerals and
vitamins but if you using powder then
keep watching for my beautiful iced
Moringa tea recipe so we're making
around 2 cups of Moringa leaf tea and
you will need around 1 TSP of Moringa
leaf powder so just add the leaf powder
into two cups of hot water cover with a
lid and then leave it there
to infuse and
cools down enough to add to the rest of
the ingredients and then you're also
going to need a little bit of honey some
fresh ginger and some orange juice and
you can use as much orange juice as you
like but I like using just orange juice
from around one medium orange and that's
around half a cup and you can also use
ice cubes if you have them and if you
use them so all I do is just put my tea
in the fridge and then drink it straight
from the fridge when it's nice and
really fresh it's all ready hope that
you enjoy Moringa leaf tea from now on
and just before I go I actually have a
question for you
so I'm planning to make another another
series very soon I think it's going to
be about birth control and I think
they'll be three videos in the series so
would you like to see serious about
birth control and also tell me if you
have any kind of requests for a future
series or video thanks for watching us
in the next one