so today I'm going to show you guys how
to clean out a used bath & Bodyworks
candle like how to reuse the jar and
these jars are great for storage they're
great for storing things like lipsticks
or makeup brushes or q-tips just beauty
things like that the items that you'll
need you'll need an empty bath and
Bodyworks candle
you'll need some dawn so for some dish
soap a butter knife and you'll also need
like a washcloth or sponge so the first
thing that you're going to do is you're
just going to take your empty bath and
Bodyworks candle and just stick it in
your freezer and you can leave it in
there for an hour - or for like a day
that's just going to help the wax to
separate from the candle jar and kind of
like break up and make it a lot easier
to remove and whenever you go to remove
the wax so you want your wax to look
like this with the cracks in it see
that's what I was talking about the
freezer will break up the wax like that
then you just want to take a butter
knife in wedge it where the cracks are
in the wax and just kind of help to lift
it off of the bottom of the candle jar
and I'm actually making this look a lot
harder than what it really is it's not
really that hard and then I'm just
pulling out the wax there see like once
you get one piece out the rest of it
comes out really easily and if you have
like a tarte burner like the ones that
burn the wax you could resave that wax
for that now I'm just going to go in and
pill off the sticker here on the front
of the candle jar it's a lot easier to
do this before you soak it in the warm
water now look the sticker on the bottom
I do wait to remove that after I've
soaked it in some warm water so you just
want to turn your hot water on here and
then you just want to add some this I
can't say dish soap I always get so
tongue-tied when I say that and then
you're just going to put your empty
candle jar there in the water and you're
going to let it soak for a good 10-15
minutes and then after I'm just going in
and pilling off the sticker on the
bottom of the
are now I don't know wow this one is
like really hard to remove some of them
are really easy summer hard that one was
a little harder and now I'm just going
in with my washcloth with some dish soap
on it and just scrubbing the candle jar
you just want to scrub it really really
good to get all like you know the dirt
off of it
and all the excess wax and stuff like
that the hot water will help the excess
wax come off so once you get it nice and
clean then I'm just rinsing it off under
the warm water there and that's pretty
much it that's how you clean a bath and
Bodyworks
empty candle and like I said they're
great to reuse for like lipsticks or
makeup brushes q-tips stuff like that I
know I had a lot of you guys asked me to
do this video in the makeup storage and
collection video so if you enjoyed this
make sure that you thumbs up this video
and I will see you in the next one bye
bye