hey guys what is going on it is me
bakery box 12 here and welcome back to
another realm of the mad God commentary
video the event event is that what do we
call this with the event lights or
double the event ago that's pretty moist
white chance yeah the double white event
chance event is still going on and in
yarn has gotten how many three four two
crystal ones two quads array and Oreo
and a nog more accounting the quats and
see swords yeah seven that's insane
I've had nothing so we are going to
dedicate today - grinding events until I
get something anything genuinely
anything I will be fine
tablet would be a little like alright I
could have taken others but I'll settle
if I have to I'll gladly have a cog a
boshi I'll take a conflict
I'll take I mean you know obviously
Ogburn jugger at the top every day of
the week but I'll take anything
what not a see sort it's not a vent
white they did double it but it's not a
vet white it's close but well so now the
chances of getting see sort aren't one
and three now they're one and two so
yeah yeah they're so common see sword is
very cut it's kind of like I think it's
the same rarities getting a sprite white
uh yeah it feels like it I just got a an
EP today I was like oh cool white bag I
haven't actually got an EP in a while
because I've stopped running sprites for
the longest time
yeah alright you know it's just nice
seeing a white bag always anytime I
started running sprites though because
I'm actually getting back into the whole
Mark system I want to start getting more
chests and like stockpile a whole bunch
and then open them all at once I want to
see how many I can get
better than me because I always forget
about him and then I end up you know
wishing I had them yeah for a while ever
since Silver Dollar did his 137 opening
video I'm like I really that looks like
a lot of fun just just assembling that
video and editing them all and seeing it
and what White's am I gonna get that
seems like a video I would really want
to make so I'm gonna have to it's gonna
take me like three months probably of
daily event chest cuz I gotta get the
epic one in there it's like the best
that's the thing it just it seems like
it would take so long to do not that
that's bad because it could be like a
just a very end goal kind of type of
thing but you know right just takes a
long time it does that was the main I
guess turn off from it cuz it whenever
that update came out I was doing it like
crazy that's why I did my own chest
opening video and like 33 it was it was
great but I just I kind of burned out on
it and then forgot about it cuz you
can't get anything good I got in the
fire armor that's what like oh that was
my white yes it's worth the farmers
great yeah it's pretty it looks awesome
Queen Stinger daggers seems to be a
popular one to get just I hope I can get
one
I would love a queen stinger dagger I
it's arguably one of the best daggers in
the game mm-hmm I don't know if it's
better than ether right um down the road
it is yeah see wand you know it's better
than yeah at really high defenses it's
like you know I'd rather use this see
you on that like forgotten Sentinel so
I'm guessing it's kind of the same
yeah similar deal it has five range so
it's actually not that much less than
regular daggers this is taken forever
I'm just like hanging back not doing it
anywhere where is everyone
I think we're fighting the work statue
together fighting I use the term loosely
yeah there's like six of us there there
were more maybe it's because the avatar
was spawned and people went after that
maybe I'm being a
very timid ninja and not going in I
can't find the dang ghost
oh hello nest great is it next to you
it's like yeah it spawned like right
next to me it's it's right near the
works that's you that's a scary feeling
just a few more tiles and I won't bomb
cuz obviously it's happened in the past
where like skull shrines will spawn on
top of people they've said that many
times Penner axe
it's Fink's is but I wonder if certain
events can't like with big structures
like the Hermit yeah you can't walk in
the center so what if that spawns on you
you know I think it just disconnects you
probably that's a better alternative
really think um I don't remember exactly
what stood on me before I know I know
that I have got sat on cheese by an
event God before but I didn't die it was
uh I think it was a cube god I think it
was it might have been a sphinx I can't
remember
oh jeez oh there's a sphinx too and we
missed that there one man that we're
missing it's cuz of this stupid auric
statue that's like oh I'm the event jade
is almost dead Oh got loot yep spooky
these guys are clear they don't screw
around
yeah easily like one of the most I mean
I think all event gods are dangerous in
some capacity except for like I don't
know pan racks aren't really that
dangerous lets you stand on yeah not
anymore they used to be that's how I got
my first night set was his grave looting
was around and Penta racks are actually
dangerous when I died next today can you
believe that a night dying to a pen
erect that's unheard of that is it's
like it's like the Pinter Act was the
dekor Act yeah first time it was
actually scary cuz with ten eyeballs
would come swoops down and like Zeus
they're just shoot their little like
eyeball vitreous lasers the toaster oh
thank you but I have too many
and son spells so I do not need another
one but thank you for the thought
there's a net here if you want to get
yourself a quiet yeah that's in my
interest it's not unlike the highest
here for you in terms of law is that
though only because I already have one
yeah but um I'd say it's in a top half
if we're not including the items that I
currently have I would say it goes Agra
/ Cronus oh man really is a free-for-all
at that point conflict
[Music]
kaga bow she trying to think of all the
junk yeah but I already I got two of
them so I'm kind of excluding those yes
of course I would gladly take another
jug are we all special jugs I just got
to take some water
that's still insane bro that's one of
the craziest things that's ever happened
in Rome I think it has the booze that's
the odds of that are so like
stupendously small like were there ever
any other screenshots from back in the
day of getting a double white that was
like that that you can recall them and
nothing I know I did see how one video
of that guy without loot drop getting
two Oreos from a pen erect oh yeah
that's pretty sweet I remember back when
there were no videos on YouTube of
people getting quat dropped it just yeah
it just didn't exist cuz nobody was able
to capture it cuz it never happened yeah
if the chances as well even now think
about it like doesn't ran like 50 Ed's
and even on a double chance it's still
like just not coming up yeah I know it's
a very I mean they're rare for a reason
you know yeah and good on them I mean
you know like it's it's nice that it's
rarer than that not everyone has it but
it gets to a point to where it's like it
feels like it's too rare like no one
gets to play with it and then the people
I do we're so scared to use they should
be rare because they're they're good and
they're cool unique and you know that
you know they want them to be special
but at the same time
considering how well-off you can be
without it and just with standard gear
it feels a little unwarranted yeah like
like even in the case of Auburn favorite
item in the game but you can a night
with Colossus is totally fine you know
yeah 100 percent so it's it's just like
it's it's double-edged you can look at
it both ways stun zopi true that's why
they made it so many things immune to it
yeah well that's why armor is so good
right now
after the yeah it does make it better
same with like slowing Quivers compared
to things that arm you to paralyzed yeah
same deals just the thing is is those
situations where all more shines it
really shines totally and you can use it
anywhere because even you're not you're
not doing it for the intention of armor
breaking it does more damage than
Colossus and the stats that gives plus
60 HP yeah it's so good is a 60 now so
60 okay could have been like 160 HP yeah
yeah sounds great
sounds like a nice stick of nice warm
soup is wafting into my room I can smell
it that the smell of Auburn is there
there's like no like joy greater than
seeing a white fur model I don't think I
would go even as excited as seeing away
from a void now I would be really
excited to sing a wife right away but
what but white from Waddell is like it's
rarer easily yeah and I've had two
armors and no lost hulls whites but I
know this mm-hmm because it's it's just
it feels so good there me with augment
person than me without armor because I
keep playing Knight until I die and I
never stop all the time to get Cronus
yep yep this is the one this is one of
the ones you're looking for we go silent
whenever something spawns that you want
yeah it's like in speedrunners like can
I get a be quiet for a little bit this
is a hard part a chop so
no sorry no trades right now no trades
oh this is it here we go and reggaeton
is great for this cuz soulbound
threshold on everything is really low
mm-hmm or maybe I'm just doing enough
damage but purple zero I should probably
get a loot drop but honestly wait what
did you say I'm just saying that there's
a forgotten technologist fun oh yeah I
see it no no I think about there's not
many void whites I actually want a void
white um he just drops the archer set
and all the tops right and Omni yeah
it's like I would want an omni I would
want the quiver it's like some of the
things like both the void is not amazing
like both the void you could just use
like a leaf bow or like well actually I
was was incorrect on the stats it's a it
actually does out damage everything oh
yeah the DPS calculator is not updated
that's what I'm beating you up after
school like you lied to me Pete Pete
Pete at people lied to me the real tower
yeah you can make a custom weapon on
there and then like test it that way but
how was I supposed to know the stats
weren't correct it's like a very easy
thing to overlook but um was this before
it got lost tolls 2.0 yeah that's what
it's defaulted to it hasn't had its new
stats integrated which is unfortunate
because well if that's the case I guess
I will be excited if I can avoid buh
yeah I'm not sure how long it stays the
best you know cuz again we don't have
the graph but I have heard it's better
in the beginning now which makes sense
it's the final dungeon so it should be
the best one but you know we have so
many people we have so many UT bows it's
like you could pick any of them Candyman
escape it was very good yeah made me
think of I love bowling
oh I'm not even there shoot I'm running
to an end
I forgot he was in here cuz you know he
doesn't have a quest marker I just
assumed you were there I don't know why
that's okay I mean I'm in the bottom
right-hand corner so for all you know I
was there well now we can get quiet yes
yes now we can last time it was just a
joke last time it was just a prank that
was just a jokes kind of moment I do
yeah I saw them and see yeah I wonder if
it's any good I'm sure it is
I know what you mean but you've worded
that very funny what you said oh yeah I
saw it I haven't seen you Oh like the
thumbnail yeah yeah what is it it's just
like he's talking about like people that
take that keep like are taking jokes as
jokes oh you know um like they take it's
like how how can this be seen as
anything but a joke why are you it's not
even a matter of like getting offended
it's like people just not getting it
like yes what he said is horrible but
it's a joke stop taking it seriously
yeah which I feel like it's I don't know
videos seems like a lot of people
nowadays don't really have much of a
spine
and I mean I understand cuz I am a I'm a
wuss no oh yeah like I understand like I
can you know I understand what it feels
like to get offended but I don't act on
it it's the right well I do to myself
but I'm like freaking I'm not / oh yeah
yeah exactly cuz I know what I'm feeling
is like that's dumb like I don't why
should I care you know yeah like you get
a bad comment and it's like eff him but
not really cuz I shouldn't care cuz he's
irrelevant to me yeah you're relevant
but it's not me like it's true because
it's just like people are gonna you know
complain and moan about everything so it
was always gonna be that one person so
it's better to just like not think about
or many people yeah sometimes you put
that Warwick's ring in that bag that's
the tower it wasn't mine to begin with
but I'm still mad at you know that even
I wasn't even that upset about I know
it's just like no shoe story you know
what's funny
you know how I left a foul in the
crawling depths bag yeah I did the same
thing in my detox video I looked back on
the footage and I'm like wait is that
that's a foul and then I checked the
footage obviously you can't tell in the
video because I'm just cutting the loot
part together but I believed it in the
bag and I totally don't even remember
seeing it I missed it again
I missed it again
not one guy was like I wonder if he
missed the foul at whatever the time is
oh boy yeah but well now they know the
truth it's what I have a chest of fouls
so I mean I would have probably had to
drop it anyway like I we were seeing the
real tower for the first time the first
for the last time
I can't I can't believe this this man
goes and he just leaves foul daggers
he took mine to his home I can't believe
he's betrayed me that's it
whoa all right what that sound was all
right next room it's like an NES you
know explosion I think I'm gonna I think
I kind of like sorcerer more for this
event so I'm gonna grab the cool
whatever you need as much as I love
night with Auburn which I love but the
thing is with Dogma isn't gonna hit me
all seven sprayed like as as soon as
they spawn so oh yeah it's good on cubes
and skulls yeah sorceress great it's
like as as much as I really would rather
play night without murder it's like I
just I gotta think about all the
potential loot
oh yeah totally I mean that's why I'm
playing ninja cuz it's like specialized
for the eventing I'm not gonna die and I
got speedy and piercing but it's your
class also that but you know what I mean
also why variance in armor I kept on
calling worm Hyde wyvern skin and then I
remembered wyvern skin is an actual
armor tier oh yeah this man out here
wearing Hydra this Wow
yeah that's right giant square a loot so
I keep forgetting to pop my dang clovers
no like it don't matter that much
two times zero is still zero because is
it two times loot well it's two times
loot and then your clover I believe
rings up to 2.5 1.5 got it it says it
whenever I consume it yeah what is your
machine like 2.5 in total and then
another one
I like how they snack
yeah it's really nice come on I just
want to see one white tonight nothing
what do you mean you got seven whites
well you see junior seven white bags
drop from skull shrine and I'm pretty
sure if that happened you'd like crap
your pants immediately I am I was gonna
say has that ever happened and then
realized oh yeah to joke from one hermit
there has been but that's like the one
thing in the game that has two bags
right pen erect right okay yeah yeah cuz
that's like multiple but that's like cuz
it has multiple hit boxes the hermit is
one enemy yeah I don't know what causes
them to do that it's like I don't think
that the tentacles count I there's been
debate over it I don't think they do
I've ever had more to well there's
people that have said that like they
come late to hermit and they just
attacked the head and they still get
multiple loot bags so yeah yeah yeah I
know that would be weird if it had to do
with that
it's hard to say I have no idea I don't
know how it works there's a cube
remember two popular loop oceans yeah
there are already drank them all come on
Alana this is good if she's good yes no
no no no oh if yeah oh there's a hermit
oh sweet I told you how I got to
Cronus's from cube gods before right and
then I lost them both the exact same way
in the past like a long time ago yeah
mm-hmm it's gonna say reset ya Yin no I
haven't got a Cronus in a long time
recently but like I've never I have
gotten two white bags from cubes before
and they I I was because I was so low in
Candyland with my rogue and I used the
Cronus and I they're like whenever
you're in the boss room and you go
invisible the boss spawns anyway and I
sat right on top of a man yeah those
boys dang
yeah threw that one in the guide you
want to uh nevermind I'm a ninja and
you're a sorcerer where we can't really
do an abyss quickly I mean I probably
could because I put some hair on her
chest
alright fine let's go in
no it's gone there's an ad why do we do
this okay fair enough I was just so no
tower why would you say that I'm yeah
that's it I'm telling my mom
that's it hovers over delete channel tab
oh my god
it's Trey Krystal I'm coming I'm the
only one at it oh never mind
dudes TP to me sweet let's wake him up
inside I got nothing
there's a rock dragon Anna's ghoulish
man great I'm going close to the rock
dragon I guess I used to be terrified of
the rock dragon but I've since learned
how to deal with him I still get there
Fido II's still scary don't get me wrong
but um is the Evers skull shrine dead no
I see it I'm walking towards a jewel or
yeah it's like at the top yeah I see it
good um I wasn't scared of rock dragon
until the one time it popped me from 20
miles away yeah me too hate that you
remember that oh yeah it happened to me
as well
that's so dumb I don't understand why it
does that like what is the like logic
yeah I know that's no fun I don't know
what the logic is behind that or the
reasoning it could just be a glitch or
like it's the way the rock dragon
renders so we can't change it how unity
port coming yeah it's like oh it just
bounces like right onto your character
cuz that's fair there's a lot of quality
of life things hopefully get changed
it's ironic though because like I feel
like that goes be slowly becoming like
the best owner they are yeah I just make
fun of him because it's funny huh don't
get me wrong they're much better than
Kabam Oh easily pop back in the water
and I can't get it I was watching the UM
the recent decade debrief episode with
DES oh and I'm they talked about the
remember the update where they removed
pots and goblins Oh for like a really
short amount of yeah I'm like I don't
even know we yeah yeah it was so that
was a very experimental time cuz pets
had already come out is that true mmm I
don't remember they just took away a
Me's maybe I want to be able to tell you
I don't actually remember what that time
was like I I kind of remember it but
it's so hazy to me yeah yeah me too I
remember that they took out pots but
they buffed the chance of Dungeons
dropping so like we killed like a lizard
God like three of them all next to each
other and there were like three snake
pits just like every other god we killed
would be dropping portals they wanted to
it was their way of encouraging team
play before like all these endgame
dungeons came in yeah
which isn't a bad idea but yeah you
can't really take away God lands farming
I mean that's just it's just it's it's
such a core part of the game it's like
there were there were just videos called
farming God lands with a wizard like
that was content because that was a
strategy that was something that people
did he wanted to see how many pots can
he get farm in God lands cuz dungeons
were too hard sometimes for people abyss
was my nightmare oh yeah
before pets serious I was like yeah well
they do like as much damage as God's do
oh yeah and they're much faster uh-huh
especially the regular demon he's there
oh yeah yeah naked demon sure just cuz
he doesn't wear anything like the rest
of them kind of do and he's just like
I'm gonna let my wiener flop out yeah
watch it he's a cool guy
I'd be observe feast your eyes you
tickle my nipple I tickle yours you
capisce not quite no I'm have to hit
that with a CI sorry
see ya ya later
oh good Cyclops
because he drops very precious Lou that
would be cool if all these little mini
well they're starting to do that with
Lich and ghost King but I think slowly
but surely all of these quest bosses
should drop something at least cool they
don't have to be like white bags or
anything despite it like not being worth
anything really I still thought it'd be
an interesting and funny idea just to
make these Cyclops drop the lethargic
cynthia's whatever it's cool yeah the
eyeball yeah that would be funny I'd
like that or just anything maybe a new
item that is an eyeball yeah confuses
enemies I love eyeball stuff all right
I've been wandering around killing
nothing what's happening we're waiting
for something to spawn but Oryx is being
a little douchebag I see that's
basically the gist of what's happening
right now it's like I want to spot
anything worth killing it gravy or
cyclopses here my 86 Cyclops gods will
defend me and 74 ghost kings supporting
anything else great thank you spouting
because we're not going to work
yeah he doesn't like he's like they
don't come to me
I don't good at them they don't want
what I want but I won't give them what
they want what a big baby I know right
huge just like the biggest child he is
but yeah you're right yeah I didn't
realize how depressing the lord the lost
lands backstory was oh yeah I got
overthrown yeah that's kind of uh I
didn't know that Oh sick well the
kingdom of our birth we need that yeah I
need that dungeon everything armor
breaks I'm kind of upset that they
changed cedar a little bit I understand
why they did it cuz that's right but
I kind of like the old UTSA to stay the
way they are yeah they shouldn't be
changed I think if anything ether I
should have just been nerfed
yeah or not made or something you don't
like make it as different yeah
we're not made yeah or give it yeah
change it in some way just just make it
not super broken Oh God God I'm quiet
and I think early it is very much so
yeah I mean it's super close range it is
better and then it loses DPS as it goes
down the line but yeah for many people
it is the best one the main problem is
that you can trade for it that's the
issue yeah it is a big issue also
there's a paladin here if you want to
come oh right that's how you solve your
problems that someone's annoying you
just kill them I always get scared of
killing someone's there knowing you know
no no I mean it's a it's a thought but I
always get through this with these big
fights cuz I can't see anything with
everybody his shots are colorful enough
you know most of them the Reapers though
the Reaper goes right through everybody
then oh the Reaper yeah the Reapers kind
of scary he doesn't he's not as scary
she used to be though he doesn't shoot
nearly as consistently and yeah they
nerfed him necessarily yeah he needed to
be nerfed honestly it's it's one of my
favorite event gods yeah this really
feels like he's difficult it's difficult
he's cool he's got crazy colorful shots
drops a good UT memorable set-piece he's
got it all
I can't remember what the old sprite
looked like like how different it is
honestly like I feel like HP scaling was
one of the best updates to this game
yeah I would say so
it's like cuz everybody got overpowered
so it was the best way to balance it out
psyche well let's add more and I really
like your idea of making dungeons
maybe all dungeons will just have HP
scaling yeah it's just like I don't see
why not cuz like
it's not even like the necessarily that
it's super needs it's just more like you
know you could fight a bigger boss if
you have more people it gives you an
incentive to actually be a team and
people for people to actually call
dungeons instead of just okay I gotta go
on before someone teleports cuz that's
not a good mindset to have when you're
playing a game that's based on teamwork
yeah and what it like whenever we're
talking about groups we don't mean like
5060 people it could just be like 10
yeah that's that's teamwork
yeah like it's a because obviously
whenever we get too many people on a
tablet congratulations
so are you saying oh I don't know my
brain turned off for a sec