what's up YouTube this is Luke with
Wilson auto detailing and the subject of
today's video is finally the
product super clean and yes I know what
you guys are thinking and the answer is
yes I am absolutely in love with this
product I have had subscriber after
subscriber after comment after comment
tell me Luke do a video about super
clean look up super clean check out
super clean and the fact of it is I have
been using it I've been experimenting
with it I've been doing a ton of stuff
and testing with super clean for the
past months and I just didn't get around
to a video yet cuz I got all these ideas
in my head but you know what guys here
it is and today we're testing out super
clean on tires so let's do this now as
most of you guys know I am a huge
proponent of understanding not only how
to use products and when to use products
and what products to use but also how
the products and the tools actually work
and why they work because the more you
understand the better you can do if
you're a professional detailer or if
you're a do-it-yourselfer and so this
super clean product is a dedicated
Degreaser and degreasers as a rule are
going to be alkaline which just means
they're going to be above seven and 14
or below on a pH scale just means
they're basic they contain hydroxides
they receive the hydrogen and the
chemical equation all that nonsense now
basically what that means is a Degreaser
is going to be great at breaking down
greases oils um anything like fats and
especially protein-based things and they
contain dispersing agents so they keep
things from clumping together they
that's part of why they clean so well so
this even though it's different from
purple Power it's different from Maguire
super Degreaser it's still
foundationally a Degreaser now let's go
check out how I use this to clean tires
on my client Vehicles so if you've seen
my video on purple Power Tire cleaning
that is also a great way to do it but
once again I love experimenting with new
products figuring out more efficient
effective and productive ways to do
things so let's figure out how to clean
tires with this product in particular I
use super clean Degreaser diluted not at
all when I'm cleaning tires okay it's
totally full strength now why is that
well because tires are arguably the
dirtiest part of every car because they
so have this Grime and grease buildup of
all the roads all the elements all the
outside world caked onto the sidewall of
the tires and so when you want to dress
a tire it has to be cleaned first just
like an artist working with a canvas you
don't give an artist a dirty canvas you
give him a clean canvas and then he can
make a painting he can draw whatever
it's the same thing with tires before
you dress a tire with a dressing you're
going to want to clean the sidewall and
it's going to take something powerful
like full strength Degreaser I don't
ever dilute any of my degreasers when
I'm using them on tires I don't really
understand why people do I just think
it's more effective and more efficient
to use a full strength Degreaser when
you're talking about tires now these
tires as a rule are already very clean
because this is one of my customers that
I detail the exterior of her car every
two weeks and so all I'm doing with this
super clean Degreaser right now is
pretty much removing a little bit of
dirt but for the most part I'm removing
the previous layer of Tire dressing that
I used two weeks ago in order to have a
fresh Tire a fresh canvas to apply a new
Fresh layer of dressing to apply a sort
of protectant to the tire a conditioner
to the tire and a lubricant to the tire
so that's what I'm doing with this super
clean now I'm the tire is already kind
of wet and so I'm going to show you guys
and take you in show you how I do this
so I'm going to go ahead and spray my
full strength super clean Degreaser on
this tire and I'm going to be very
generous because super clean is only
about $9 a gallon so I'm not worried
about how much I'm using cuz it's so
economical so I'm going to very
generously coat this tire in this super
clean full strength Degreaser I'm going
to take my scrub brush and I'm just
going to scrub a little bit and hose it
off with my hose so let's do this
and as you spray it you'll actually
before you even start scrubbing this
stuff is so powerful you'll actually see
the grease and grme begin to break down
and you'll see some almost like dirt
start to drip down and maybe even drip
down onto the wheels and so awesome
awesome awesome grease
cutter okay now I'm just going to take
my hose and hose off all this super
clean okay now I'm going to go ahead and
wipe up the uh the Water because it's
difficult to see how clean a tire really
is when it's wet because every Tire
looks really dark and black when it's
wet so you really don't know how clean
the tire is until it's dry so I'm going
to go ahead and wipe up all this excess
[Music]
water so guys check this out man that
thing is so clean so no dressing on it
just a scotch black matte finish no
dressing no dirt and that was all due to
the full strength super clean that I
just use I mean that's that was one
single pass and yes that's due partly to
the fact that I maintenance this vehicle
but I mean check that out I barely
scrubbed I just sprayed full strength
super clean barely did any manual labor
and that's the result that's just
absolutely incredible so guys I hope
this video helped you if you are new to
the Wilson auto detailing Community then
consider subscribing because I come out
with daily videos for tips and tricks
not only for the do-it-yourselfers but
also for the pro detailers out there um
regarding products to use tools to use
strategies to implement communication
skills business skills and so much more
so if you're new here consider
subscribing and guys if this video
helped you showed you a little bit add
some value to your life make sure to
give it a thumbs up and if you guys have
any ideas that you'd like me to make a
video about regarding detailing make
sure to leave that in the comment
section below because I will totally
help you you guys out and make a video
about any questions you guys have also
if you'd like to buy super clean I'm
going to put this gallon bottle of super
clean in the description box below so
just click the show more box below this
video and make sure to use my links
that'll take you straight to Amazon if
you want to get this super clean product
guys thanks so much for watching and I
just want to reiterate if you guys have
any questions any comments any concerns
or any video ideas that you'd like to
see me make a video about please don't
hesitate to ask don't hesitate to ask
questions and don't hesitate to ask or
request for a specific video topic
because this channel is designed to help
you guys so I want to help you guys and
some of the best video ideas come from
you guys the Wilson auto detailing
community so make sure don't hesitate
and just let me know what you'd like me
to make a video about and guys last look
check out this tire it's ridiculously
clean man this super clean is blowing my
mind but guys from l here at Wilson auto
detailing I'll catch you next time
[Music]