is a particularly big widespread one um
sometimes you don't get this top bit
here I'm going to take that off and
clean all of the mud off it and cut that
up small and use it in leak soup so we
won't need that just now but sometimes
you might just get a leak that's shaped
like this with the big top bits left off
in which case you can hold it up with
the bridge method chop it right down
through the
center just gently rock it if it work
won go prop it chop it right down
through the center so that it's not
going off to the side that way you've
got leaves of a book now you can see
where all your mud is and you can go
through and rinse that all off on the in
the tab just rinse it off like that as
if you're cleaning the leaves of a book
and that will make sure that You' got
rid of all the grit before you put it on
its base like this and then chop it
through