so I'm going to show you how to make
this very cute DIY project great gift
idea it's little wineglass charms that
look like a bunch of grapes and so the
materials that you're going to need for
this project are some four millimeter
beads about 28 to 30 beads a ruler lid
from like a little yogurt pot or
something but it should be the color
green and some green wire that's 20
gauges and then all your tools so how
we're going to do the project is I'll
move these over to the side and what
you're going to do first is measure your
wire and the wire needs to be about 15
inches long so we're going to measure 15
inches of the 20 gauge wire and we'll
get that a little quick and then what
you want to do is bend the wire at about
6 inches so we're going to measure 6
inches and give it a Bend okay so that's
going to be where we start the beading
so you're going to leave the 6 inches
like that and then on the other side
we're going to put on the little round
bead and like I said you're going to put
on about about 28 to 30 of the beads so
once you have about 4 inches of beads on
there it might the number of beads might
vary depending on how many you know how
big the beads are so about 4 inches of
beads and then at that point this is a
little bit the tricky part because what
you want to do is you want the shorter
wire to go up and then you want to start
with one bead on the end so the beads
don't fall off just do a little loop on
the ends so they don't fall off so bend
this on a bit of a on a bit of a right
angle and have a little bit of give
there and then what you want to do is
actually twist the wire all
the way around so it looks like two
beads about the one bead and then at
that point you just want to keep
rotating rotating them around and this
part could be a bit tricky you want to
make sure you let the beads have a
little bit of give otherwise the wire
isn't gonna Bend very well so we're just
gonna kind of gradually spiral around
that main wire and as always it doesn't
have to be absolutely perfect but the
idea is to have the spiral get a little
bit bigger as you wind around start
small and gets a little bit bigger okay
and you can kind of wiggle it around a
bit to see like that and then once you
get to the end you're going to just
twist the end around a complete one
complete time like that okay and then at
this point you can kind of adjust it so
it looks how you want it to look sort of
like a tapering up of the beads okay so
you've got that and then to make the
leaf I'm actually going to use a piece
of that lid that we were talking about
so there's the lid there so we're going
to use a little piece like that and you
can actually just cut it with scissors
you can draw a great leaf shape on first
if you want I'm going to kind of rehand
it a bit because I've already made a few
so I know what it looks like
you can always Google search grape
leaves on the internet to have an idea
of what they look like so we want it to
sort of more or less the right shape of
the grape leaf there's a little kind of
a nick in there too so you've got your
little grape leaf like that
and then we actually have to poke a
little hole in the plastic so that we
could put the wire through it so you're
going to get a safety pin and just poke
a little hole like that and then what
we're going to do is on the shorter end
of the wire we're going to stick it
through the hole like that
and then we're going to bend it back and
then give it another full twist around
the big wire and then what you want to
do is make your spiral in the stem so
we're going to get our round pliers and
we're going to spiral it around now if
the ends a little off you can just clip
it a bit to make sure it's even and
we're going to take the round pliers
give it a twist like that so once you
start the twist then you can just by
hand kind of twist it like that and then
for the part that goes around the
wineglass down you're going to same
thing you can cut it flush to make sure
it's nice and clean and then we're going
to give it a twist to make the initial
turn and then you can continue a little
bit to get the spiral going and then I
just find it it's much easier just to do
it by hand and then this spiral you want
to make quite a bit looser because it's
actually going to hook on to the
wineglass okay so it's quite a bit
bigger like that okay so then here's
your finished charm and how it goes on
the glass so we'll bring this glass over
here here's our other one there and
we'll just tip it over and you just kind
of push it around this time and it's the
wires flexible so you can kind of push
it together a little bit how you see fit
and there is your little wineglass
term