hey what's up fam we coming to y'all
from the depths of our
basement The Depths the depths of our
basement we're actually um hiding from
the children we're
hiding um you'll probably hear some
stomping and some loud noise in the
background um but we we figured that you
know we would Escape for a few minutes
to um just to get the hell away I mean
really that's what it goes down to um
you know sometimes you got to be
intentional about um you know just
carving out that space and and um
getting away from the kids you know and
and you know one thing that I know that
women in particular wrestle with
especially moms um is that whole guilt
feeling you know yeah why you know yeah
cuz there's a number of occasions where
you know and kids too they real creative
they try
to really sorry I'm tired don't you want
to cook dinner
don't you want to cook dinner might get
a treat later if you cook dinner oh
really when I get a treat if out water
R really yeah that's not the same it's
not the same well it's still me making
sure that the kids are taking care of BL
me off the hook yeah I don't know I
think about it so hey y'all so you know
baby I want to know like how do you
stop how do you deal with those fellas
of guilt I'm not trying to talk about
all that I mean I'm really curious
because I think that is important
because a lot of women wrestle with that
you know a lot of moms in particular and
whereas we as fathers some fathers
probably do wrestle with it but I ain't
one of them you know I'm real quick to
to to say I got to go for a walk I need
to go run an errand I got go to the
movies I'm going to the store to go get
some napkins even though we already have
three packs of napkins but you got to
find a way to like maintain your sense
of sanity and it's not that your
children your wife or whomever you're in
relationship with you know necessarily
drives you crazy but you got to have
that space for some just for some
Serenity like earlier today when you
said you were going to run out for a
second You' be right back in 15 minutes
and you came back about an hour and a
half later is that was that is that what
you're talking about and you your car
looked super shiny when you came back
like you had been through some super you
know scrub down and you supposed to be
going to to do something and be back in
15 minutes I mean y'all going to
understand I mean I told my wife I told
my wife when I got back that my boo was
whispering in my ear and she said she
needed some TLC look so stop talking
about that damn car talking about this
your boo so so I had to tend to her
jealous of a car I I I had to tend to
her so you tend to that you tended to
that boo over this boo right here nah
baby you know you you know you're my
you're my number
one don't even
lie you're not you're not my you're not
my only you're my number one all right
is that supposed to be better
but for real y'all again we just coming
to y'all just shooting the breeze and
just saying that you know just being
intentional about um you know spending
time with you and your spouse or just
you by yourself or you and your other
boo mean in your car are you say because
it's gu I don't like where this is going
no I don't understand you got you got to
make sure that you take time for
yourself so that you have some sense of
some sanity some sense of psycho
emotional
stability psych emotional cuz that's
what it's about y Psych
spiritual I mean that's what
it's some psych tional balance it's got
to be about that because if you have it
if you don't have it then you're going
to be wavering you're going to be why
you always got say psycho emotional I'm
trying to capture two words with one
word that's what I'm trying to do I just
say you know you got to have her balance
you know what I'm saying you just got
know what that mean you know emotional
that's how you say it too all right
y'all as always don't try don't try to
stop it what do you want to say what's
the lesson that you're teaching the
lesson is to take time for s so you can
have some psycho
emotional wellbe all right y stop
playing start pushing