hi I'm Jenny with show me cute and I
have a really exciting project for you
today which uh is a multi-purpose
project it can be used um as a
Valentine's box or just a decorative box
that you could use uh in a bedroom or
however you want to use it um so for a
list of supplies go to showme.com and I
will have more detailed photos as well
as all the items that I used in what
stores I shopped at as well as pricing
so to start out uh this started a few
years ago with making really cute
Valentine's boxes for my kids this one I
found at Hobby Lobby and they're always
50% off and I think this one yeah it was
$4.29 full price so $2 with your 50% off
coupon and what we're going to do is Mod
Podge scrapbook paper on
and then put really cute stuff on the
top you will be wowed and amazed at the
end okay so this is the color scheme I'm
kind of going for a more romantic girly
box which will do well afterwards in a
bedroom just as a junk box or whatever
you trinkets however you want to use it
so I'm going to do this cute pink and
Brown glittery I found this um one that
has brown glitter polka dots and so to
start out to mod podge you um need this
kind of mod podge right here they have
um at all kinds of craft stores and so I
have that in my box and there's all
kinds of shapes of boxes as well you
just have to pick out whatever works
best for you and so first thing I'm
going to do is
measure and this looks like 7 and 1
12
by 7 and 34 so I'm just going to take my
paper cutter and there's all different
kinds of paper Cutters if you don't have
a paper cutter you can just measure it
with a ruler mark it off and um cut it
where you need it so I needed 7 and a
half by
seven and 34s
which I have and so that will fit nicely
on that side so I'm going to continue to
cut out all my paper I'm just giving you
the tip and kind of showing you how you
do that if it were round you would have
to just measure it so long and then go
all the way around and what have you so
I'm going to cut all my strips uh to fit
on all four sides of my box the top of
my lid and the sides as well and then
I'll come back and show you how we're
going to start mod podging on
there okay I have put on three sides to
my box and I'm getting ready to do my
fourth side so I'll show you how I'm
doing that I placed some of the uh glue
in a bowl and I have just a plain Jane
craft brush and I'm just going to brush
it
on you can be messy because we're going
to go on top of the paper as well so it
doesn't matter if you get it on top of
the paper
um and you want to work quickly cuz this
dries very quickly
so brush brush brush and be generous
with your amount as well okay we have
that on there and then I'm just going to
take the piece of paper the correct
direction and stick that
on and just kind of hold it for a
second and
that's how we're going to look I went
ahead and put my top piece on the lid
and normally I would cut strips and do
on the side as well but I have a really
um some really cute things to go on the
side and I don't think it's really going
to show that much so it I'm not going to
take the time to do it so um and you
will also notice that the paper will
kind of Bubble Up or crinkle up just a
little bit you
can't really help that so don't be um
discouraged if you didn't get a nice
flat look to your paper that's part of
The Mod Podge look okay so to protect
your paper and seal your paper you're
going to take the glue and you are going
to put it on the top as well and it will
dry totally
clear and beautiful and it will give it
a nice
finished
look so you're just going to take your
brush and go over all of your paper on
the outside as well and when I'm
finished with this step I'll come back
and show you how I'm going to finish off
my
box all right I have finished all my mod
podge and started on my um fancy parts
fancy parts okay when you're mod podging
don't be scared when you get um the
bigger bubbles in the paper mine um had
even bigger I don't know if you can see
some of those but as it dries it will
begin to flatten out I took my blow
dryer and tried to speed up the process
on this side and you can see it's
starting to flatten out as well as with
this box um it had big bubbles on it and
as it dries it flattens out so don't
freak out if that happens to you
okay for the my lid I have taken and
glued on some um trimmings I guess you
would call them I found them in the
ribbon department and I took this ruffly
one and then I even took a sparkly one
and put on top and then on the top and
so I just hot glued those on took my hot
glue gun cut them just put the hot glue
on so for the top I want to make this
really frilly and fancy and so I got
some of this uh tool that even has
glitter as well so if you'll notice we
have glitter on the bottom of the Box
glitter in our ribbon and then we're
going to pick up a little bit more Brown
glitter in here as well for the top of
my box to make it extra cute I got a few
uh items this one is a feather that I
cut off to the size that I wanted it and
I just hot glued that down first for
this tool that we're picking up here I
have a brown and I cut I just cut three
strips about this long and then I fanned
it through the middle and tied it with
just a little strip of the
tool and um then I hot glued that down
and then I took a rose that I just cut
off from the stem from uh with a pair of
wire cutters and I put a whole bunch of
glue and hot glue that down
so that's what it looks like in the end
I think that is pretty darn cute so I
would love to see what kind of boxes you
think of and dream up or if you try and
make one similar to this one if you go
to show me cute on Facebook you can post
your pictures there and uh any other
comments you have as well or questions
for me don't forget to subscribe to our
blog and check back later for another
cute idea