today we will be showing you how to make
the perfect duck fart yes my turn go go
ahead okay here we go we start with
Bailey's fresh ma Kahlua and Crown Royal
equal amounts you have our shot glasses
and we have a turkey injector that I
took some electrical shrink wrap and put
on the top hole so it will disperse the
fluids more readily you can start with
the Crown Royal inject into each of the
cups whatever amount you want the
Bailey's bottom the glass slowly inject
the Bailey's into the glass it'll stay
separated making two because my son was
here and we both get any messed up at
the same time and it's Christmas even
that's just what you do so then you go
with Cola which is the heaviest the last
believe me these aren't the first ones
we make today we said you have several
to find out the process the the other
way to do it is just haphazard and drink
what your failure is no liquor was
wasted in the making of this video there
you go perfect duck fart for Christmas
that is how you make the perfect duck
fart Merry Christmas