what's going on guys today we are going
to be talking about shave creams as you
can see shave creams come in many
different varieties from York and cream
traditional cream shave soap and even a
lather a shave cream but here's the deal
shave creams while they come in many
different varieties really depend on
what you're going to be using whether
you use a modern cartridge razor or even
a traditional safety razor any one of
these creams can have a large impact not
only in the overall comfort but the time
that takes you to shave in the morning
and of course you know the results that
you're looking for whenever you do use a
shave cream so make no mistake shave
creams have been around for years I mean
this one for instance has been around
since the 1800s not this one
particularly but this brand anyways and
so men have been using them for years
and you don't have to look too far into
YouTube to see some really ridiculous
commercials about shave cream men
nothing takes it off like Noxzema
medicated
what's behind this super lather a
special wedding action that saturates
and lubricate thoroughly Barbasol
Barbasol has a certain ritual lather as
any other leading foam but Barbasol can
cost half as much as higher price so
those commercials are pretty ridiculous
right one of the key things though in
order to discover what shave cream is
the best for you
the rule still remains a shave cream
needs to make your skin supple so what
does supple me well here I'm gonna go
ahead and take a page out of the
merriam-webster dictionary so let's go
ahead and look at supple means being
capable of being bent or folded without
creases cracks or breaks that is
imperative to shave comfort remember
this razor for instance I use it to
shave my head it has five blades on it
whenever I put five blades on the
surface of your skin you do not want it
to crack break or tear your skin at all
I mean I don't want to make a swipe with
the razor blade and have blood gushing
out of my head no that would be horrible
now even the same rule remains whether
you're using a safety razor that has
only a single blade that is making
contact with your skin at a given time
regardless you want to make sure that
your skin is able to kind of bend to
that razor blade and that is really
really key this is under the assumption
of course that you do change your razor
blade regularly or if you use a safety
razor that your technique is on point so
let's go ahead and kind of take a look
at each one of these shaving creams a
little bit further so the canned cream
the canned cream has been around for
years decades actually and it's built
around very specific features first off
it's convenient you can literally pop it
off spray it in your hand apply to your
face and start shaving immediately that
has that convenience and speed built
into it unlike many of the other shave
creams that are offered and so if you're
a busy dad or if you're a guy that just
does not have a lot of time in the
morning or always find yourself running
late hand creams are often going to be
very good for
you now they are also very shower
friendly so I myself like to actually
shave my head in the shower now because
it just makes cleanup a heck of a lot
easier personally I use the lather of
this which I'll talk about in just a
second but the canned cream also makes
is a great substitute for that because
you can so long as you're not under the
water streams in the shower of course
you can just go ahead and lather
yourself up on your face or your head
and go ahead and make the appropriate
passes that is key what they can't
creams now one of the things what can
creams that a lot of guys have a
misnomer place in them is the CFCs
chlorofluorocarbons these were huge in
the late 70s and throughout the 80s they
were used in everything from within
refrigerators and of course within
hairspray and can shave creams now those
floor chlorofluorocarbons if you will
actually depleted the ozone layer and an
alarming rate and so there's this
actually really interesting video I'll
link to it in the description it was
produced by the UN that talks about the
harm of CFCs and what they did to the
ozone layer now I can't talk too much
about the other propellants in here
because I'm not a scientist and I can't
pretend to be a scientist but most
notably I just wanted to touch base on
the chlorofluorocarbons and that they
are no longer within hand creams anymore
now as far as the cons fork and shave
creams one of the biggest gripes that a
lot of men have about this these types
of shave creams is their lack of control
you'll see here in just a minute hand
creams provide no control really
whenever it comes to your lather now if
you're using a cartridge razor this
probably isn't a big deal even if you're
using an electric razor as well too is
that you know the the cream that comes
out of here is more often than not gonna
be okay in this primarily what these are
designed for anyways is going to be more
so for the cartridge razors than any
other typical types of razors on the
market now another con if you will to
these types of hand creams is that they
are actually a little bit more pricier
than some of the other options that
exist on the table here now canned
creams
they don't last nearly as long as some
of the other options so if you find
yourself saving daily this can actually
start to add up throughout the course of
the year then so you might want to look
at some other options that we're gonna
go over in just a minute
if you are on a really restricted budget
so next up I want to talk about the
traditional shave cream now this guy has
been around for over a couple hundred
years and with good reason I mean you're
not gonna have a fly-by-night company
that's going to have our traditional
shave cream and just kind of be okay
like this stuff is good but what this is
really designed for and where it finds
its most use is in for guys that use
this little thing the safety razor
safety razors are really great tools
especially if you're on a budget the
ability to get a very close shave with
only a single blade provides a lot of
comfort for a lot of men but in order
for this to actually perform as well as
it can you need to use a regular shave
cream now a traditional or regular shave
cream as I just said they are extremely
thick like check this out here's the
shave cream right here tossing the
upside down nothing's coming out these
guys are incredibly thick that can
really get a really good lather now not
only is a thick lather really good in
order to kind of insulate your skin
whenever you are shaving but it's going
to make sure that your skin remains
supple which I said is so important at
the beginning of this video now here's
the thing about these traditional shave
creams is that they can be a little bit
frustrating for beginners and the reason
why is you need to use a basically a
scuttle or a mug and a shave brush in
order to get the most out of them now
some manufacturers have traditional
shave creams will say that you can just
go ahead and scoop out a little bit and
then apply it to your face but you're
really not going to get a really thick
or rich lather and it's gonna be a
leather that's pregnant before the
bubble is not going to perform the
absolute best so you do need to use two
additional products with this
traditional shave cream again it's gonna
be a little bit frustrating for some
guys but I promise though if you do give
it a shot you can find some of these on
or just any shave retailer basically for
less than 20 bucks and that's just kind
of like an entry-level model and they do
get really expensive and I think that's
beyond the scope of this video
but if you do want to kind of dip your
toes in it and have a old coffee mug
sitting around what you know is what I'm
using here you can still get a really
good lather in a really good shave for a
very little effort and very low cost of
course and speaking of cost that's one
thing that's really important about this
shave cream is unlike the canned cream
over here that might get you say and I'm
just pulling a number here about roughly
45 uses out of it this one can typically
go double that because yeah it only
takes a little bit to generate a really
rich lather and so you well it might
seem expensive at first the long-term
cost once you are fully you know going
in with this type of shave cream will be
significantly cheaper which is good of
course for the bottom line and of course
your face because you're gonna get a
much better shave from that and this
traditional shave cream like I said does
work for the traditional safety razor
here it can of course work with the
cartridge razor now cartridge razors are
susceptible to clogging so you're really
going to want to hone in your lather if
you will whenever using this type of
shave cream because you know if it's too
thick you might only be able to go an
inch or two before it's clogged and then
you're going to kind of be frustrating
that you have to rinse it out every two
seconds so just one of those caveats
with additional shave cream now on to
the shave so very similar to the shave
cream here except for shave soap has
actually probably been around a little
bit longer instead of like a shave cream
that comes in a really thick cream shave
soap is gonna be in like a pocket one
now what you're gonna want to do with
the shave soap is going to be very
similar to a shave cream it's going to
require a both a shave brush a mug and
then or some men might actually generate
a lather just within the shave bowl
itself it's down to a personal
preference and what you're getting best
results
now one of the biggest caveats to this
is it's gonna be the most time-consuming
now it's not gonna be ridiculous I'm not
talking name more than five minutes here
but it's definitely worth mentioning and
even more so than the traditional shave
cream here is that shave soap is
actually one of the cheapest options out
there on a per shave basis so you not
only get about the same amount of shaves
that you would about out of our
traditional shave cream but you are
going to get a very low price now some
shave soaps can bring up quite a bit
depending on how many times it's move
been milled you might see like triple
milled shave soaps and those ones are
really pricey buy pricey I'm talking
like $50 or perhaps even more but this
one here I believe I paid I don't have
the sticker on it I reckon I it was
under ten bucks I think for this one and
and it was a definitely one that still
does provide really great results but
for a fraction of the cost and just like
with the traditional shave cream here is
that the safety razor it's gonna be
better for this with the shave soap then
it would be for the cartridge razor
again cartridge more so built out of
convenience and speed you might have the
same clogging issues that you do over
the shave soap depends on how you really
generate that lather but the safety
razor will go ahead and still be work
really well at this because it's not
really susceptible to clogging as much
now last but not least I want to talk
about the lather list shave cream now
lavatory shave creams are actually
pretty new in the marketplace I even
within the past ten years or so you're
starting to see them crop up more and
more and I think kind of the reason for
that is the natural movement among a lot
of consumers kind of push this product
into the marketplace
coupled with like the dangers of CFCs
that really presented themselves in the
80s and 70s like I was talking about
earlier is that lather 'less shave
creams provide all the convenience and
speed of this guy but without a can
and one of the things that you're
starting to see in a lot of these like I
said with the natural products is a lot
of natural ingredients contained within
these now normally a lot of people might
associate natural ingredients with
inferior results but I find that this is
actually really good at getting a very
very close shave and very little time
without the need for the typical brush
or mug for most men I would recommend
this type of shave cream now I'm not
recommending this brand in particular
there's lots of options that are out
there but it tends to work well
relatively well with safety razors
now with cartridge razors they do tend
it really depends on the manufacturer
and not talking about this manufacturer
that's why I blacklight a bold does them
all here but some of them may be a
little too thick and it may cause some
clogging which can be frustrating
especially if you're coming from a
candid environment but again though
that's really depending on the
manufacturers there are some really good
manufacturers out there and I'll put a
link in the description of some really
good reviews that I put together of
other lather early shave cream Steph do
you perform really well that don't
really clog your cartridge razor I and
will do a really good job as far as
comfort and performance for your face
head or wherever on your body that you
tend to be shaving but that's about it
with all these shave creams as you can
see they they're kind of all have their
unique pros and cons some of these are
really good for the traditional safety
razor and some of them are a lot better
for the cartridge razor so basically
kind of recap these two are really good
for the cartridge treasure they they're
built for convenience and speed this one
can work for the safety razor but it's
it definitely these two the
bread-and-butter are more so the
cartridge or even the disposable razor
and then as far as what these two they
are going to tend to work a little bit
better for the safety razor or perhaps
the straight razor so that's it with all
the shave creams that exist on the
market here now I definitely want to
hear from you guys what do you used
a shave cream and what are your biggest
problems with it that you're currently
facing I mean do you find that you get a
lot of razor bumps on your neck yes post
shave skin irritation you know any sort
of bleeding or cuts I definitely want to
hear about so I can try to you know
recommend you guys in one direction or
another or just general gripes that you
might have about shaving so with that I
hope you guys got some good info out of
the video if you did hit that thumbs up
button really appreciate it helps grow
this video if you will and then if you
subscribe you'll be notified when new
videos like this do come out on a
regular basis and last but not least I
hope you guys have a awesome day I'll
see you guys later