hello everyone this is Reggie the
appliance repair nerd coming to you
again with another repair and this is on
a Kenmore 400 series but this repair
replies to any direct drive washer which
is whirlpool Roper Kenmore etc etc
basically if it looks like this in this
setup
that's pretty much a whirlpool brand
product so on this one this is a machine
I got to refurbish about 420 bucks and I
resell them for about 180 to 200 give a
four month warranty and also delivery so
on this particular one its humming so
this is highly misdiagnosed where most
people think it could be the lid switch
but before you splicer will it switch
and do all the other stuff if it's not
draining water out not spinning its most
it could be this let's put it directly
on spin
not sure if you guys can hit that but
there's a humming noise so with that
humming noise basically indicates that
the motor is trying to move but is
seized up now most likely isn't a bad
motor on this very rare happens though
but it's very rare most likely something
is keeping it from seizing up if I had
if I were a gambling man I would say
there's something stuck in a pump
usually it's like a baby sock or
something like that cuz so typically
this is what happens you put clothes
inside your washer you don't you know if
you put it in clothes if you put water
in first and then throw your clothes in
that's the way this can happen because
your clothes are not saturated water so
they're floating to the top of the tub
and basically floats in this gap here
which is the gap between the outer and
inner tub gets in there goes behind the
tub and gets stuck inside the pump
typically you know baby socks toddler
socks that will happen
so let's verify so first thing we need
to do is take off but no first thing we
need to do is unplug it of course safety
first next thing we do okay so this one
I forgot so many things so in this
particular one you either have screws
here some water pool products screws
here on some whirlpool products but in
this particular one there's no screws so
what do you do that means you have to
putty knife it so there's probably just
a clamp in there
so you just take a this putty knife or
you can take a type of spatula or even a
screwdriver which is kind of tough I'm a
butter knife would be more ideal so
anyway you push this in you'll feel it
bouncing around you push it in and lift
up
on the other side next tool you will
need so you need a screwdriver and these
are the housing clamps for your washer
again if you have a Roku product direct
dry the setup is just like this on all
of them except for the obviously getting
the top off so that goes back and just
keys let's show you around a house a
little bit here you've got a timer and
this is your pressure pump and this
controls the water level I'm sorry water
temperature excuse me this is your lid
switch and this typically burns out too
so if some reason you're not getting
coming in the washer just won't go into
the spin cycle typically it's these burn
out a lot and you'll unplug this what
you're going to do anyway in there UGC
like a burn cinder murk on the ground
wire which is the green wire this one is
good though and you can always test it
out by doing a jumper which is you take
a another wire and you connect these did
the two power wires which is your yellow
and your gray don't click it agreeing
and that's grounder that's a grounder
and if it starts up do you know into
this which I also sell on my website so
you can check that out at a link below
on my website to show you exactly to
give you exactly what you need and fast
shipping so you take
use a screwdriver Phillip hit anything
that's a long and pointed comes out
parts or you can find them I've got a
video also on how to take off the
cabinets and also how to put them back
on because if you never put one he's
back on you will be sweating and
throwing your tools now the pump can
also get accessed by lifting up the
washer this is the best way it's less
frustrating and it's a little bit easier
as far as accessing the pump itself so
this is how we can actually test this is
the pump
tilt this back I'll show you this right
underneath that is the coupler so if you
turn on coupler what's your hand which
I'm about to do and it's net it's not
moving at all and you know something is
jammed up so that's how you take off the
pump your finger driver clamps remove it
go back again and turn your coupler and
that cover is spinning so that means
this Punk was preventing the motor which
is that the air from spinning see now
spins nice and free so that is your
problem
so let me should I take that on nice
little handy tool if you guys are
planning to pair people or new in the
business how you recommend this if
you're a homeowner and this is a one one
off thing then you want to grab some
towels so you're gonna have water grab
Charles or have a second person hold
this pinch this hose for you so these
are there's a nice little tool I have in
my tool bag to keep water from you know
customers floor
I still do me the towel to keep the work
I'm spilling all over the place
grab that alright so we have our towel
underneath in place you can also give a
very small bucket this thing moves
around a little bit so you can drop that
into a low-profile bucket too if you
haven't clamps because you don't have
that much water but you don't have a
clamp I need a pretty big bucket so you
may see these clamps
yeah remove it I'm actually show you how
to unrestrictive pump excuse the
camerawork I'm kind of holding it in
doing this at the same time maybe a
little war on the floor but I'm in my
shop so I don't care so what kind of
prize we having here now that looks like
a black sock so I'm going to show you
guys how to remove that black site you
actually can do this without replacing
the pump but I do sell these pumps on my
website if you decide you do need one
there's a reason why I - because you see
that little streak right there so the
shortest pump does leak a little bit so
I'm going to replace the pump but I'm
going to show you how to remove the
obstruction line right there there feel
free to go ahead and replace your pump I
mean uh gladness remove the obstruction
and put the old pump back on and that
might be a one-off leak I don't know but
because I'm selling this thing I'm gonna
go ahead and just replace it so let me
show you guys how to take off the
obstruction all right camera angle and
have both my hands so takes a pair of
needlenose pliers now you don't want to
yank on this thing because you want to
you don't want to break the fabric start
off with a wider part of the pump put my
needlenose in there get a good solid
grip on it and then you pull it you want
to pull out enough where I can actually
twist this thing like this things not
it's gonna fight you a little bit I'll
use a pump housing there alright so once
you got a little bit out of there set it
up just like this and twist you want to
use no muscle you want the muscle it or
anything just twist and that think right
lose the threads just twist twist again
yeah I got a stubborn one strap on the
short in so much way this thing is
jammed in here
I'm sure you know those won't fit what
clamp
muscle this one Apple you did a little
twist motion actually does it of course
I wasn't fighting in the day I want to
record one of these all right I'm always
win
all right now you have a stubborn one
sticking elos in there and twist why
it's in there cuz like it's more on that
short side and my needlenose pliers it
is soaked too big
unless you have a smaller ones like a
further and actually open and grab so
I'm gonna try to yank it over a little
bit more yank and twist and pull all
right now - reading a soccer player yeah
it's coming over
so grab and twist I promise you usually
it's not this difficult usually it's a
little baby Timmy sock and it comes
right on that always win always win
undefeated so there it is so if you
don't have a water I don't wipe it off
now
you know I know a water stain right here
go ahead and replace your pump I do have
off of a website we over all your orders
you do Express shipping also helps me
keep giving valuable information so I
appreciate the support again there's a
link below it's called our clients pull
carts comm is my website if you have any
questions feel free to leave a question
below or I try to answer our questions
in 24 hours
questions suggestions the other Tech's
out there you know a easier way feel
free to share it's worn with skin a cat
so that's it thank you for listening