what's up fam and thank you so so much
for stopping by the Channel Once Again
from us over here at Locust and wild
honey so for today's video I have a
review a giveaway to announce as well as
a great discount code for you guys so
stay tuned to the very end of this video
for
[Music]
that the brand that we're going to be
looking at today is minimal LA and
despite the fact that they've been
nothing short of gracious to us and the
community um by supplying us with extra
denim to give away as well as coupon
codes and discount codes uh things of
that sort these things are actually not
why um I love this brand so much because
to put it into perspective objectively
speaking I just really really mess with
this brand that's simply due to the fact
that the quality is there the price
point is there and you're not left
feeling like you didn't get a really
great value for what you purchased you
guys may have already seen my minimal La
denim video and a lot of you guys
already have experienced the quality and
the fair pricing that they already have
I probably couldn't even begin to count
all the tweets and DMS that I got from
community members who were ecstatic
about how well the denim ended up
looking fitting and the overall quality
and value that they felt that they have
gotten uh from the respective denim so
if you have yet to see it I definitely
suggest you guys check out their Denim
and check out the video if you want a
little bit more reference that being
said the story doesn't end there because
minimal just dropped all these pieces
and I'm so so excited to share them with
you so without further Ado let's go
ahead and check them out so today we're
going to be looking at two different
styles of sweaters both of which coming
in a variation of colors the first
garment we're going to be looking at is
the essential hoodie and the name is
definitely very very fitting due to the
fact that I find this to be an essential
piece to my wardrobe if you guys are
familiar with fear of God's everyday
hoodie this would be definitely a great
alternative at a fraction of the price
priced at $68 you guys are definitely
getting a bang for your buck when it
comes to this hoodie simply due to the
fact that it is so stinking well
constructed I love the fact that it's
heavy cotton which allows the hoodie to
sit really really well on body as well
as it being made of French ter material
it's super soft so it is so so comfy
definitely a huge fan of this hoodie
those aren't even my favorite features
about this hoodie because as we take a
closer look at it we get to see in
detail the attention to detail that they
took with regard to styling so let's
give it a look as you can see here the
hoodie has an oversized design featuring
the drop shoulder effect this is easily
one of my favorite features and
qualities in 2016 with regard to hoodies
and one thing that I always look for
moving to the front we see that the hood
has an overlapping design which is a
very very nice detail moving downward on
the front we see that there is a nice
deep pouch pocket which is perfect for
just sticking your hands in to keep them
warm or just throwing your wallet or
your cell phone in there moving to the
bottom and the sides of the hoodie I
love the fact that it features a split
hem on the sides which exposes whatever
layer that you have underneath lastly is
a characteristic that's probably going
to get overlooked a lot but is one of my
favorites and that's the darting on the
shoulder I don't know what it is about
darting but there's just like an added
value for me personally when that level
of attention to detail is implemented so
definitely shouts to minimal La for that
now with regard to size when it comes to
this hoodie I do suggest you go true to
size if you prefer a more cropped look
with a slightly slightly oversized
finish that being said if you want an
oversized look I do suggest one size up
as you can see here the hoodie comes in
black tan or sand color white salmon and
a color that looks Olive but kind of tan
next up let's look at the mock necks as
you can see here we have a hybrid
between a crew neck and a turtleneck
which is perfect because you can dress
this up or dress it down true to form to
minimals Mantra it really is all about
the details and as you can see here
there's a seam that goes from the neck
down through the back all the way to the
bottom of this mock neck which is a very
nice added feature it also features that
drop shoulder effect which makes this
mock neck one of my favorites as you can
see here it comes in Black salmon and in
that sand tan color way now on to my
favorite part of this video the giveaway
as you can see here I have two extra
hoodies as well as an extra mock neck
that we're going to be giving away so
here's how you get to win it what you
need to do is really quite simple first
you need to follow both myself as well
as minimal on Instagram next look for
this picture here on minimals Instagram
and tag me as well as the hash giveaway
to be entered in the contest shortly
thereafter we're going to select one
person at random to receive all three
items and that's all there is to it guys
I wish you guys the best of luck go
ahead and get after it all right guys so
that's going to do it for today's video
hope hopefully you guys enjoyed it
hopefully it was insightful enough to
give you enough resource to decide if
these pieces are for you for me
personally they are Essentials so
definitely give them a look as you guys
already know when I work with Brands I
definitely have to try and get a
discount code for you guys so here it is
Locust Wild Honey 10 get your 10% off
check out the website I definitely
suggest it now as I end every video here
at Locust wild honey I'm going to say
peace and be blessed
[Music]