[Music]
so here we are at Ken's house is you've
got a drainage problem right now because
the water just comes out from his sump
pump and drains on his grass so what
we're going to do is we're going to
disconnect this it's going to go into a
pipe underground we dug it all the way
out to the sidewalk and it's going to
eggs-it over there
so we Brown next to his house is always
[Music]
[Music]
we put gravel at the end of our trench
we're going to use that for some
additional drainage so what I'm going to
do since this pipes is not the
perforated I'm going to poke some holes
in here it's got a drainage port here so
some of the water is going to just drain
into the ground if we get too much water
it's going to come through the lids
going to pop off and then it's going to
spill out onto the grass so the pipe we
put in is going underground and it's
exiting right here by the house so this
is the existing pipe where we're going
to cut and put on this elbow so the
water will come out and it will spill
into here now we don't want a connection
between these two because we want to
avoid freezing so there's going to be a
space
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we're going to cut it and leave a space
so we need to cut about this much
[Music]
so I put a piece of duct tape around
here just to get a snug fit so we
finished digging the trench we finished
laying the pipe in the ground we've got
everything sealed up now we're going to
just let this dirt on top dry and it's
going to settle and then we're going to
eventually plant grass seed and get it
all evened out but let's go turn on the
water and see how it works
[Music]