hi everyone I've been trying to preserve
some of the flowers and leaves from my
garden before they're gone until the the
spring and you know lots of them are
falling on the floor now and they're all
crinkled up so I decided to go out into
the garden with a basket and bring them
in and try and preserve them now you all
probably know how impatient I am so I'm
not the type of person that's going to
use a flower press and wait for weeks
and weeks and weeks on end or sandwich
things you know in between piles and
piles of books so I found a quick way
and for us to preserve our flowers and
and leaves so let me just show you what
I've got these are the petals of the
head from a hydrangea and just look how
delicate and beautiful these are I just
absolutely love these that let me just
try and pick one up for you they're just
so so delicate I just absolutely love
love love these and so that's those what
else have we got some Heather's I just
absolutely love how these have fun
turned out aren't they just gorgeous and
that's you know kept it's wonderful rich
color I just love those they are
delicate so you've got to be careful and
with these and of course some ideas of
what we can do with these as well which
I'll you know put together in in a day
or day or two some purple leaves
don't ask me what any of these are I've
forgotten I just went round the garden
and just them you know randomly picked
things that term I liked the look of
I've got this one here unfortunately
that piece there has snapped off these
are incredibly delicate once they've
dried but I quite like that some maple
leaves I just love these just look how
gorgeous those those are and I'm going
to do some more of these as well because
then I just think it's them it's a shame
not to and whilst we've got them
available in the garden just look at
these these are some kind of wild
flowers I can't even remember what these
these are I've got a couple of pages of
those and then some smaller leaves I
like these because they'd started to
turn red around the edge on they're just
beautiful just so pretty so I'm just
going to explain
to do it watch going to need is some
kind of wax wrap now for you guys in the
US I think and you can get hold of this
in your local supermarkets for some
reason for us in the UK you've either
got to order it online or you've got to
go to a speciality shop I got this from
a cake decorating shop in Hereford when
Alex was at the six Foreman it was three
pounds 25 is the same place that I got
all the food coloring from when I was
doing the food coloring sprays so that
was three pounds 25 for 12 meters you
can get it on Amazon slightly more
expensive four pounds 45 is the cheapest
price I've found it for it's not this
specific brand but I think any brand
will work so you know that's where
you're going to get it from Amazon or a
cake decorating shop and what you're
going to need is a grouchy old tea towel
don't use your best tea towel for this
because you know mind's gone Brown
because I've you know done so much
Eiling it see it's literally scorched it
and also these stains are the sap from
the leaves and the flowers as well so
just used a really old one this is one
that you can see that I use for crafting
it's got ink and all thoughts all over
it but look at the mess that the flowers
have have made and all you aren't need
to do is I popped a wooden board flat
board on my ironing board then put my
and my cloth on top my tea towel on top
then I doubled over a piece of the wax
paper and sandwiched my leaves that all
my flowers are in between so there we go
created a sandwich like like that so the
wax is this part here then I put the
next layer of my tea towel over the over
the top and then I underway using a hot
iron no steam so pour out your water and
turn your your steam off and you want it
on the highest possible setting and I
just ironed away and depending on the
thickness of the flowers and the leaves
they took anything between sort of two
minutes per side to maybe four or five
minutes on on each side in fact actually
to be further the first side takes a bit
longer and then you've already got some
heat
underneath anyway flip it over and then
do the other side for you know a couple
of minutes a minute or two and and
you'll just be able to tell when your
flowers are dried because you know you
just won't have any of the water you can
see when they're still quite done
because you can you can just steep see
the the water pooling on the top of the
the leaves or the flowers they still
look damp so I just hope that you know
that's giving you some of you an idea as
to how you can dry flowers quickly if
you are impatient like like me and as I
say I've got a couple of ideas of things
that we can do with these so I'll be
putting my thinking cap on and you know
and putting a video together very very
soon so I just hope you like that idea
and hope that maybe some of you will
will give it a try and anyway if you
like that I would as always appreciate
it if you would give me a thumbs up and
let me know what you think of this idea
in the comments below see y'all again
soon
you