hi I'm Miranda Valentine editor of the
lifestyle blog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm going to show
you how to clean broccoli um so the
tools that you'll need are very simple I
just have my CER here or strainer works
the same way same thing um and then I
have my whole broccoli that I want to
wash so I'm just going to head over to
the sink right now cuz that's where
we're going to do our washing um and
I'll show you the next step okay so just
turn on your cold water and if you have
a spraying attachment I definitely
recommend using that because we really
want to get in between the crown so this
is the crown of the broccoli the
broccoli head and you see we have all
these little little guys so just want to
pull apart pull apart another way to do
that is to you know go from underneath
and just make sure that you're getting
all in
between just so any dirt in there is
cleaned out definitely don't want dirt
in our dish okay so that's good I'm just
going to give it a few shakes now when I
wash my broccoli I like to you know keep
this the stem on so that I can use it
really to kind of shake it around and
Shake it off Shake any excess water and
then I'm also just going to pull these
little stems just these little guys with
the leaves off going to do that here as
well just pull that off leave that in
the
sink
okay
beautiful beautiful okay now let's head
back over to our
workstation okay so I have my washed
broccoli here and I've already you know
shaken it um over the sink to get you
know as much excess water as I could off
but I'm just going to like Pat it down
now a little bit too um I don't want it
to get like soggy especially if I'm not
going to cook with it right away and
going to put it back in um the
refrigerator and if you do that I
definitely recommend um keeping like a
paper towel wrapped around it perhaps in
a Ziploc bag and that'll help to um
absorb any excess moisture so you don't
have soggy broccoli and there you go
that's how you clean
broccoli thanks for watching make sure
to subscribe and if there's something
that you want to learn how to make send
me an email at request mahalo.com and
don't forget to check out our other
great videos
[Music]