so that's it and that's what the candles
look
like okay so for this project you're
going to be need needing a candle um for
the project you're going to be needing a
candle for like each word you'll
understand what I'm saying but basically
I recommend small little candles like
these but since I don't have enough of
those I'm just going to use a tall one
and those do work by the way you're
going to be needing some glue um I don't
have I can't find my stick glue or my
liquid glue so I'm just going to use a
spray glue also glitter of your choice
you can use different colors and
something to draw with not like not like
a pencil or anything just something to
like like carve something in it like an
end of something you know so let's get
started okay so I ended up having no
more spray glue so if you have hard glue
like I used it all you have to do is put
it in the microwave for less than 5
seconds but do it in Parts because then
the plastic is going to start to melt
and what this does it makes the glue
more so now I have more glue so
basically you're going to take your
candle and you're going to start putting
the glue on the front part of it if you
had little individual candles one for
each word for example your name you're
just going to put it on one side you
don't have to do it all around just on
one
side so basically taking the glue see
now I have more and this is not how much
I had before you're going to use that
you might want to take a paintbrush or
something to kind of smooth it out a
little bit so you guys pretty much get
the point and the idea this is just so
the glitter sticks so you can use any
type of glue that you have this is what
I had I couldn't find my stick glue GL
and I didn't have any regular Elmer's
Glue cuz I used it all for all my other
projects so yeah you guys kind of get
the idea just kind of put it all along
until you have all the glue ah so as you
can see I have my first layer of purple
done and then you're going to choose
your second color okay so let me move
you guys a little closer my next color
is going to be
gold so basically you're just going to
want to do the same exact method by
putting the glitter right on top of the
glue um put as much as you like I'm
going to put it so it looks like that
and now for my next color so so as you
can see I try to keep the pink and the
purple separately cuz they're kind of
the similar color but then underneath
the yellow I'm going to put some
pink um my word is going to be a
four-letter word so you're going to put
as much glitter as you have for the
words but if you don't that's fine so as
you can see I got the pink there and
then my last color is going to be purple
you could do different patterns use
different colors however you like this
is totally up to you and if you put a
little bit too much all you have to do
is kind of take the glue and kind of
separate
it and then you get for the last part
just you know sprinkle on that last
glitter that you have and voila look at
your candle but we're not done yet you
could leave it like this but or you can
leave it for the next step so now you're
going to choose your word once again you
have to choose it for the amount of
glitter you have so for me I'm going to
be choosing a four-letter word or you
could just do multiple words on one
color however you like so I'm going to
be choosing my word which is love so
you're going to take the end of anything
and kind of carve in that word sorry if
you hear my brother or something he's
playing video games but um you're going
to carve in that word and you're going
to let it dry like
that o wow so as you can see I'm going
to be doing
love and because my um blue is a little
small I'm going to be carving it into
the pink a little
bit and there we go look how adorable
that looks so for this one I'm going to
be doing the same exact method by the
way if you're wondering where I got this
candle from I got this candle at the
dollar store for a dollar but I had used
all my money for something else that I
would couldn't be wasn't able to buy
more candles but I figured that it was
fine that I could use something else and
I ended up using something else and if
you don't have a candles you can just
make a one letter A on letter word or
initial using your initials or maybe a
letter of someone this could be a
perfect little gift and it's just
amazing all right so this one's going to
be all pink you're going to take that
same exact method pour in all that
beautiful glitter that you got going on
there don't be afraid don't be shy it's
always better to give and look how
pretty that looks but we're not done yet
so for the individual candle once you
got that drying you're going to take the
end of a paintbrush or something like
that and you're going to carve in the
letter that you want I'm going to be
doing my letter
G take your time on this part cuz you
don't want it to get messed up you can
always fix it up at the end and it looks
like that how cute does that look so
that's it and that's what the candles
look like