PIPA what's up Internet so I've got an
RV and there's some plastics in the RVs
that are like yellowing because age and
I found out a way to turn them white
without having to paint them check it
out okay so I'm considering doing a
review for this crest whitening stuff
for your teeth
and I noticed one of the main
ingredients is hydrogen peroxide and
ultraviolet light hmm and then I also
subscribe to this channel called the
8-bit guy used to be the iBook guy and
he does restoration with these old
computers and turns them from yellow to
white and so essentially this is the
same thing just do with the RV stuff so
I'm going to show you so what you can do
is get hydrogen peroxide and some sort
of a container to put the plastics in
and you remove the plastics then you put
hydrogen peroxide in it I've got like a
bag here I don't put enough in initially
that's kind of pathetic that's kind of
silly really just a little pool at the
bottom there and put it in the sunlight
but then I put a whole lot more in and
left it in my backyard for like couple
days it should only take like a half a
day if you're doing it right this
plastic wants to float as well but let
it soak in there and also get some
sunlight and then you're good look at
that we're going to add I also do the
button at the inside of the thing got
whiter go figure
putting the thing back together here you
can say and boom quick go on get it done
and if you want to see this again hey
subscribe because I'm going to do this
rack it isn't very yellow I'm looking at
it right now in the RV it's like the
intake for my AC unit super yellow going
to do that one within the next couple
weeks and or if it's been weeks and I've
already posted the video the link will
be in the I in the corner of the screen
yeah I hope that helped thanks for
watching see you later Internet