hi I'm Patty from ascamppatty.com you're
about to view a video today that will
show you professional products and
solutions for your everyday cleaning
problems my goal is to dramatically cut
your cleaning time so that you will have
more time for the things that you love
see you at the end of the video
hey I'm rich from ask and patty.com and
today what we're going to do is show you
how to get coffee out of the carpet
coffee around the coffee machine in a
commercial building there's always
coffee stains and you know what I got to
believe at home I know at my house
occasionally
we spill coffee on the carpet and
there's a way to get it out with any
type of carpet spotting that we're going
to do one of the things I'm going to
always recommend and it's for safety is
test the carpet for color fastness which
means that you're going to use a little
bit of this chemical you're going to go
to an inconspicuous area and you're
going to make sure that there's no color
transfer if there's color transfer don't
use the product and if you read the back
of the label which we recommend on any
product you buy it's always going to
tell you to check for color fastness
second of all when you spot carpet you
want to contain the stain so you don't
just squirt the chemical in the carpet
because what will happen is the chemical
will make the stain release and it'll
run to the backing and you want to push
the stain to the center and you want to
have a white absorbent tile ready and
and ready to go so that when that stain
does release from the carpet fibers
we're going to pull it out of the carpet
and that's how you spot carpet product
we're going to use today is a tannin
stain remover and it's designed to
remove coffee Cola tea things like that
it even works very well in red wine so
if you're ready so am I let's get the
stain out of the carpet okay if you're
ready to go here's how we're going to do
it we're going to apply the product here
to the stain
we're going to make sure we get enough
on there and then I'm going to use my
trusty spoon
like I said I want to contain the spot
so I want to work the chemical in and I
want to push it to the middle and I
don't know if you can see this on camera
but it's already starting to release
so like I told you you got to be ready
you have your white towel and what I
want you to do is put pressure on the
stain because what we're trying to do is
draw the stain out of the carpet you can
see on the white tile it's coming out
we're going to rotate the white towel
okay so we don't want to release it back
in there we're going to continue to push
put as much pressure as you can on the
carpet and you can even stand on the
carpet if it's a big spot in your living
room rug you can put pressure with your
feet on it we've gotten the last of the
stain out and we can fluff up the fiber
a little bit you can see the stain was
removed
pretty easy when you got the right
product
hi and Patty again I hope you found the
video informative and if you're
interested in buying the products today
you can go to
www.cleaningsolutionsuperstore.com I'll
be happy to send you anything you order
and it's guaranteed thanks for watching
the video