[Music]
hi guys it's Lynne here hope you're
having an incredible day
now guys this is just a quick video to
talk about the white fuzzy mold that you
often see or sometimes see on your
plants and the reason why I'm doing this
video is because I've had so many I've
had a few people contact me saying about
this white fuzzy fungus on my plants and
help of it's a plant gonna die and all
the sudden it all this panic now what I
want you to know is I'm showing you this
plant here because this is one we have
in the in our window here and it's
actually a Collier's plants and it is
kept
we simply lightly moist throughout the
winter and obviously be treated
differently to our cacti and succulents
but he has this why we notice he see the
past couple days this white fuzzy mold
all over the top of the soil now I've
been growing plants and Hansie also for
a long long long time since I was about
8 years old I'm not young guys and I've
grown a majority different types of
plants and I've come across this fungus
so many times so when I see this on the
plant soil I don't panic whatsoever
because he's totally harmless guys and
the reason I make this video is is to
let you know that there's a lot of stuff
on the internet and books that will make
you panic because you probably think oh
my god my plants cover with all this
white mold the plants gonna die no it's
not this is actual fungus and it's a sub
prophetic fungus um with open eyes see
right I'm gonna put there the name
underneath and it is quite a harmless
fungus that lives naturally in soils and
it tends to take a bit of a white hue on
top of the soil when the soil is a
little bit damper than what it should be
now the only warning sign with this mold
is that it's telling you if you have
this happen that ideally your soil is
kept damper than what it should be as in
this case this coleus we keep lightly
more lightly watered and it's in AB a
bright window as you can see there
no the bus going past a lovely bright
window so he's definitely not like a
light but as I say I've had these fungus
on even the cacti circling sometimes
during the summer and the spring when
they are watered regularly and I've
never ever ever lost the plant to these
so why you might read online about it
being dangerous and your plants are
gonna die and you have to get rid of it
quick and you have to get this fungicide
and everything it's total rubbish guys
and you often find that the articles
online that are suggesting these are
usually trying to sell their fungicide
so really don't panic all you need to do
because it's not the most attractive
looking and obviously it looks like it's
covered in snow
it's just gently scrape it off as in
this case it comes off so easy and it's
just a little warning sign just to cut
back on your watering now obviously
we've been keeping this plant puppy
ideal a little bit too damp or the last
water probably kept a big damper then he
showed off how to see if he's where the
way there's been a little bit call and
he's probably not dried off quickly that
it should and then dark obviously fungus
that's already present in the soil will
form on the top a little bit of a white
hue but just guys just brush it off and
just cut down on the watering so your
plant gets dry a little bit in between
waterings and it will go and let you
know it is really harmless just the only
harmful thing that possibly could be is
it's an indication you might be over
watering but as I say it comes off
really easy like this that's all you
have to do it just brush it off and I've
experienced this fungus so many times
over the years with a majority of hugely
different type of plants I've been
growing and I can assure you I've never
lost a single plant to it now bear in
mind that this type of fungus on the
soil that is harmless is very different
to the type of fungus you might get on
your plants on the upper stems now if
you find you get in white fungus or
growing on the top then it could be
detrimental it's a completely different
thing altogether to this the soil fungus
oh gosh if you do have this it has to be
treated and do get a fungicide to treat
the upper part your plants should you
notice this green or even white fungal
spores growing all over it it's a
totally different thing entirely to what
this is on the soil this is purely
soil fungus and it's a very very common
so common you offer seeds I mean I
usually get it on the summer even in the
greenhouse where last year I was always
scraping it off and as I say never lost
a single plant I mean going plants now
for gosh well over 30 33 years and 30 36
years 36 38 years in fact as a same when
I was 8 and I've never once lost a plant
to this I just scrape it off and just
cut back on the watering and that's it
then guys and I just wanted to let you
know that because I don't want you're
panicking and it's common during the
winter time with plants usually down to
the the cooler temperatures and
obviously the lack of bright sunlight
and sometimes your plants will be maybe
kept a little bit drier so a little bit
damper than ideal at this time of year
but as I say no problem and this call
yes this time of year we grows all these
new leaves come the spring and I hope
you found that useful guys so basically
the best tip I can give you if you've
got the white white um film of fungus on
your soil do you scrape it off and just
cut back on the water inlet there let
the soil in the pot dry out a little bit
more in between waterings and it will go
on its own accord but don't panic
nothing to worry about and you don't
need to go out and get some drastic
strong fungicide this is normal and not
anything to worry about and again it can
happen in any type of plants whether
it's your house plants or your cacti or
succulents or any other things you're
growing and it can happen on indoor and
outdoor plants too so guys i want to
send you loads of love heaps a happiness
and tons and tons of plant power as
always from island until the next video
guys bye
[Music]
[Music]