hey Steve Taylor do a review for the
aqua source oil bronzed for whole
kitchen faucets it just go over a little
bit of things with it here I had a
single one that broke and I needed to
replace it so because it was a single
faucet and not the separate controllers
I had to also buy a couple cables this
is 3/8 compression on one side and half
inch on the other so just make sure that
if you're ordering ordering this and
you're going from a single faucet to a
double faucet you need these cables
these are 20 inch ones you'll have to
measure it to know which one you had the
original one had this on the end and
that's not going to fit this so just be
aware that at first seems to be very
well made this is a tinny material this
is a nice metal same with these inside I
can see that the the valves in the is
all plastic which is typical I don't
know yet if they squeak we'll find out
after we install it nice brass here this
is for the washer hose it just pops on
here you don't have to screw it or
anything and pops on and then you can
squeeze that and pull it off if you need
to it's got two two washers on here so
I'm hoping that doesn't leak you have
plastic connectors to hook this on of
course I told you already that I've
picked up some hoses they go here this
is half-inch and then this is nice and
tall we've got a screen on here for a
nice smooth flow got in full
instructions with pictures and all
perfectly done I read through them and
I've done this before so I didn't really
need to but what web read through them
and they're good they're in English and
in French this is the washer this is
plastic actually it pushes in the top
here and the hose is a braided rubbery
type hose and this is the connector that
just pops on and then you squeeze it
here to pop it off of course it's way up
under the sink so that's always easier
said than done and this is the
attachment for this that you put in
first and it's all
you know plastic this is plastic so all
of this whole thing here is plastic so
anyway I'm gonna put you on pause and
see how long this takes
right now it is 903 and I've got the
tools out which you don't really need
much of anything took what forever to
get the other one out but this shouldn't
take long so I'll be right back
well it's a twelve minutes after nine so
it took me what is that what was at 9:03
I forgot now so it took me until nine
twelve so it took me nine minutes I
didn't rush the fittings all fit
together real well this turns this is
nice and high so you get plenty er room
above the sink I'm not gonna show you my
sink because there's dishes in it
because we didn't have a faucet for the
day this comes out here this has not
been used yes Oh see see if we get some
water a little close to this but it's
it's not even it's about a quarter of an
inch away from here just something I
have to get used to I guess so
that's a maybe a design of the sink I
don't know that's where the hole is
anyway so keep that in mind and it
doesn't squeak or anything as I said but
it looked like the pit fittings and they
were plastic and Stovall brass like they
used to be so keep that in mind I don't
know that for sure
but you know these are ten this week we
got some ones that for the bathroom that
we change and upgraded and after about
six months I started squeaking this is a
real pain in the neck it doesn't have a
good solid feel to it so anyway
hopefully this was helpful to you I'm
Steve Taylor and this is amazon.com