hi it's Lisa again with essential life
Naturals another quick video using some
essential oils today I'm making bug
spray and I also mean I'm now making
some candles to keep the bugs away so in
my previous video I've got a really
simple and easy recipe for bug spray
which is all-natural very safe and even
safe to use on your children and this is
a really quick and easy recipe for
making your own sort candles using
essential oils to keep the bugs away not
only are they nice to use on your patio
or outside or if you're camping but it's
a really nice gift to give to somebody
and it's really easy and it's homemade
which is really fun so starting with soy
wax you can buy soy wax on the Internet
you can even buy it at craft stores
Michaels so it usually comes and you can
get it in these flakes which is just it
just melts easier so it's soy wax in a
in flakes and then also buy yourself
some candle wicks and what I did was I
bought some of these little blue dots
and I attached the glue dot to the
bottom of the wick and then stuck it in
the bottom of my jar and I've got a
couple of different jars here that you
can see I've got two little kind of ball
piano jars and then I have one little
tin so you can use teacups you can use
or jelly jars really whatever you want
to use that you think is cute so it's a
good way to reuse some old jars and
things like that that you just weren't
going to do anything with so and if you
want to get fancy can wrap ribbons
around them afterwards or chalkboard
labels or you know whatever you want to
do and be creative and then so what I
did is I took my wax and generally one
pound of wax melts down to be about 20
ounces of melted wax so you kind of have
to figure out with your containers how
many ounces of liquid you would need and
and then do the math on that so and you
can go on the internet there's little
charts and things that you can get that
tell you
if you have this big of a container how
much wax you want amount to be honest
with you I usually just kind of eyeball
it and if I need more I you know add
more and if I have extra left over I let
it harden and then I can use it later in
a candle so um and what I did was I took
I have a old box of crayons here my kids
they're big now and they you don't use
the crayons anymore so I just found a
color that I thought was kind of
outdoorsy looking it's kind of a funky
little green color and it peeled it and
I just dumped it in my wax here so this
is my well tonight melted wax and it's
over a double boiler and just want to
slowly mount it it's really not too
dangerous like paraffin can start and
fire and it's really kind of scary to
work with but Starbucks is really very
safe and lists you know you from
yourself so don't do that so I I
measured out my wax I scale and before I
measured it I actually put my container
that I was gonna measure 8 on the scale
and I zeroed it out and then that way I
know I'm starting at zero and I measured
out about I did like 12 ounces today and
then I've gone ahead and I melted on the
stove over the double boiler my soy wax
I've added my crayon in there and keep
in mind that when you add a color to the
wax it's generally a lot darker than
it's gonna be when it hardens up so it
might look a little dark too at first
but always kind of err on a little bit
darker side because then you'll actually
have some color in your candle when
you're done and then what you want to do
is make sure that it's cooled down
enough so you don't want it to start to
set up on the sides but you don't want
any boiling temperature either when
you're for it because sometimes it can
just take really a long time and also to
set and then also when you add your
fragrances to it and I'm using pure
essential oils you don't want it steamy
because then it's going to carry all of
this scent of that essential oil
it's not gonna be good so what I'm using
is citronella which is obviously
something that people have been buying
you know citronella candles forever to
put on their ducks and it's really kind
of a nice it's almost like a eucalyptus
kind of a lemony smell and buds don't
like it so I'm gonna use this in all the
three candles that I've got here and I'm
gonna use probably about 10 to 12 drops
per candle so I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to put about 30 drops in there
okay there's ten it's kind of slow talk
amongst yourselves
there's twenty okay and thirty and a
couple for good measure okay now I
always I always think it's best to use
essential oils because they're natural
you don't want to be breathing in toxic
chemicals that are often used in
synthetic fragrances number one and
number two since we're using this as a
bug repellent we actually want to use
something that in nature for those
gloves and essential oils come from the
they're almost like the blood of the
plant they're the essential oils that
keep plants alive they keep them from
getting diseases they repel animals and
insects and so when those oils are
extracted from the plant they do the
same thing for us so I'm using
citronella but there's a lot of
different recipes you could even use the
recipe that I gave you for bug spray
which smells really nice in your candle
as well as so once you have it all
stirred in and I want to probably give
it a good you know 20 or 30 stirs then
you're just about ready to pour your wax
and what I did is I actually put my
glass jars of my little tin in the oven
on warm with my wick stuck down there
you can see I've got a little wick and I
stuck it down with a little glue dot on
the bottom and then what I did is I I
kind of wrapped the wick around a candle
you could use a chopstick and there's
actually a little wick holders but no
reason to buy it if you you can use a
little pencil like this and what I did
is I kept these in the oven at warm so
that the glass is actually a little bit
warm so you hate to pour really how wax
into a cold glass vessel and have a
shower shatter that's not good so we're
ready for them
I said it's just super easy so I'm going
to take it off the double boiler and I'm
gonna wipe any water off so it doesn't
drip into my little vessels here but
then in the stove and I'm just gonna
gently pour down the side no wax and
I'll probably pour this fairly evenly
here we'll see how how well I measured
like I said it was kind of a guess and
the good thing is you know when you're
making candles um the other thing you
can remember is that you can always melt
some more and just add it on top and
then you kind of get a you know swirly
look or whatever it too is so I guess
that turned out pretty well I could have
probably used a little bit but again I
don't know why I can feel it pretty good
so I'm gonna actually keep these in the
oven overnight and let them Harden so
you don't want to get too zealous and
try to trim the wicks or anything before
their heart because it will they'll be
soft and you'll kind of smoosh the lap
so you don't wanna do that so let these
harden for about 24 hours and then you
can put your nice little lid on top put
a little gift tag if you want or label
it and a fantastic little gift so enjoy
and keep the bugs away and have a happy
summer god bless