[Music]
are your old measuring cups ready for
retirement introducing the essential
utensil 13 piece measuring cup and spoon
complete set the heavy-duty stainless
steel measuring cups are stackable and
dishwasher safe plus the six narrow
spoons fit nicely into spice jars this
set is an ideal gift for professional
and home chefs plus should never need
replacing expertly manufactured from
high-grade stainless steel with polished
finish the extra thick metal and the
cups ensures they won't bend or break
both Imperial and metric measurements
are stamped on every piece which
eliminates measuring mistakes the full
13 piece set includes 7 cups from 1/8
cup to a cup and 6 spoons from 1/8 to 1
tablespoon easy to read engraved
markings won't fade sure to please every
chef from the amateur to the
professional 100% satisfaction
guaranteed purchase today from Amazon
links below