hello there i am reviewing
the british short hair cat after three
years of
having one so this is basil you probably
know him from the videos
basil is three years old he was born in
march
2015. and it's now august 2018. so we
got him in about may 2015.
we paid a thousand dollars for basil
plus um shipping and
for a cat carrier that he came with he
came from a tasmanian breeder called
cromwell cats cromwell british
shorehairs
so what do you need to know about
british shore as well their lifespan
their median life span is 12 and a half
years for a british shorthair cat
they're of a stouter breed and like with
dogs you'll find the stouter more sort
of large breeds of cat will live a
little bit less they've got more body to
maintain i guess
and basil's got body don't you basil oh
yeah
so as a kitten they come
as every other cat very small they don't
start as giant fat kittens or anything
like that
they have really really cute little
woolly coats so you don't have quite as
much thick hair on them as you do once
they get to this age
you notice about pretty sure here the
two main features are they're really
cool nice bluish kind of gray color and
they're very nice orange colored eyes so
real nice
of quite striking feature on the eyes of
the british shore here
and with this catalyst is the
temperament crazy calm very very easy
going temperament on the british shore
here
so um the coat of the british shore here
is moderately
dense so this is a sort of coat that you
will have to brush and maintain and it
will leave
gray blue tumbleweeds all around the
house we suggest or i suggest getting a
some kind of robot vacuum cleaner just
to maintain it so it doesn't build up
you'll find that building up around your
table legs and stuff
if you don't take any sort of consistent
action against it it really does sort of
start to become a bit of a wild wild
west of blue tumbleweeds in your house
the overall size of a british shore here
they are one of the larger cat breeds so
basil is a pretty large example he's a
male british and he weighs 9 kilos at
the moment so 9 kilos is right at the
upper healthy weight range of the
british for a male i know he looks
enormously obese but this isn't actually
all
fat he's actually got quite a bit of
loose skin on him still and he's still a
fairly muscular cat whilst being
probably slightly overweight but not
hugely he's he's a large cat he's long
and he's broad around his chest and he
is quite muscular and physically able
you would be surprised he can still jump
up to high surfaces and chase his friend
lemon all around
so yes he is a large cat and his size is
large and his weight is just tipping
over so i weigh myself i'm 91 kilos when
i jump in the scales with basil here's
uh we brought we are both 100 kilos and
then just for reference when i jump on
the scales with ada uh we're 115. so ada
is a 25 kilogram siberian husky versus a
nine kilogram british shorthair kitty
um
the food we give basil the same thing
every day he eats a dry food called
grain free we found that lots of the
other cereal-based cat foods the ones
full of grains give them weird poos in
the um litter tray uh he came litter
trained and any sort of small things i
think there might have been a couple of
straight aways at the start but they
just got ironed out as he got used to
the place
so yeah the temperament of the british
shaw here or this cat anyway is the main
reason why i would really strongly
recommend getting one this is an
incredibly easy going cat so you think
we've got two little kids and he
absolutely loves the two little kids he
seems to have a particular affinity with
our daughter um you'll find him often on
her bed at about bedtime he knows when
bedtime is and he'll make his way in
there or he'll be waiting there for her
and want to curl up with her
right up in her face often on her pillow
or he'll get in
our sons and give him an extra bit of
cleaning after his
bath or shower he likes licking their
hair too so really really easy going cat
has a real sort of active interest in
all of us he loves being where we are in
roughly the same room and yeah
most cats even for this video you
couldn't just man handle and manage he's
actually on his tail sort of he's on
alert mode but he's not hating this he's
not fighting me in any way very very
easy going cat and that even extends to
with strangers there's probably about a
day or so of an adjustment period and
then even with strangers he'll become
interested i didn't want to come and sit
up next to you or sit with you and
just overall is a very friendly very
sort of interested very much a family
cat most cats we've had in the past are
sort of of that and even his friend
lemon who lives with us too more much
more cat-liking that they're somewhat
interested but will generally go to run
away if you go to pick them up or pat
them if they're not in the mood whereas
basil was always keen on a beard of
contact yeah pretty happy happy to be
here
um see we've got cedric canada outside
he's really interested in them too he
loves going out and just sniffing around
with them and having a quick little um
you know little play with them because
basil is an entirely indoor cat and i'd
recommend if you ever get
a pricey or a breed specific cat you'd
want to be keeping it inside because it
means you have to do less vaccination
and less health stuff because really
they're in a bubble like they are in a
microcosm um you know unless people come
from other houses with weird you know
with really sick cats it's fun we've
never had a health issue in the three
years with him and in the about five
years we've had lemons so there you go
in terms of being active he's actually a
fairly active cat once the sun goes down
he's quite nocturnal like he runs up and
down the house when he's not in with one
of the kids he tears up and down the
hallway if it's like a long house so you
hear him all night just puttering back
and forth
him hyman is platonic
life mate lemon chase each other around
keep each other pretty entertained and
pretty exercise so we've never really
had the need to put a run in if he was a
really high energy cat like a bengal or
something we'd probably need to be doing
a bit more but he certainly seems happy
enough just cruising around the house
so yeah um we think about thinking about
you know some people say i'd never spend
that much money on a cat i just figure
even if basil makes this full 12 and a
half years might be a bit longer might
be a little bit less you're still only
looking at 100 bucks a year to have a
really really nice proper
animal in your house that's
enjoys being there i mean most cats and
i mean maybe you get a different
personality on your british shorehand
but most cats are sort of somewhat
interested at best but basil actually
seems to like being around us he's not
always nagging us for food he does
things that are um
you know pro-human without being linked
with getting food or food rewards so
just very very um happy to be here and
we're very happy to have him so strongly
recommend a british short hair for your
next cat um providing you've got you
know a bit of patience for some hair
clean up and uh a lot of um i guess a
bit of time to give them as well because
when he hasn't been patted for a while
or when he'd rather be in with one of
the kids he does seem to wonder about
the house crying for her company so it
may be best if you're going to have a
british shorehead have at least some
other companion animal forum too
okay so that'll be the review of basil
the british shaw here after three years
hope you've enjoyed and we'll see you
all in the next video
and he's done
so
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
do
[Music]
[Applause]
do
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you