hi guys okay so it finally happened
I finally got me an air fryer so today
on Davidson cook we are going to put
southern fried chicken to the airfryer
test let's go okay first we're gonna
start with a lot of different spices
this spice mixture is gonna go in our
chicken and in our flour so yeah it's
kind of a lot I'm gonna sprinkle some of
this spice generously over my chicken
just like that and you can add in a
little bit of olive oil to kind of get
those spices evenly distribute it but
don't be scared up and then you gotta
really really adding a lot of spice to
kind of get it all seasoned and tasting
YUM
that's done now I'm gonna get my little
ziplock back you can use a paper bag
your Oh school I'm gonna add my flour
into the bag next we're gonna add in
some corn starch just like the orange
and then we want to add in enough of the
seasoning just to get the flour taste
and good I dumped it all in there I like
my chicken spicy and a little bit salty
so yeah taste the flour make sure it
tastes good because this is what your
chicken tastes like okay make sure it's
nice and seasoned okay that is perfect
she own ok bony girl stop shaking up
okay now we're going to our egg mixture
I have my eggs I'm gonna dump them into
my little container 2 eggs
room-temperature okay a little bit of
hot sauce because I like it spicy and
now comes our buttermilk you can also
use whole milk if you don't have any
buttermilk on hand and then we're gonna
add in a little bit of water dump it in
okay so now you want to whisk this
around until it's like even in color so
whisk it really really good and make
sure that you really break up the egg
yolk okay yeah that's good okay so now
we're going to go ahead and coat our
chicken we're gonna take it out of the
bowl drop it right into that bag of
flour and then you just shake it shake
it just like okay we're going for a nice
light coating of flour then place it on
the tray we're gonna let this sit and
let that flour kind of absorb a little
bit and then after that we're gonna put
it in that egg mixture just go ahead and
just toss it around you get a nice even
coating of egg make sure you let that
excess drip off we don't want like a
thick layer of flour a thick layer of
egg
very light so shake off that excess and
then put it back into that bag of flour
and now we're just gonna shake it around
again and get another very light coating
of flour and that's it you got to do
that with all other chicken pieces and
then you're gonna let them sit for about
15 minutes just until some of that flour
absorbs into the skin and become one and
then you are going to spray it lightly
with olive oil you can also you know
brush on a thin layer of olive oil make
sure you get the front and back cover
this thing very lightly and olive oil
don't skip this step because it'll be
nasty and straight up flowery I can't no
no ma'am
alright so now I'm gonna open up my air
fryer I'm gonna place my chicken in
there I was able to get three pieces
because you don't want to crowd them you
want air to be able to flow all around
the chicken to get it nice and crisp so
yeah three went in mad we're gonna close
it up I cook this on 350 for about 15 to
22 minutes you want to flip it and brush
it with more oil halfway through don't
skip that step okay and when that timer
goes off you will have this crispy
crunchy southern fried chicken I was
very impressed it was so clean and mess
free no all popping but I'm gonna know
what do you make in your air fryer
because I've only done like chicken
potatoes burgers vegetables I want to
start baking it because I hear you can
bake in the airfryer so let me know in
the comments if you have an air fryer
what do you make in your air fryer but
yes this chicken was really really good
there's the inside all juicy and stuff
that's it I hope you guys enjoy this
video don't forget to subscribe and hit
that notification bell so you will know
when I post new videos later