hey guys it's up it's even um it's been
an incredibly long time since I made a
video I figured it was about time
especially since I've been into sewing
things lately and stuff so I guess I
kind of have something to make a video
about now and I'm sitting on a tiny
little stool okay so I decided you know
I was at a garage sale whatever and I
was like oh cool she got this like
rainbow jacket that I found you know I
was like yeah ten bucks right on but um
it's the NASCAR jacket no because it has
like the pot and stuff and Jeff Gordon
or whatever so I was like I really don't
like NASCAR so I just I figured oh yeah
you know there's all these like
embroidered things on it and stuff and
so I was just like yeah just pick those
out a problem you know I got sharp
things I can I can pick it out no
problem uh little did I know that would
be a humongous pain in my ass so I guess
I will tell you how I've been doing it
so that if you ever need to pick out
things that have been embroidered into
things such as jackets or whatever then
you can pick them out yourself step one
if you can just cover it up with a patch
do it this jacket it was like there's a
bridges stuff on the front you know like
embroidered but on the inside there's a
lining so it's like I couldn't just go
into the back and like pick it out
that's almost jackets are they have
linings and stuff I guess no I know most
jackets have linings I was like how am I
gonna get to the back and pick it out
and stuff well what you do is you when
you go into the lining you you make a
hole in the lining
like let me find where my hole is not
that ol and there's usually like a seam
what you do is you pick out a hole in
the seam and like with a seam ripper
like these things are so handy and I
mean I guess you could just use like a
small knife or whatever you gotta be
careful you don't cut cut the fabric but
this just makes stuff easier so you make
a hole in the seam so that you can go in
and like here see I've been I've been
picking out this one yeah I only got
partway through the end and DuPont it's
crazy and you pull it out of the hole
like that see there's there's the other
side of it so basically what I've been
doing is I go on the inside first and
just like rip the out of it like
not like the fabric
but like the thread like this isn't a
very good camera it's just on my laptop
but see you just there's just a couple
of threads I just ripped through and
like I do that a bunch of times or
whatever and then I flip it back to the
other side then if you see just pick out
like one of the threads or whatever like
that and usually you can pull it out
pretty good like area see ya it just
likes rips through really nicely and it
helps it go faster cuz like there was a
while where I was just like tearing away
at it on both sides and like picking at
it with my fingers and it takes a little
longer but if you do it this way it'll
like go way faster see like wow well
that was really long actually that's how
you pick up embroidered
stuff um I'll probably I'll probably do
a couple of videos where like one is
about different stitch styles and stuff
a wonderful movie like I'll show you how
to close up the hole that you made in
the jacket I mean unless you don't care
about it just you know looking I want to
say sloppy but just you know if you're
going for more than like the Tillet
Aryan route as opposed to like making it
look nice and finished or whatever then
that's fine but I'll be doing a video
about stitches and then I'll probably do
another video about like all the stuff
that I've DIY do you know cuz I've seen
like a lot of videos about people
showing their jackets and like just
other things that they've made or
customized themselves I was like there's
a couple of things that I've done
alright catch you guys later