what's going on everyone this is DOM and
today we're talking about my smart
bedroom and I dropped a video on this
almost a year ago and since then I've
moved and things have changed so let's
check out the update
[Music]
so starting out simple let's take a look
at the nightstand then here I'm actually
rocking an Amazon echo spot and this
thing is pretty cool because well it has
alexa built into it and it's very useful
for controlling a lot of these smart
devices in my house next to that I'm
rocking the Samsung fast wireless
charger along with my Galaxy S 9 and on
the side of that I have a dock for my
iPhone 10 and my Apple watch I also do
have an iPad pro sitting here in case I
don't feel like turning on the TV and I
want to browse the web or something like
that but overall I keep things pretty
minimal on my nightstand so last time
the Maine smart component of my bedroom
was the Sleep Number 360 i-10 bed with
the Flex fit three base and while I
still have that and I am loving it there
is a whole nother dimension to this
thing now lately I've been checking out
sleep numbers new dual temp individual
layer and a shout-out to them for
sending this out and sponsoring the
channel and this is literally a layer of
luxury for your bed so the dual temp
layer comes in half sizes for each side
of your bed allowing for ultimate
customisation and you're probably
wondering what the heck this thing does
right well this will actually cool or
heat each side of your bed to keep you
up to 35 percent cooler or warmer so
this is perfect for couples who disagree
on sleep temperature in the bedroom
right somebody wants it cool somebody
wants it hot somebody's throwing the
covers off you can actually use the
remote to adjust the temperature on each
side but keep in mind that each side
does come with a remote on its own and
the current system is not smartphone
controlled at the moment so that's
definitely something to think about but
the dual temp
individual layer comes in any size for
any mattress so you don't need a Sleep
Number bed to use it it comes in a twin
size all the way up through a California
king you can put it on any bed and get
that same comfort now it's all
controlled by this little unit that
hides underneath your bed so first off
you put the dual temp layer on your bed
as you would expect and then you take
the unit and you put it underneath your
bed and there's a hose that comes from
the layer it connects to the unit you
flip it on and you're sleeping in the
lap of luxury
so most people like to watch a little TV
or a movie or something while relaxing
in bed and for me yes that is a definite
thing and I have the 55 inch lg nano
cell TV which I showed off in a tour not
too long ago but this thing just works
great in the bedroom i watch a lot of 4k
HDR content with my 4k Apple TV that I
have hooked up to it and right above
that I'm rocking some nano leaf Aurora
light panels and these things just add a
ton of style to basically any room as
for audio and sound I have a Vizio 5.1
surround sound system which actually
includes
a sound bar that goes underneath the TV
there's a subwoofer that actually have
underneath the bed and then there are
two satellite speakers that I have on
each side of the bed so you've got that
really immersive sound for basically
anything you're watching or listening to
now of course it wouldn't be a smart
bedroom without smart lighting right and
like I said I have Philips you
everywhere it's at the bottom of the bed
I have it behind the TV on the dresser I
also have it in the ceiling fan for the
light bulbs and I can control everything
with my Amazon echo spot and I also do
have a nice little Philips hue switch
that actually retrofits to any wall you
don't have to wire it in you just stick
it to your wall and you program the
remote via a home kit or the Philips you
app and you can use it to control any
light in any room that you have it in or
any other room for that matter I really
do like this switch because you don't
have to go changing anything in your
existing home to be able to use it and
overall just having that smart lighting
in the bedroom is ultra cool all in all
I like to keep the bedroom clean and
simple and while there is a lot of
Technology in there it's actually masked
pretty well and it doesn't look like
there's a whole bunch of stuff all over
the place which I'm a big fan of but let
me know what your favorite tech is in my
bedroom in the comments section below
and be sure to leave this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and also subscribe
for more videos like this in the future
thank you so much for watching everyone
this is DOM and I'll catch you in the
next video