hey guys and welcome back to the channel
i'm stellara and in our last video we
had planted some new plant babies from
seeds and it's been about a week and
they are ready to transplant so i
thought i would share a video with you
guys on how to transplant seeds let's
get
started so these guys may look familiar
these are our zucchini plants from the
last video and we know that we are ready
to transplant them because as you see
here we got the roots sticking all out
of that growing medium pod so this peat
pod doesn't have a whole lot of
nutrition for the plants and they've
used up most of what was in the seed so
it's time to transplant so the first
thing we want to do to get them ready is
add a little warm water to the tray and
just let them soak up that warm water
for a couple of minutes this will help
protect the roots from drying out during
planting then take whatever kind of tray
you want to transplant your pot into
maybe like four inches deep
and now we are ready for our potting mix
so before we get into that let's talk
for a second about preparing our potting
mix so you can use mix that you use
outside but there might be bacteria or
possibly bugs in it depending on how
long it's been outside and we want to
take care of that so it doesn't harm our
babies so go ahead and take your soil
and moisten it just a little bit
then place your lid on and leave one
side open for ventilation if you don't
have a lid for your container you can go
ahead and just use saran wrap and poke
some holes but place that in your
microwave and heat it for about 30
seconds per pound just to get the dirt
you know nice and warm to kill any
bacteria that's in there
when it's all done take it out of the
microwave and remove the lid and let
that cool down until it's room
temperature maybe just a little bit
warmer so that we don't hurt our plant
babies by using too hot of soil
but once that's nice and cooled down you
can go ahead and take your potting mix
and put just a little bit down at the
bottom of your container we don't need a
whole lot here maybe just like a third
of the way up the container maybe even
just a quarter
and now it's time to get our plant baby
ready to transplant so these peat pods
they do have this little mesh on the
outside and according to the
instructions you can leave it on however
i've found in the past that this can
sometimes restrict the root growth and
then i've had kind of um stunted growth
on my plants because of it i've even dug
them up afterwards and found entire pods
intact after a growing season so i
recommend removing the mesh from the pod
you want to be careful here because you
don't want to damage your roots your
plants are still really delicate so go
ahead and if you need to use a toothpick
and kind of help work some of the roots
free now you're going to break some of
them that's unavoidable but just be
careful work slowly and try and help the
roots out as much as you can
once the mesh is removed go ahead and
pop your pod in the pot and then cover
it with a little bit more of your
potting mix now just go ahead and tamp
down lightly on the mix here but don't
pack it too tight or the roots won't
have anywhere to go so just a little
love tap
once all of your pots have been
transplanted go ahead and reward your
plant babies for a job well done with a
nice drink of water this is going to do
two things it's going to go ahead and
compact your dirt a little bit further
and then also remove any air bubbles
that might be left around your root
system so that they don't dry out now
all that's left to do is transfer your
label onto your plant baby's new home
and then move them into a warm moist
place where you'll check on them at
least once a day to make sure they're
getting enough light and staying moist
and you'll do that until their second
set of leaves form this set of leaves is
distinctly different from the starter
leaves that you see here and looks much
closer to like the adult plant leaves
and that's how you'll know they're ready
to transfer outside
guys thank you so much for hanging out
with me while i play with my plant
babies today if you like this video and
you'd like to see more go ahead and let
me know by leaving a thumbs up also
don't forget to share your love by
sharing this video on facebook and
twitter and also hit that subscribe
button for more videos every week i will
see you guys next week and until then
goodbye