the miles craft laminate trimmer offers
a sleek and safe design that provides
you close control when trimming away
laminate expanding and veneer some
plywood applications require the use of
edge banding or veneer to hide the
visible slide on their edges the
versatile design of the tool allows you
to use it from both right and left sides
[Music]
simply run the laminate trimmer down the
protruding edge of the surface and the
standard razor blade will cleanly remove
the excess material the laminate trimmer
provides a stable shoulder to guide the
trimmer down the work after trimming
lightly sand the edge smooth and now
your edge is ready for finishing in
addition to straight edges the laminate
trimmer works well on round surfaces too
[Music]
when it's time to replace the blade
simply remove the screw blade retainer
and the old play call a new standard
razor blades reinstall the blade
retainer and the screw and you're ready
to continue
[Music]
once your project is complete simply
hang the laminate trimmer on the wall
where it will be ready for the next
project for all of your laminate edge
banding and veneer trimming needs be
sure to check out the mile staff
laminate
[Music]