hello Randy Kincaid for Kincaid country
kitchens today our project is to going
to be to show you how to make pickled
okra it's a very simple process and the
first thing I want to do is to go over
with you the things that you'll need to
do this test we're only going to make
about three pint jars of it today so i'm
going to show you about the right amount
of ingredients to get that done of
course you have to have your jars you'll
need a pot to process your jars em to
sterilize them and to do the canning
process we have a pressure cooker here
so that we can gently pressure the raw
peppers that we're going to use in there
to get that extra spice in those okras
and then we have another pot that we're
going to make our brine solution am
right here some ogres here I picked
these ogres our garden I have some fresh
dill weed I like dealing my pickled oak
trees you can use dried dill also
instead of them minced garlic canon salt
one of the most important things about
salt it doesn't matter what type of salt
you use as long as it's not ionized you
want to use plain salt and then we have
some red crushed peppers to have that
extra punch to them I already afford
three cups of water into this measuring
bowl we're going to have to that one cup
of five percent white distilled vinegar
and then of course we have to have the
there that's for the cook we're going to
have to prepare our outcome but lower
Dillingham we're going to get our pot
boiling we're going to put our jars in
the pot so that we can sterilize now you
don't need to put the Rings in there
just the lens because they come in
contact with the food the jar then
you'll need a magnet to get the lids out
after they're done okay we're going to
turn the heat up a little bit on the
jars our brine solution going the three
to one ratio of water and vinegar goes
in this pot and we're going to add our
salt to it into the pot we want to get
this heated up just enough to dissolve
that solved damn we're going to put our
garlic directly into our brine solution
it doesn't really matter how much going
to use it to your own taste but for this
batch I'm going to use a spoonful about
like that right there that'll give it
some good garlic flavor put it up a
little bit turned on we want to get our
peppers go on we'll need to put a little
bit of water on our pressure cooker just
a little bit we don't need my love to
keep them from sticking to the bottom of
the pressure cooker or peppers in there
start that up
but our weight on the pressure cooker
okay we've got all that under control
that's all going the jars are ready to
come out I use bread tongs to handle my
jars will but they do makes them very
nice one set up that you can use to lift
your jars who get in and out of that hot
water so you don't touch them we're
going to take the magnet here and get
our lives out the hot water turn them
upside down on the counter so you don't
contaminate them we're going to put a
lid on this pot just kind of keep it
from boiling out just be so that the
steam wanted back rate there were pics
are over I just put the okra in the sink
and stirred around to get any sand or
anything that might have been on it out
in the field what we want to do is we
want to cap okra but we do not want to
take the cap all the way off now
actually that part of the okra is edible
but I like to trim it down to about here
where it looks just like that right
there oh good our peppers are just about
done see the pressures on the pressure
cooker you want to be careful on these
pressure cookers if you ever never used
one before that you don't open the lid
while that pressure is on that tells you
the pressures on you can hear the
release wait they're keeping the right
amount of pressure of the steam head all
that so we pressured these new peppers
lightly now we're going to take them all
to the fire we're going to take it over
to the sack and run cold
water on and that will cool it down to
where the pressure is off of the soon
see that thing went down right there now
we can move our weight open up and voila
we have our product in there I'm going
to take home I'm going to drain off of
some of the water because I don't want
to have to deal with out it looks like
our brine solution is ready it's all hot
and cool while they're going to put the
seasonings and the jars that we're going
to use to season the okras first thing
I'm going to do is have our peppers that
we made this is fun okay Deborah fun
there we're going to put some dill weed
in there now we're going to add a little
pinch of our pickling spices just a
little bit not take much yeah some
crushed red peppers pinch maybe two
pitches the next step is to stuff our
jars with the outcome it makes a better
presentation if you can stand them up
but we these are so small they want us
we're going to put them in there
randomly a couple long as they're I'm
gonna stand them
the packet as tightly as you can okay
there we have it we have it all packed
up I'm going to go ahead and fill these
other jars and then I'll be back in just
a moment the charts are full now we're
going to put the pickling brine in we
want to put the Brian in up to about
within five eighths inch of the top of
the jar it has to have some room for
expansion our jars are full and it's
time to put the lids on one of the
important things about letting your jars
is that they be clean so you've got to
make sure that there's no material on
that rubber gasket you did see them
rubber against get the seals it and you
wipe the rim of the jar so that there's
nothing on top of the rim of the jar we
put our bands on things just snug now
our jars are ready to go into the hot
water bath I don't have to be careful
about that that's where you can really
get your fingers burned we're going to
add enough water to make sure that the
water is going to be up to the jar lids
as soon as our water gets boiling again
we're going to send our timer to 10
minutes okay it sounds like our water
starting to boil now yep there it is
we're going to the lid back on it we're
going to set the timer for exactly 10
minutes okay it's time to take our
pickles out of the pot so taking them
out of the hot water valve i'm going to
set them on the counter about an inch
apart and you let them cool now the
interesting thing when they cool you'll
hear when they cool you'll hear the lids
go pop and that means that you have a
seal whenever you get through with the
process and they're all cool down if you
can
your finger in the center of that lid
and press down on it that means that you
didn't get a good seal otherwise that
lid is going to be depressed in just a
little bit the seal is made and they'll
keep for two years that's it for Kincaid
country kitchens today happy pickled
upper making