[Music]
[Applause]
hello my creative weirdos welcome to
another DIY we are diying a big
furniture piece today I'm so excited
about this you guys because it is a
great upcycle we are going to paint a
beautiful dark color with some brass
accents and it's really easy so this is
a raw wood dresser that we got at Ikea
but you could do this with any thrift
store fine dresser or old dresser you
have lounging around your backed it's an
Ikea Hack who doesn't love an Ikea Hack
I love an Ikea
Hack that's my hack before we get to the
how to how about subscribing # mrr K1
million we are so getting so darn close
you guys so thank you so much to all the
OG subscribers out there and welcome
newbies just click that button and
welcome to the family let's get into the
DIY
dresser I'm Mr K I'm here I'll take a
look at your
for a while and you find
youry
andain oh I'm Mr Kate and here it is the
unfinished raw wood dresser and by raw
wood I just mean it's sanded nice smooth
wood this dresser comes with just little
tiny raw wood knobs but I want to do
something special with the knobs of
course so let me walk you through the
supplies you got your dresser we going
to paint it and I have this beautiful
dark blue color same color that we are
painting the walls in slaz layer if you
watch office goals you know what I'm
talking
about so after I paint it I'm not just
going to leave it a painted dresser with
just some regular old knobs oh no no
I've got cup PES that is what these are
called because they look like little cup
you put them on your your dresser or
wherever and you cup your hand
underneath to pull out the drawer so
those are beautiful kind of burnished
brass hes and then I'm going to add
another brass
element flat Corner braces basically
they are little L-shaped pieces of brass
with screw holes in them and I'm going
to use these on the corners of the
drawer to give it a kind of more like a
vintage piece and you're going to be
able to see the screws it's going to
give it a little bit bit of an
industrial Edge so that's the plan it's
pretty simple just got to now
paint this is a nice thick custard like
paint oh my gosh it's about to get all
over my nails it's okay it's okay so now
I've got my paint handy dandy in a tray
and I'm going to use one of these foam
pads to apply the paint what I love
about these is it's a nice large surface
area and you can get a really smooth
stroke over this wood green so I'm just
going to use this on all of the larger
areas and then probably go in with a
brush on the small
areas
ready so I'm going to get this entire
body of the dresser painted and then
I've also laid out all the drawers here
cuz it just makes it so much easier to
paint them when they're not inside the
dresser and then we'll let it dry and
we'll get to the Brass
[Music]
okay so we are all dry the drawers are
dry the body of the dresser is dry and
now it's time to attach our beautiful
brass accents so I have these corner
brackets that are L-shaped and they're
flat which is the key and I really like
how they're imperfect you know it has
that very industrial look in the face of
the metal I'm going to screw some bigger
holes to put these cup holes in so
there's these little areas that kind of
extend Bend past the flat plane of the
back and those want to Nestle in to the
wood so I have my drill bit here nicely
suited with a bit that's about the same
size as this area here and I'm going to
drill on either side of this pre-drilled
hole that's here cuz I want to cover
that
[Music]
up okay do I have sawas in my
hair diyers dandruff okay I've got this
cup Pole now fitted into those holes and
I'm going to secure it to the drawer
with the screws that come with the cup
hole but look at how nice that looks you
guys now let's get some of those L
brackets secured here Marky
[Music]
Mark and now it's time to take the four
little screws that come with the bracket
and I am just going to screw them into
the pre-drill
[Music]
Hol love it amazing okay so now I just
have to repeat this whole process with
the cup PS and the corner brackets to
all the drawers and I'll be
done oh my
gosh I love it so much it looks so cool
it's so industrial but Chic it's the
perfect combo I love it
[Music]
[Music]
guys that beautiful dark blue color is
just so elegant and I love those aged
brass accents obviously I'm sure you
guys can tell how versatile this project
is like you could do it on a bedside
table you could do it on whatever
dresser you have a smaller dresser a
tall dresser a high boy you know those
High boys it's just a tall dresser me I
don't know why they're called that does
anyone know someone will tell me in the
comments please comment and also thumbs
up the video and subscribe guys if you
haven't if you didn't while I was
telling you in the beginning now I'm
telling you again at the end so before
you leave just click that button thanks
so much and it was so much fun hanging
out with you and if you do this project
I would love to see so post your
pictures using #m Kate and I can bask in
your creativity thanks so much for
hanging out and I will see you next time
bye Mr
Kate a one Pi one Mark DIY I can't do
both the same time oh okay I'll do
it
hilarious I can't do