excessive weight Hazard use two or more
people to move and install refrigerator
failure to do so can result in back or
other
injury with the doors open to
approximately 90° remove the front Base
Grill by using a Phillips head
screwdriver to remove the two screws
that attach the front Base Grill to the
frame grasp both outside corners of the
Base Grill and pull toward you opening
the doors to an angle greater than 90°
will prevent the grill from coming off
close the
doors to stabilize and adjust the level
and tilt of the refrigerator you must
raise or lower the leveling feet located
on the brackets on each side of the
refrigerator with a 1/4in open-ended or
adjustable wrench each leveling foot can
be raised and lowered
independently to level and align the
doors of a side by-side refrigerator
first make certain the refrigerator is
in its final
position having a second person push
firmly against the top front of the
refrigerator should take some weight off
the leveling feet making them easier to
adjust stabilize the refrigerator by
turning each leveling foot clockwise to
lower them so they're in firm contact
with the floor after the leveling feet
are in firm contact with the floor you
may begin leveling the refrigerator
[Music]
continue turning the leveling foot to
the left or clockwise to raise that side
of the refrigerator turn the leveling
foot to the right or counterclockwise to
lower that side of the refrigerator
raise and lower each leveling foot on
each side of the refrigerator until the
product is
level after the refrigerator is level if
you want the doors to close more easily
tilt the refrigerator to the rear by
turning both leveling feet to the left
the same
amount the doors are designed to account
for the weight of food and will be
slightly different heights when empty if
the doors are misaligned after leveling
and loading with food you may adjust the
alignment with the following
steps locate the alignment screw under
the bottom right hinge of the
refrigerator
door to raise the refrigerator door use
a 5/16 in open-ended or adjustable
wrench to turn the alignment screw to
the right or counterclockwise
[Music]
to lower the refrigerator door turn the
alignment screw to the left or
clockwise open the doors to
approximately 90° and reinstall the
front Base
Grill whenever you need to move the
refrigerator be sure to raise the
leveling feet so they do not touch the
floor and the refrigerator Will Roll
more easily
[Music]