hi there i'm kl and this is my mom
i might be the crafty one in the family
but she's definitely the chef mom
doesn't speak english but she wants to
share her love of food to you guys so
for her cooking series i'll just be her
voice while she shows you the skills
and today we are making fried banana
rolls and this is more of a filipino
dish but we enjoy it so much that we
want to pass this recipe on to you guys
okay so you'll need some egg roll wraps
this tyj brand is the best so if you can
score them go for it some milk chocolate
which is optional and an assorted
variety of plantains or starchy bananas
regular bananas would work but because
they are not as starchy it's harder to
fry them
first mom is going to cook the plantain
in the microwave and to prevent a huge
explosion she pokes some holes into it
first before she wraps it up with some
saran wrap
next she sets the microwave for four to
five minutes and she occasionally checks
it to make sure that it's not overcooked
she takes off the peel and then places
it into a dish she also likes to add
these smaller bananas to sweeten it up
but you can surely use sugar or honey so
that it doesn't double the amount that
you are making
now mom is mashing up the bananas and
you can see here she got tired of the
fork and decided to use her knife until
everything looks like it's mixed
together
okay so now it's time to wrap these
little bad boys and she's cutting her
egg roll wraps in two quarters and you
can buy them pre-cut but we already have
some left over so we decided to go this
route
just like her pork egg roll recipe she
folds the bottom corner up and then she
places a thin strip of the mixture onto
it
now she rolls it about halfway up and
then she brings the two sides inwards
and then she finishes up the roll by
sealing it with some honey you can
surely use water for this anything that
would keep the flap from opening would
be just fine
so with the plantain and two small
bananas she was able to make about 30 of
these rolls so now it's just time to fry
them all
with a small pot she heats the oil to
approximately 350 degrees and she places
each roll carefully into the oil and
letting it fry until it's golden brown
and then she fishes them out and place
them onto a paper towel now you can stop
here and serve it with honey and
powdered sugar i have dipped these
things in nutella before and it was just
as tasty but if you want to try
chocolate all you have to do is place
some into a small bowl and then you're
going to heat it up for 15 seconds take
it out and give it a quick stir
give it another 15 seconds in the
microwave and then stir again
one last time in the microwave but only
for 10 seconds this time around and then
stir again
so now mom dips each roll individually
and she lets it sit on some parchment
paper for a few minutes so then it can
harden back up
and voila yummy plantains dipped in
chocolate this is extremely yummy and so
easy to manage that you guys just have
to try it out thank you guys so much for
watching and remember to like this video
or subscribe to the channel and check
back every monday for more cooking with
mom
goodbye