everybody my name is Kyle today is the
very first blog of mine about home
improvement that I'm gonna start posting
today's topic is hot tub landscaping so
we bought this house we live in Portland
Oregon but about a year and a half ago
and we had this really hideous hot tub
back here it was a Sundance spa I tried
to fix it didn't work out we got it
removed bought a new on coastal spa we
first got installed we were left with
this really ugly mess of mud right here
so I just want to show you my process a
little bit
this was mud before I started by
flattening out the ground they have
these Home Depot hand flatteners that
you could use and it just mattered it
just pounding the mud it makes it really
flat there stick I think it cost me $10
for a 24 hour period
$7 for a 4 hour period next about a few
bags of stone that was about like that
big I can't remember the name of it but
it's just these little pebbles lay that
out flatten it again with that hand
flattener so step one was flying it out
with the hand planner step two was
latest stuff out flying it step three
was these little 12 inch by 12 inch page
or whatever size works for you lay those
down get them nice and straight flatten
them out count them into the ground a
little bit and then I got these they're
called stone ponds and it was about four
dollars a bag I think this right here is
about four or five bags once these are
flat I just poured them all around
brushed around the side got my my blower
and drive got everything nice and nice
and clean so you can see I go
I'm gonna finish it today just finish
out this little portion and have it all
done probably under $100 so that's the
first first episode of mini to come