okay now we are ready to set this paint
I have decided to just put some paper
towel up inside here so I've got one
little piece you can see it sticking out
here one little wedge it's just laying
in there just like that and then I'm
going to put this piece on top of that
and just give it a good pressing I'm on
the cotton setting I don't really know
what's the best but I've had my iron
plugged in for a little bit and let it
get hot he's just come here come here
where's your baking yeah have some
Winnie the Pooh
so surely that's pretty good so let's
just forget the inside of this and see
what the inside the tiny little bit came
through okay I can't
it doesn't feel rough to my mouth so I
imagine after this washes it's going to
loosen that up anyway so I will wash
these and I will wash them wrong side
out or I think instead of turning the
wrong side out I'm just going to put
them in my little lingerie bags and I
will tuck I will tuck thee the sleeves
under this way you know it will be in
the back like this and we'll wash and I
think that'll be good I think it's so
cute I like it okay let's press the
other one it has quite a bit more on it
so we're going to do the same thing
we're just going to slip one paper towel
up inside here
which I needed everywhere don't I since
I got carried away with all my stamping
on this one okay okay I'm going to start
on this side
yes your two having a hard time you keep
spitting it out yeah yeah I don't know
why I don't know why you're killing me
get lambing know you don't wanna lay me
you're tired yeah I bet you're gonna
sleep good tonight
so all this ironing is probably overkill
my main image there got a lot of press
time okay I am going to unplug the iron
it is really oh that's super hot I can't
even put that down let's put it right
here okay so I think those turned out so
cute I'm so happy with them so useful
and fun thank you for joining me if you
have any questions be sure and let me
know