hello welcome to my Channel today I'm
sharing my Hardy POA recipe it is
seriously the yummiest traditionally p
is made with chicken or pork but I
created this lowfat healthy version with
vegetable broth and Tempe trust me when
I say you will love this recipe so
please keep
watching all of the ingredients are
scrolling at the bottom but not to worry
if you miss them because I will guide
you throughout let's begin by deing five
Wahu chilies remove the stem then
carefully cut along the side and remove
the veins and seeds by the way these
chilies are not spicy but they do add
depth and a vibrant color to dishes
you'll be able to find them at most
supermarkets in the Mexican aisle
usually where the spices are at all
right once they're cleaned cover them
with water along with one tomato I cut
mine in half also a small piece of onion
bring to a boil on a medium flame for
about 10 minutes or until soft in the
meantime in a medium to large pot add
the 32 oz of low sodium vegetable broth
uh along with a wedge of onion for extra
flavor followed by the 25 oz can of
homon that has been drained and rinsed
and just in case you're not too sure
what homon is it's just corn that has
been dried and boiled also leave 2
tablespoons of homon on the side simmer
for about 15 minutes on a low to medium
flame it's been about 10 minutes and the
Tomato as well as the waho chilies have
softened before I add the tomato to the
blender I'm going to peel off the outer
skin followed by the waho chilies no
need to do anything to them and also I'm
going to add 1 and A4 cup of water that
they were cooked in and I'm going to use
a colander to stop any seeds from going
in there add a four of a teaspoon of
ground cumin two to three garlic cloves
I love garlic so I'm adding three and
also 2 tablespoons of vegan chicken buan
and if you don't have this that's okay
you could always substitute for salt but
it does add a lot of flavor and 3
tbspoon of dried oregano and a small
wedge of onion and also my secret
ingredient the 2 tbspoon of homon that
we saved
earlier once well Blended we're going to
incorporate the sauce with the simmering
homon and we're just going to let it
continue to simmer for another 5 minutes
and now we're going to work on our
Tempe I'm using half of the 8 oz Tempe I
bought about 4 oz the brand is West soy
and this is what it looks like as you
can see it is very texturized I'm
cutting mine into 1/4 in Slices Tempe is
a super food it's an excellent
substitute for meat because of the
texture and ability to absorb flavor and
if you haven't heard of it it's a soy
product made by fermenta whole soybeans
you can find it at most health food
stores and also some supermarkets carry
it nowadays it's full of nutrients high
in fiber low in sodium also it has
natural antibiotics and I really hope
you try it I loved it and I think you
will
too Place The Tempest strips in a large
nonstick pan and very carefully uh add
half a cup of the red broth that our
homon has been simmering in and I also
sprinkled one teaspoon of vegan chicken
buan over the strips and I let them
simmer for about 5 to 7 minutes or until
the liquid was completely gone now it's
time to combine the 10 meat with the
homon carefully mixing it in and letting
it simmer on a low to medium heat for
about 5 minutes and after that turn off
the
burner as you can see I'm serving myself
a full bowl of Bosa because why not it's
this delicious and I highly recommend
that you enjoy this very tasty ble the
way we do in Mexico which is by adding
diced white onion crushed dried oregano
fresh lime juice slices of avocado and
of course tostadas you must eat this
with tostadas it's so good I really hope
you try this recipe it's one of my
favorites and I know you'll love it also
don't forget to support my channel by
subscribing and as always thank you so
much for watching until next time