so these are just some simple and shelah
does this is basically in a food
processor you just whizzed up some onion
garlic cilantro season it just cook it a
little bit that's amazing and then while
it's simmering just turn this Daniela
bone okay yeah um you go to your food
processor yep
okay chicks if he's Jo I don't want to
tick off your ticking so can of tomatoes
don't splash on your beautiful blouse
st. y'all um
chipotle in adobo I love jovanna WI and
you don't mess it up
alright uh uh when you bring it home
sometimes I hear the whole cancer your
leftover get to top an occasion break it
off next time you need it
oh that's bad right it's so fun ok
please wait when that's whizzed up into
a sauce add it back into this add it
into this groovy thank you yo vodka and
then you let this reduce for about I
would say ten minutes and that's what
and then it comes out like this guy over
here exactly
it smells really fragrant and delicious
and then this is super easy so you take
some leftover chicken or rotisserie
rotisserie chicken from the market you
add onions that are you don't even have
to mince them up some cotija cheese
getting mild cheese any mild cheese's
are fine and then a little Jack yep yeah
and then you have a little Mexican
oregano
Mexican oregano we why not and then you
mix it up I mean it couldn't be easier
and these are great like not only do
they take minutes to make but you could
even make double batches of this stuff
and then I use my fingers
shallow milk and then you just literally
I mean you can make these gluten-free if
you want to use corn tortilla these are
obviously flour you can use spelt
whatever you want and then seam side
down again that's another thing I love
about the book again there's so many
options in there there's gluten-free
there's vegetarian there's literally
bacon there's there's white white bread
there's a little something for
everything they're selling for everybody
and then now this is on a bed of the
sauce so my theoretical a would have
taken half the sauce coated in the
bottom of the pan roll up the rest of
these bad girls did it man just pour the
sauce on top I know right so good and
bake them up pop them in the oven and I
think we've got the done ones in the
upper deck so I'm gonna put three years
in the lower deck I forgot here me that
uh mopping right there there what this
yeah the muck um anyway you're supposed
to put cheese on top when it comes out
but you broil it at the end
yeah never save a little of the cheese a
bit extra and there you see there's a
cheese right now
this is like honestly it's half an hour
you're done I mean and the kids are fed
and it's one pan dish you clean it up
you're done it's such a go-to and I love
30-minute meals more than anyone hello