hi everybody this is Ben from Ben no no
calm I just wanted to show you quickly
after coming back some of these buddies
just how to do it
at what time time of the year to do it
it is late September now and these have
pretty much gone over now that here
there are actually a few that's still
left that I get to cut normally those
flowers of purple so these ones have now
gone over they're kind of brown and I'm
you really want to start taking them off
so you have time to kind of establish
before the winter and yeah just got a
bit of light into the into the whole
plant so I will show you here what we've
what we've done today this is um these
are three big old buddies that they're
normally about say about 8 to 10 foot
and really what you want to do is to
open them up to allow as much light as
you can into the middle and yet keep the
framework kind of open like a sort of
open hand with the fingers pointing up
so it's kind of like a it's as clear as
it can be in the middle but as you can
see these these here they're the shoots
there so as long as you can see these at
the bottom you're pretty much okay as a
rule to cut above that so there's always
some new energy coming from the bottom
of the new growth there just to give you
closer left in the middle there there's
a lot of growth there right down the
middle here so this will all shoot back
up into new long shoots in one year
these will shoot up literally six foot
so you don't need to worry too much
about that these three these here as
well usually the best with a pruning saw
so they keep the cuts nice and clean
again we're just taking out all the dead
wood of the middle here you can see
there that was just a big big bit of
dead wood which is you can tell I mean
that bit there is it dead wood it's not
as light as
you see that there that's the normal one
that's the one that's kind of fresh and
still well alive so you can still see
the rings in the middle of the stem
there so yeah this is a bigger one but
same principles really apply you just
keep them the middle open cut it back
when the flowers have gone over and make
sure there's a lot of new growth where
you're cutting above it so that's really
all there is on Baddeley's check back
with us soon thanks a lot bye