hello wanted to share with you something
today this is a 1B platter of fresh
golden figs these figs are the highest
quality figs you can buy and I'll tell
you what I mean here each one of them is
soft juicy and full of amazing flavor so
you're wondering what's inside this well
I'm going to grab a knife I'm going to
cut it in half and I'm going to show you
exactly what's inside there here you go
this fig I just cut it in half is full
of soft
gooey natural goodness this is like
honey pure amazing honey super sweet
figs uh amazing high quality product
these are in stock and they're the best
ones I've ever tasted and they're at
your sponsor Chef depot.com
thanks for watching subscribe have a
great day please visit the
website and eat healthy you owe it to
yourself