[Music]
although her friends want to show you
guys how I make my white sauce enchilada
and so we got people working on our
stairs it's gonna be I'm quite loud but
I'm going to show you guys the
ingredients just rotisserie chicken I
get mine at Costco lots of Kia's
shredded cheese flour sour cream I use
green chili from Trader Joe's salt and
pepper I'm basically gonna make a roux
out of them flour and chicken broth add
some salt and pepper they're just to
flavor it up a little bit and then I'm
gonna add on my gue Chinese and sour
cream and then before that I'm gonna
shred up my chicken this is just
rotisserie chicken from Costco I'm gonna
use about maybe three cups for a family
of 6 3 cups 2 cups and however many
Sophia's have for the family and then
the chicken broth so that's however mini
to Kansas and maybe two and a half cups
and then about six to eight tablespoon
of the flour I'm gonna go ahead and
start wrapping it up and show you guys
roughly I don't know maybe three three
cups of chicken in here rotisserie
chicken that I done my shredded may be
for I don't I really just eyeball it and
then I'm gonna go ahead and get some
cheese and then put it in here about
maybe two and a half cups for this and
then I'm gonna blend it well together
alright sorry guys so I'm just using my
iPhone and like I said we have people
working on the stairs we're replacing
our carpet on the stairs so you just
want to make sure that this is just very
well blended mix well together and then
just make it look like as if it has like
the same consistency of chicken and
cheese this is the part where I just
usually just eyeball it and that's it so
we're gonna put this aside and then
let's go start making our room I forgot
to mention earlier that you do need
butter for your room so this is I think
just regular unsalted butter and then
for this recipe I basically have doubled
it to
to meet my family's needs I have four
kids and two adults but if you're just
cooking it for two people then just cut
it in half of all the ingredients I'm
using so I'm gonna use about six
tablespoons so I'm just gonna cut that
in half and then I'm gonna melt it into
my pot and then once it's melted I'm
gonna go ahead and add my my flour and
then just make sure that your pot isn't
very alright so for this one I have a
happy helping me because I have the
camera so you basically want to make
sure your butter is melted turn it down
really really low so I have a very low
low heat and then I've already
pre-measured about six tablespoons of
flour and then we're gonna start putting
it in there so you don't want to burn
the flour
otherwise it's it's not gonna face
[Music]
like usually I put like the Swan is it
this one chicken broth and that was like
toucan okay we went ahead and added
about three and a half cups of chicken
broth onto here now I'm just going to
flavor it with just a little bit of a
salt and pepper just to give it a little
bit of flavor so how these gonna do that
couple of sprinkles and then once it
starts boiling I will remove it from
from the heat and then that's what I'm
going to add my sour cream and my green
Chili's pulling down I'm gonna go ahead
and get Pam thing spray and I'm just
gonna lightly and then so I have my room
I have my roux and then I have my sour
cream I'm just basically gonna put two
cups of sour cream in here all right I
have the sour cream and the chili in
here now you can add more or less chili
I used like a little can of chili from
green chili from Trader Joe's but if you
have kids and they're very picky
but I wouldn't admit it because it's
suppose put in a lot of flavor into your
[Music]
already heavy alright so I like to stuff
my turkey is because um that's what the
kids like so I'm just gonna roll it
stuff it in there as much as I can then
roll it nice and tight and then I'm just
gonna start repeating that until I'm a
head of tortillas and by stuffing it
over stuffing it I feel like the kids
are just getting
a bit more more into their their bite
[Music]
[Music]
so I'd like to put mine in between first
before I pour it over to make sure that
it's all them there this house is
amazing and this is a super easy recipe
- the kids can easily make this you can
make the room the sauce I had applied
for them and then they can come in come
home after school for my kids and my
older ones and shred the chicken and
then sit with the cheese and then the
sauce is already ready and then all they
have to do is just this just like this
is where I like to double my recipe for
my sauce is because sauce in there and
then also if I do have extra sauce I can
easily make just pasta and then use this
as a wine sauce for the pasta for the
girls to bring to school the next day
and that's it simple as that so I'm
gonna go ahead and bake this into the
oven you could put it in foil for just
maybe a few minutes two to five minutes
but if you do put it on broil I
recommend not to walk away from your
oven but I usually just put it into a
350 degrees for about 10 minutes I'm
gonna sprinkle some more cheese on top
and alright it's ready to go into the
oven
look at that and so huge it's easy to
make alright friends here it is okay I
do want to sample it before feeding it
to the family so I'm gonna get up
and I can this iover stop the edge what
so that's okay but look how cheesy look
at that okay you actually you taste it
tell me how yeah
I've made this a few times for the
family how he loves this hmm good oh my
gosh yes all right so that's how we made
our sour cream white sauce chicken
enchilada hope you guys enjoyed this
recipe Mahalo