all right everybody always asked the
same question over and over I did - by
weight or by volume what I'm seeing in
the math that I'm seeing says it doesn't
matter it's the same thing so that being
said this is a four pound bag of sugar
plain old sugar this is a peanut butter
jar just the peanut butter jar figure to
scale you see the size on the hinge
director peanut butter jar all right
this four pounds of sugar filled that up
almost little full twice so if you're
mixing in the winter so they can store
it you want two to one two sugars
till one water that means through this
jar up or equivalent measurement twice
with sugar pour it in you vessel I need
to come to about right here it gets
there then I filled this up one single
time with warm water and poured that in
just now so this is what the consistency
I didn't like three minutes ago this is
the consistency and see that settling on
the bottom you know shake it need to go
into solution a bit but that's two to
one now since my jar is gonna be
probably too full off camera I'm gonna
put a bigger jug they right back alright
this is extreme overkill but I was
editing the video and I said you know
somebody just might not have their brain
with it today so this is one to one
one quart of sugar one quart of water
did I see it the end of the story now if
you say that's my volume what I've got
wait stop again enter the story it
matters not but there's two pounds
the sugar cousin zero and there's two
pounds of water this is 1 2 1 2 2 1 is 2
sugars 1 water 1/2 1 sugar first 2 - 1
is 2 sugars to 1 water okay there you go
1 2 1 2 pounds if you add them together
and they go into solution your solution
yeah it's like the lugging will be 4
pounds or I don't know what volume
letter coming out to be i guess it would
displace I don't know it doesn't matter
wonder 1
measure don't weigh it keep it simple so
this is two to one that means two sugars
to one water two sugars to one jar of
water so while I was pouring it just
then I was looking at the viscosity of
it and I said hmm
that'd be interesting to see and it was
unnecessary I stopped that is what - the
one looks like
and there's what hang on in the solution
oh there's a happy one in the solution
which is quite a bit actually but I'll
read me to that in just a second but I
won't make it too confusing because the
purpose it is keep it simple
all right we'll call that empty now
that's two to one I'm going to refill
this jar with water this is the second
one so that's going to give us a
one-to-one equal marijuana border that
was less than a minute this is this is
the best constant of 101 different and
that was just to show you that this
constant difference
[Music]
you got less sitting in the bottom give
it about 10 15 minutes and
we'll give it a few minutes and then
I'll pick another shot
25 minutes later nothing so this is 1 to
1 that means 1 cup of sugar 1 cup of
water one gallon of sugar 1 gallon of
water buy anything and if you happen to
notice the movie star in the room say I
see
okay here we are about six hours later
and this is it the one-to-one the equal
parts of water to a sugar and I just
come to my hot servation hive and just
refilled my jar just sitting on top it's
got a little copper nozzle on it they
blowing up the cone and drone tails are
kept off alright so there it is that's a
water sugar
raesha weight or volume makes no
difference there you go that's about
five minutes worth of mixing stealing it
up with a quart and curtain a quarter
Cartland three-eighths left total
solution but I just wanted to know
looking for something to do