now we have a nice finished floor on the
inside and you walk from there out onto
this not such a goodlooking floor here
this is composite decking and is
virtually maintenance free the only
thing that you have to do is clean it
from time to time and it's fairly dirty
now because it's been sitting outside
not a lot of cleaning has taken place
obviously and a lot of construction
traffic and debris all over it so Tim
starts mixing up a new concentrated
Cleaning Solution that's designed
specifically for this composite day this
stuff is called cortic clean and when
it's combined with warm water it breaks
down all kinds of mold mildew dirt
pollen and even barbecue stains but it
does it without bleach or other
chemicals that can harm your lawn or the
environment