hi everyone its Mel I've got just a
little tip for you you guys may already
know this but every time I tell somebody
they're amazed so so maybe it's not wide
known you know how your ribbon always
gets frayed and we buy hair bows and all
the little ends always get frayed well
I've got a neat little surefire way to
keep your ribbon from fraying and that
is a little lighter it takes a little
bit of practice to kind of get it right
but you're gonna turn your lighter on
and then swiftly but in slowly enough
for the the plastic in the ribbon that
makes it polyester or something
something I don't know to melt and bond
alright so let's see I wish you could
feel this you can feel like that a rim
and edge on the end that is never gonna
fray if something happens you can always
to just trim it and put it under the
lighter again I'm going to do this side
because you guys can see more of the
frame
and I can trim those things off but I
just wanted to show you that a neat
little tip for fixing the ends of your
ribbon so they won't fray you need to do
this one all right thanks bye