pink polyethylene holes are unique to
lyon city in east central france a
delectable candy that can be used for a
variety of fun recipes the secret to
making Pauline roses is to add the sugar
in three stages first step bring to a
boil the first portion of the water and
sugar add the red food coloring set the
flame on high and when a large bubbles
start forming throw in the almonds
they're constantly shaking the pan add
the orange blossom water the stirrup
will then begin to crystallize keep
stirring so that the knots are well
coated in sugar then it is going to look
like the ingredients seem to secure it
and some of the remaining sugar is now
pink
well allow it to melt partially again
and transfer the coordinates on a tray
lined with a silicon mat or parchment
paper step to cook the second portion of
the water and sugar add the saved pink
sugar and if the color by the way is
okay no need for extra food coloring
cook served to 255 degrees tonight one
two and four of those return on the nuts
to the cleaned pan and when the silk is
almost already switch on the burner
below the pan and pull the syrup over
the almond coat the nuts well correcting
at the bottom of the pan as you go the
syrup will once again begin to
crystallize allow whatever sugar seems
unwilling to be used as coding to melt
again step 3
repeat step two you
last portion of the water and sugar cook
syrup to the same temperature of 255
degrees tonight
124 Celsius code not well on high heat
and yet it is going to crystallize
reduce the heat if necessary and
continue to cook melting the remaining
pink sugar powder or left on the bottom
until almost gone
be careful don't burn it then transfer
to a baking tray and dry out in a 160
degrees per night oven 70 degrees
Celsius through about 15 minutes look at
this I mean this is incredible
you can use these for variety of things
these are so great as a gift or as a
garnishing and such as floating island
we just met a couple of days ago and
also these are widely used in San
Jeannie's yogi in Savoy for the famous
biogenics and next time I'm going to
show you how to make this incredible
pink colony tart guys I hope you enjoyed
this pink panini episode to get the full
recipe go to another chat net please
subscribe like me on Facebook and follow
me on Twitter Instagram and Pinterest
see you next time