I like to inspire people to do things on
their own do-it-yourself projects what
we're gonna do here is I'm gonna put
this polyurethane a protector it's a
glossy glossy one which should give more
protection well put on this wood here
and this wood is already designed to be
you know tough against water already
it's like a chopping board chopping
board type wood but I'm going to this is
gonna be in the bathroom so I want to
put some more sealer on there to protect
the wood because it's gonna be a lot of
water there occasionally and I think
we'll put this sealer on there and stain
and you might have to do this once a
year maybe if you want to protect the
wood do it once a year so and I think
it's gonna work I think the white goes
good with the wood so I didn't want to
tile this and the another option would
have put towel on here but I think I'm
just gonna keep the wood there for some
reason I like the color of the wood and
as you can see that the sink the round
sink is gonna cover the whole but I
still want to stain this before I put
the sink down of course so here we go
we're just gonna go ahead and put this
stain and polyurethane sealer on here
and I say maybe do this once every year
every two years and I believe that this
wood will be protected and it's remember
it's already made from the factory it's
already made in a chopping board form so
it's already got some built-in
protection from the factory so I believe
this is just an added and added
protection so if you ever see one of
these type of little cabinets and you
you can make them work for the bathroom
that's why I have another video a longer
video that shows how I did this how I
got this cabinet prepared for the
bathroom it was not designed to go for
the bathroom we had to do it ourselves
and as I say that's what I like to do I
like to inspire you to find items that
other people don't want the neighbor
doesn't want it your friend or family
doesn't want it you found it in the
garbage I found this at the garage sale
for 10 bucks I made it work for the
bathroom counter a bathroom cabinet it
works
good luck on your projects