[Music]
you
how to clean ballet shoes on the market
there is a wide range of ballet shoes
for ballet dancers among them three
kinds of shoes canvas satin and leather
ones are more popular than others each
kind of ballet shoe requires different
cleaning process to ensure the original
quality and cleaning purpose
consequently in this video we mentioned
three different methods for three types
of models the first tip is applied for
leather ballet shoes one clean leather
ballet shoes firstly use a mixture of
mild liquid dish soap as white cleaning
liquid to have this liquid put a little
dish soap into the cup of fresh water
until the liquid is sout see in this
step remember not to put too much dish
soap because soap can be hard to be
removed totally secondly clean the
surface of ballet shoes by the liquid
you have mixed you can use a soft cloth
or a toothbrush or leather brush to wash
the spots but the most importantly you
would better to wash gently and slightly
do not rub steadily if you do not want
to ruin your shoes thirdly clean the
ballet shoes again with fresh water to
remove all existing sponge and stains
lastly do not forget to dry it a soft
cloth or towel can be used effectively
be careful with tumble dryer never use
it in this step to canvas cleaning
process compared to leather or satin
material a canvas one is much easier to
clean you can wash it either by hand or
by washing machine if you are going to
use a washing machine before putting it
into the washing machine it is better to
put it in a lingerie bag it seems to be
useless but the lingerie bag can protect
your canvas shoes from other colored
clothes especially when your shoes are
white as an additional cleaner use a
mild detergent for further effectiveness
after your shoes are completely washed
take them from the washing machine and
bag then dry in the warm place there are
some helpful notes in the drying way you
should take serious consideration dot
firstly the sunshine can dry them faster
but can also ruin the soft canvas
material and make them hard and rough
remember to keep them out of the direct
sunshine furthermore a dryer should
definitely be avoided three useful
method for satin shoes
firstly prepare a tub which consisting
of a mixture of cold water and laundry
soap warm water is also accepted but the
cold one is better for satin material
secondly sink the shoes in the tub then
wash them slightly after that clean the
ballet shoes again with fresh and cold
water until they are completely clear
without sponge finally remove all the
water out of the shoes and then let them
dry in the warm place compared to canvas
shoes you should avoid wringing them
during washing process so as to ensure
your shoe is not to be easily crushed a
dryer certainly should be prevented with
the methods we have outlined you can
clean her shoes subscribe to our channel
for more useful information thank you
for watching