hey welcome back right well this is my
friend Pam and I have it on heating and
it's but it's sort of quite warm but
it's not boiling boiling you know so
what I have I've melted some butter okay
and I've got a little pastry brush and
then what I do I brush the pan then I've
got a ice cream scoop on what I do then
I just take a scoop of my batter I place
it into the center take this over here
that's my pancake there see you just let
it cook away there for a couple of
minutes and you'll start to see like
bubbles coming from you know the outside
go probably a little bit brine that
stage it'll probably start bubbling then
the sampler as well a few bubbles as
well so once that happens then you turn
it over flip it over so I'll just leave
out there you okay for you son you can
see keep that stuff in the ring is that
a bite number I have number two mmm
start the ease not gonna tempt us with
it because on my luck it will just get
the same right it's ready for turnin
over you just the wheat flip thing
underneath it and you just give it a
quick turn there we go you should
pancake
so just another couple of minutes we'll
do them - got like a wire rack here lets
blend this one's finished I'll step set
it on the wire rack to cool looks quite
nice you can do a lot of thanks Frankie
you know you can you can put no tell us
quite popular night so you can spread
Nutella on it or some people you put
butter on it and then we just to cinema
this turn again to make sure it's done
that's it see we go the other side
there's nothing
yeah it's quick a thirty sort of pump
kick we want to put it on the rear I
then I get my bar again
[Music]
[Music]
it's nice and gently does it nobody's
out for a couple minutes
hey you can put them down
butter Johnny but crema if you want you
know or what will be next