so today we're going to make handy Rosa
Elmen first one the line the cooking
sheet will fry up and you want to put
the dough side up and then we're going
to spread almond on it spread the oven I
have about four cups of almond here we
want to roast this 350 degrees for about
10 minutes watch it make sure it's not
overdone in the mixing bowl want to mix
the dry ingredients want to have 4 4 cup
of almond I'm putting about 1/4 cup of
sugar 1/2 teaspoon of salt 1/2 teaspoon
of cinnamon
these are the dry ingredient you want to
mix up after about 10 minutes of
roasting should be ready we want to let
it cool down completely before we mix it
with the other other ingredients in the
saucepan we can add 4 tbsp of water 2
tbsp of olive oil
but three tablespoon of honey and one
teaspoon of vanilla extract and heat on
to medium and constantly stirring it and
bring it to a boil
yeah when it's to a boil want to put in
the the roasted almond and constantly
mixing it until the almond absorb all
the ingredients which takes about two
minutes and the liquid is almost gone
now it's time to head back those dry
ingredients one is 30 constantly until
the sugar is caramelize almost ready
as you can see sugar is caramelizing and
there's almost um
now it's ready to put the ailment back
to the baking sheet and let it cool down
spread the ailment to the baking sheet
and then completely cool down when is
they'll be ready