okay okay this definitely keeping this
I'm gonna keep it so we are going to
keep it or keeping this - we're keeping
this one it's a keeper okay I'm just
gonna start this over
hi everybody so welcome back to my
channel um if you guys know let's just
get this over with this isn't a super
original idea I was actually inspired by
my friend Sarah Dunn here on YouTube to
do this she went through her whole like
top section of her wardrobe so I went to
the same thing because girl needs to
clean her closet but I also want to give
hoji credits to Arden Rose here on
YouTube she is like art and rose garden
home I don't know I woke up I believe
loved her since I started watching
YouTube back when I was 15 and she was
purging her closet has been doing this
little series so I would actually create
a whole playlist of these videos as well
as my friend Haley's video in since
we're playlist on my channel so I'll put
this in the description box below but
today we are going to do the tops of my
closet first kind of done a cancer pops
up here and then I also have a bunch of
stuff in my closet girl gets into a lot
of clothes and not all of them make the
cut so this is all the stuff that I've
kept over the past year let's start with
this drawer this is all of the sweaters
in this drawer Oh God okay first top
well I know my throwing us out because
it was really stiff but this is a sort
of currency up so the meter like part
something fancy
oh it's 94 percent merino wool next
thing I have in here is this little
cardigan from sheet yet I haven't worn
it yet so I want to safety pin it like
this and wear it like as a top but for
now it will stay in the closet they have
here is a princess Polly flutter brush
and makes me look like I have a tan the
next one I have here is also from
princess Polly and this is a main pink
sweater I really like because it is like
really really huge next stand up here's
a little hoodie I got this at Valley
Village when we went to the rob first
game in New York City
very small kids make the kids sweater
we're keeping this one because let's go
Raptors next what I have here is also
from loser store we're keeping this to
all Cody bye
so next thing I have in here is actually
not my it's my mom so don't they can't
throw this away but it's a Neiman Marcus
cashmere shawl I keep it because it is
cozy a ya feel like a lady of leisure
and stuff here is from shopped read on
love the fit of this and little links
that leave similar to this in the
description box too but such a good like
chilled a sweater so we are going to
keep it and plus I actually don't have
that many hoodies this is like that
comically small hoodie that I got from
she and I think it's cute it'll be cute
with like high-waisted little joggers
and stuff this one's current so I'll
link this one description box and that
much to give away because I go through
my closet every single month give things
to my sister give things to my friends
it gives things Dylan sister like it all
kind of spreads around nothing goes to
waste
I actually two of these but one of them
is in the car I stained it so that's why
I ordered this one it's my favorite
sweater in the world it's my heart red
sweater just love it so cozy I won't
like this too but mind you I ordered
this in June from the Harvard website
got it in September there is a crazy
chain of emails because I have no idea
why it took so long and they wouldn't
give me a straight answer so yeah next
water here is this one from the thrift
store I wore this in a recent Instagram
post
it's from LL Bean they have it on
backwards but you guys get the idea just
a plain cream sweater it looks a lot
like the exhale leave the label one to
go I go on it I also have this one which
I recently wore and I originally was
going to give it away but I tried it on
and I was like oh this is cute so I kept
it for now but I think this one's
actually gonna go back into the Reese
so that will go into our giveaway pile
but this is from Shion it's one of my
favorite knits from there that's why I
bought it in the second color and that's
why it's inside Oaks I wore it next one
I own is from public butter and it's the
J's World Series when they won back in
1993 and 1992 as old as I am and got to
represent the city's next sweater I have
here is from JM vintage at the UCLA
sweater as you guys know I'll have an
affinity for school sweaters I just also
really I have no sweaters from my own
University I think I'd give them all to
my sister and brother and then last one
in the drawer is my Daniel Caesar
sweater from wills Studios the only man
I think like a hundred of these and it's
there much of the design for Daniel
Caesar who's also based in Toronto and
he's like one of my favorite artists
this is so cool it has the Freudian
chore I'll be here all week
and my mom wears a sweater too even
though she does not listen the Daniele
Caesar and now we're going to move on to
the drawer of doom first of a half years
brandy melville it's just a waffle top I
got this when I was in Barcelona because
there's a little bit cheaper for me to
buy it and you're up in here just a
little waffle t-top look how oversized
it is I work to bed and also wear it out
gotta keep the loungy stuff next item I
have is this top I just got from she and
so I really like the neckline of this so
I just bought it I'm gonna keep it
next thing I have here is a shop redrawn
long sleeve this is gonna be in a hole
so definitely keeping this next top half
here is this brandy melville tube top
this I want to show you guys but I have
it in black and I also have it in grey
guess gonna keep this one too and I put
in a lot of my styling videos so yep the
legendary black turtleneck you guys
already know
yeah next time I have here is a little
Zarate if you guys notice everything in
here is really neutral it's a little
white Zarate definitely keeping this cuz
it's a really good basic and I like the
fit
I bought this originally in the summer
again and I have it in white too but I
think it's in the laundry but this I
think I'm actually give this away next
thing I have here is another shirt this
is from Zara but it's very like brandy
melville I feel like this is a little
bit outdated so I'm not going to keep
this one and I have the same tube top
but in grey its Larry the exact same
thing Instagram BAE you talk with the
little under wires they got this um she
in this is really cute on so I'm going
to keep this one I always like I'm
tempted to give this away from she in
but every time I wear it I get a lot of
compliments so I feel like it's like
it's fine to keep it so oh I do like it
on yeah I like this on okay what keep
this next top I have here and this is
something I bought when I used to work a
seasonal job almost 4 years ago um this
is from Tallulah we have to wear all
black so that's why I bought it and I
like it I think it's simple its basic if
you have like a job interview it's a
good top we just tie it I also have this
little t-shirt this is a baby tee from
Chien this one is it's a slightly
different fit yeah announcer she ends
there's like I think you get like a
black one and a white one for like eight
dollars or something on their website so
I'll link it down below they have these
like all year round but this is like one
of my favorite things I've ever got from
them because it washes well my gosh in
this summer know last summer so I've had
this for over a year now so I keep this
because I don't have longer going up
shirts so yeah next shirt I have in here
more sports memorabilia shirt this I got
from public butter recently and I was
only like $12 so that's why I had to get
it back twice only $12
oh no there's a hole in it that's okay
it's in the back are you so it it's Bugs
Bunny playing I strongly believe all
this is really cute too
next stop I have here is the white
version actually of the green shop that
I'm giving away I got this in a mediums
I want it to be a little bit oversized
one thing I don't like especially what
the sleeves are though like I think so
short but it's cute tucked into things
so we're keeping this because I'm basic
next thing I have here is this forever
21 shirt with little like lettuce edges
so like it's a little middle school so
I'm not going to keep this next shirt we
have here is oh surprise another white
shirt um this one's from the gap and I
am wearing these since I've been
starting to do fashion videos on my
channel it's like the boatneck tees they
have them at the gap every year and if
you get them before you percent off it's
a really good deal they wash well I
think they look really nice too this is
from brandy melville and I got this when
I was in Barcelona actually no I got
this I came out before Barcelona I can't
remember I think that's the best way to
wear a crop shirt like you don't want it
all the way up here you want it right
there next sure I have in here I'm I
wore this in LA I like this I think this
is cool and it's comfortable so keeping
this one next shirt is not a shirt I
wore in LA and I keep this as a workout
but I think we're working out this is
acceptable yeah next year I have here is
my only Queen's University shirt I
designed these for shops penny from
homecoming when ez was doing a bunch of
these and it's like a size small so
obviously it didn't sell as well as the
other ones but it says I feel like
Queens and in the back says no more
parties on Aberdeen because he wrote
like here to soften the war parties in
LA and he put that on the back of shirt
so I thought be funny to put like
nowhere parties in Aberdeen because
Aberdeen is like the big party Street at
my university so yeah we need to keep
this for the men this sweater I got in
Paris and I'm not sure where I put this
on my channel or maybe I did actually no
I don't think I did
it's pretty cool because there was this
little store there that did like
embroidery and sweaters so I got my
channel name here yeah planning all my
language wear but I really really like
this it's a special memory from parents
and a really great souvenir this top is
from brandy melville it's a black
off-the-shoulder long sleep I don't
think I ever wore this I think I have to
say goodbye to it next top I have like
this grey blue color of another top I
have you guys can tell if I really like
something I'll buy it in repeat because
if it works it works this is really good
it's cute with these pants too when you
wear them with like white sneakers next
hope I have here this is from she in on
it's a pin striped top it's just like a
black going out top I don't have
anything like this and I used tell the
pinstripes skirt that I thought would
look really cool but an update didn't
really match so no put the back but yeah
they I'm gonna keep this for all the
times I go out which is never this top
is from she in and it's a summer top so
I should put it away for now because I'm
not gonna wear it right now I keep this
one for the summer because I know I'm
gonna bring it out again this one I
broke a button so I'll day I can't even
button it up but this one has to go it's
really cute I just I broke it someone
else will give us the tender loving care
it needs this is her max Ellie I got
this in a size small this top is from JM
vintage and it's a racing tea how cool
you guys may have seen in one of my
selling thrift videos where this all
buttoned up we got to keep this so this
is a mesh top I like this I like the
ruching on the sleeves reminds me of
that Kim Kardashian dress I think I
thought this would be fun I keep trying
to make camel happen for me but it just
it doesn't work this one I also got from
the thrift store if you guys realize
actually have a lot of thrift finds in
here what do you think this is from so
my sister actually made this and it's
been to go over like this and you can
wear it to the feet so we're going to
keep this because it's pretty basic I
like this I think it's really really
sweet and I think it'll be cute whenever
we go back to LA this talk is from
Hollister back when a sort of a
Hollister like in high school
but it's such a good great long sleep
and I have nothing like it such a good
basic so we are keeping this so I also
have this little green crop top really
cute just a plain little skinny shirt
this is from forever 21 and I got it in
a large it looks cute like this this is
another top I'm saving only for the
summertime or put them on vacation this
top I have here I got this from Zara so
long ago and it has an asymmetrical
hemline it's really nice top actually
and you can wear leather leggings there
kind of covers your bum here a little
bit another brandy melville long-sleeve
but yeah it's just a simple long sleeve
like I'd honestly wear this together
wear a pair of platform sneakers there's
that you know I was like one capsule
wardrobe I have like 7 D 8 one of my
go-to sweaters I got this back in the
day when I was working like a social
media job and I want to look halfway
presentable so this was the half way I'm
going to a hall with this because I just
brought it and I loved it and it's
really cute has some holes the next one
I have is this alarmingly bright yellow
sweater
my aunt knitted this guy it's turtleneck
but she knit for me should knit for me
she knows this look before I was born
and a lot of youtubers have this sweater
actually I think these are really good
University sweaters because you get
thrown on the library the last and final
item of this massive closet purge but
not really because there's not that much
stuff there um is this grey sweater ok
so it's just very very like Orencia or
like high fashion ish I like the little
design here this one's gonna stay for
now ok guys so that is the end of this
latest a little closet purge I'm gonna
do a part 1 2 3 for however long it
takes to get through all of my clothes
but this is all that we're purging today
and if you have any tips on closet
purchase please let me know in the
comment section below I will talk to you
soon bye guys