hey everybody I'm here today to tell you
how to unclog a toilet when you don't
have a plunger as you can see I don't
actually have a clog to toilet right
here but I'll be going over the steps
that you should be taking to unclog a
toilet if you don't have access to a
plunger now let's get right to it first
and foremost what you want to do is you
want to get something into the toilet
that's gonna act as a lubrication to
loosen up whatever it is that's clogging
the toilet now some examples of the
things that you might find in a bathroom
are some body wash just like this some
shampoo or conditioner or some liquid
hand soap okay so what you want is
something that's going to act as a
lubricant inside of the toilet to sort
of loosen up whatever it is that's
flogging the toilet so you're gonna find
one of those things that can act as a
lubricant and literally you can use
anything that would act as a lubricant
that you would find in the washroom but
these are three examples once again body
wash shampoo or conditioner and liquid
liquid Hansel what you want to do is you
want to take that and you want to just
absolutely put it into the toilet water
and you're gonna let it sit for a couple
minutes okay and you're gonna see if you
know if you if it looks like everything
in there is being loosened up okay and
then you can use your judgement okay you
can try and flush it or you can add in
another step which is that if you have
water inside if you have room inside of
the toilet if there's enough water room
so right now excited this toilet there's
a lot of room I could add a lot of water
you want to turn on the hot water let it
heat up let the water get really hot and
you want to put as much of that hot
water into the toilet as you can this
hot water will work with either the
shampoo conditioner and liquid hand soap
or body wash to loosen everything up if
you don't have room for the water and
then unfortunately you can't do that if
it's already you know close to the top
but if you have room to add the hot
water then add the hot water and you
want to let it sit and just let it work
its magic and if you feel comfortable
okay you can try flushing it and
hopefully at that point the the clog is
gone and you can flush the toilet but if
it doesn't flush if you don't
comfortable flushing it yeah like if it
doesn't look like it's loosened up or if
it doesn't work when you try flushing it
then you're gonna have to go and try and
do it physically you're gonna have to
try and loosen it physically now what
you can do are two specific things that
you will find likely in the bathroom
first and foremost you can just get the
toilet scrubbing brush which is like
this thing right here and you can use
this so you can actually take this and
just try and use it to loosen up
whatever is in there you can also turn
it around you can use this handle of the
toilet scrubbing brush just to loosen it
up okay and remember if you're gonna use
the handle wash the handle after because
it you know you're using it in toilet
water and clogged toilet so you can use
the toilet brush to physically try and
loosen everything up or if there's
actually a garbage bag in the garbage
okay what you can do is you can actually
take the garbage bag wrap your hand in
the garbage bag and you can physically
get your hand and try and loosen
whatever it is that's clogging the
toilet up now I know it's gross but you
know what if you really want to unclog
the toilet then these are things that
you can do now there's no guarantee that
these things are going to work but I
will tell you that if you use all of
these things in conjunction with each
other if you use you know body wash
shampoo or conditioner or liquid hand
soap to loosen it up if use hot water to
work you know in conjunction with the
with the stuff that I just talked about
if use you know a toilet brush or a bag
around your hand a garbage bag around to
physically loosen it up there's a really
good chance that you'll be able to
loosen you know unclog the toilet and
loosen everything up without a plunger
you just have to use everything in
conjunction with each other you can use
only one of the things that I spoke
about but if you use them all together
it's going to give you the best chance
at success and that's basically it
in this video I have told you how to
unclog a toilet with a plunger I've
given you a few things that you can do
to give you the best chance at unclog in
the toilet for simple things number one
is use any of these products that you
see over here or anything like them to
loosen everything up number two is the
hot water number three is the toilet
scrubber and number four is the garbage
bag that you like
find in the garbage be sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it let me
know if this method worked for you in
the comment section down below and above
all please be sure to subscribe for more
great videos just like this one and
that's all I have for you today thanks
for watching