in today's video we're gonna teach you
how to collect fiddlehead ferns and cook
them up for a meal it's the middle of
May and Minnesota and underneath my
Colorado blue spruce we have our
blueberry patch and in the back of that
we have a row of fiddlehead ferns
growing first I'm going to teach you how
to properly identify a fiddlehead fern
as these grow they're going to turn into
ostrich ferns and they're going to reach
three to four feet tall and I'll show
you a picture of that right now
okay so once you come over here and I'll
show you the proper identification the
first thing to look for with the
fiddlehead fern is they they start
looking kind of like a little cane and
they wind up like this now the first
thing you want to look for the
fiddlehead fern is they have a brown
paper paper a material that easily moves
off okay
just like this and right here get a
close-up right here this brown paper
your material it easily pops off the
second thing you want to look at is that
there's a smooth section right here like
a zit girls there's no thorns or hairs
on it smooth yep stem and then the third
thing is that there's an indentation in
the groove get a close-up of that
see how it's indented in there that's
your third characteristic so it's got an
indentation it's nice and smooth and the
brown paper in material comes off you
want to clip these off by snapping them
just like this before they get to be
about eight to ten inches tall because
then they're gonna grow into the ferns
so you're gonna clip that off put that
in your bowl and what you want to do is
save a couple for the plant to grow
healthy and we'll pick a couple so we'll
go around and pick a few you see these
three right here are growing too tall so
let's just pick the smaller ones
okay now we have them in the house and
they're in this bowl here I'm going to
set some water in there and we'll soak
those and get all the little paper like
pieces off in any bugs that might be in
there a little bit now here's our three
ingredients fresh fiddlehead ferns all
cleaned off can see right here another
reason why it's called the fiddlehead
fern is because it resembles a top of a
fiddle how it curves around
and a pan with some butter and some
roasted garlic spice so I'm gonna just
put the fern down and then we'll give
that light sprinkle of garlic and let's
get those cooking yeah it's been about
10 or 15 minutes thirteen and and now
it's time to plate obviously the last
thing to do is do a taste test
and he's kind of like asparagus no
really good super good
alright let's taste these fresh
fiddlehead ferns from the garden
[Music]
way better than asparagus better than
Brussels sprouts amazing these are so
good thanks for watching