[Music]
squash now being fall squashes are
aplenty right now and they've been using
a lot of different things some things
you can do with these acorn squash is
you can roast them in the oven hole like
this or cut it in half put a little
butter and maple syrup on it
and you'll have a nice sweet buttery
buttery squash another thing we're going
to cut this in half now I'd be very
careful at this you I mean you can't
damage this thing so we're gonna cut
this in half and I'm going to show you
how thick the skin really is of this
this is just it's a beautiful fall
vegetable but I mean that look at that's
that's a tough piece of skin there it
also comes with seeds you always want to
clean the seeds out before you go too
far with it you can do a spoon scrape
them up and use your fingers like I'm
doing what you want to get them out now
what I do with what I clean out a lot of
these is I'll soak them in a little salt
water and put them on a sheet pan let
them dry out for a little bit I'll pop
them in the oven and it's like making
pumpkins keith's what squash seeds
aren't much different than that and it's
like a free little treat one thing you
can do with them too is once once if you
do toast them like that you can also
call them in sugar and put them on top
if you were to bake this and with some
honey or some raw if you were to bake
this and butter and maple syrup and you
could put the seeds on top for a garnish
to once they're roasted and sweetened so
we'll clean that out and I'll take my
boning knife here just to get this
all the way down a spoon we can't really
do that much on this because this is a
very very hard vegetable
summer squash spaghetti squash acorn
squash they're all they're all very
difficult and then just scrape til you
get to the meat
and scrape away from you don't scrape in
towards you because you could hurt
yourself always keep the knife away from
you when doing items like this okay
clean those seeds out of here we won't
be making sausage seeds today your board
down always keep a clean bore make
things go along a lot easier and as you
cut things as we've been cutting I've
been kind of putting them in a plate on
the side you don't want to clutter your
board and have your celery's here and
your carrots are here and your onions
here and your garlic so because then
you're out of room to cut so always have
a plate or some type of a tray that you
want to stage your vegetables on so that
they're not in your way at all times now
I'm just going to show you how tough
this is
these peelers aren't really that they
can do it but because of the
indentations that's not going to get it
all so what a lot of times what you're
going to have to do as you kind of like
square it off so I just kind of take my
parent of my boning knife and cut down
the sides
you don't want to take too much of the
meat off but you certainly don't want to
eat that peel once again always cut on a
flat surface and it takes a little bit
of time but good things don't always
come real fast then you see at this end
here we've got a fairly clean you can
hear just how tough this water really is
now I'm gonna get it all the way clean
because I'm I don't want to have any any
part what's up so your French knife
won't won't be able to do that because
if that's too much ground to cover
you're gonna end up looking like a golf
ball so it's how you would clean it now
there's all different types of cuts we
can do to this we know large dice we can
do small dice
one thing you can do to be sir okay now
now that we have it totally clean you
can cut it into little like half moons
if you want to call it like that and you
can roast these in the oven this way you
could also do a dice on it with the way
I would dice it is to cut it like that
and then I lay it on a flat surface
and I said this would be this size would
be for soup so only pretty much because
is a pretty Hardy vegetable and you want
to eat it want to have a nice nice
pieces for it so this is a good cut for
leaking you can feel it but kind of kind
of flat surface you can hear the
pressure that you have to put in that's
why you have a sharp knife not a dull
knife and that's one way that you can
work with the acorn squash now if
something like this what I would like to
do with this is toss in a little butter
maybe just a touch of brown sugar and
cinnamon a little maple syrup bake it in
the oven until it comes out soft to the
touch and this size probably be about
twenty minutes now if you were to wanted
to roast them whole you could roast it
like whole like this but it'd take a lot
of time because of the size so put on
this flat side and cut it and you can do
it in quarters and here's where you
would put in your syrup and butter and a
little bit of seasoning on the side pop
them in the oven and these would
probably take you about 45 minutes or so
[Music]