hello one month ago I transplanted 11
very old seedlings into this 10 inch pot
these are them now poking over the top I
want to check this off shortly and let
you have a look at them it's just a
piece of packaging material really held
in place by a few sticks there is no put
that in in place is because it's been so
windy this last month it's really has
been windy lots of rayon and I'm feeling
these brittle seedlings would have
probably been blown out of this pot it's
been that windy so this is just some
protection but you know my favorite
protector a cut-off pop bottles but
there's no where we're going to get 11
cutoff pop bottles in a 10 inch public
and get 14 so we use this piece of
material and I'm going to take it off
with one have a look at three is very
true so they've been in this pot a month
now sinter transplanting them but what
I'll do is I'll I'll pop some video in
now yet it shows you very planting
varies blue drought and there isn't why
I chose 11 and why they're actually in
the pot then come back domain will take
this will take its material off we'll
have a look at them
[Applause]
these are the germinated beetroot
versed's
but haven't actually made it into the
dares bed
there's no room in theirs bed so I'm
going to do is going to plant them in
this 10 inch pot now previously I've
actually grown 10 beetroot in a 10 inch
pot sounded a nice figure 10 vitro 10
inch pot 10 litres of compost now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to use all
of these so don't tell me that is so
we'll take them out would say what we've
got and one way or another we'll get
them all into this pot okay and I think
this is a booty root core while annoyed
easy to be drilled called perfect 3
community all-star wins that Tamia where
the young birds are starting to fly
about lost count
has anybody kept count count these in a
minute walk here let's see what we've
got it
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven well one more than last
year right let's see if it'll be equally
spear these eleven be drilled seedlings
in this pot okay we'll just move the
seedlings off the top of the pot and
then we'll try and map the pot out so at
every seedling it's roughly the same
amount of pot to growing
how's that sound walk here alright
it's going to do a quick check on those
seedlings again one two three four five
six seven eight nine and eleven yet
eleven pebbles one two
how's that look what do you think you
can get a boudreaux peon on every one of
those stations each grade route has got
the same amount of room in this pot I'd
let's do it come on let's do it
Emily Bernthal walk this morning with
Molly with a good walk with our local
farm lawn ins didn't we sway down you
know we did where yeah we had a good
walk right don't load them bootleg
seedlings Molly
just these two to go and then that will
be it in fender ball he asks why 11 when
we tell them good idea because it was 11
left over that could have went for 10 go
to went for six could win for eight
could went for anything but anything
less than 11 though meant war Freund
seedlings aware that have germinated and
looked as the other want to make a
breakthrough
so all 11 that will left the finish up
in this pot and I guess in a few months
time we'll we'll see how the Gua okay
but with all that we will take another
look at these in a couple of weeks time
Justin or by the way let's move water
income just just to make sure that
[Music]
nothing's gone wrong and that all that
live all actually gotta wear but it
wouldn't be a disaster would it if I
lost a few of these because 11 is a lot
for the 10 inch box you know so if we
lost any that will be
more space for the remaining burger
wouldn't it so why not tell bond of if
we do low soon but I'd really like to
get them all across the finish line okay
oh and more Hello Molly's widows now
come this way dad
good girl haha that's Molly
hey calm down dream also if we can get
the face on the camera come here come
here come closer good girl look at the
camera there the middle of Molly's on
she's not a bad roll over so there's not
much effort her side I doubt whether
she'll scare very long walk here so he
saw that first two per video 11 in a
because there is 11 left over what we're
going to do with them tell you what
we're going to do we don't want to plant
them in a pot we're going to throw them
out and so let's say what we've got
after the month let's take this off on
this boot look what are the Molly what
are these be drilled perfect three what
we see is the perfect today
now then we'll I hope the door I'll fall
over now stick and this protection off
that's their overlooking if I tip this
forward I don't know that it'll make it
any better for the camera but that's not
but I'm going to count them as best I
can one two three four five six seven I
think I can count 11 it possibly can't
say that yourselves but I think I can
count 11 and the looking good but I'll
starting to swallow at the bottom
[Music]
there's no damage to the foliage see
it's a little quite Elfi so I'll be with
this so carry on I think what I'll do
but I think I will
I will pop this back on because as you
can see these guys are wanting to fall
all out now not just put extra strain on
the beetroot itself just wants to pull
it out of the ground so we'll put this
back on and we'll have another look at
them later on in the growing season okay
this is on Grove edge signing out my
light come out of there white come out
cool girl