hey guys how's it going laura with
garden answer i'm out here at our
vegetable garden this morning getting
ready to do the next thing to make this
area even more pretty and i'm really
excited about this because it's
something i've been dreaming about since
the very beginning of planning out this
area so i'm planting a hedge of sweet
romance lavender on either side of the
opening right along our black picket
fence i think it's going to be
absolutely gorgeous because lavender
provides season long color starts
blooming about mid to late may and then
blooms all the way through frost i also
think it's a good choice to put right
next to a vegetable garden because it
attracts pollinators like crazy
honeybees and butterflies and the more
pollinators we can get over to our
vegetables the better harvest we'll have
it also stays fairly small this variety
so i think it's a good option because
let me explain this area so right in
front of me this gravel area is actually
driveway so i knew whatever i chose was
going to have to stay fairly narrow so
that i didn't neck down this area so
what i want to do is grab one of these
and move into a shadier spot so we can
go over the details all right this is so
much more comfortable in the shade so
i'm not squinting at you guys the whole
time so like i said this sweet romance
lavender doesn't get super big it only
grows about 12 to 18 inches tall and
wide which i think is perfect for that
location because it'll only grow up the
fence a little bit so i'll still be able
to see the detail of the black picket
and you know i had originally thought of
planting a bunch of vines and climbing
roses all over that picket fence but i
love just to look at that fence so much
that you know maybe years down the road
i'll end up planting some other things
but i think this is perfect because
it'll add a softness add some color
without blocking my whole view of the
fence
it also is super fragrant i mean that's
one of the best parts right of growing
lavender the the fragrance of the
flowers and the foliage is just crazy
intense and then you can imagine how
much more fragrant it will smell to have
that many planted in a row i'm really
looking forward to that and i think i
might have forgotten to mention the most
important thing and that's that lavender
prefers full sun which it will be
getting in the area where i'm putting it
i've got a lot of these to plant what
we're going to do because it's already
graveled in that area we're going to
take a rake and just rake back the
gravel we're going to run some drip
tubing right behind where these are
going to be planted that's how these
will be watered they'll be hooked into
our sprinkler system so they'll get
consistent water when we feel like they
need it and then when everything's done
and they're all in the ground we'll put
the gravel right back around them which
they should do really well being in full
sun even with the gravel and that heat
because they are heat and drought
tolerant as well so i'm gonna grab aaron
and we're gonna go dig some holes
[Music]
all right we got all of them in the
ground we actually took a little break
afterward because it was pretty warm out
here but it went a lot faster than i
thought it was going to because aaron
went and dug all the holes while i
followed him and planted all the
lavender so we were able just to move
right down the line quick so like i said
we took a rake and we ripped the gravel
away from the area where we were
planting then we planted everything and
then we came in with drip tubing and ran
it right behind all the lavender you can
see it in this space right here
i need to bring in a little bit more
gravel to cover over it was a little
shallow in this spot um but right here
we had to go underground with the drip
tubing because the water access is right
over there so we went ahead and dug a
little trench and ran the drip tubing in
a piece of pvc pipe to keep it safe from
crimping or crushing when we're taking
carts in and out let me show you where
the water access is over here
so this right here is where we're
accessing the water for the lavender
there's a faucet right here so we came
with a little piece of hose and then a
timer and then we actually the two pots
that i was right up by just now we
hooked those up on drip as well and then
we will be hooking the actual drip
tubing for the lavender up as soon as we
get the correct part but it's really
nice because we can set the timer for
both of these sides independently and we
can run them how often however often we
need to for example we might be running
the lavender maybe once or twice a week
in the hottest part of the summer but
the containers during the hottest part
of the summer we're going to want to run
every day
so it's nice that we can run them
independently so the poly tubing just
runs right along the garden space here
and then i put an elbow in and then it
takes off down the backside of the
lavender so that's it you guys i hope
you enjoyed this video this lavender is
actually not in full bloom yet it's just
butted up so i thought it was a really
good time to get it in the ground so we
will be updating you on this area as
soon as it's in full color i'm really
excited i'm excited to show you guys and
thank you so much for watching this
video and we will see you in the next
one bye
[Music]