so do lobsters and crab feel pain that's
always that's a question that I always
want to know honestly because I growing
up as a little boy um in
Florida what we would do is we would go
down to the ocean or the pier and we
would buy live crabs my mom loved we did
every six months or so once a year
depending upon the time right we would
go down and we'd buy live Blue Crabs
right off the boat and you would put
them in a little styrofoam cooler in a
bag and you put them in your trunk and
the whole time they're in trunk you can
hear them like rattling in the back
trying to come out the bag and then when
we got them home we would wash
them and then we would put them alive in
like a big cauldron pot and sort of boil
and you know cook them down and from
time to time every now and then you
would see the crab jump out the pot and
run around try to get itself free and I
always wondered do crabs really feel
pain well a new study indicates that
there that yes indeed they might feel
some pain um and how they tested they
tested on hermac crabs and what they did
was they sort of um gave them brief
Electra electric shocks all right and as
they kept giving them these shocks um it
would rub at the spots for you would see
the hermer crab rub at the spot for an
intend for you know a short period of
time they' rub against a spot meaning
that they're feeling something there or
there there is indeed evidence of a
clear involved central nervous system
meaning that every time you grill that
Lobster or you boil that
crab you could indeed you could indeed
America
you could
indeed be causing it some pain so think
about that next time you do it just
think about what pain that lobster crab
went through as you enjoy its delicious
meat I actually like crabs a lot and I'm
so happy not today but as we're getting
closer and closer and closer and closer
to Summer and I cannot wait to go to
like the crab Feast oh love those but
hopefully my crabs aren't feeling too
much
pain y
[Applause]
[Music]