hey what is up folks zero fats here
coming at you on behalf of nutribullet
time and today we're asking the big
question can the nutribullet grind
coffee beans okay we're gonna be using
milling blade for this one okay and
honestly folks I'm taking one for the
team here cuz I don't even drink coffee
but that's okay I want to answer this
question I want to figure it out can it
grind coffee beans I don't really know
I'm guessing it kind of can cuz I saw it
like you know just pulverized some rice
the other day so I'm guessing the second
how your problem with these coffee beans
but I don't really drink coffee so what
us answer this question I'll give it to
my mom it's not a big deal but I got
here some French Rose vanilla coffee
beans we're gonna see we're gonna use
the small cup for this one like I said a
milling blade so we're going to just put
this on here like so and like I said I
don't if you guys can see that those are
the stray coffee beans now we're gonna
see what the nutribullet can do when it
comes to turning this into ground coffee
so let's see what happens here
so I don't know if you guys can see that
well not sure how well that camera is
picking that up but it's a very nice
actually just a nice nice ground-up
coffee man just just like you would do
at the store it's just great so yet
another use we fought for the
nutribullet no beans leftover no course
chunks of beans at all just a real nice
fine powdery coffee coffee ground coffee
smells really good it smells like french
vanilla so that's good but I can't drink
it ever since I have my gallbladder
taken out I can't drink caffeine man but
uh yeah man if you were thinking about
getting a nutribullet just understand I
now know that it can grind up rice turn
it into rice flour it can grind up
oatmeal turn into oatmeal flour it
doesn't do so good on ice but it does
great on coffee beans so a lot of uses
for this little machine very versatile
we're gonna be doing some more videos on
different things this this machine can
do I got to tell you guys it's far
exceeded my expectations but yeah I got
a link in my description takes you to a
Mazon right to the nutribullet page if
you're interested in buying it yeah I
think I get like a $4 Commission on that
if you buy it cuz I'm gonna affiliate
with Amazon but I'll tell you the truth
folks I don't affiliate with products I
don't believe in that's just how it is
if I think it sucks I don't want
anything to do with it this machine
right here hopefully I'm proven to you
that this machine does not suck this is
a great piece of machinery like I said
it comes with like a 15 month warranty I
had no trouble with this thing it's been
great for me I love it it can do a lot
of different things so anyway so if
you're interested in buying a man go
pick one up and uh I promise you're not
gonna be disappointed
it's about a hundred bucks it's the way
cheaper than a Vitamix and they can do a
lot of stuff that's grinding up the
coffee is it's just nothing this they
can do so much you're gonna love it
anyway hope this videos been helpful to
you guys I'll see you guys next time
nutribullet on peace