hello this is Azrael and today I'm going
to be talking quickly about a tradition
here in the United States and basically
well worldwide but in the United States
it got its start from down south you see
me and my wife went down south to the uh
Hilton Head and Charleston on a uh a day
trip and I've noticed a couple of bottle
trees sitting in people's yars and
Gardens most people associate this with
uh tacky garden art or uh some kind of
ingenious Modern Art however these trees
uh got their start originally with uh
folk magic well first off uh glass since
its invention uh back uh 3,500 years ago
glass has always been associated with uh
some form of magic tradition but when
Hollow glass bottles started appearing
in Egypt roughly around 1,600 years ago
uh the concept that Spirits could be
trapped in them or live in them started
taking root alongside that Spirits can
live in lamps for example but at least
here in the United States these glass
bottles uh got their start from African
folk magic you see African slaves
brought this custom over to the United
States and what they would basically
believed was is that they would decorate
these trees in their front yards or in
their Gardens to uh help uh keep bad
spirits away they belied that good
spirits could come in the bottles and uh
hang out for a little while but they
believed evil spirits got trapped at
night and then when the sun came up they
were destroyed now of course I don't
believe that you can destroy a spirit
but I do believe you can bind them there
with magic I I do believe you can
destroy and banish negative energy but
of course my personal belief has nothing
to do with uh the origins of this
tradition also uh some some uh people
would take these bottles put a cork in
it to trap the Spirit uh because they
might have had the same concept that you
can't destroy a Spirit uh but put that
cork in it throw it down the river and
have the river wash this evil entity
away but just as much as they uh brought
uh good luck by keeping evil spirits out
they also believed that uh beneficial
Spirits had the ability to go into the
bottles and bless the house because
that's where they lived and but and they
could leave the bottle at any time they
wanted but anyways uh I just wanted to
give this little tradition out there
because most people do not know that
this this gardening uh craze with the
bottles and The Yards actually has Pagan
roots and now you know thank you for
listening