so James I get I keep hearing this word
flambe what what the hell does flambe
mean it sounds like a gay Flamingo no
it's actually a French word uh oh so a
French gay Flamingo no it's a it's a
cooking term and that's describing when
you add uh some type of alcohol to a
really hot pan it's going to set it on
fire wow it's fire fire I like fire I'm
sure there's a right and a wrong way to
do that though I could end
pretty badly it could if you don't do it
properly and that's why we're going to
show you how to and how not to properly
flamb Bay so first how not
to now how to so when you're cooking you
know sometimes you can add alcohol to a
dish nice touch is always flambeing it
where you know you can set it on fire
yeah it's always good to add something
uh wine rum whatever works for the
recipe you're using and you can uh light
that puppy on fire and it takes your
dish to a a whole another level whole
another level up here you can't even see
it those are the best dishes best levels
of dishes yes can't wait for that so now
we're going to show you just how you go
about throwing some alcohol in a pan and
lighten that alcohol on fire
holy