hello it's Laurie from passionate penny
pincher and if you watched me just a
second ago I kind of had a brain stumble
so we're starting over again this
morning today we are making money buddy
Chex Mix if you've not made this one
before it is one that we absolutely love
it is so super yummy super easy to make
and if your families like mine you're
gonna be lucky to be able to give it
away as gifts I also want to talk about
some super easy ways to give gifts on a
budget and super where you can get
inexpensive packing supplies in my
favorite one so I'm gonna tell you those
first and then we'll start the recipe
okay these are my new favorite thing
y'all see these these come for two a
pack and bags like this at michaels they
are I think 229 there is a 25% off sale
on them this week so it makes them like
188 they're the nicest dirtiest little
bags like I just love them so that's a
great way to package some gifts if you
want it the Dollar Tree also has these
they come impact they're eight highs
packs to a bag and that makes so they're
a dollar so it makes them like twelve
cents each it's super super cheap
definitely a great way if you want to
make just inexpensive things to give to
other people I also love these Dollar
Tree 10 tins how cute are those guys for
a dollar so those yeah I think those are
darling and the Dollar Tree also had
these buckets which I think are so
stinking cute so those are all a dollar
and this is what I'm actually going to
use for today when I packaged it up
these buckets y'all see these these for
a dollar at the dollar tree
how cute are those aren't just great so
as you're hopping on I see some folks
hopping on good morning Christine so
glad you're here if y'all can give me
some hearts and some likes I would love
that if you can share with me where you
are from and what is the one tree that
you have to make it Christmas to just
absolutely feel like it's Christmastime
I'd love to hear that I also love for
you to share these folks with other
people and when you download the list if
you click the link above they can get
our completely free recipe guide for
everything we're making thanks for the
hearts and the likes good morning hi
Cindy hi
Lauria so glad to see you guys on this
morning so they can download this
entirely free cookbook many playing
grocery lists the best part about this
grocery list is I went to the store and
it is so well organized that my friend
Cheryl didn't I can't say I did it she
did an amazing job she put it together
so that you walk through the store and
like in 20 minutes you buy everything
you need for all of Christmas baking
completely and it costs like eighty
dollars and it's making like twelve
recipes and it's fantastic
so definitely download that and when you
get that you'll also get this Christmas
made easy cookbook okay so I know you
guys really want to make the recipe
right thank you guys so glad to see
y'all on this one kind of : Patti so
good to see you okay so the other
favorite things I love these from the
Dollar Tree I also love these at
Michael's I have one more of them here
we go these were from Michaels these are
a dollar at Michaels right now even
without any sale or coupon so I think
those are super cute so if you're
looking for ways to package things there
we go
okay so let's start making money buddy
Chex Mix first you need a box of 12 I
use this it will work as a 12 ounce box
of rice or corn Chex so you're gonna add
that into a big huge bowl then you need
a cup and some what have Nestle more so
you need a cup of those you need 1/2 a
cup of creamy peanut butter and you also
need a quarter cup of butter and you're
gonna mix all of that together in the
microwave for minutes then you'll stir
it up give it another 30 seconds and
then you're just can pour it over your
Chex Mix so I'm hoping y'all can see
yesterday I know lots of folks couldn't
see stuff so I'm hoping this works
better now because this is really really
really a gooey I like to kind of do it
in batches because if you just mix this
all in you're gonna end up with a bunch
of chocolate on top and nothing at the
bottom so we're just gonna slowly add
this in
so again all this is a cup but Nestle
semi-sweet morsels a half of half of
peanut butter and a quarter cup of
butter along with a box of chex mix I'm
sorry about subtext cereal I know Cheryl
somebody who said they are hungry let me
tell you um this is what I have for
breakfast this morning cuz you know I
had to make one first to make sure it
really works cuz I'm here for you and we
let up suffering for a cause over here
in our house so let me just tell you the
passionate penny-pincher family is
having nothing but desert this month
because we doubled everything so that I
could make it ahead and have it make
sure that I knew what I was doing um so
yeah we've got lots of chocolate going
on in our house Chris Burke Hansy see
see what else you guys make whatever
code what other recipes do you guys make
that you like the most I'd love to hear
okay so we've got this good in certain
air do see that can y'all guess I can do
that and then y'all can see it better
does that help okay the thing is you
want to be really gentle with it because
you don't want to crunch up all of your
chicks mix okay so now you're going to
typically what I would do is I would put
this into a big plastic bag but because
I don't have a big plastic bag I'm just
gonna pop it into my aluminum this so I
can't have certain around me here and
I'm actually gonna I can't stand to see
this light go to waste so okay
okay so you got this all mixed in and
you're gonna put it either really the
best thing you can put it into a plastic
bag like I said we're we're making you
this morning because I'm out of large
plastic bag so what we got okay so once
this is all in here oh my gosh this is
so good like if you could I wish you
could be at my house and just smell this
yummy peanut butter chocolate like this
it's just so so good okay so now what
we're gonna do is we're gonna take and
we're gonna put on one and a half cups
of powdered sugar and because we did
this the other night it is so much
easier guys if you have a big plastic
bag I can't believe I forgot to your
class today but yeah you have a plastic
bag that's the best because then you
just shake it around this is not nearly
as convenient but you got to work with
what you brought you got and I didn't
have time to store this morning so
here's what you do okay you're just
gonna mix this around keep mixing and
you really don't want to crush up the
checks which is so much easier to do
when you have a plastic bag and all of
you guys are saying yesterday some of
you guys had a grocery list for me I
need I think I needed what was I short
on oregano honey so I need a regular hug
me and plastic bags now that's what we
need here at our house okay so you're
just gonna mix this until it's all kind
of mixed together and after you get to
fiddle with it enough it looks like this
okay y'all look how yummy and sweet
y'all the see the yumminess right there
doesn't that look amazing
Oh a paper sack barb that's a great idea
I never thought about that that's a
great idea yeah okay so here it is
awesome super simple all you need is
corn Chex a box corn Chex a cup of
semi-sweet chocolate morsels some butter
some vanilla and some powdered sugar so
super super easy real quickly as y'all
are hopping on just so you know if you
will go to the link above you can
download this recipe as well as our
other favorite 12 recipes of the month
and you can get your grocery list it's
gonna make your life super easy you will
also get
I am loving this this Christmas made
easy I know that's backwards but it's a
super simple guide on how to put all of
your Christmas stuff together all of
your grocery lists everything you need
is in this list so if you just I get to
slip on this and you were gonna get it
for you also its orangey let's go today
I've hopped on this morning the best
deal I see right now is there is a $10
off 50 Black & Decker code over at
Amazon and you can get a crazy price on
a toaster oven and a crock pot you can
get a toaster oven and the crock pot for
like $45 right now so head on over to
passionate penny pincher we will share
with deals with you guys all day long I
hope you guys have the best day let me
know what you're makin and I will talk
to y'all tomorrow have a great morning
see ya