hello this is Nico with food cravings
from chef Nico calm today we're making
table and we're gonna start with a bowl
of plucked fresh Italian flat-leaf
parsley fine bulgur wheat and number 1/2
a lemon wedge and fresh mint next we're
going to soak the bulgur wheat until
it's absorbed water and s plumped up in
a food processor dump the pluck our slee
now we're going to add Sushma and some
dried mint and we're going to pulse our
parsley mature in the food processor now
we're going to go ahead and chop the
mixture entirely at full speed add it to
the b-word we should count on to the
next step next we're going to add a
tomato with its seeds removed
slice it and then dice it and dump it in
now we're going to chop an onion and
then give it a quick dice and add that
to the bowl once that's in we're gonna
take our mint stack your leaves on top
of each other as seen roll it in really
tight give it a quick slice chiffon up
and dump it in and we'll add our smash
the dried mint some salt and some lemon
juice stirring well to combine
once the ingredients have been all well
combined it is time to serve throughout
the world table is traditionally served
on romaine lettuce what you do is you
take a couple of tablespoons or a few
teaspoons to your desired amount and you
place it on each lettuce leaf then you
roll once you roll it's ready to eat one
of the ways I like to enjoy this is by
placing it in Arabic bread along with
some feta cheese tucking it in rolling
and taking a bite
man that's money baby I really hope
you've enjoyed the stop of the recipe
for this and more recipes don't forget
to visit www.gfi.com/webmonitor
Thank You joy
[Music]
you