milene hall and bowling center for this
week's PWB a bowling tip there are many
wristbands and gloves on the market
today but which one is best suited for
your game nine year veteran Kim Adler
has a couple of suggestions that might
help there are several reasons why you
would like to choose a glove to improve
your bowling score one of the reasons is
to keep a firm wrist this will give you
a very consistent release another type
of glove will allow you to keep your
fingers very stable this one has an
extended finger support so that your
fingers will not allowed to be flexed
back through the release another type of
glove you want to look for is something
very durable and it allows your hand to
be in a fixed position and this is good
if your hand to sent through a previous
injury last but not least you want a
glove possibly so that you can keep your
hand in five or six different types of
positions with the same glove that will
allow you to roll the ball differently
this particular glove
go allow your hands to be in a cup
position
and allow your hand to be in a broken
back position and these two types of
roles will be beneficial to you on the
lathe so go to your local Pro Shop and
decide with a pro shop operator which
glove is best for you proper equipment
is helped can become one of the most
successful players on tour and choosing
the right equipment will help you attain
higher scores and have more fun on the
lanes join us again next week for
another helpful PWB a bowling tip