[Music]
recently on S with Nancy I interviewed
Rachel O'Neal a woman with a big heart
for little girls in Africa she began the
little dresses for Africa Ministry
encouraging those of us who sew to make
simple dresses for the often neglected
little girls in Africa the S with Nancy
team modified Rachel's instructions
using yardage instead of pillowcases to
create adorable sundresses our hope is
that you'll make two dresses giving one
to someone you love and sending the
other dress to ny's Notions we'll then
forward all the dresses we receive to
Africa to benefit Rachel's Ministry on
the sewing with Nancy website you can
print out the instructions tells the
yardage you'll need little cutouts for
the armhole shapes the yardage from 34s
to an yard will make most of the sizes
Rick rack prepackage buys tap
and some elastic are the supplies and
tools that you'll need so cut out the
yardage accordingly to the directions
with size you'd like to make and then
sew the first seam together one long
seam and that's going to be after it's
been sewn it's going to be
centered at the back and pressed open
the first step is a lot of pressing
press under the Hem by a fourth of an
inch and
then two inches so that you have a
double hem or a double area at the top
or you could surge this Edge for a fast
pressing for the 2-in Hem just use a DRZ
hem gauge and align the folded Edge to
the 2in mark and press really quick
along the neckline and armhole you'll
also be doing some pressing and trimming
the templates that you cut out earlier
are now going to be used to trim and
we've already done the trimming and the
template for the medium size would be
placed along the fold you'd cut out flip
it over to the other side and also do
the same cutting the elastic at the top
needs a casing again some pre-pressing
is needed fold under a four of an inch
along the top and then a half of an inch
again use your gauge for accurate
measurement do the same at the back and
for allowing that Bodkin to go through
very simply trim away the seam Malon at
the seam press under a fourth of an inch
and then a half of an inch and top
Stitch along the fold on this particular
dress we have the top Stitch created
along the edge and then we're going to
put place the elastic in this
area on the instructions you'll find the
size of the elastic to create rather
than cutting the elastic I just like to
mark it on the elastic this is 7 in for
the size medium and then place it
through the casing that way you can you
don't have to worry about losing the end
you can just after threading it through
then securely pin or Stitch and then cut
off the elastic before sewing the bias
tape around the edge you might want to
consider adding a trim to the Hem we've
already top Stitch the Hem into place
but our sample shows some Rick wck
around the edge here's a closeup of
stitching overlapping the Rick rack
along the Stitch line and just top
stitching it into place it's a simple
embellishment to add finally add the
bias tape around the
edges you're going to cut the bias tape
into two lengths and you'll get the
lengths on the pattern and find the
center point of the bias tape and I'm
just finger pressing it and you'll find
with pre-made bias tape that one side is
just slightly narrower than the other I
like to stitch the narrower side on
first this is my center point and I
would unfold it so that I'm going to be
stitching in The Well of the seam where
it has been
pressed I would align the center of the
bias tape with the underarm area and
match the areas after matching the cut
edges just pin around the
edges here's a closeup of stitching in
the ditch The Well of the Pressed bias
tape
seam after you've stitched in that curve
area the next step is to wrap wrap the
bias tape around the
edge to finish all the edges and then
Edge Stitch and here you can see Edge
stitching after Edge stitching also
Stitch the bias tape closed that's going
to be used to tie the dresses
together and here's a closeup of our
finished little dress simple to make and
fun for little girls to wear find the
fabrics and supplies you need to sew
these little addresses at ny's Notions
order your supplies today for the free
project instructions visit creative
kindness.com