hey guys so today we're gonna do a hot
pot so I figured I'd share with you how
we do hot pot at home so for those of
you who don't know what hot pot is hot
pot is a Chinese or an Asian type of
fondue where you cook your food in a
broth and it's typically Finley sliced
meat vegetables stuff like tofu fish it
could be all kinds of different things
they even have stuff like spam or
luncheon meat that people like to cook
in it wontons anything that you can
imagine so anyways I'm gonna share what
we do at home you can do this out at a
restaurant as well and it's really fun
it's very communal its tasty and savory
it's just really really great I really
really like it so at home what I use is
I have this pot here that's in shape
from the yin and the yang and you can
have half a hot like a spicy broth and
then a half just like you know normal
mild broth and that way people can pick
and choose which one they like and
people don't like spice they can use the
other one so it's a very communal meal
and sharing and people can cook whatever
they want in it as well all right so I'm
gonna prepare this and then just have a
meal all right let's get to it all right
so for hotpot I've already showed you
the pot to use this one here which looks
like the yin and a yang half-and-half
[Music]
the seasoning so the soup base I like
using this type here there's all kinds
you could use this one is little sheep
by the little sheep guy here and it's
actually called a little sheep and
incidentally this is actually a
franchise around the world I've had it
overseas in Japan I've had it in Toronto
Ottawa if you see this this sheep symbol
for hotpot that's that
hot-hot-hot franchise and it's really
good I really like it so anyways you can
have it at home they sell the seasoning
so this'll be the incidentally the hot
one but then there's also this one here
this is the plain soup base I'm not
quite sure what the plain one is I think
it might be pork based not sure but
anyways the ingredients well don't look
at the ingredients basically it's mostly
motor monosodium glutamate glutamate MSG
so but anyways don't fear the MSG and
hey I'm not eating this for health I'm
eating it for taste so we got the two
types so this is why the half-and-half
and there's also other types of soup
bases like I got this one here to try
this is another type but today I'm gonna
use the little sheep but this is a dial
on Yi hot pot seasoning sent me saw a
compound seasoning yeah anyways let the
world fall in love with Shin do so this
one is a little bit more I think more
room china type of clock pot the hot box
found all around with China and other
Asian countries okay so we have water in
here we have a little bit of oil already
because I already started but I'm gonna
show you what else goes in it so this
package here isn't open but I got one
already open
so do the soup base first I'm gonna
throw a slice of ginger in each one I'm
gonna throw maybe I don't know maybe six
or seven cloves of garlic on one side I
do the same on the other side and then
in the seasoning package we have a few
things we have these hot chilies I
believe would this is the spicy one then
open this guy up
this side spicy so I'm gonna have about
half of it because I usually split one
of these packages into two servings so
because then I have playing on one side
and spicy on the other side comes with a
pack of hot oil so I'll add that here in
a second and some black beans in this
incidentally I'm gonna split the package
between the two because the plain one
comes with it as well and then I'm gonna
put the spicy seasoning in it I'm gonna
split this one in about half
[Music]
[Music]
on this side I already added the oil and
then for the plain side so I'm going to
open flame package up and I about half
of that this stuff is super salted so
you don't need a lot of it and this one
comes with these little red goji berries
I think they call them or some type of
very easily little red things here so I
find the spicy mixture isn't quite spicy
enough so I like adding a couple more
chilies to it these are some Birds Eye
chilies tide Birds Eye chilies I just
like cutting them and just adding them
right in
and the last thing to add is some
scallions I'm just going to chop a bit
into it so over here we have the
induction cooker I used to use a butane
little butane camping stove but this
works much better
[Music]
these are mini chicken and cilantro
wontons from of all places Costco and
then you can buy this pre-cut shade meat
that's nice and round
nice little rolls from say an Asian
grocery look around and you can buy
don't buy the cheap kwon-do meat from
the grocery store that stuff's no good
that stuff's crap get the good stuff
this stuff here this is beef and then
this stuff here is lamb so we're going
to dish that up and we're gonna eat okay
let's do a run over what we got on the
table this here is watercress this here
is Yu choy or also called choy some this
is Shanghai no this is regular baby bok
choy we've got some beef hotpot
obviously I have a ramen noodle thingy
and I'm gonna cook in it in the soup
silken tofu this is lamb cilantro
chicken Costco wontons
of all things this is what is this
iceberg lettuce this is Chinese broccoli
also called gai lan and this here is
shanghai bok choy okay let's eat
baby
dinner's ready I'm ready to eat
[Music]
alright I'm stuffed and that's how you
do hotpot at home so you didn't alright
Java alright bye
[Music]