hi this is part 2 the 907 99 instruction
on slicing and making julienne cuts and
Serena cuts first back to the innovative
dial here we'll turn press n turn
clockwise to reveal the 2 millimeter
blade we'll take a potato here and we'll
make some julienne cut so you can see
quickly slicing these well now press
make pendulum paper cut once again see
beautiful french fry cuts right once
again and we'll press in and now we'll
get a to 1/2 inch cut all the way to the
paper good cuts this time around will
use a onion there put it on to our
safety holder and always try to use a
safety helper we'll go ahead like this
to make beautiful just like that it can
also make really paper-thin ended cuts
here she gets thinner and dimmer fully
adjustable from half inch to paper-thin
cut now we'll do some serrated cuts turn
the dial here tour
it shows the wavy line being a little
bit here you got this
go ahead there's a lever on the bottom
here so expose the serrated cut so we'll
go ahead take the serrated blade stick
up a little bit there go back to our
potato here right away and have ruffle
style there make a little bit thicker
you go here fasten these beautiful
ruffle spa potato chip or serrated cuts
down you can make the adjustment a
little bit thinner and what we'll do is
some kind of trick potatoes here we'll
go straight one way we'll turn around 90
degrees field right here then we'll make
rows
sorry Chris box rise here will be
see-through underneath Eric soul and at
the end we'll go ahead and flip this
down a little bit
change the style back to the park
position my plane
and there you have it