Kirt with sportsman's guide here on the
fence about home meet grinding you owe
it to yourself to take a fresh look at
our full line of guide gear electric
meat grinders we've got something for
everybody from the first timer up to the
pro no matter the model you pick you get
a winner
smooth dependable grinding all aluminum
parts you can run through the dishwasher
grinding plates from fine to coarse and
you always save big over what the other
guys are charging the guide gear 350
watt is our most affordable grinder the
small size means you can take it
anywhere from the kitchen to the shop to
the cabin it can sit on your countertop
without taking over in fact I keep mine
right next to my toaster under the hood
350 watt grinder can go through a pound
and a half of meat per minute about a
hundred pounds an hour that's a lot of
venison the next step up is the guide
gear 575 watt grinder with this you can
grind up to three pounds of meat per
minute so if you're starting out with a
bigger job this upgraded grinder gets
the job done in both the 350 watt and
the 575 watt grinder carry the same easy
to clean internal parts and adaptable
grinding plates to take the hassle out
of every processing job start your
do-it-yourself mission right hunting is
sometimes an all-or-nothing proposition
I remember the year I got my twelve
pointer that was the same year four of
my hunting buddies wound up with monster
bucks too if you've got a backlog of
meat and need to up your game take the
leap to the professional level guide
gear half horsepower Pro number eight
this grinder is a monster ready to put
meat on the menu for breakfast lunch and
dinner
butcher shop caliber grinding up to
eight pounds per minute and all
stainless steel housing to take a
beating and stay durable strong and
dependable for the long haul what you'll
love the most is the extra-large chute
forget all the picky prep work cutting
your venison in a tiny little Peas this
baby handles big chunks of meat without
a hiccup letting you get the job done
fast and your feet back up on the sofa
where they belong finally the reigning
king of our processing team is the
towering guide gear pro half horsepower
number twelve top of the line power same
stainless steel construction as the
number eight butcher quality results for
those monster processing jobs massive
grinding head and huge chute takes up to
six inch cubes weighs about 45 pounds
about as heavy as your pickup and stays
where you put it you'll get good results
from any of these machines easy to use
no one even grind no messy cleanup ready
to perform faithfully for years without
the pain in your pocketbook saves you
from paying out to your local processor
and keeps the control firmly in your
hands
check our reviews and see the great
things our customers have already done
with their grinders process your game
like a pro save your budget order yours
today