I did some measuring there and found out
that I'm going to I'm going to make this
one 30 in okay so I'm going to show you
how to measure this and Mark it okay so
I first I I make sure that I've got my
lip facing out here cuz it's going to
snap in like that and I'm going to make
30 in well on your first impression you
may think okay just measure over from
here 30 in well I I want I want this
right hand Edge
um to stay okay so I got to measure from
this side here so I got to pull my
tape from there and I'm going to measure
over 30 in and I don't want to measure
it on the surface because I'm going to
cut this with a skill saw on the back
side if I cut from the front side with a
skill saw it could rip this up okay so
that's the last thing I want to do so I
don't want to mark this on the front
Okay so I'm going to put my tape over
here 30 in I'm just going to Mark the
lip
okay now I can flip this up and I can
see that Mark and I can put a mark there
okay now I've got a square I put that on
there and just mark this like two times
or so I want to have it show up if you
mark it once sometimes it doesn't show
up too well and it starts ripping this
cuz this is that foam backing do you
remember so when I cut this off I'm just
going to flip this over like that and
cut that right there with the skill so
saw just a few things for you to
consider if you don't have a skill saw
that's okay you can cut this with a
Handa if you want but if you're going to
cut with a Handa you want to cut from
the front side if you cut with a jigsaw
you're going to want to cut from the
front side if you cut with a skill saw
you want to cut from the back if you're
cross cutting if you want to rip this
whole length you can cut it from the
front with a skill saw you're ripping
this way
okay but if you're doing cross Cuts you
always want to Mark and cut from the
back if you're using a skilla