[Music]
hey Foodies I have a great recipe for my
version of New York style cheesec skape
but it can be frustrating finding deep
cracks in your just baked beautiful
cheesecake so how do you prevent those
it's simple just use a water bath now
water baths Infuse moisture into the
oven and can also provide even and
gentle heating now larger cheesecakes
like classic New York style cheesecakes
tend to bake more unevenly so they are
more prone to cracking so you'll want to
place your spring form Pan the best kind
of pan for baking a cheesecake directly
into a water bath now first you want to
wrap that pan in foil now that's going
to make it watertight and then set it in
a large roasting pan filled with just
enough water to last throughout the
baking process if you have too much
water you could risk it overflowing onto
your cake now smaller cheesecakes like
those made in individual ramkin tend to
cook more evenly so you can use an
indirect water bath so just place a 9x13
baker filled half full with water on the
bottom rack of your oven and then place
your ramkin on a higher rack toward the
middle and then bake is directed with
both large and small cheesecakes try to
fight the temptation to stick a
toothpick or a knife into the center to
test for dness that's just another
reason that you'll cause some cracks in
the top of the cheesecake the middle of
the cheesecake should jiggle just a
little when you take it out of the oven
and as it rests it will continue to cook
and will then eventually firm up nicely
to find all of my recipes you'll want to
go to qbc.com and search David's recipes
including this great New York style
cheesecake