we have one digit access to our
conceptual fashion coders are it's been
increasing even across all the riders
all of you to elicit an apology today on
you to the hope that she's a very simple
tree a chicken discussion is as easy as
hay and B and AB see that justice or
lagana Center fashion school whatever
you want to achieve is that easy as a
and being a three so pretty good when I
keep this car transracial you see right
later and then how many and but those of
you that I'm not showing the classes you
meet in a world they have so many things
that we are wrapping in the world of
fashion so they just come over and
pursue their individual said I was lucky
few of you two words are you giving your
Bonanza when you come on website which
is also on Gaza we're going to get a
food accuser duck
well as I am sure notes the legs out
agile a class will be commenting on the
product of July so looking for you in
the class going to a pretty good and
great time being together in our online
class the leather strap is what we have
today one sort out this captain this is
where discussion becomes bigger than
this it becomes booking you know they go
called boo-boo these are African
traditional ways Carson is just a free
dress it's not a research rate but
nowadays we could have some personally I
don't want to defeat you they're bees
the doctor I don't want to be fitted a
bit yet you all turned out to do that if
they want to beat Italy before I want to
be wearing there is a little bit right
because they not like people and you
know routing preference or anything that
goes why it's pretty easy to actually
just like the African hero on Google and
what you
half just is it but when it's triggered
again you can have something we're
cutting football as a life these are all
applicants way it's very easy actually
this so what do you need you just need
your fabric the fabric this way there is
your measurement parameters measurements
answer for this particular traits are we
using both but 30 days with 30 for
abusing it's 40 of using downlink or
directly 61 then ask a lot then DAV
maybe it fits in your across that
between so it's pretty easy actually
this captain so that just happened what
you do you fold your fabric an important
point you have to take note of in
achieving your captain is that work the
end line must be 32 inches or 30 inches
doctor or unit the airline for your
concern the end line by the end liner in
the hand head is must be static 2 inches
hours or is multi-textured inches or
safety our end lines remember to be
setting soon as a front front panel and
that with you at the back panel that for
your captain or it all to be super got
into Jersey setting in front and sexy at
the back so that all receives your M
length of your caps and race so what do
you do now your phone
sunday the end of your fourth already is
that in line what will determine the
extent of your photos the M line so our
swatches sexy and I have much but we are
my n like to be sexy
so our fourth or 15 seconds of remember
that is the front piece this is from
Colonel sexy so forth from attractive
center of the front area so far this
horizontal to others by defective IQ so
their second guided by 2 Timothy things
other achieve both of these things
all you need is already in that Ilan so
I've gotten my NY which we see in cheese
the track length is 61 inches 51 inches
with standing in I'll make it
52 so with the dress length
I don't think she's so creepy visit
because here the cocktail is just like a
run back so I made sense it's this way
so that I love what's the process about
other things and because that may be the
same design and they opted out v-neck to
the front and also the back so I don't
make sure I move it moves oh man I do
not make it very easy afforded my
batteries these are false fold for the
front into tube like are now for duties
for the breast length or the garlic into
four holes
so what do we talk I want watching my
board achieve my boss my lifetime and
other other promises actually my voice
and then use my nipple point nipple
policies was a level clustering around
now make me eleven and a half inches I
draw my life is my boss line
but like then I come to my way some
persons we use their older breath I
don't use on the bottom since my
waistline about a weight at length is 17
nor so in Alliance is something inner up
so that's a waste going with going with
flight then go to your hips line its
line is usually between 25 so into 627
our regard each line for your dress you
just take this point
get your each line for your drag drop
they continue this way they get a point
of your hips and your explain you
feeling it's some outfit 7:26 just like
ISO quality of using we can fix for
short presses it will be 25 points for
our believe increases 6 so this video so
these are each line in 6 and then you
measure your it
and usually you have your word your
drink plain nice length I could reach
into one you want them to allele and
making it physical
yeah we're good to go
what do we do right now don't forget
your ample groundhog holes round down
hole for this video is a thin a thin and
to achieve your hand whole point you to
actually I'm going justice that half of
it at nine what you do all the paper
side and release it kinda half mm I
don't cause too much doubt so adults as
I kill my babies across that it says a
be fifteen Aquafit is seven and a half
so I'm adding up inch so in a land that
case then from this point I get my
eighth and a half from an ample rule it
achieving your thoughts and is very very
secret wickedness
go get a drink and you come out so easy
[Applause]
it's old news we have all this great
service because they're innocent your
bustline
remember the what we're using for this
video is sexy a 38 what I'm going to do
with that is this fabric is on four
holes
the front is into two pieces the back in
folded into pieces as for food so you
divide by your bust measurement by four
separate / 420 both nine and a half and
with this way up listen fellow this
manager for your cotton are you achieve
it you know it's a frigerator it's freed
ain't nothing there's nothing you don't
actually half inches to all these your
measurement parameters a part of the end
line that's already set in front and
texture but making sister so what you do
is just that what you actually the half
inches so all this work with it by so
doing when you actually asking tease it
already procedural and remember that's
one half inches with your both sides in
front one out on the right two on the
other left
that's right into the last at the path
to that already 10 inches so when you
sew on one one inch you're going to have
like six inches a large length and by
that rope your your dress to the three
so it's already your capsule you don't
need any differing
to get this one so three approaches but
for people that like it's fitted but
every pilot has wearing it the
production three inches what is that
like to build three and half inches so I
don't that like to an allergy others are
taking to my sewing lands and having
other is also on like average or working
today or three to degree the weight is
safety for 34 divided by four give us
eight and a half eight and a half
we understand our issues or Afghan
forces then defeat the it is 40 40
divided by 4
he was said and we have a thread a half
inches
the white creatures were left of the
line
we enjoyed
captain is ready so boycott our dog
achieve your neckline as you can see
from deep just just that I'm using a
v-neck and you need a connect I'm going
to use three and a half on the across
back by seven three and a half by seven
three and a half by seven you could use
for go order about it depends on our
wise you want it to be you just measure
you we have measurement video selfie
coming up very soon on Ultima job
properly you just measure the neckline
you want to achieve then you achieve it
so for this box elaborate of using tree
and a half by seven so the seven will
bit this way but if you want it slightly
this way instead of the eight I think
you've got energy today so it's going to
the Gateway pits this way bill but seven
so not in it's already just join your be
so don't forget to remove your one-inch
horn and a pinch from your shoulder
because the should I plant it and just
remove one inch
so cops are you ready
just pass out if you your taxes
already
[Applause]
[Applause]
sometimes ready just as easy as a and
pa3 the kappa got in the Frog and bass
fit all together as one for adult
lethality pretty easy just the TV and a
and D and 3
so what allow me to achieve in the core
life me or whatever sleep you feel like
achieve in you good to go there if you
also like our K lunette in the safe
environment result it would like like
off your neck or like around neck these
other kinds of way words are cheap for
your body cause you're talkin and it's
also depends on now because remember I
used a 30 M line you could use take two
just like that and you you're you're
you're pretty good land called have the
cool life right now along sorry this
could like sleep actually you're more
likely be just like activity your second
sleep it's just that the self it would
not be the full circle and your sleep
names must belong to believe activities
for lashes they're what you need to
initial unfold your hand over your hand
for the half of this class is a dream
come home because to 18 inches just use
this simple formula stock on Frank over
soup i register conference because it
was your our own and to finally because
was 6.3 itself sometimes 3.0 for that
part then I only got 18 AP / 2.6 a to
give us two point eight two point a this
two point it's working through right now
so value multiplied by C because this is
not really a full episode and trying to
use like other people when I'm a fly by
so I have five point six inches so come
and see our between disciple inches
actually dark our language is your
fabric is on for three please don't mind
my fabric is right now
so he does basically is not really like
a devil don't be that it is like a cult
III from behave like this citizens race
listen well I don't think you can
perform like after second so you will
join it it would be to not really be
like the settle our so then for like a
police episode see what I try to say
please my five point eight inches from
this edge
you are sauteed a 5.6 inch each day
these five and a half five point six
come to the center come to the sky or
center anyone in life versus muscle as I
say the fight for this country as
affecting the cycling six to join the
line get your coat
now because they must attend your length
the length of your sleep why do I keep
this polite shape you the length of your
people is something explained or
thereabout
if you have something sexting like this
is really going to achieving what my own
will be going off without us try to
manage each other's actually so like 16
it's knowing not what our managing going
on let me okay
even might not they would have just
managing our so consequence
honey oh Jesus
to get the same
what
[Music]
what a figure actually you're sick last
case
so you're politely Kenzi
with your up o 9l9 plus 900 DVD things
so what you choose your shape of
ghoulish apprentice
and tonight
[Applause]
so you so on this I defend you're having
it you have your whole life shape of
your sleep this way if is 16 other times
daily typically the court like the
revolution so we think you will just
achieve your captain actually your cart
Alex quickly easy as easy as a and even
three
you could go yukata we'll just try this
out talk about that on your captain what
are you done is play fabric like and
color or a dress or giving sucks our
gratitude our input and bursaries on
this neck and the line you could just
ask Allah be hell on this end if you
want to actually be just creating color
to yourself or the partner and created
by by the embroidery designer giving it
you just ask if cyberform only if you
want you to put positive yourself this
way or the purpose that is unique for
you will create the design for you you
could have a special design neck not it
only use fashion dresses like this for
its mood presence use plain Brenda so
that if you give it to those who in a
break with your foot nice and brightly
for you and please come out tonight to
achieve in your Carson just videos a and
B don't forget our dry class sexual
fashion school online code tackling on
July 1st don't forget to give back I
want to tell you there is another pet
Aaron at the Fed anyone so just taps of
the water just calling this we have
pretty good so it's been good see you
again to have enough time