[Music]
L is for the way you look at me O is for
the only one I
see V hi my name is Kima from four
ingredients and welcome to cooking with
Kim where we will save you time and
money in the kitchen because everything
we made is made with just four or fewer
ingredients now easy salmon rles this is
a recipe that my mom used to make for my
brothers and I now I make it for my
little boys very easy very nice what I
love about it I'm using a tin of salmon
now salmon a tin of salmon has just as
much protein as lamb chops or a piece of
steak it's a nutritional Powerhouse and
possibly we should all use and eat a
little bit more of it so I just removed
the soft bone the cartilage but
everything within a tin of salmon is
edible so up to you my brother uses the
whole thing but I take out the bone and
curtilage for my kids so 400 G can of
salmon into a bowl add to that that half
a cup of
mayonnaise the recipe in our book it's
under Ms Under fish section says whole
egg mayonnaise but you use whatever
mayonnaise you have 1 cup of mashed
potato and
then as a filler we want approximately
one cup of crushed and I've used pepper
flavored Jets bickies you can use Ritz
bickies normal Jets whatever you like
but I've used the pepper flavored Jets
bickies to get my cup of crushed
biscuits for my
rles okay so what we want to do is just
season lightly with a little bit of
pepper and then mix the four ingredients
together okay all nicely
combined and then what I want to do I've
got my paper lined
tray I'm just going to lightly dampen my
hands and then roll the mixture into
some nice yummy
rles now my last one I got 10 relatively
large Patties or cakes out of the
mixture because there's five in my
family and I figured that's two each
with a nice salad for dinner but if you
want to do them slightly smaller or
slightly bigger that's entirely up to
you now preheat your oven to
approximately 120 150Â° you want a low
heat relatively low heat and then you
just want to bake them for about 20
minutes or until nice and gold
and here are our gloriously delicious
salmon rles oh my little boys are going
to be so excited when I serve these up
tonight so whether you serve them up to
your family with a salad or some veggies
entirely up to you but know that the
four ingredients used in these makes a
really delicious salmon cake so try it
four ingredients to is the book The
Recipe is in and if you've enjoyed this
recipe join me at for ingredients.com or
on Facebook for ingredients page where
every day we share kitchen wisdom and
recipes just like this bound to save you
time and money in the kitchen my name is
Kim makosa and quick easy delicious
little recipes just like this is what
cooking with Kim is all about it's for
the way you look at me oh is for the
only one I
see V is very
very
extraordinary e is even more than anyone
that you adore can love