[Music]
so a lot of us in the building industry
we you know we've we've come across this
died plastic before it's called platon
but the reality is it's not the product
name that's just a product brand name so
this is actually DMX this is available
at my local building store I picked it
up I usually use this for my subfloors
underneath a 5/8 tongue and groove OSB
plywood and we can screw that to the
floor with tapcon screws and that's my
traditional basement system but what I
was curious about was this little thing
right here so this is another product
same company DMX It's blue it's a 3 in
one so this is insulated it's a vapor
barrier and it's soft and cushiony so
you can actually make your subf Flor out
of this and laminate right over top
they've gone through the trouble of
testing it and getting it approved for
putting a laminate floor directly on
this product I'm not a big fan of that
especially in this installation because
I'm building interior walls and I don't
want to be setting walls on this and I
don't want to be building my walls first
everywhere and then filling all my
cavity with this because I'm on a walk
out and we have this Four Season weather
we run the risk of a thaw freezing cycle
and getting moisture underneath our
concrete pore and if that happens I want
to have an airspace that transfer that
moisture past all my interior walls and
let the building soak all that up over
time if I build my walls first and put
this down I'm going to be Trapp in
moisture and I'm going to get that musty
smell no matter what I do so this is a
good product if you're just doing one
room and you already have walls but if
you're like us in you're building new
walls go with this system the funny
thing is they're both plastic and at the
end of the day it's the same cost per
square foot to install this and plywood
or this alone so it really comes down to
what's more convenient for you and your
situation but I would recommend both of
these products they both work great
[Music]
there we go this will be easier for us
to do the layout this
[Music]
way probably a little longer than I need
but that's
fine and we're doing the same thing
again on the other side of the
room that's good
[Music]
so you can see that what we just put
down here square footage wise is almost
400 ft took about 10 minutes which is
awesome we tape it together with a new
blue tuck tape this stuff is the same as
the red only it has uh been tested and
approved for wet areas so this will hold
on plastic to plastic even when it gets
wet so now we have this whole area is
one Vapor Barrier which is brilliant
you'll never get that if you use dry
core traditionally when you're laying
down flooring you'd use a square like
this measuring tape and you're basically
working off of whatever is pre-existing
now we all know we never find anything
Square in a house so what we're going to
do is we're going to use the laser level
techniques and you can see I got it
lined up right now and this line here
represents a straight line from one
Steel post to the other and we're going
to use this to establish our Square for
the entire project this way we're going
to build wall off of each of these areas
and we're going to start everything off
Square on that line cuz when you're
building if you have one thing that's
always going to be straight and square
and everything's built off of it the
rest of the project moves so much
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
faster what we've done is we've marked
our laser line and our laser line is
going from post to post and it's off
this point here so we cut our plywood
for our end wall to fit our frame for
the door plus 3 in and then we've also
cut our plywood plus right here that a
little extra 1/ in that's because when I
put these doors in the door will go here
it'll be hinged open and when it's
closed the middle of my door will be
over the transition of the one flooring
to the next we're going to go from
laminate to tile so by doing this in
advance it just makes my life easier all
the way around
[Music]
one two and then three
[Music]
cuz so we're done drilling a few holes
just to do a little demonstration for
you how we secure this to the floor
that's an SDS machine it's awesome it's
a really good hammer drill you can see
there wasn't a whole lot of effort going
in didn't have to put his body weight
behind it if you have one of these
drills you can actually switch this gear
over to hammer it will work it'll take
five times as long it'll get the job
done but if you're doing a big space
like this and you don't own one like
this go to the store and rent it 25
bucks for the day definitely worth the
investment we're using tapcon screws
coated screw won't rust
pulling everything nice and tight even
though we've pulled it tight we're
maintaining our air space underneath the
plywood it doesn't have to be a lot cuz
any air that's moving will take any
moisture that could possibly get
underneath this floor someday and it'll
transfer that all through the house and
it'll stay dry forever and you'll never
have a moisture M milw kind of problem
so you can see so the system works great
we need about six or eight screws for
every sheet of plywood because this
tongue and groove if I put a screw
within a foot of that joint I'm also
compressing the other sheet so you don't
have to go a lot Overkill just make sure
that when you're walking around you got
rid of the spongy spots if you need to
put a few extra screws somewhere that's
fine also while you're drilling you
might notice where you are you might
have softer concrete and depending on
the driller you use when you're drilling
your hole if your screws aren't grabbing
then just make one little change drill
straight through don't clean the hole as
you go sometimes the concrete can be a
little bit too soft so if you just push
down and leave all that dirt in the hole
then you'll have something there to bind
that screw to the hole and it won't be
lifting out on you if you're enjoying
these videos subscribe to the channel
hit the like button but most importantly
comment on the videos by all means or a
suggestion of video you'd like to see
let us know we'd love to be in touch