hi I'm Sue I'm with the flower Mill and
I'd like to talk about Norfolk pines
today what I'd like to talk to you about
is the watering and the care of these uh
they do like to stay moderately moist
not wet but moderately moist you can
stick your finger down inside of it and
to see how how wet it is um I use a
general uh fertilizer and I mix it
according to the
packages and then I just will take it
and
just water around it uh you want to
check it at least once a week they do
not like to be uh in cold drafts they
don't like to be in the direct sunlight
a filtered light is great for them uh
and also they like to be misted a lot of
people don't realize that plants um out
in nature you know they always get
rained on uh and and they absorb a lot
of the moisture on their leaves so just
once a week just take and Mist your
plant all the way
around and uh you always want to make
sure that your pot has good drainage
holes in it so if you if you've got a
decorative pot uh that you really don't
want to transplant this into just make
sure that it can slide your regular pot
into it and sit back and enjoy having a
a fresh live green plant in your home