hello today I'm going to show you how to
descale a kettle by using just two
household ingredients that you might
already have in your kitchen so over
time a white solid produce has built up
in my kettle and this is caused by hard
water which reacts when the water gets
heated it doesn't lose its hardness on
heating because it's made from Sophos
ions and that's why the hardness doesn't
disappear when you heat it you can
remove it and I'm going to show you how
to do that now so what your need is
white vinegar and bicarbonate soda and
you will also need half a pint of water
which I've got here in a jug and I'm
going to add to that one cup of vinegar
and ran out of vinegar I'm just going to
grab myself another bottle
and finally I'm going to add one
tablespoon of soda but I must warn you
when vinegar and bicarbonate of soda are
first mixed together hydrogen ions in
the vinegar reacts with the sodium and
bicarbonate ions in the baking soda the
results of this initial reaction is two
new chemicals carbonic acid and sodium
acetate so for this process you might
want to add each ingredient directly
into your kettle to avoid the mess okay
I'm now going to pour that into my
kettle and heat it up if your kettle is
really scaly you might want to leave the
solution overnight I'm going to pour out
the water and as you can see the hard
solid rock in the starting to break away
from the kettle I'm just going to
continue rinsing the kettle out and said
it's clear I mean there are benefits of
drinking hard water as it reduces heart
disease and it's also good for your
teeth and bones because it contains
calcium and magnesium which is needed in
the diet however the side effects of the
hard water can leave your skin and hair
very dry and itchy also the hardness of
your water would depend on where you
live each region will have different
levels of hard water depending on its
source and treatments okay so I'm just
going to do the same with the filter I'm
going to soak that for a couple of hours
in the solution of part water part
vinegar and add 1 tablespoon of soda
this time I'm going to do this over a
sink just in case he spills over again
and I'm going to brush away any loose
particles and pop it back in the
solution and soak it again for a bit
longer so that's it's it's done a good
job of removing the skin
I'm just going to pop that back into the
kettle like so unfortunately in time
your kettle will start to scale again so
you would need to repeat this process on
a regular basis so that's it thanks for
watching I hope this worked for you as
it works for me
[Music]