hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm going to be doing a cook with
me video a lot of you guys that are
subscribed to my blogging channel you
have requested that I do cooking videos
and I don't really do them that often
because they're harder to film
especially with a little baby running
around making noise and stuff but I'm
going to do a cook with me video today
you guys have seen my previous cooking
videos I made a garlic ranch chicken
video and I made the macaroni and cheese
video so today I'm going to be making
yet another pasta they make a chicken
and shrimp Alfredo so if you're
interested in seeing how I make this
keep watching so I'm just gonna go ahead
and grab my ingredients of the fridge
I've already prepped them for this video
it's a pretty much what you're gonna
need is I have some roughly chopped
spinach I have some yellow peppers some
yellow bell peppers and I have shrimp
and I have chicken I have my favorite
alfredo sauce which is the classic oh I
get two different flavors I have the
roasted garlic and the four cheese and
I'm probably gonna add some cheese to
whatever is in my fridge I don't know
what I have but whatever is in there is
gonna get thrown in and then of course
you're gonna need your linguini alright
so the first thing we want to do is fill
up this hot water so I can get my pasta
boiling and while that's boiling I'll be
cooking my shrimp my chicken and all
this stuff
and then once it's done I'll make them
together Alfredo is really easy to cook
you just gotta get the flavors right
little bit of salt in this water
[Applause]
[Music]
this is more know what you're playing so
you hear them that's what's going on I'm
gonna leave on this my chicken and stuff
for my chicken I'm just gonna season it
with some what is it seasoned salt and
some garlic and then for my shrimp I'm
going to use the same thing but I'm
gonna add paprika and onion powder and
black pepper with that
everybody get some garlic everybody gets
off this movie I'm almost out use the
last little drop here
paprika well he's a little peppery go
figurative
just with some color okay
now also my favorite what is this this
is not pressed oh this is I don't know
what it is that it's not the stove and
it's not you up in I hate cooking on the
stove in the oven if I don't have to cuz
it's just too hot for that I'm gonna
turn this and set it one 350 on one side
[Music]
I'm gonna add just a little bit more
garlic because I like the garlic flavor
now I'm gonna take some this is heating
up this I'm gonna take some olive oil
and put maybe a teaspoon or two in there
[Applause]
[Music]
once they're done cooking all the way
through I'll add in vegetables usually
like people cook the vegetables and
stuff like peppers and stuff first but I
do not want to do that because I come on
like a little bit of crunch tomorrow so
not so much crunch because I've seen
this to the baby
[Music]
[Applause]
just a little bit alright it's been like
three or four minutes I'm gonna start
flipping these around again and Brown
gonna have a nice brown color like this
so just look good it tastes good and it
looks good
a little water in there get every last
bit of salt you can do just one jar
Stassi like me second one okay you tryna
kick it through the thing yeah you play
soccer with the baby kicking the ball he
ain't gonna go through the baby's coming
oh this is simmering I'm gonna go ahead
and add in the spinach all together and
then put a lid on it go check on this
pasta it should be done pretty soon so I
just tasted my noodles and they are done
pretty much they're al dente so I'm just
gonna add in the noodles a little bit at
a time just to make sure that I don't
measure when I could just throw stuff in
have y'all seen that thing on Facebook
where it's like black people don't see
Delta measured eight seasonings they
just pour in a pot to the spirit of a
ancestor says that's enough child that
is so accurate for me
I don't measure anything I just go into
my spirit says stop which is why I have
to sit here and measure up these noodles
and make sure it makes you much just
think I'm good okay so all the noodles
are in the pan I'm just gonna mix it all
up
this flavor all through wanna get some
cheese to add in here and then I'm just
gonna let this simmer for about 15
minutes and it should be good to go okay
let me see what I have in the fridge
what kind of cheese is in here
[Music]
I just use this one I have aged white
cheddar okay so I just put two slices of
this man I just put two slices in there
mix it all in and this is pretty much
done looking nice and creamy so I don't
even think I need the rest of the 15
minutes I said it's 7 to 8 minutes it's
good enough good good so don't make fun
of my spoon as many times as I've been
to Walmart and Target I never remember
to get another one cause it's just not
on my mind and my husband he's just like
it still work but you need to know what
for it still works I think rule don't
buy another one you don't want me to
spend no money on a spoon you just don't
have extensions that's why we miss
okay okay now I'm just gonna plate it
since it's all done and honestly I think
this is what gets you guys when you we
all see me we all see my food like on a
snapchat and my Instagram stories and
stuff you're always like oh my gosh that
looks so good and honestly sometimes I'm
eating the most basic meal but it's all
in the presentation if you make it look
nice you'd be like hey I'm gonna show
you how I do my presentation
cuz literally like if I threw this on
like a white paper plate it would not
look that appetizing dang it I just
messed that up that's alright if I still
just want a white paper plate it
wouldn't look there appetizing but it's
gonna look really delicious because I
have strategically chosen to use the
black plates so that you can really see
the nice colors of the seafood and the
vegetables pop alright I made a mess
right here so I'm just gonna clean that
up a little bit okay so I'm just gonna
put this a few pieces of shrimp on top
so that you can see the nice colors in
the shrimp yeah a few pieces of chicken
on top
I just take my time when it comes to
plating the food cuz I just wanted to
look really good when my husband sit
down at a table he feel like a king
cuz I'll who did up for that's how he's
supposed to feel when he sit down for
dinner a final touch parsley parsley
always makes us look so delicious I'm
just gonna sprinkle the dash on there
and a dash here
[Music]
alright I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you try this recipe let me know
how you like it
and I guess I will see you on the next
video that's it for this one
[Music]