whether you're traveling or you live in
an apartment or for whatever other
reason you just don't have access to a
washer or dryer
doing your laundry in your sink or your
bathtub it can really get you out of a
bind sometimes I think we forget
sometimes just how simple washing
clothes actually is there's just some
water and some soap and if you leave
them hanging long enough they get dry so
let me show you how to do this so you
just need a few things to get started
first of all the clothes that you're
going to wash I'm going to be watching
my favorite polka-dotted socks and I
also have my ex-officio underwear which
is great for traveling because they dry
really fast and a sink or a bathtub and
then some sort of something to wash it
with it though this is a trek and travel
laundry wash special travel laundry
detergent also dr. Bronner's soaps work
really well and if you're in a bind you
can also just use the shampoo that comes
with your hotel and he's sort of soap
will do so first you want to stop up the
sink if you don't happen to have a
stopper on the sink you can actually
keep the water from draining out of it
with wadded up toilet paper it works
very well and turn on the water it could
be hot water it can be warm water it can
be cool water you know be careful of
colors like you would normally doing
laundry and then with this stuff I just
need a little cap full really - it's
very concentrated to have enough soap
actually it calls for two so I'll add a
little bit more I imagine they actually
want me to use more than I actually need
and so now we've got some suds going in
here and we just need to sort of need
all of the clothes in this water and
squeeze it out a few times do this for a
few minutes actually do this for a few
minutes and let it sit for ten minutes
okay this stuff has been soaking for ten
minutes you can see how filthy my socks
and underwear really are just kidding is
probably died or something and now I can
just drain the sink a little bit and I
want to squeeze ring all this stuff out
bring out all the soap and put it put
this stuff off to the side just wring
all that out and now soap is out of the
out of the sink I can stop up the drain
again and this is gonna be our rinse
cycle so we're gonna fill the sink we're
going to let it sit for ten minutes
again okay our sink got filled up clean
water
this stuff has been sitting around in
here for ten minutes now it's pretty
much ready to be rinsed out so I can
start letting all the water out and
really squeeze all these together try to
get all the soap out of them and one by
one I can wring them out and they'll be
they be ready to dry it depends upon
what kind of material they are it might
take you know it might take as long as a
day depending on what kind material it
is if you're hanging it to dry but I'm
going to show you one more trick in
between if you want them to dry a little
bit faster okay now this is a trick way
to get them dry really fast what I've
done is I've folded over a towel in half
and then I have all the garments laying
out on the towel and what I'm going to
do is roll
roll all these clothes up in this towel
like like I'm rolling a a burrito or
something or a cigarette
or a joint whatever let's all rolled up
and then I'm going to put my knees on it
and walk across really wring them out
and this will wick all the moisture out
of them and they'll dry much faster now
I just hang everything to dry that towel
trick works really great if you're
traveling and you need everything to dry
overnight so otherwise they might take
about a day to dry but you've been able
to do laundry now practically for free
without access to a washer and dryer