[Music]
hey guys so today I wanted to do a video
just showing you my very favorite recipe
ever that I think I've ever made my kids
love it my husband loves it we all love
it it's great for picky eaters and it's
great for nonpicky eaters cuz I like
onions and things but I still love this
recipe there are no onions in it so no
worries but I wanted to share it with
you guys I'm just going to show you how
I make it it's my most popular recipe I
have over 1 million pins on Pinterest on
it repins so um it's amazing you guys
will love it and I will show you how I
make it and what I do so let's get
started by the way did I not tell you
what it was so it's called chicken
enchiladas with white sour cream sauce
oh my gosh it is amazing you guys will
love it so let's get started okay so
here are the ingredients that you guys
are going to need you're going to need
these flower tortillas they are not the
smaller ones they are not the big ones
they are just like the mediumsized flour
tortillas you are going to need some
butter some sour cream flour a
rotisserie chicken you can also use
chicken breast that you've shredded up
any kind of chicken you've shredded up
it doesn't really matter I just like to
do the rotisserie chicken and then
shredded cheese and then a can of green
chilies and some chicken broth and
that's it like really seriously that's
all you need and it comes out delicious
okay so the first thing you want to do
is start your oven and preheat it to
350° then you want to take your
rotisserie chicken and just shred it up
into pieces or whatever chicken you
decide to use if you're going to use
like a breast of chicken or leg or
whatever you're going to do just shred
it up into
pieces just depending on how big you
want them you could also do chunks we
just like it shredded
[Music]
all right so the next thing you want to
do is take your cheese and you're going
to take about two cups I kind of just
eyeball it depending on how much cheese
I want I kind of like them cheesy so I
use a little bit more than two cups but
if you want measurements I would start
out with two cups of cheese in your
bowl and I just use any kind of cheese
that doesn't really matter whatever your
favorite cheese is so then you're going
to use about 2 and 1/2 cups of shredded
chicken 2 and 1/2 to 3 cups just
depending on how much you have we
usually just do about a whole entire
thing a whole entire rotis chicken so
that's two cups for now he's still
shreding it then you're just going to
mix it together with the
cheese okay so here's the third
cup like I said just mix it all
together that's about the ratio that you
want with chicken and cheese all right
so here's the next step you're going to
spr
your pan you're going to get a a big old
glass pan and just spray it with some
pan spray or just some non-stick
spray and you're going to start making
your tortillas let me gra a
[Music]
PL so you're going to start making your
enchiladas and what you do is you just
take your your thing and I usually count
10 out so I kind of know how many I have
one 2 3 four 5 6 7 8 9 10 and actually
makes a little bit more than that but I
start with 10 just to see how it goes
and then you're going to take about a
handful of the inside the stocking the
chicken and the cheese and then just put
it on your tortilla like that and then
roll it up it's probably a little bit
too much you can stuff these however you
want them we usually don't stuff them
too much cuz we like to have
more and then just keep doing it with
all 10 of them and then when you're done
you stick them in your pan with the cam
[Music]
spray all right so as you guys saw I ran
out of room so I'm going to use another
baking dish spray it and then just put
oops just put them in
there got the enchiladas done now we're
going to make the sauce which is the
best part so I'm going to take you over
by the stove cuz this is where we make
the SAA yay your first step is to melt
your butter so let's turn the stove
[Applause]
on all right so you want to put your
stove on about
low heat just because you don't want to
burn anything that you're going to do in
these next steps so you're going to melt
six tablespoons of butter I actually
have the recipe a little bit written a
little bit differently on the side just
because that is like the original way to
make it however I've tweaked it some
because we actually like extra sauce so
I've tweaked it so that we have some
extra sauce kind of doubled the recipe
okay so you just want to melt your
butter remember you don't want the heat
up too high you don't want to burn your
flour in this next
[Music]
step all right so this next step is
really important make sure your heat is
down low and you're going to want to put
in 6 tablespoons of flour however when
you're doing it you want to make sure
that you are stirring
consistently otherwise you will burn it
and it will not turn out right at all
[Music]
and you're going to want to whisk it for
1
minute obviously you're creating a rue
here which is going to help help thicken
your
sauce then you're going to add in your
chicken
[Music]
broth I just used two cans of this you
can turn the heat up a little bit in
this step
[Music]
all right once it's whisk together you
can just let it sit there for a
minute and you will find that it's going
to start bubbling in a minute it's going
to thicken up and bubble so give it just
a minute to do
[Music]
that all right can you guys tell it is
pretty much thick now as thick as it's
going to get so that's good now what
you're going to do is take it off of the
Heat and just let it sit for a few
minutes because you don't want to add
the sour cream to it when it's hot
otherwise it will curdle your sour cream
it's still going to be pretty warm when
you add your sour cream as long as it's
not just right off of the heat you'll be
fine so I just let mine sit for about 5
minutes all right so it's been about 5
minutes and as you can see it's not
piping hot anymore you still want to
make sure that you put your sour cream
in and stir it right away so that it
doesn't curl curtle so next you're going
to add about 2 cups of sour cream like I
said I pretty much doubled my sauce
recipe what I have on my website which I
will post a link in the description but
I pretty much double the sauce part of
it just because we like it lots of sauce
so if you and we make yours a little bit
smaller so if you make yours thicker and
you want less sauce then go ahead and
follow the directions on my site but if
you want yours um with some more sauce
and you tend to fill them not as full
then you can totally copy this and
double and do what I'm doing in the
video so here is one
cup and I'm going to do a second cup I
do a little bit less than a cup on the
second
one eye wallet that make sure that
you're stirring it right when you put it
in there so it's kind of a good thing
that the sauce is hot and I totally just
spilled on the side but it's a good
thing that the sauce is hot because it
helps to melt the sour cream so you can
actually stir it in there otherwise it
gets a little bit tough
[Music]
okay and then you're going to add your
green chilies so most of you probably
going to want to add the whole entire
can however we usually just add about
half of the can cuz we're not huge fans
of the green chili but what's good about
it maybe a little bit more than half
what's good about the green chili is
even if you don't like it it actually
gives it like a little bit of a zest of
flavor so even if you're kind of scared
of green chilies I recommend adding it
in my husband's very very picky and he
doesn't mind them he actually he likes
the flavor he just pulls out the green
chili itself so he's not eating the
green chili but it does give it a nice
flavor so now we are just going to pour
it over our
enchiladas pour the green sauce and make
sure you get lots of
it there
delicious make sure you cover all of it
okay then what I like to do is just take
a spoon and make sure that it gets in
between each
enchilada the sauce so I don't know you
don't have to do this I'm just kind of
picky and I like it to make sure that
all of the tortilla gets the sauce on it
so I just use a spoon and do
that all of them just make sure it gets
all over it and do the same over here
all right now we're going to add about a
cup of cheese and you guys can measure
um this out if you want I just like to
add it on there and I do add it right
now and then I what you're going to do
is cook them for about 20 to 25 minutes
and then you're going to broil it at the
end and that's the important part cuz
that's what makes the cheese kind of
just melt and get bubbly and brown and
just yummy crispy
cheese so you can just kind of add
however much you want that one's done
and then this
[Music]
one and these are super filling you guys
I probably only eat like two of them one
to
two so you will be surprised at how
filling they are okay now we're going to
stick them in the oven so then you want
to put them in the oven at
350° like I said for about 20 25
minutes usually it doesn't take too long
[Music]
okay so here is what we're doing next I
just put it on broil very important in
the step that you watch your enchiladas
very carefully because they will start
to turn brown very quickly and you will
ruin them if you're not watching you can
see they're already starting to turn
brown it looks more Brown in the video
than it really is okay so I just pulled
this one out it's bubbling it's cheesy
it's got tons of sauce so yummy okay now
the other one's done and they're so
yummy I'll show you when we played it
how good that
[Music]
[Music]
is all right guys thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoy this video and
I hope that you guys like those in lot
us and if you do be sure to give a
thumbs up thanks for watching bye bye
and if I get a lot of thumbs up I will
be making more recipe videos If you guys
like this let me know so I can make more
okay bye
[Music]