hi I'm Stevie T and today we're gonna be
doing some whammy bar stuff so first of
all I'm going to be using my Keisel SC
b7 which has a Floyd Rose floating
bridge and the lock tuners for maximal
tuning stability now if you don't have a
guitar that has a whammy bar that's
perfectly okay you just really need one
so first trick we're gonna be looking at
is the easiest of all even little Wayne
and Nick Jonas can play it the basic
whammy dive of course this was made
popular by Eddie Van Halen
and then you can make a totally slack
push it all the way don't let the
strings just round the next technique
we're going to be looking at is the
pinch dive this one is very similar to
the standard dive only we're gonna be
using harmonics
yeah so the fourth fret is a really easy
one to get
six fred is another easy one then I find
the g-string is the easiest to get
harmonics out of I know what you're
thinking
g-string save it we're mature adults
here alright anyways back to plucking
our g-string this next trick is called
the dirt bike you may recognize this
trick from the intro to kickstart my
heart from Motley Crue
crash and burn
this next way any bar trick is called
the police siren and if you turn your
amp up loud enough you can even scare
your neighbors I'm going nuts all right
in this next trick is called the London
police siren now it really makes a
difference with what effects you're
using for example you're gonna want a
nice distortion that is gonna bring out
your harmonics and make your dive sound
epic like if you use a clean sound
you're gonna sound pretty lame weak so
choose a nice distortion and don't be
afraid to add some delay to make your
dives and pinch dive sound incredible
next technique we're looking at I called
the Anne Justice dive
I need the reason I call it the
injustice dive is because Kirk Hammet
use this technique a lot in there and
justice for all album and it sounds
wicked awesome neat
the next whammy bar trick we're looking
at is called the cricket we're gonna be
doing is playing a note anywhere rest
your finger right on the edge of the
whammy bar and push down slightly until
your finger slips off like a flicking
motion flick it to get the cricket
sometimes you just gotta flick it to get
the cricket you gotta flick it to get
the cricket flick it to get the cricket
look at look at the cricket pic look it
to get the cricket wicket like I got a
cup again so the next way any bar trick
we're looking at I call the wheel I call
it this because it sounds like you're
going
and the next check we're looking at is
an extension of the we knew it's the
now we're gonna be doing something a
little nutty we're gonna be taking off
the whammy bar that's right we can do
whammy bar tricks with the whammy bar
not even connected
Oh
that's like alien talk Oh sexy lady so
the next technique we're looking at is
called the ghost because it sounds like
a ghost it's a ghost
next technique we're looking at is
called the pac-man cool it's like whammy
bar sweet picking the next trick I'm
showing you is called the whammy pick up
tap oh level and get my chords all
tangled and be jangled and last but not
least the technique I call the elephant
I think someone done dropped the bomb
now this is no word of a lie when you
have a good tuning system your guitar
will stay pretty much in tune what how
is that still in tune i whammy the hell
out of this thing but that's what
happens when you have a good bridge with
locked tuners and just a great quality
guitar Kiesel I can whammy the crap Odia
but you stay in perfect tuning nice cuz
usually by the time you're done ramming
the heck out of a guitar it starts
sounding like this
you
all right well there you have it I hope
I got all the techniques I'm sure I
missed someone I'm sure there's some
that haven't even been invented yet so
play around make up your own techniques
or take the techniques I showed you and
make them your own just have fun with it
that's what guitar playing is all about
have fun with it and enjoy it and touch
it so that's about all I got for you
today but I will see you next time on
YouTube thanks for joining me again bye
my pictures went flying