[Music]
all right today's tto video is probably
going to be pretty simple pretty basic
and I'm sure a lot of people already
know or understand how to do this but
I'm be showing you guys how to take off
your vinyl decals off of pretty much
anything and it's pretty much just one
step right now I'm not sure once I take
these off since everything else on a car
I've blacked out I wanted to take the
white the white decals on the side off
so I haven't decided yet if once I take
them off I'm going to leave them off or
I might get black decals exactly like
this that are the same style and
everything and just put those back on so
it's black if you guys have any opinions
please comment and let me know and help
me make that decision all right so the
only step and step number one is pretty
much using the hair dryer or a heat gun
to apply heat to your decals and then
pretty much peel them off slowly now if
you've had if you have a lot older car
that's had decals on there for tens or
20 years it might have an effect on the
paint and you might have small paint
discoloration but on a car a newer car
with better paint you shouldn't have any
problems like that I'm going to use this
haird dryer since I don't have a heat
gun and since it doesn't blow as hot as
a heat gun I'll uh use it and show you
guys tell you guys how long this takes
with just the L your hair dryer I'm use
a stopwatch here and then let you guys
how long it takes to get each section
off
all right so this little section here
took 2 and 1/2 minutes probably could
have peeled a little quicker but I want
to make sure it was hot enough so it
didn't leave any residue behind which it
didn't so on to the next section and
this probably take a little longer but
I'll probably move a little
quicker
all right for that whole section there
it took took 2 minutes 52 seconds so
only 20 seconds longer than that little
part so this time I sped it up a little
bit and there's no other problems and
it's still no adhesion left on the car
so I think even if you went fast there
wouldn't be a problem doing that
all right and that final little section
took a minute and six seconds all right
so to do the whole side of the car for
these uh rocker panel decals there's
only really a 5 10 minute job once you
get everything set up so the more the
bigger the decal the longer of course
it'll take the slower you have to do it
but to do this to your car is a
10-minute job and it can really change
the way last thing I'd say to finish off
the job is to either wash your car
yourself or go get a car wash because on
the edges here it's there's a lot of
dirt build up on the edge where the the
decal ended so if you get it washed
you'll get all that builtup dirt and
part of the adhesion on the back getting
rid of so you don't have it sticking out
like this you can see there's probably a
straight line here of just built-in dirt
that has been stuck up against here for
as long as the decal all right one last
tip here when you're removing the decal
from whatever you have is when you're
getting an initial corner off of the
decal you want to make sure it's hot
enough because if it's not it'll more
flake off so you won't be able to pull
it back so it's hard to do that so just
make sure it's hot enough so it actually
peel it won't flake and you can get the
whole decal to start peeling all right
thanks for checking out this howto video
and for anyone who hasn't known how to
do this hope it helped you guys out