moen quality style and dependability are
available above and below the sink
[Music]
each garbage disposal in moen's
portfolio is built for powerful
performance
the universal express mount means each
model fits all moen and most existing
three bolt mounting assemblies and the
cord is pre-installed for quick and easy
installation
but the components you can't see are the
keys to this disposal's dependable
performance
did you know there are no blades inside
a garbage disposal
instead you'll find a turntable that
spins at up to 2 800 revolutions per
minute the turntable's impellers toss
the food waste against a grind ring
which grates it into fine particles
the grind components are made of
stainless or galvanized steel which
helps extend the life of the disposal
now let's take a closer look at how
these components work together to power
your daily grind
the water must be running before turning
on the disposal to help push debris into
the disposal's corrosion-proof grind
chamber and then on through the plumbing
cold water is best when grinding food
waste it keeps fat solid and helps
prevent clogging
once powered on moen's powerful vortex
permanent magnet motor is engaged
it provides an almost immediate high
speed burst of power similar to many
power tools unlike induction motor
disposals that start slowly and speed up
gradually
bowen's vortex motor is built to tackle
tough kitchen scraps and is designed to
help reduce jamming
the high speed of the turntable grinds
the waste thoroughly so there's no need
for multiple grinding stages
while the vortex motor is a powerful
force moen's sound shield insulation is
designed to help reduce motor and
grinding noises to quiet your cleanup
and all mowing garbage disposals are
continuous feed which means the unit
continues to grind as long as the power
is on
water carries the food waste particles
through the disposal to the drain pipes
since the vortex motor ensures the food
is ground finely it can move safely and
swiftly through the pipes and out of the
home
the water and food particles then travel
to a waste water treatment plant or
properly sized septic tank
using a mowing garbage disposal not only
eliminates food scrap odor in the
kitchen trash it also helps reduce waste
at the landfill
mowing garbage disposals are built with
the thoughtful design and high quality
you expect from moen
for performance you can trust above the
sink
and below