hello everyone welcome back to another
great episode of rana's Cuisines today
we're going to be making peer bread now
these peer breads are going to be
awesome they're soft and they're hollow
inside and they're absolutely amazing um
this recipe only has six ingredients and
uh six ingredients and the sixth one is
actually just the olive oil that we're
going to use a little bit to um um fry
up the U peita breads so before I get
started I would like to give credit for
this recipe to Masuma Muslim Rula she is
my aunt and she is from Aria Tanzania
she has a little bakery at her house and
I don't think it's little but she's got
a bakery they make tons of stuff and it
actually gets mailed out to lots of
other new by countries and for her to
share this recipe with us when she's
doing catering is I can't think her
enough cuz these turn out absolutely
amazing so thank you thank you thank you
thank you very very much so let's get
started I've got three cups of
allpurpose flow here which is uh White
flow and what I have done here is I am
just going to go ahead and sift the um
flow I just find it becomes um much more
soft my um i' I've realized that when
sifting the flour um for these uh peut
breads they come out really nice and
soft so um the other ingredients that I
have here is we're going to be using a
yeast and all my ingredients are going
to be under the description now the
yeast what I've done is the recipe does
not call for doing this but I'm doing it
because it is extremely cold here and if
I didn't uh start proofing my uh yeast
mixture it's not going to come and so
what I did was I just did one cup of
water and I added my yeast in there and
just a teaspoon of sugar just to get the
yeast going we're going to be using um
salt to taste we're going to be using 7
tblspoon of olive oil Now the recipe
also does not call for olive oil it
calls for just oil I use olive oil cuz
it's healthier and to us I don't think
it um affects the taste so if you think
that it affects the taste on your end
you can add any other oil that you would
like I we're also going to be using one
egg so let's get started into our white
allpurpose flour I'm just going to
add salt in there to
taste and just going to mix that
well next we're going to go ahead and
add our egg and I always break my egg in
a separate container just so if it's bad
it doesn't doesn't don't have to throw
the whole mixture away okay forgot to GL
grab my gloves I'm going to grab my
gloves um to this I'm going to go ahead
and add my olive oil and I'm just going
to leave a couple drops for when we're
going to be putting the dough in here
for it to
rise just going to grab quickly grab my
gloves
here okay
put those
on and just going to start mixing the
dough
together this is just to get it going
you can put everything everything inside
and start doing it that way
too okay this is
lukewarm
water now this goes really well with any
sandwiches or anything like that um
actually I'm going to be serving it with
my butter chicken today cuz I'm making
butter chicken for dinner I have a video
out there it's it's an older video but
um
you can watch that video cuz my kids
love that butter chicken so you can see
here that the dough is pretty sticky and
feels like it's not going to come
together but it will you just want to
knead it for about 2 minutes
and it's just going to come together and
it's going to look really really awesome
so you can see how the dough has come
together look at how beautiful it came
together now this is soft and that's how
you want how you want it to be like I
said the softer the
dough the softer you're going to have
the outcome of your puy or sorry um
outcome of the peut bread so I just know
that little bit of olive oil that was
left in our cup I hate wasting so I just
put it in here and what I'm going to do
is I'm going to cover it up with some um
wrap and then I'm going to put it in a
warm place to rise now depending on how
warm it is where you are uh might take
between 2 to 4 hours so once it doubles
in size we're going to double in size
we're going to come back we're going to
make um little balls and then we're
going to start is really nicely hooked
up I'm going to show you looks amazing
and and I have one door that I'm already
working on here for my guati video so
I'm going to just put this on the side
and we'll continue with this dough which
is the same thing it's risen and what
you want to do is you want to make
really little
small um small packages like this and
you want to use some extra flour cuz
it's really really soft and what you
want to do
is just make it into about a 6 in
diameter and what I what I've done here
is on my table I sprinkled some
some flour on it so it doesn't stick and
I'm going to keep on making these little
PE breads just like
that and I'm going to put it on my table
just like that now by the time I get
done with this my first one will have
risen just a little bit and by making it
rise the second time just you don't have
to make it rice like do everything on
the side and make it rice but you know
by the time you get to the last one your
first you know your first ones that you
started doing will have had a little bit
of time to rise and that's what's going
to make sure that the pasas are going to
have a really big Hollow in the middle
so I'm going to continue getting um pea
breads here and I want to show you
exactly what I'm going to do so these
were the way that I had put them flat
down I'm just going to pick it up the
way the part that was down is going to
go onto my heat I'm going to quickly
show you my heat here it's about medium
high now you we're going to wait until
you're going to start seeing some
bubbles on it you don't want to touch it
you don't want to put your um spatula in
it you don't want to do anything you
just want to let it do its thing and for
me that's the hardest thing to do
seriously is to leave it alone but I
found that by touching it it you're just
it's not going to work so look here and
I'm not going to stop this video because
I really want you guys to see how this
is going to work once you get a hang of
this I'm seriously telling you you are
not going to buy anything from
outside and you can tell that it's
still really puffing up and the whole
thing should puff up now you're going to
have a couple that you know might not
puff up completely and that's okay but
this is where you know that it's
completely successful so we're just
going to turn this around and then cook
the other end now while the other end is
cooking just want to show you here that
you want to have a bowl with a towel
inside just like this and then have
another towel on top cuz you want to
keep this really nice and warm so I want
to show you this one here I know it's
going to be hot but I want to show you
how hollow it is inside and I didn't use
any olive oil just because they're so
soft and I didn't need to and they're
not going to last till tomorrow so if
you're planning to make it and have it
last for a couple days then go ahead and
put the olive oil in there but look at
this it's piping hot but I really wanted
to show you this one look at how
beautiful and Hollow that is this is
great for sandwiches and you know just
like I said I'm going to we're going to
have this not me but the kids and my
husband are going to have this with the
butter chicken so another just a quick
note if you guys have any garlic butter
or anything
just top it off a little bit with garlic
butter and it tastes amazing so today we
made um peer breads at home um thank you
for joining me on this episode of rana's
Cuisines hope you can join me here next
time with another great video and I
forgot to do the taste test
and I can't tell
you this is why I don't buy peut bread
outside amazing amazing amazing so
hopefully I'll see you here next time
with another great video