[Music]
I recently found out a great tip about
how to clean hardwood floors with
rubbing alcohol didn't know it before
but it actually makes perfect sense and
works really well I just tried it what
you do is you take one part rubbing
alcohol added to 4 parts hot water in
your bucket and then use a cloth or
sponge and wipe your floors down this is
of course doing it by hand and then dry
it immediately after with a microfiber
cloth the rubbing alcohol has two key
benefits first of all its alcohol
so it'll kill all the bacteria on the
floor which is great if you have pets
children whatever secondly rubbing
alcohol dries in an instant which is
fabulous for hardwood floors the best
thing we could possibly have is a quick
drying agent and that's exactly what
rubbing alcohol will do I've also
noticed it leaves the floors really
clean and shiny
[Music]