okay here we have Fiddle Head season and
these are our fiddle heads and stuff
they just look like a fern all coiled
right up into a little circle and
everything and uh to cook them you just
bring some water pot of uh water to full
boil and stuff and then you put these in
to cook for probably about 15 minutes
and stuff till they're completely tender
and then you can add salt and pepper
with butter uh and serve it that way or
for those of you who like a a little bit
of vinegar that helps to lower your
cholesterol and stuff you can put them
in vinegar now if you want to freeze
them uh you boil your water and once
your water is to a full boil put them in
boil them for about a minute and then
hurry up and put them on the cold water
take them and put them in your s in your
freezer bags and stuff add a little bit
of water try to get all the air out of
it before you seal it completely so you
can have it during the winter and stock
because um fiddle heads is only like a 3
we season uh here in Maine and stuff so
this is fiddleheads very high and iron
and everything so that's how you can
cook them up to eat they're very good
with chicken or fish or you can freeze
them for the winter time so you have
them year round okay bye-bye now