once cooking at South and today I'm
making fondue it only has four
ingredients and then you just have your
things that you dip into the chocolate
today I'm using strawberries and bananas
first we're gonna put heavy cream into
our pan and then we just pour it in then
we're going to pour our in some coconut
cream I mean we're just going to bring
that to a simmer and then we're gonna
add the chocolate and stir it up we're
going to give it a stir every once in a
while and we're also going to put in
some vanilla extract we're just gonna
stir that in now that it's Emin we're
going to add the chocolate and stir it
up we have a mixed milk chocolate and
dark chocolate and as you can see I
started fondue is a wonderful dessert to
have like that parties or just make for
your family it's super good and its
really fast and easy it already smells
super good I can smell like right when I
put it in and only took like three
seconds and
like brown it smells super good I cannot
wait for this so if you got now and
we're gonna pour this beautiful fall
nail into the ball and make it look
pretty now you're just going to drizzle
a little bit of the rest of your coconut
oil army and coconut cream over it so
import lots of the coconut cream over
this over on the fondue do it you look
pretty and then you take a toothpick and
just swirl it around and then it looks
really pretty so my dad I'm just trying
to help me okay well does my time so
okay I'm gonna try it now and it smells
super good
they're so good
okay
thank you for watching and remember to
subscribe and like my video and comment
down below I'm gonna give us visa eating
actual time
alright thank you see you next week