let's do it first up big bowl whisk and
I need four eggs I'm using beautiful
fresh free-range eggs and we're going to
whisk those up I'm using a big bowl so
we can get some nice air in there then
I'm going to go in with 200 milliliters
of whole milk 200 grams of plain flour
now you can sift it you know when you
sift it it just makes it nice and light
and no lumps we don't want lumps in
there so just whisk up your batter as
you can see now it's nicely whipped up
I'm just going to add a little pinch of
salt and nothing else
that's basically it now we want it to
just coat the back of a spoon that
should just stick nicely to it
that's the batter made what I do want to
do is get it from a bowl which is
perfect for making it into a jug because
that's perfect for pouring it quickly
because that is another important part
that I'll talk about in a minute we are
using a sunflower oil you can use a
ground nut oil or a Sun seed oil
absolutely these are oils that can
handle high heat we want one centimeter
in each mold so I'm going to fill up
these three and what I like to do is
then just gently four evenly pour the
oil all the way along and by the time
you hit the bottom you'll have
absolutely perfect exact measurement
across every single one and I know what
you're thinking okay I know I invented
it or at least I think I did
now we are going to preheat our oven to
190 degrees Celsius I've got one in
there already okay it's been in there
for about 15 minutes so my preheated oil
comes out this is very hot I'm going to
go in with my batter here I'm going to
use a spoon what you don't want is loads
of batter touching the side if you have
batter in between what's going to happen
is that will drag your Yorkshire pudding
down and it will stop it rising as
efficiently and what's happening now you
can see the hot oil is starting to cook
the batter on the outside and as we put
this in the oven the heat of the oil is
going to push the batter up the side to
create that lift okay we're going to go
straight back into the oven and we're
going to close the door and we're going
to leave it you want to dedicate the
whole oven just to Yorkshire puddings
they're going to cook for about 20 to 25
minutes until golden and crispy and
gorgeous you're going to love it ah come
on baby yeah so for me guys this really
is the perfect Yorkshire pudding you can
go bigger you can put more batter in but
then I think it goes too crispy and too
dry
I like this kind of size I like the kind
of balance of crisps penis around here
and the chewiness from inside