[Music]
hey everyone this is just going to be a
very basic video on how to knit cables
basically cables are just vertical
Columns of stitches that are twisted
over the course of one row to either the
right or the left so I'll be showing you
the cable to the right as you can see
it's kind of twisting to the right um
but once you understand the general
concept of cables you can just follow
the pattern of the project that you're
working on and um just go from there so
this particular cable pattern that I'm
showing you in this video is a
repetition of four rows so I've already
actually completed four rows up to here
the fourth row is the row where you
actually twist the stitches and create
that cable pattern and then I've already
done Row 1 2 and three in the second set
and the fourth row is the row where I
create the cable and that's what I'll be
showing you right
now for the pattern that I'm working on
here I'm just going to be pearling four
stitches to get to the actual cabling
part of the work so that's pearling
Stitch number two the third Stitch I'm
purling and then the fourth Stitch I'm
pearling and then here we get to the
actual cabling part of the work so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to use
double pointed needles you can use
cabling needles if that's easier for you
but I use double pointed needles of the
same size needle that I'm working off of
or something a little bit bigger so it
doesn't slip off but basically what you
do is you slip off three stitches Pearl
wise and you're going to be holding it
to the back of your work when you hold
those three stitches to the back of your
work that's when it creates that cable
that kind of leans to the right and then
the next thing you're going to do is
knit the three stitches off of the
left-handed needle so that's basically
what creates that Twist of those
stitches to create the cable pattern so
knitting one
2 and then the third Stitch off of the
left-handed
needle and then the next thing you're
going to do is knit those three stitches
that you held to the back of the work
and you can either knit it off of the
double pointed needles which I don't
personally prefer um but if that's
easier for you you can do that you can
just knit it right off of the double
pointed needles but what I personally
like to do is to just slip those three
stitches back onto my left-handed needle
and then just knit them off of the
left-handed needle I just find that
easier but any everyone has a different
preference so I'm just going to knit
those other three
[Music]
stitches and that is what creates that
Twisted cable look and then I'm going to
finish off the row by just pearling the
last four stitches to kind of complete
that pattern and based on what pattern
you're following it may be different but
this is just the particular one that I'm
showing in this video for tutorial
purposes and there you go you see the
twist right there and that's what
creates the cable pattern and what I'll
do is I'll just continue with the four
row pattern and repeat that until I
complete the work
[Music]
n