[Music]
Stevia is a calorie-free sweetener
extracted from the leaves of the plant
species Stevia radiana it's often used
instead of refined sugar it's said to be
200 to 300 times sweeter than sugar and
has a non- glycemic response in the body
these two review studies found that
Stevia has not been shown to lead to any
adverse effect on health however there
have been some claims that Stevia may
have a similar structure to hormones
that can interfere with fertility but
this is based on studies on animals
where they were given very high doses so
it's doubtful that this is applicable to
humans whenever I want to know
definitively about something my goto man
is always Dr Michael Gregor of
nutritionfacts.org so let's hear what
his thoughts are on Stevia and other
sweeteners this clip is taken from Dr
Gregor's February 2017 Q&A the link to
the whole video will be in the
description below be sure to check it
out the noise you can hear in the
background is Dr Gregor walking on his
treadmill desk but hopefully it's not
too
loud is Stevia healthy and I have a
video called Stevia healthy harmful or
harmless and bottom line is it's
harmless in kind of typical doses that
American doses of sweetness we actually
may be getting too much right there's
bacteria in our guts that can turn stev
all into Stevia sides or vice versa
which are kind of toxic substance so
it's all about the amount in the video I
talk about the dose the kind of
tolerable upper daily limit according to
the World Health Organization and so if
you're just using a little Stevia here
and there it should be considered
harmless but if you're drinking like
Stevia sweetened beverages which have a
lot of sweetness so a lot of those
Stevia compounds um you actually may be
exceeding that limit and putting
yourself at risk the healthiest caloric
sweeteners are black St molasses and
date Sugar which is just dried
pulverized dates I'm in terms of a low
calorie sweetener Oriol is probably
safer than Stevia and I've got videos on
that as well Dr Gregor has written an
incredible book called how not to die
where he examines the 15 top causes of
death in America and explains how
nutritional and lifestyle interventions
can often outperform medication and help
us live healthier Lives jam-packed full
of peer-reviewed scientific evidence Dr
Gregor also shows us which foods to eat
eat and which lifestyle changes to make
so we can live longer it's a New York
Times bestseller and I highly recommend
you get yourself a copy links will be in
the description
below thank you so much for watching if
you liked the video please give it a
thumbs up leave a comment below and
subscribe for more upcoming videos if
you want to see what I'm eating follow
me on Instagram at 81010 in London
m
[Music]