today we're going to be harvesting Hol
Hawk seeds this is what the flower looks
like comes in clusters it's pretty tall
it's a preanal it comes back every year
and um here's another one see how the
flowers cluster
um they they they do have pods when the
flower comes out but they after it um
once it pollinates it'll close up like
this and then they'll start to swell and
they'll get bigger here's some older
ones uh this is what you want to look
for when the Pod is finally starting to
dry like this and the top of it opens
and you can actually see the seeds in it
you'll want to actually go to harvest
this one um really you can harvest the
one that got pollinated along with it in
the same but uh you just want to pull it
off or you can break it apart and take
the seeds out um I prefer just pulling
the whole pot
off if we can get it off
here uh try you can use scissors or
whatever if you can't do it uh bring a
knife or whatever but you just want to
remove the Pod and uh take the seeds out
as long as they're dry already
completely dry then you'll want want to
store them in a plastic
bag they they have uh many seeds they'll
be
flatter but that's how you uh Harvest
Holly Hawk seeds and um I'm going to be
growing a lot of these this is one of my
favorite flower cuz it blooms so much I
ain't never got to water it comes back
every year grows in the blazing sun all
day and you don't never have to be
watered and um it produces a lot of
seeds so that's how you harvest H Hawk
see just um put it in a bag a a Ziploc
bag or a plastic container and store
them and uh be sure to label them so you
don't forget to this