make sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
and if you want to help support this
channel it won't cost you a thing by
using the link in the description if you
want to pick up some of this for
yourself
rich back with another quick video for
you just picked up some 99% isopropyl
rubbing alcohol
it comes 12 in a case I already opened
it as you can see I wanted to show you
this because I've picked up many
different brands in the past and they
are definitely not all created equal I
was getting local store brands and they
just weren't cutting it because the most
I could get was like 71% the nice thing
is it kills any kind of germs or
bacteria any kind of little cuts or
scrapes you could just clean it with the
alcohol I clean electronics with it I
clean my tools I go over my cell phone
screen with it to get the smudges and
everything off and it just works really
really well this is a really great buy
because you get 12 16 ounce bottles and
a really decent price I will leave a
link in the description in case you want
to pick up some for yourself if you can
make sure to click that like button
subscribe to my channel for more awesome
content and let me know if you any
questions or comments in the section
down below I will get back to you thanks
for watching
take care