hey hat swing this dragon brother and
welcome back to the channel on today's
episode this is the last video that you
guys voted for for 30,000 subscribers
and it was actually a tie for this
particular video it was a tie between
amethyst a crystal 101 episode on
amethyst and an ultra sewer however in
the comment section below on the post in
the hatchling plan most people wanted
the amethyst video so we are here today
for another episode of crystals 101
where I go a little bit more in depth
all about amethyst for today so for
reference I have created a post in the
hatchling plan that is all about
amethyst and I will be referencing this
throughout the video so I can like make
sure I get all the right information to
you guys and if you are interested in
checking out this post there will be a
link in the description box where you
can go look through this post and where
you can join the hatchling plan so thank
you guys so much for voting for this
video but now let's get started for
today we are going to talk about
amethyst so I think a little preface
here I think amethyst is a absolute
must-have for beginner witches like if
you are confused about which crystal you
want to get first I would pretty much
recommend clear quartz amethyst or rose
quartz as your first crystal yeah but
this is a really good crystal because it
really opens you up to your spirituality
it really opens up your third eye and
your crown chakra so you can connect
with those higher planes of existence I
really think that is really important
especially when people who are just
starting out because if they don't
really know where it go and stuff like
that amethyst is going to be a great
stone to keep on you for spiritual
guidance I give this crystal a 5 out of
5 stars I'm pretty sure everyone would
give this crystal 5 out of 5 stars so
we're going to move on from that so what
I love about this stone is that it's
perfect for beginners it helps
connecting to spirit and stimulates high
vibrational relaxation and what I mean
by this
that even when you're relaxing with this
crystal it's awesome because it's a very
high vibrational like it's not going to
bring you into like a very low state of
being it's going to elevate your
consciousness it's going to elevate your
vibration but at the same time keep you
calm and relaxed and I think for a lot
of us who suffer with anxiety this is a
great crystal to have something that I
don't like and some some cons of using
amethyst too often is that it may over
stimulate if used too often and the
daily user of amethyst to me goes off
during the day so if you find yourself
dozing off and you like to wear amethyst
then maybe it's not the best crystal for
you to wear during the day however if
you do suffer from anxiety I kind of
feel like the a little bit of a sleepy
side effect from me amethyst is going to
not be as as bad it's like it doesn't
outweigh the good if that makes sense
and again please know I'm not a doctor
like if you are struggling with anxiety
please go seek the attention that you
need this is just a way for us to cope
on a daily basis that can help on top of
our either the medications that we're
using the practices that we're doing and
all of that to help combat our anxious
feelings the chemical composition of
this particular crystal I think it's
called silicon silicon oxide I'll put
the chemical symbol on the screen here
and the minor iron impurities causes
amethyst color so depending on how much
iron is in your crystal or how much iron
is in your amethyst is going to turn is
going to determine how dark or how light
it is the higher iron content that the
crystal has that's going to mean that
it's going to be a darker colored
amethyst the crystal system is hexagonal
or tri trigonal trapeze oh he drew I'm
gonna put that on the screen too because
I can say that so the type of crystal
that no the type of rock that amethyst
is is an igneous igneous scuse me
igneous sedimentary and metamorphic and
on Mohs hardness scale of this is seven
out of ten its colors are light lavender
too dark royal violet like I said
and appealing its most noted healing
properties are relieved it relieves
stress it helps with addictions it foods
hormone production it relieves stress
and anxiety relieving insomnia calms and
stimulates the mind magical properties
are most noted magical properties is
that it's highly protective protection
from psychic attack activates spiritual
awareness and transmute ill-will into
love the chakras associated with
amethyst are your third eye and the
crown chakra which is your sixth and
your sixth and your seventh chakra and
the elements associated with amethyst
are spirit Akasha ether air and water
the Pontiac signs associated with
amethyst are Virgo Sagittarius Capricorn
aquarius of Pisces the planet is
associated with Jupiter and crystal care
so when you come when you want to use
amethyst some things to keep in mind is
that you're not going to want to charge
this crystal out in the sunlight because
if you do so it's going to fade it's
purple color
now that's very that goes for pretty
much every colored quartz so like that's
the same for rose quartz that's the same
for citrine um you're not going to want
to leave those crystals out in the
sunlight because they will get bleached
so the best way to cleanse your core
your quartz crystals or amethyst because
it's part of that family you're going to
want to either cleanse it in full
moonlight or you're going to want to put
it in a saltwater bath so like this
crystal here which is a amethyst egg
that's going to be able to go into
saltwater and then this piece of Chevron
amethyst here this is going to be able
to go into saltwater and then this
little tiny amethyst point is going to
be able to go into saltwater I am Barney
has we tend to put crystal clusters like
the big one that they're all sitting on
top of those very hesitant to put those
in salt water just because the base of
the crystal I don't know I just kind of
feel like it it's a little bit iffy for
me I feel like it kind of damages it
sometimes oh I could totally wrong I
just prefer to cleanse my giant clusters
of crystals like my amethyst in full
moonlight that just seems to be the best
way for me to cleanse them or I will
cleanse them with a smudge like sage
that's pretty much just like
run-of-the-mill really basic facts about
amethyst it's very affordable you can
probably find a piece of
with this for like a dollar you can get
tumbled stones really cheap especially
like places that have like those little
boxes full of crystal that you can like
filled with like tumbled stones like you
get little pouches when you fill them
with tumbled stone you can usually find
really cheap amethyst in there but it
ranges depending on how high the quality
is but more often than not it's a very
affordable crystal that's why I think
it's really awesome for beginners as
well because you're not going to be
dropping like 50 60 bucks on a crystal
like you could probably spend around ten
to fifteen on a really good piece of
amethyst like for example this piece of
amethyst here this little point right
here this was only three dollars that
psycho guy and then this Chevron
amethyst was a little pricey at 22
dollars but still not bad at all unlike
the cluster was on sale for 30 bucks so
it's like amethyst is a pretty
affordable crystal for you though for
you to get amethyst is a very classic
crystal just about everyone I know has a
piece of it this common crystal is a
perfect stone for the first time crystal
buyer and an excellent companion to
enrich this stone is great stone for
beginners for it helps open our
awareness to the spiritual energies all
around us not only is amethyst a great
stone for strengthening our psychic
senses but it also helps us become more
aware of our higher state be a powerful
stone for healing amethyst is a
must-have for anyone who wishes to
connect with the earth or spirit world
around them you're just like a little
few quick facts about amethyst amethyst
is a very popular crystal for its
beautiful violet color this crystal
forms an geodes out of pockets of lava
and water with iron inside depending on
the iron content will determine the
color and I will also leave some links
down below to some of my favorite
sources for information on amethyst and
there's also links in this post that I'm
referring to in the hatchling plan if
you are so interested in checking that
out as well and I'm always updating
these posts in the hatchling plan when I
find more sources I add them to the post
so we can reference them we can all
access them and so we don't lose our
sources that have been very helpful so I
hope that this video was helpful for you
and I hope what you guys really liked it
I know that there's a lot of videos on
the internet about
and I know that it's a very popular
crystal and I mean I'm no expert but
this is my input on amethyst and just me
talking from like my highest self right
now and like my personal experience and
my personal experience amethyst has been
the only crystal I like to sleep with I
do not really like bringing crystals
into the bed
other than amethyst because I feel like
most of them are going to keep you awake
especially clear quartz like if I had it
my way my crystal would not be in my
room right now because they keep me up
at night as much as I as I wish I can
you know keep them in a place where they
would be safe and no one would bother
them where I'm living right now they
kind of just have to chill with me in
the house so that's totally fine I'm not
complaining but like it's a very good
crystal to bring into the bed with you
very good crystal to sleep with fire by
your pillow under your pillow it's good
to charm your crystals your amethyst
crystals to help with sleep to help with
insomnia to help with anxiety and to
help you relax because that's really
what a very good quality of amethyst and
I really do thoroughly enjoy that and me
personally I do suffer from anxiety
quite a bit and I don't really like to
admit no but I do and I have charmed
this piece of amethyst here the Chevron
the really giant piece I've charmed it
with an anti-anxiety spell so whenever I
hold it essentially sucks being anxiety
out of me and as soon as I held it in
the store it like instantly calmed me so
like if you guys suffer from anxiety I
highly recommend going out shopping for
a piece of amethyst put out into the
universe put out the vibration that you
want to attract a piece of amethyst to
help with your anxiety and that's kind
of what happened with me and so I really
do feel like and that this is a great
crystal for that and I have had such
powerful experiences with it and
whenever I make any sort of mojo bag for
insomnia or anxiety or any sort of like
lucid dreaming or astral projection or
any sort of thing like that I include
amethyst because amethyst is that
crystal that is very calming so it's not
like too supercharged like citrine is
very like blue I'm sorry you know what I
mean but like amethyst is very No
low very calm very peaceful and it's I
think it incur and I don't remember the
name of the brainwave right off the top
of my head but it's very good for
encouraging those deeper states know
those them so the higher states of
consciousness yeah when you have like I
want to stand there like alpha
brainwaves don't quote me on that like I
said I'm not an expert I'm just telling
you guys for my personal experience and
I definitely love amethyst it's one of
my top 10 favorite crystals I have so
much in the face it's ridiculous like I
also give a lot of it away to when you
guys purchase for my Etsy store because
I always get free crystals when you
purchase for my Etsy store thank you
just because I have so many crystals I
can't even use them all so I like to
disperse them quick laughing why don't
you feel me so I'm getting off on a
tangent here but I really hope you
enjoyed this video I really think
there's anything else that I can think
of right off the top of my head that I
want to include for amethyst but like I
said I will leave some links below to
some sources on amethyst that I find
very useful that I reference quite often
and that I have used to learn about
amethyst and I really enjoyed this video
and leave a like on the video if you
would like to see more crystal specific
crystal 101 videos please leave in the
comments section below what crystal
you'd like me to do next because I
pretty much have a soft ton of crystals
and if you name it I probably own at
least one piece of it so leave it in the
comment section below you guys want to
see more videos like this and what
crystal you want me to talk about next
I'm really excited to start this whole
series with the crystal specific videos
I have been wanting to make this video
for so long and I've been doing so much
research so I could give you guys some
good information some educated
information as well as Thaksin personal
experience just because I don't want to
talk out of my ass
so I hope that you guys enjoyed this
video and I think that's like the 40th
time I've said that so I'm going to get
going before this video gets too long
but I hope you guys are having a
wonderful day wherever you are today
thank you for choosing to spend some of
your day with me it really means the
world to me and go find yourself a
relaxing sparkly piece of beautiful
amethyst
you can use in your practice and that
can help you relax and have a good day
also before I go one quick thing about
amethyst is I really helps with fighting
addiction I know I mentioned it earlier
but I wanted to go a little bit more
into it because I have suffered from
addiction and I know people who wear
images especially myself when I have
worn amethyst it's very good to help you
fight those addictions and in ancient
cultures we would drink out of amethyst
chalices so we would be able to control
ourselves once we were intoxicated so we
wouldn't drink too much and so we would
remain what's the word we would remain
classy I know that's not the word I'm
looking for but that's the closest one I
can think of like proper I don't know
there's a word there there's there's a
word there I don't know what it is but
if you suffer from addiction like if you
struggle with alcoholism if you struggle
with being addicted to any sort of
hardcore drugs if you are addicted to
maybe something like sex or maybe you're
addicted to like literally anything like
cigarettes or you know any of that
keeping a piece of amethyst on you is
going to really help you fight those
addictions again I am NOT a doctor and
amethyst isn't going to solve all your
problems please keep in mind that when
it comes to magic and when it comes to
metaphysics it's like it's not going to
fix it all for you you have to do
everything you can in the mundane world
in real world first before you go ahead
and cast your spell's before you use
your crystals and all of that because
they're going to amplify what you're
already doing they're going to increase
the positive vibes that you're already
putting out there or the intentions that
you already have and the actions that
you're already taking so just something
to consider for if you or you know
someone who struggles with addiction
maybe a great gift for them would be a
piece of amethyst so with that being
said I'm going to get on out of here I
hope you guys are having a wonderful
evening I love you guys so much and
sending so many positive vibes to all
the people who are watching this I am
very grateful for you and I'm just so
happy that you decided to click on this
video today so I hope you guys have an
awesome day for the hundredth time
kakie cheeky and freaky little ha
bless the end bye bye bye
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]