hey everyone it's rich with Auto sheeper
uh today we're going to be doing a brake
job on a 2005 Scion tC uh we have some
fat brake pads and we're going to show
you how to change those out uh just a
minute here so the first step we're
going to make sure that the car is off
and in a safe work uh area and then
we're going to go ahead and jack up the
car you want to make sure that the uh
Jack is always used on the car's
designated jack points you can check
your owner's manual if you're sure um
and then just make sure that you have
jack stands to keep the car up and
stable um you definitely don't want a
vehicle falling on you while you're
changing the brakes now that we have the
car up on jack stands uh the next step
is going to be to remove the wheel we're
going to start with the front um so you
just take this lug wrench and get those
lug nuts off the The Wheel here now that
we got the lug nuts off we can just go
ahead and remove the
wheel so we're just going to take a
simple socket and Ratchet and we're
going to remove the caliper bolts
located uh right
back here behind the caliper there's
usually two caliper bolts per caliper uh
on this particular model it's down here
at the bottom so we're going to go ahead
and take that second one out it should
be identical to the first one we're
going to take this flathead screwdriver
and just remove the caliper from the
caliper bracket give it a little muscle
don't want to obviously Force anything
too hard the next step is going to be to
go ahead and take the pads off um we're
just going to gently use the screwdriver
to get underneath and just kind of slide
them out this is the old brake pad here
and we're just going to go ahead and
repeat that with the backpad here so
we've got the new brake pads out of the
box and we're going to go ahead and uh
match them up with the old brake pad we
want to make sure that they uh look you
know similar enough to fit onto the same
vehicle and you also can see here the
difference in wear between the old pads
and the new pads there's quite a
significant uh difference in brake pad
material we're going to go ahead and
take off these little disc pad guides
here um and we're going to clean clean
those with some brake cleaner and just a
little metal
brush repeat that process with this uh
top brake guide here the next thing
we're going to do is we're going to go
ahead and grab some of this brake grease
um you can pick up the little individual
packets from your auto part store you
can get a big can of it um and we're
going to put a very thin amount here
onto these surfaces that we just
cleaned next we're going to take a
little more brake grease and we're going
to apply it to the uh the back surface
of the pad
here don't have to use too much just get
a nice thin coating on there in most
cases uh a new set of brake pads will uh
include this a little set of these um
brake wear indicators uh what these are
going to do is as your brake pad wears
down if it gets to a critically low
level um this is going to make contact
with your rotor and it's going to make a
really awful sound and let you know uh
that it's time to change your pads in
this case um these particular brake pads
did not include a new indicator so we're
just going to pop these off the old
ones and then go ahead and put it right
back where it was on the new
pad so the next step we're going to go
ahead and install the new brake pad um
we're just going to slide it right back
in where the other brake pad was before
[Music]
you're going to occasionally want to
take out these bolts here you're going
to want to slide them out and you're
going to want to clean them up a little
bit and grease them and then put them
back in uh again we took care of that
the last time we did these brakes it's
not necessary every single time um but
it's a good practice to do so uh if you
wanted to get a little Advanced or if
you felt like you needed to uh you might
want to look that up and and see how you
can go ahead and grease these bolts they
should be able to move freely uh without
much binding so we're going to go ahead
and uh remove the master cylinder cap
here so the next thing we're going to do
we're going to go ahead and uh depress
the caliper here um we're going to use
the old brake pad to give us a little
bit more surface area with the C
clamp and we're just going to go ahead
and maneuver
this and just go ahead and clamp it
until it is all the way back inside of
the cper
here okay so once the Piston is all the
way back here um we're going to go ahead
and release it it should hold in that
spot just like
so now we have enough
space to put the caliper back
on okay and then the last thing we're
going to do at this time is go ahead and
put these bolts back in uh you're going
to want them fingertight first and then
we're going to tighten them up with the
wrench okay and you're going to want to
make sure that this is real nice and
tied in
there we're putting these lug nuts back
on um we're going to do the same as
before fingertight first um make sure
that once we get it off the Jack
standand we go through and um tighten up
all these bolts and make sure that
they're all nice and firm definitely
don't want any Wheels coming off when
we're driving down the freeway
especially not in Los Angeles