what's up soleus Chrissy a Korean putt
that combines ended up in the kitchen
you know I always smile and having a
good time you know I mean that's the
personality screaming from the Caribbean
always friendly people we love to have a
good time fat and we D let's get to the
recipe I am NOT a breakfast type of
person however on the weekends time to
time I like to do a nice little burn
something so this is something I put
together with sausages with peppers with
some Caribbean flavors in there you're
gonna like it goes great on a brunch as
I said we're doing a spicy sausage with
peppers let's check it out the first
thing we've got to do is brown and fully
cook the sausages all the way through
few tips I'm using a nonstick pan here
which means I'm gonna use less fat less
grease the next tip for using less
grease I have started off with some
water so maybe about quarter cup of
water in there as well as a little bit
of vegetable oil because later on we're
gonna need some oil when we add the
vegetables to it if you want if you just
do in sausages on its own it will
release some fat so you can omit the oil
in there third tip put the lid on there
it's gonna sort of steam cook later and
you can remove the lid it's gonna cook
all the way through and then you can get
the browning part done the sausages are
fully Brown cooked all the way through
so we're gonna remove them and I'm
putting it in a bowl and I have a little
I have a reason for putting them in a
bowl but it's gonna remove them out of
the pot at this point let them sit let
them cool we're gonna cut them up into
smaller pieces in the city but there's a
reason why I'm putting them in a hole I
will get to that in a second as I said
I'm gonna go in now one medium onion
that I chopped up low heat some fresh
ground black pepper
let that sweat down for about a minute
I'm also going going in with one chopped
very fine flow of garlic and I've got
here some pimento which is some smoked
paprika hot paprika it's gonna go in
with a few pinch of that just be
generous with it and that is there
you'll see some of these Spanish
influence in the Caribbean coming out
there we were colonized by the Spanish
many many centuries ago I mean to say
supposedly we were discovered by the
Spanish as well and I've got some fresh
thyme that's gonna break off the tops no
heat still this is where we're building
even more flavor on the bottom of this
pan next up we're gonna corn with all
those bell peppers I've got here some
scallions and all the ingredients will
be listed down in the description of
this video and soonerlater the recipe
will be posted on Korean Park on as well
now we already have the spice the heat
flavor aspect of things from the
pimenton and found that spicy sausage
that I use in speaking about sausages
you guys can use any sort of sausage you
like your pork is not your thing go and
observe my sausages with beef sausages
any sort of sausage that you like
certainly going with that I like a bit
more heat so I'm gonna go in with some
scotch bonnet pepper and it is just a
green scotch bonnet that I'm using seeds
and everything but again that's totally
up to you let that go for about a minute
or two just to soften everything up and
bring all those flavors together
it's gonna go in with a touch of sea
salt and then I've got all that lovely
sausage that I cut up into sort of
bite-sized pieces
all of that is gonna go back into the
pot here now and if you guys recall I
said put the sausage in a bowl as it
cools down it's going to release all
nice juices hmm questionnaires all kind
of nice play wasn't that one there are
we gonna do toss that and let that go
for another minute just to bring all
those flavors together so there you go
friends it's all done
Christian Caribbean put that come always
a pleasure to have you guys here in the
kitchen with me give the video a thumbs
up share it with friends and I mean to
say you're gonna win some points with
your family with your friends fellas
watch now make this for that special
girl points
bless up have a good one guys