using the new laminators from fellowes
is fast and easy with many of the new
time-saving and convenient features for
business documents crafts or educational
tools Fellowes offers high quality
laminating results that are fast and
easy to achieve use these quick tips to
get the best performance from your
Fellowes laminator when you turn on your
laminator the instant heat feature warms
up the machine in 30 to 60 seconds the
long beep will sound when the machine is
ready for laminating insert your
document into the laminating pouch
fitting the edge of the document to the
seam of the pouch for documents that
require UV protection use image last
pouches which prevent fading and provide
superior protection insert the sealed
edge into the laminator use the guides
to determine where to insert your
document it's very important that you
don't trim the laminating pouch before
laminating if your document becomes
jammed in the machine or if you inserted
the document incorrectly press the
release reverse button to eject the
document for proper insertion if your
laminating multiple documents the
autosense feature will automatically
sense the differences in pouch thickness
so you don't have to make any manual
adjustments take the laminated document
from the receiving tray soon after
lamination after the pouch is cooled you
can trim your laminated document if
desired
for best results be sure to use the
cleaning sheets with your laminator when
you're finished for the day
power down the machine by turning the
switch on the back into the off position
new fellows laminators offer superior
quality that's quick and easy for more
information or ideas visit the fellow's
idea center