hey what brings you in Penny if you
wouldn't mind I'd like to have a
conversation about
girls had a feeling we'd have a talk
like this sooner or
later are you finally getting fuzz in
weird
places Henny please I'm on the horns of
a relationship dilemma for the record I
had a full pubis of hair by the time I
was 19
and for the
record so what are you drinking it's
been a rough day I usually go chamomile
tea but I don't think that's going to
cut it you could have a Long Island Ice
Tea would that calm my
nerves just calm the pants off me a
couple
times
sold so the heart you got from The
Wizard giving you
trouble trouble isn't with me Penny it's
with your gender and someday scientists
will discover that second X chromosome
contains nothing but nonsense and
twaddle yeah Amy told me what happened
look just apologize it'll warm her
twaddle it's a Band-Aid at best yeah the
core problem is that Amy and will do not
like each other which is baffling
because they're both crazy about
me and I like them which indicates
they're bright and interesting Andor we
on Star
Trek hey you can't make people like each
other m true Leonard made me like you
let me tell you that was a hard rad to
Ho cheers
pal
ooh well that is a treat that's hard to
beat get the matad hatter on the horn
I'm having a tea party
you might want to pace yourself I drink
tea all the time I think I know what I'm
doing orbe it for me to criticize a man
with a full
pubis look shanon your problem is not
will Wheaten okay your problem is the
way you treated Amy problem is I'm out
of
tea come on someone insulted your
girlfriend you just let him do it
thought you Tex this guy stood up for
your woman folk Penny please I think
I've evolved beyond my simple rustic
upbringing sorry on the other hand that
low down pole cat done wrong my
woman welcome to Long Island
text Amy deserves better you know when
we buy the Planter's Deluxe mix she eats
all the Brazil nuts so I don't have to
look at
them she's a unique blend of Saint and
squirrel
yep that she is here you go I'm a
callous egomaniac she's going to leave
me no she won't no she won't I'm great