[Music]
so here's a little bonus video of the
whole whammy bar thing have you ever
wondered what what it looks like if you
uh if you take the back plate off your
sort of uh Strat style trem or your
fluid Rose system you're quite likely to
see a site like
this now in my video I can't explained
how this works but this is a very common
site to see them go in this triangular
form and it is very wrong to do that let
me tell you why you need all three of
the strings to be balanced with each
other okay currently because these two
outer ones here aren't going to their um
their corresponding parts on the
claw they
are traveling further than this one is
now some people say this gives you more
tension actually fact this gives you
less some people say it gives you about
the same as two because these two are
pulling so much hard this one there's no
point this one being here but this one
does actually give it so it's less than
having three straight but more than
having
two but it's not great for other reasons
if your if you've got your setup your um
varage set up floating and you pull back
on the bar which causes these to loosen
there is a chance and I have seen it
happen that the middle one because of it
lack of tension will pull loose and
actually fall out then you've only got
the tension of two and your whole guitar
will just go out of tune completely you
have to reset it up it's also not great
to happen going at an anle like this
because of the um the hooks that are
here are being pulled and bent in actual
fact a problem I'm seeing with it with
this right now you might not be able to
tell is that this screw
here which should be fairly straight and
parallel is actually being pulled at an
angle because of the way these are
angled right
now now this isn't good at all so let's
fix this this shall
we now look that's better I managed to
cut my finger open doing
it now we've got them out here all three
of the strings plers now instead of the
M are all the same length and so they're
Distributing the tension correctly as
they should across it which is the best
way of balancing for this is for string
ages from about 8 to you can do it on
about
10 now if you were to go around 10 maybe
11 you'd probably want to have four in
which case you should take the middle
out and you should have one there and
there as well going straight down and
then if you have so and then if you have
11s or above like on my strap then
you'll have a full set of five Springs
these are all evenly distributed across
and they have the proper tension which
you need to keep everything going in
tune well simply if something is off
balance such as having having like one
down the middle and two going like that
it's going to put your whole system out
of balance cuz it just shouldn't be like
that it's some you do see famous people
doing it like I Know Rich Blackmore did
I think I think Van Halen has done it
but it's it's not a it's not a great
system it can work but it doesn't give
you the full tension that three are
going to give
you for my money anyway having three is
a much better system or having five like
I
do just as an extra little thing here
some people like Eric Johnson insist
that um the Strat sounds better with the
back plate off and it does sound
different yeah I I per to my own ear it
I I I don't really go either way but for
practicality I tend to keep the back
cover on because once a freak accident
occurred where somehow some way the
zipper for my flyer on my jeans managed
to catch itself in a spring
don't ask I I tooly don't know how that
happened hello if you enjoyed the video
hit like and if you really enjoyed and
want to see more hit subscribe goodbye