welcome to RIT 101 mixing colors so I
love to make all different colors and I
love looking at the pantelon seasonal
colors so I went to our color library at
RI Studio clicked on the color library
and pulled up the newest Pantone
seasonal colors love this orange so I
clicked on the orange and up popped the
recipe for koi it asks for Sunshine
orange tangerine and Cocoa Brown so
let's make it and see what happens first
it asks for two teaspoons of sunshine
orange so I'm going to pour that into a
cord of very hot water
one next it calls for one teaspoon of
tangerine and then last but not least it
asks for an eigh of a teaspoon of Cocoa
Brown mix all that
up and now we have our D bath for koi
orange just make sure that I've done the
recipe correctly I'm going to tear off a
little piece of
this paper towel and just test it to
make sure here it goes I hope it's a
pretty
orange I love it it's a koi orange from
the panto and seasonal colors enjoy
mixing your own colors