hey it's Monica it's just sewing and I
love making beautiful things but I also
believe that your seams should be just
as beautiful on the inside issue project
looks on the outside so today I'm going
to show you two techniques to clean up
those insides so that all those frayed
edges and all those miscellaneous
threads get all tucked in and cleaned up
so if you're making pajama bottoms
pillows or purses it doesn't matter your
insides are going to look just as
beautiful as your outside so come with
me and I'm going to show you how it's
done
for a beginner the best way to clean up
all of those threads that are fraying is
to use pinking shears and pika cheers
are available at any craft store and
they're the ones that have the little
zig zag which a lot of times people
think is just for decoration but it
actually serves a purpose so what you
want to do is just go ahead and cut
those edges off the zig zags will help
prevent fraying every time that you wash
it the most important thing to know is
that you just want to make sure you
don't cut your stitch line that would
not be good
pinking shears are such a great option
for anybody who's new to sewing because
a lot of times when you have a brand-new
sewing machine you might not have the
ones that have bells and whistles like
an overlocking
or an or casting stitch so having
pinking shears in your arsenal is really
helpful
so my absolute favorite way to clean up
raw edges is using an over locking
stitch now with baby locks and brothers
they come with a lot of other machines
as well but they all come with stitches
that are for over locking or over
casting and they'll come with a foot
that you can attach that helps with this
process so you can see hopefully you can
see that there's a little tiny blade
that comes down it's not sharp or
anything like that but it's a blade that
prevents the fabric from crossing over
and so you'll see in a second how that
helps with an or locking or over casting
stitch so let's go ahead and remove our
old foot and put the new one on and I
have my machine set to an over locking
stitch and what I want to do is put my
fabric in and lay it down oh this is
like a modified way of using a serger
because what's going to happen is now
that the fabric is only lined up to here
and not past and the needle is going to
dance on and off of the fabric and that
hugs in all of those threads that would
eventually fray so we're going to go
ahead and get started and hopefully
you'll be able to see this
let's get an even closer up close
picture of this this is that cool the
way that it dances off and on the fabric
cleans up all those threads you're not
going to have a fray in sight it's so
cool and there you go
you can see what it looks like up close
and personal isn't that beautiful
that is why I love using it over casting
stick alright so no more excuses your
seam should be just as beautiful on the
inside as they are on the outside now if
you're interested in learning how to
make a French seam you can visit the
link that we have down below for our
perfect pillowcase tutorial and it's
going to teach you how to make a
beautiful French seam really easy really
sweet and absolutely no edge of showing
whatsoever so definitely check that out
now for more low sono so in simple so
projects visit our website it's just
sewing com we also have inspiration and
giveaways there and make sure to
subscribe to our YouTube channel thank
you so much for watching and we'll see
you soon bye
you