hello everyone i'm colin cannet while
i've got this mexiwa edger and bandra
here i'm going to take advantage of it
and do a little project that my wife has
been asking me to do a little cupboard
for her laundry room and i'm going to
use some of this double-sided melamine
so stick around and let's do that build
[Music]
and now i need to cut all the pieces to
length
here's our five pieces for our little
cabinet
the two sides and the three shelves now
the next thing i need to do is to cut
dados in the two sides and in the top
but the other two shelves are inside the
dado so we use the same setting we just
cut that right off i'll show you what i
mean
on the back of the cabinet i'm going to
use a cleat system and i know it's hard
for you to see but there's what that
looks like because it's white on white
and it has you can see it has an
undercut angle on it and that will go
all the way across the top of the back
of the cabinet
on the wall there will be a mating plate
a mating piece like this and it will sit
on the wall like that so that when i go
to lift the cabinet on the wall it will
just
sit in there like that now what i need
to do
when i'm cutting the rabbet for this i'm
going to use this cleat because i
already know how wide this is so i'm
going to use this as part of the
measurement so watch how we do that so
first of all i want to set the height of
the blade i'm not going to bother trying
to measure it i just use one of my
little measuring bars and i'll put a
link for that so you'll know where those
are
now i'm not going to make any measuring
for the dado because all i know is that
there's going to be a cleat on the back
and it's going to be exactly that width
so all i need to do now is put that
cleat up against the fence or against
the blade and adjust my fence
to right
there and now when i run my boards
through that's where i'll cut the dado
and for the boards that are going to be
inside the dado i'll just raise the
blade and cut them right off
now that my sides and shelves are all
the proper width the next thing i need
to do is put a nice face on them so that
they all match up and i'm going to be
bringing in the edge bander and the edge
trimmer to do that we'll have that job
done in no time
[Music]
[Music]
now that all my pieces are nicely edged
and banded the next thing i need to do
is assembly and for that
i'm going to be using these corner
brackets so i'll clamp my pieces to that
not only does that keep my
pieces
square to one another or
right angles
but it also holds them for me so it does
double duty now for assembly i could use
biscuits i could use dowels
but in this case because none of the
sides are visible they're all going to
be next to another cabinet or a wall i'm
going to be using some one and a quarter
inch staples i've tested these they work
really really well on mdf material
and of course i'll be using my air
stapler to attach them i'm not going to
be showing you everything in the
assembly because some of it's just
hard to actually film but you'll get the
idea anyway
well
i have good news and i have bad news i
do have material for the back which i
thought i had on hand and i do uh
unfortunately the my biggest
biggest piece isn't quite large enough
so what i'm going to have to do i'm
going to have to do it in a couple of
pieces and i do have enough pieces that
i can split the back
and run it along the back of this inside
shelf so
it's just another little challenge of
woodworking that we have to adapt to so
i'm going to cut a couple pieces and
we'll slide those in and fasten them
down
so here's my cleat
and it's really simple all it is is a
board a foot wide and i've just cut a 45
degree
cut it in half by cutting a 45 degree
angle of it and basically one half of
the cleat fits in the cabinet like that
the other part you fasten to the wall of
course you level it and then all you
need to do is lift the cabinet onto the
wall and then it automatically just sits
on that like that so it's a really quick
easy way of hanging cabinets
well that concludes my video for today
making an mdf shelf and it's really that
easy and the nice thing i like about it
is there's no painting there's nothing
to do it's all ready to go i've got the
space in the laundry room already i'll
show you some before and after pictures
you'll be able to see what it looks like
i'm colin kannette for woodwork web
thanks for watching
you