here's a Skype cosplay bonsais I'm gonna
go over a little quick tip I do with my
clothes usually I really don't like any
type of label on the clothes this is a
really basic one and easy to remove but
take that off use a simple seam ripper
this came with my sewing machine can
find them pretty much anywhere see it's
got the curve here and the tip it's very
easy to get small threads what I usually
do right when I buy it is a take off
anything like that I don't want then I
wash it up there's a same brand it's
basically the same just different color
can't see the holes at all in this one
it's been washed quite a bit so it
usually takes one or two there may be a
few more washings for it - totally not
show up but I think it turns out well
once you remove those knots acini
emblems basically you're paying for
advertising I'm just gonna easily take
it off with this usually start on the
top because I don't care about this
label thing now I don't want to rip the
actual pants but sometimes I might
either go back or right through it these
are usually sharp enough that you can do
stuff like that
see you definitely still shows but like
I said once you wash it quite a few
times it will not show up anymore
that's pretty much it we find it useful
Thanks