hey what's up guys welcome back today
I'm going to show you how to make a very
delicious spinach artichoke dip and I'm
going to pair it with um some herb and
parmesan cheese toasted baguette it's
just going to be absolutely delicious so
first up we're going to cook your
artichokes get a decent sized stock pot
fill it about 3/4 of the way with water
um add about a pinch of salt and then
you're just going to wait the top of the
arch chokes down with the bowl or if you
have a lid for your stock pot just uh
cover them up and you're going to cook
these for about 30 minutes
all right so it's just been a few
minutes past the half hour mark I'm
going to pull my arter chokes out of my
boiling water um let them cool down for
at least a half hour before I start
peeling the leaves off uh one good way
to tell if they're done is if you just
tug on a leaf it should just fall right
off without a struggle but once that's
done and they're cool down you're going
to start taking all the leaves off all
the way down to the center of the
artichoke heart which is actually the
choke of the artichoke and you're just
going to take a spoon and simply scoop
it out if you've cooked it well enough
it should be pretty tender and you
should uh shouldn't have any trouble
taking this little hairy bit out but
like I said it should be pretty easy and
once that's done you're just going to
repeat the process with the rest of the
artichokes after all the arti show carts
are removed um and the uh the hair has
been all scraped out I like to reserve
as much at the stem as possible and just
clean it up because I think there's some
pretty good meat there
um but once that's done you're just
going to Simply slice up the artichokes
dice them to your liking I like you know
chunky artichoke dices in my spinach
artichoke dip just because I really like
to see the actual ingredients in the dip
and uh it actually yields just a really
delicious buttery artichoke flavor
throughout the dip
after that I'm going to slice up some
baby spinach that I quickly blanched and
pressed and uh this is going to go in
the dip later on at the very end
otherwise it'll just turn brown uh once
that's done you're going to get a medium
sauté pan put it on medium to high heat
add some butter to it and you're going
to make a very simple rude just by
adding some allpurpose flour and you're
going to cook this for about 3 to 4
minutes after that you're going to add
your artichoke hearts and that's just
going to start imp parting that
delicious buttery artichoke flavor right
off the bat with this dip once that's
done you're going to add some milk to it
and continue to cook this mixture for
another 3 to 4 minutes just make sure
you give it a good stir in between
you're also going to add some Parmesan
cheese to this it's also going to help
thicken it along with some really really
good English cheddar cheese uh which is
going to maintain the color of the
spinach artichoke dip along with adding
a wonderful sharp flavor to it um after
that you're going to add some garlic
powder and some onion powder um followed
by some salt and some cracked black
pepper and then you're going to add your
baby spinach that's all sliced up and
then last but not least you're going to
finish it off with a good helping of
cream cheese give it a good stir once
that's done you're going to add it to um
a nice little casserole dish or clay pot
or just really whatever container that's
baked safe uh top it off with some more
parmesan cheese and then you're going to
throw it into a 500° oven for about 10
to 15 minutes just so it develops a
wonderful golden brown crust
all right so while you're waiting for
spinach artichoke dip to bake in the
oven I'm going to take some Rosemary and
some thyme peel off the leaves straight
off the stem give this a very fine chop
um and then Reserve until I'm ready to
use once that's done I'm going to pull
out my baguette slice it all the way
across but make sure not to slice it all
the way through because I'm going to
keep this all together um I'm going to
bake this bagette as a whole but um at
the end it's almost going to be this uh
herb and parmesan cheese crusted
uh pull apart bread it's just going to
be a nice little presentation and a fun
way to eat spinach artichoke dip you're
going to drizzle a little bit of olive
oil right on the top uh top it off with
the herbs a little bit of salt and
cracked black pepper and of course I'm
going to shave some fresh parmesan
cheese right on top put this in a baking
tray and put it in the 500° oven to bake
for about 5
minutes all right so once your artichoke
dip is just be beautifully golden brown
and bubbling take it out of the oven uh
put it straight down on your dinner
table or your coffee table pull out that
delicious toasted baguette and all there
is to do is enjoy a delicious spinach
artichoke dip that's paired with a
stellar herb and parmesan cheese toasted
bagette o this looks good this like pull
apart is kind of the Cuda gr to this
whole spinach artichoke
dip oh my gosh it's like still smoking
hot oh yeah sometimes it's cool just to
find the really crispy piece of bread
that everybody else has sort of picked
around it's just like the perfect little
dipping
chip or a little herb and the bread to
make this really beautiful floral flavor
everything is just complimenting each
other the herbs with the artichokes the
crispy textures with the tender textures
this is just uh just a wonderful
dip hopefully you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please thumbs up
subscribe and comment below for future
video requests things you want to see on
my channel and I'll see you guys next
time with another delicious recipe bye
everybody
oh