this episode sponsored by
ladyfootlocker.com you have a lot going
on work school friends kids cocktail
parties go prepared and look good while
you're doing it head to Everyday
diggers. tv/ to save 10% off orders $50
or more at ladyfootlocker.com
[Music]
welcome to Common Man cocktails your
host Derrick schmer today we're doing a
little outside shot to to introduce the
uh the coconut rum episode so what I
want to do is just get the coconut
prepared and it's real simple and
explain what you're going to need for
some tools if you're going to do this at
home uh what I use is real coconuts and
a drill so you got to get yourself a
drill this is my Makita here with u my
drill I already D drill drilled that's a
word the holes for the for the into the
coconut with this big drill bit here I
use a nice thick one to get the the
coconut out it's going to come out a
little slow cuz I only drilled one hole
but it'll do the job I suggest cleaning
your drill bit first I mean you could I
guess put in some drywall and then drill
through your coconut but I wouldn't
suggest that just you know some
dishwasher so clean it out like you
clean anything if you want to go crazy
maybe boil it not that crazy then what I
have are two coconuts these guys here
and I drilled right through one of the
eyes of each and uh there's green
coconut coconuts too but you don't want
to use the green coconuts for this this
there's more liquid in here than the
green coconuts I think there's more
flesh in the green or meat if you will
in the green coconut and I'm using just
the Collins glass so that you can get a
perspective um of what it kind of should
look like and how much you'll fill with
a single
coconut so here we go
ready it's going to pour a little slow
cuz there's only one hole so it's got to
get the oxygen or the air through there
I'll let that go for a minute
so we got two of those the other things
you're going to
use the uh oh really no barking sit down
is um some of these balls
glasses Abby
Abby stop anyway so these are the balls
glasses we're going to use for the final
product I don't have any rum yet cuz I
kind of forgot to buy it so this is
going to be a multi-day multi-art
episode so what we're going to do is put
the rum in here with the coconut in the
end and we're going to let it settle um
for now now we're just going to get the
coconut water out so looks like that guy
doesn't have too much in there we'll
pour the rest right in here and you're
going to want to filter it because
there's some dirt from the uh or
coconut stuff in there there will also
be some pieces of coconut but not really
worried about those what you just want
to get out is the dust from the uh the
shell so run it through like a coffee
filter or something like that you've got
yourself some coconut water and we're
going to use that coconut water for
Friday's episode we're going to make a
coconut cocktail but right now what you
have is these empty coconuts these
things are tough nut to crack um so what
we're going to do is I'm going to bang
it and crack it open but before I do
that even though this one looks a little
split going to throw it in the oven for
15 minutes get it nice and hot then let
it cool a little bit and that'll make
the shell brittle so we can hit it with
a hammer so a few things you're going to
need is you're going to probably want a
flathead screwdriver a hammer um
something to drill through take the
coconut water out a couple of these to
hold the final product uh rum so get a
750ml bottle of rum and uh a drill we
said all that and next step is next part
which we'll cut to right now thanks to
editing we'll go through and we're going
to we're going to break these open and
maybe peel out some of this fleshy stuff
because that's the only thing we want is
inside there the rest of it's all just
work so all right let's go do
that all right in the next phase what
we're going to do is we're going to take
the pineapple pineapples we're going to
take the Coconuts we're going to throw
them in the oven and we're going to
leave them on
there preheat the oven if you want leave
it on there for about 15 minutes no more
really you don't want to uh you don't
want to burn them you just want to
basically get the shell a little brittle
and what that's going to do is if
there's any minute cracks or anything in
that shell it will help it just crack
open when you're not even you don't even
have to do anything just sit it there
wait a few minutes wait for it to cool
down after it's done and you'll start to
hear it crickle and crackle and make all
these weird noises I'll show you that in
a minute after we time lapse through the
15 minutes um the other thing to note I
think I had said it earlier I was a
little incorrect is there's two
different looking coconuts there's a
green coconut and then there is a brown
coconut and they're the same coconut
it's just one has had its husk removed
so it's it's got the little stringy
brown stuff on it and one's usually
going to be your mature coconut which is
the brown and then your green one is the
immature coconut and if you cut the
green ones you're going to get a lot
more liquid out of it uh in in the case
that when we decided to take drain the
liquid out of ours we got a small amount
like right about up to here so you'd
probably almost feel this thing if you
used a green coconut so if you're
looking to make a lot of coconut water
for something you probably want to shop
around for the green ones if you're
looking for more meat to get the like
white meat maybe coconut milk or
something like that or say coconut rum
you're going to want the more mature
ones cuz we're really looking for the
meat the water is nice to have but
that's not the the end goal so we'll
wait our 15 minutes and then we'll we'll
start talking about what we're going to
do with this simple syrup all
right all right our 15 minutes have gone
by and what we're going to do next is
quite special I I want to show you what
the Coconuts look like we're going to go
back outside again and bang these guys
open and start taking out some of the
flesh but what I wanted to do is show
you what will look like coming out of
the oven after about 15 20 minutes of
just just sitting still you'll uh you'll
get
this this cool little sometimes it'll
crack you can see right inside this was
there was a minute hairline crack that
looked similar to these little edgings
on here but um they opened up this one
started to crack it's making some noises
but it it cracked along the Top ridg
Line a little bit and uh what I did to
just kind of help it along is take a
screwdriver and just
tweak it around the edge and you're
going to probably end up being able to
take the whole top right off whoa like
that check it out so what you have here
if this wasn't the side that had the
hole drilled in it you can use this as a
cup and no you could leave that there
I'll handle that later um you can wash
it out cuz it's going to have like some
brown bits in it from all the outside
edging but this is the part we want is
this white part what we don't want is
that shell so we're going to bang the
shell off take the white stuff out the
the fleshy bits the meats and we're
going to blend them let's see is the
blender on here yeah so there's a little
Chopper if you have a like a little
electronic Chopper you could just go and
get it to kind of chop up a little bit
into something that's uh a little more
manageable kind of like a uh not not as
much as a powder but little chunks
that'll help then what we're going to do
is we're going to make a simple serf
which we do on the show all the time and
what we're going to do in this case is
an ounce and a half of
water
and 12 oz or a cup and a half of sugar
we're going to let them
sit now the heat's not on right now cuz
I don't want to cook it immediately what
I really want to do is just kind of let
it sit and and have the sugar absorbed
so it gets more of a liquid then we'll
start boiling it and we're going to put
the meat in it later so that you could
get the the heart of what the coconut
rum is going to be um so next we'll go
outside and we'll start banging on some
coconuts all right let's
go all right so the next step we're
going to do which I kind of started just
to move this along a little bit is to
get through some of the shell so what
you want to do to get through the shell
is the only real two things I use right
now this is a uh flathead screwdriver
preferably and a hammer you can clean
them off if you want to my goal in the
end is I'm going to clean off all the
meat anyway that comes out of here so
I'm not too too concerned I clean a
little bit of everything but
realistically we'll do the cleaning part
later so that's kind of what it looks
like when you hit it with a hand Hammer
I'll hit this one again and you don't
have to like hit it hard cuz it's so
brittle from putting it in the oven that
it cracks right open right so now you
got all your little pieces try crack
this one a little
bit some of the parts will start to fall
off and you can probably peel most of
them back it's kind of messy which is
why I decided to do it outside cuz all
the just the hairs and everything um and
if you're lucky you're going to get this
just to fall right out and what you have
here is the coconut meat with the thin
shell in the back back and what you're
going to need to do with that little
shell to get that off is what I've done
or what I usually do is use a uh a
potato peeler to just peel off this it's
like a thin paper thin shell casing on
the edge of this thing that you got to
get off at this point you just want to
get the hard shell off and in in many
cases what you could do is just pry it
off with your uh with your flathead
screwdriver and you'll get smaller
pieces depending on how creative and you
get that it does want to stick what you
don't want to do is stick
yourself uh in you're if you're lucky
you're going to get big old pieces off
big chunks and this is really the
hardest part of the of the entire
process of making coconut rum and this
is why it's not really cost effective
unless you really want a a badass rum so
this stuff is all just shell you can
toss that get rid of it so what we're
going to do the rest of this little mess
here is I'm going to peel or get it all
into this little top we bowl bring it
inside wash it and um we'll move on in
the next part well maybe I'll show a
little bit of the peeling and then uh
blend it and get to the making the
actual the stew the soup the sugary
coconut mess uh that'll be our next step
so I'm going to get back to doing this
and with the magic of filming we'll do
the rest inside all right
all right so what we've done now is
we've we've hammered it down and what I
did is we went along and we we cracked
it open we got all this nice little
white meaty substance in here peeled off
the edge and what you want to do for
that is I left a little piece here this
took I was timing it the stuff's
everywhere um I was timing it was about
I'd say 15 minutes of hard labor this is
not really that easy to do uh this is
probably
besides the strength you need to crack
some of the the nut off of the actual
coconut peeling this like that and
making a uh you know just peeling off
the the out Outer edges to get that meat
to just be clean then wash it down and
everything it takes takes some time but
it's the love of The Craft so what we
end up with is a little leftover this is
typically why I use two coconuts instead
of just one coconut first I like to have
a little extra coconut flavor in there
secondly uh if I get frustrated with the
smaller pieces trying to cut them off
since you have two you get a lot more
larger pieces to work with you could
pick and choose the ones you want and
then either throw the rest away or
figure out some other creative thing to
do with the coconut and then what we got
is our grinder so I've got it here in a
little grinder and I don't know if this
is going to work on camera it's probably
not going to work on design but I'll
show you what it looks like when we're
done too anyway let's just try and see
so I got a chop and a grind I'm going to
go with a
chop make
more see what grind
does
o that's
good all right let's see what it looks
like so far and this is a trial and
error process I got to ah unhook the
thing be a little see this one could
probably go through a little more uh
grinding but it's a it's good start to
show off what we have if I can I swear
the bottom comes off there we go so what
we basically end up is with is a uh a
ground up
dry uh coconut stuff substance and these
bigger chunks we can regrind them up a
little bit maybe take them out put them
in um with the next batch I have and
we're going to just keep grinding it up
um after we've got it all ground we
we'll show you what to do next all right
I'm going to continue doing this it's
that
cool all right Next Step what we're
going to do is we're going to we've got
the simple syrup boiling I just started
it up it's been going for about 2
minutes maybe a little more now it's
starting to get a little warm so what I
want to do is I'm going to take the
grounds that I and you don't want it to
get too much it starts to Brown and
smell like caramel then things get then
you don't you have caramel you don't
simple serve um and here's our lovely
pile of coconut grounds and what you're
going to do is just right as it's
boiling in there feed them in and you
want to pretty much stack it so it's
nice and uh packed with coconut and to
the point where you you can't even tell
it's simple SHP it just like coconut in
in like a almost like a lava of coconut
there's just so much in there and if you
make enough where you have a extra you
you can kind of measure it if if you
want to add more if you seem like you
might have put way too much like it's
piled up with coconut you know see any
liquid in here then you know probably
stop in my case I made just a perfect
amount that way you end up with a little
more if you cut one coconut and you
don't feel like you have enough in there
you're going to be short and you're then
you're going to have to stop the process
and go get another
coconut or or just make a weaker run all
right a weaker coconut flavor
rum uh so the last step what we're going
to do is we're going to put the the
remaining simple syrup and coconut
mixture into the actual glasses I did
one already somewhat so it looks like
this it it really probably from your
perspective it looks a little white but
it's kind of a gr ground up dryness
there's really not a lot it's not
appetizing looking um so what I was
doing is taking a lot of the the mashed
up Blended and soaking coconut and
sticking it inside the containers
themselves and trying to get them both
equal and then we'll pour the rest of
the stuff in there as best we could with
some some amount of mess because it's
not a clean process per se
and there is some liquid and you want to
keep that liquid in
here because that's the simple syrup
that's the
sugars now we're done now what you want
to do is you want to pick your
favorite favorite rum whatever that
happens to be in this case I'm going to
try bicardi I have a couple here this
one that I made I've used on the show
before that guy right here which is the
one I made first is in a cool container
is uh crusan
the this guy here
and the stuff that's currently sitting
in here you can see kind of separates
and it'll flow to the top um that's see
that was Don Q cristalle and so I
figured we we'll try a bicardi one this
is just bicardi Superior you don't need
to go real highend because you're not
looking for too much excessive flavor
out of the light rum because it's really
all about the coconut at this this point
although although I do want to try
putting the two together and seeing what
the the tastes would be differently when
between the Don Q the kruan and the
bicardi leave a little room at the
top put the covers
on and you're going to let these guys
sit for two to 3 weeks or so and I
suggest you taste them every now and
then uh you also by the way you want to
let that the simple syrup mixture cool
down so that it's it's not Hut to the
touch um and then what you'll do is you
got these guys in here shake them drop
them down you do
that once a day every day you walk by
put it on your nowhere near the windows
but someplace on your path to wherever
you go during the day um and when you
walk by just give it a shake so it gets
all cloudy put it down in 3 weeks we can
take these out and see how they taste
and uh so maybe I'll make a separate
video on how I'm going to go about
straining it cuz that's always a
creative process to get that coconut out
cuz the end result is you want something
that's it's going to still you're not
going to have a perfect filter because
you're not you don't have a facility but
you can get it to that color by getting
out all the the the coconut pieces that
are kind of floating in here and getting
just that raw liquid so next episode
well no no 3 weeks from now a couple
weeks in one of the episodes we'll go
through how we're going to try that but
that is how you start the process of
infusing your coconut rum using real
coconuts if you want to save yourself a
lot of time go to an Asian food
restaurant or Asian food uh grocery
store and pick up a frozen bag of ground
coconut and that will save you the whole
process that we've gone through you just
have to do the simple syrup and coconut
mixture this part and you'd be done you
wouldn't need to grind and shave and all
that stuff so that's one way to cut
yourself a lot of time if you have that
available to you um so there you go I'm
your host Derrick Scher we're teaching
you how to make coconut infus
[Music]
rum my head in the picture um yep yeah
everything's good uhhuh it's just
there's a camera thing on your head a
camera thing on my head oh yeah you did
display okay everything good