hi my name is Melissa Hall from homemade
candle creations and today we're gonna
learn how to make some a town square
mason jars soy candles this is one that
I've already had made up ahead of time
and this is what they're gonna look like
when they're done so for supplies if we
need to a town square mason jars we will
need two wicks I like to use the cd18 I
found that they work best for me and my
mason jars and we'll need two chip clips
to clip the wicks on the top of the
mason jars to keep them centered once we
poured our candles will need wick
stickers to stick to the bottom of our
wicks so that they will stick to the
bottom of the candles and stay put we'll
need some red candle dye you can use any
color you want
actually yeah but just make sure that
it's actually made for candles we'll
need some one ounce of fragrance oil and
I'm using raspberry cordial today from
candle cocoon and we will need a poor
pot they have bigger four pots in it if
you're gonna be making more candles or a
couple larger size candles and we'll
need a candy thermometer to keep track
of our temperature we'll need a pot with
some water in the bottom of it and that
will be so that we can once we put our
wax in here we can put it in here and
this will melt that's what we'll use to
melt the wax you always want to have
water in the bottom or use a double
boiler you can use a double boiler too
so that the wax doesn't
confessing and we'll need one pound of
soy wax and this is enchanted lights soy
wax that I buy from candle solutions
calm and candle solutions is the company
that I buy most of my candle supplies
from they have really good prices and
they have pretty much everything that
you would need I get my eight ounce
mason jars from them too and so they're
a good company to deal with and that's
www.cannainsider.com
so that's our supplies I also use wax
paper to put underneath my candles so
that when I'm pouring and it drips it's
easier to clean up and the nice thing
about soy wax is that if it does drip
onto your counter or your work area you
can pretty much just use soap and water
to clean it up so we're gonna get
started I'm gonna turn my stove on to
about four to heat the water up in the
pan and then I'm going to turn my
digital scale on you can use any kind of
kitchen scale but a digital scale is
really nice because it you can measure
things a lot more accurately so I'm
gonna put my poor pot on there my empty
port pot and there will zero it out and
then I'm going to for one pound of wax
and I actually pour a little bit less
than one pound because if I do fifteen
ounces of wax instead of sixteen and
then I put one ounce of fragrance oil in
then that adds up to one pound so and
now I'm going to go ahead and put I pour
pot in here and let it heat up the wax
and once the wax reaches 185 degrees
that's when we want to take it out and
set it back on the scale so we can add
our fragrance oil and our dye so now we
would so our soy wax is now melted all
the way and it's at about a hundred and
ninety degrees right now so we're gonna
put we're gonna turn our scale on and
take that and put it on the scale I'm
gonna let it cool just a moment
because you really don't want it above a
hundred and eighty-five degrees when we
add our fragrance oil okay so now we're
going to zero it out and I'm gonna add
one ounce of fragrance oil
okay and then we're going to stir it
really well make sure that the fragrant
soil is incorporated really well so that
our candles will be sent it evenly and
now I'm gonna put the red candle dye in
and I'm gonna use four drops and I'll
stir that up nicely
I like to stir it quite a few times just
to make sure everything gets mixed up
really well so now we have our fragrance
oil and our dye mixed up in there and
now we're gonna have to sit and wait for
it to cool enough to pour into our jars
if you pour it too hot it's gonna cause
candle frosting on the top which is
little white white things on the top
that looks like it's frosted it doesn't
hurt the candle but it doesn't look
really pretty either so and it can also
cause it to separate some from the sides
of the jar so it looks like there's wet
spots so to get a really nice looking
candle it's best to wait until it's down
to about 95 100 degrees before you pour
right so our white this is just about
ready to pour go ahead and put I've
already put one Wiccan
but the WIC sticker onto the WIC tab
feeling anger and then they all take
stick it right in the center and the
neat thing about these mason jars is
that there is a number right in the
middle of the bottom and so if you put
your wick Center it right on that number
then it'll be pretty much right in the
center our wax is getting cloudy which
means it's about that's about the right
temperature for so
nice and even
name up I'm gonna put the chip clips on
make sure it's nice and centered and
that'll hold the wick in place nicely
[Music]
so now you'll need to wait so the
candles are completely cooled and you
should wait at least 24 hours before
burning them for the first time waiting
two days to allow them to cure is the
best thing to do so thank you for
watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video you can visit me at WWN how to
make soy candles calm for more soy
candle making instructions and how to
start a soy candle business if you have
any comments or questions please feel
free to leave a comment down below and
if you really like the video you can
click the like button for me I'd really
appreciate it and also you can subscribe
to my channel and keep up to date with
more videos I'll be coming down with so
thank you again for watching and I help
you enjoy making soy candles