hi I'm Casey Lackey for innovative
shorts and today we're going to be
making my rest of the world modeling
chocolate so outside of North America it
can be really hard to find candy melts
or corn syrup so this is a recipe I have
developed to kind of give everybody else
a chance to make the wonderful thing
that is modeling chocolate so what I
have here is 500 grams of white
chocolate this is actually a South
African brand that I'm using I'm going
to compile a list and put in the comment
section of this tutorial so that you can
kind of know what's good per country
that I've been to if you were to create
a list and you've made successful
mileage of it let us know it will put it
in just separating me and just like with
the American following chocolate you
want to melt your white chocolate down
on a double boiler kind of an old Oh
bubble until it's nice and melty and
smooth and so once it's spoo I'm going
to take it off set off with the siphon
apps you don't want it to get too hot
and this is my glucose I've got 250
grams of glucose here and to this
because glucose has a lower water
content than corn syrup you need to add
a little bit of water to this to help
seize the chocolate is what I found so
250 grams of glucose 1 teaspoon of war
so from here just like with the other
video we're going to go and microwave
this for about 1-2 minutes to get it
nice and liquidy and spit right up
alright so we've got our glucose melted
down and nice warm and I've stirred the
water into it so you can see it's nice
and liquidy and smooth it's easier for
dumping into our chocolate so at this
point I will put my chocolate back on
the double boiler the important part of
his method is keeping it over the heat
it's not a rolling boil and just like a
low bubble is what I say with it pour in
your glucose pretty scrappy spray
yeah
and so then
start mixing mixing mixing over Bowl
and most people would tell you to stop
about right here but what happens when
you do is I find a lot of fat kind of
separates out as it's cooling you end up
with lumps it's not smooth it so I keep
going I will stir it every chocolate
will do something different there's a
brand of chocolate from Mexico Club
chocolate mix that really really
separates when you make modeling
chocolate with it but you just have to
be patient and keep stirring all of that
go back together because it's on the
heat if you try and do this method with
the microwave it's not no work because
it's going to get too hot and then too
cold and too hot and too cold going in
and out of the microwave but you can
kind of see on the edge of the bowl
that's kind of the vegetable fat cocoa
butter depending on the chocolate you're
using it's coming out you just kind of
keep going right here and at this point
if you wanted to you could actually
color this batch we're going to end up
owing a special story and show you guys
that you kind of mix it all together
to all that fat back in 10 it is this
nice smooth almost you know silky
looking consistency if it's got a lot of
air bubbles or holes or looks kind of
like curdled you need to keep stirring
so at this point we can color it so let
me grab my color real quick and right so
I'm going to add my color I'm going to
do a nice kind of medium turquoise if
you wanted to do a really dark color
like a dark red a dark orange black you
want to add the color into the glucose
and water mixture taking out a
tablespoon of the mixture for every
teaspoon and a half of color you put in
so it's two parts of the mixture out for
every one part of color you put in so
you can do more or less the orange is
the one where you tend to use the most
good at nice bright orange but for this
just add a couple of drops in there
because about up to about like five or
five six seven drops won't change the
consistency of your modeling chocolate
it won't make it too wet or too soft
isn't this so much easier than needed in
colors yes it is that's why I like doing
this when it's still warm because you
don't have to sit there and knead it
it's not as hard on your wrists
but you just sit here and going back and
forth and whenever you color the top and
get nice and like smooth and extend no
fat left over
and you're done with this it should be a
fairly clean bowl
so there we go nice and color that was
easy and so just like with the other
recipe at this point you want to pour
this out on a line sheet red be sure to
wipe the bottom of your bowl so that you
don't get water in it
it all up and then once again I always
like to just kind of smooth it out on
the board or on the sheet pan just so
when I go to need it it's a little bit
easier to break pieces off there you go
once it's cool
rapid stored in an airtight container
and it will last about a year it has the
same shelf life as fondant at this point
you want to keep it in a cool dry place
in an airtight container so there you go
modeling chocolate for the rest of the
world