okay good morning y'all y'all see me
okay
I'm gonna fry your um I'm gonna do uh
some liver and onions for this Sunday
morning okay
now I got my liver right here okay
I'm put my seasoning on it cuz my season
worked on it just fine and I'm going to
you I'm gonna put a little I've got some
butter in the skillet okay I had to cut
it off because I wasn't quite ready but
I move a little bit more butter in the
skillet we gonna have some money liver
and onions and our grits and biscuits
this morning okay so let y'all see me do
this again okay okay ah I want to give
up well I'm really giving a shout out to
all the little guy Brandon that does the
Purdy of me and Tavis okay I want to
give you my honest opinion of what I
think about it it's your thing you do
it's your thing you do what you want to
do but I personally if you trying to get
me to approve something that you do that
in it okay ah I don't like the feedback
of what uh temps get from it or for what
I get from it um we're not gay I don't
have anything against gay people but I
don't think that's funny at all uh at
all and if you're trying to copy off of
me that's not copying on for me so I'm
just letting y'all know
so anyway anyway I'm grilli's onions
right quick okay y'all see that see them
in the onions okay I'm grilling over
chili get little brown
and this shouldn't take for a minute you
already know if that skillet had a bit
on I would have been doing it by now
anyway um why don't you I'm Brendan I'm
talking back to you again honey I don't
have anything against you but why don't
you try it doing doing it just like we
do it you know one of the girl in one is
a boy that's all I gotta say and I don't
think that's really fair if you think
you if you look up to me and you think
you like me or you like what I do that's
not fair to uh to uh do me like that but
you can do what you wanna do a show
video I just felt like I need to give
you my feedback on their video and um it
shows your practice okay so now this is
I'm gonna put on my devil's butter some
I add a little olive oil to this give it
a little bit more just a little bit okay
give a little bit more of flavor or
whatever you want to call it I ain't
even healthy so y'all can go on with our
left so now put no flower on my a liver
cuz my onions is about ready okay see
that won't fly both sides
I got that I mix it all up in there
y'all see quite y'all can sit up so I
mix it all up in the flour okay
onions bought toasted some photos in
there right on top of the onions okay
that's what you call smother our liver
and onions
wait a minute get some more flour now
let my flower on that one yeah so uh um
Brandon look if you're trying to reach
out to me we can do something together
but uh it won't be like that because I
just don't think that was appropriate
for on TV you know and what I got going
on a little extra flour just dropping
right on top of there you know
funny I guess it was funny to whoever
thought it was funny I didn't think it
was funny
so you get a little water I am the water
to that once I turn it over okay now
Nevers real quick to get done so it's
not a great big thing when it comes to
the liver okay you see that I've turned
it over try to brown on the other side
already get a little hot water from the
cooler
yeah
loud water not too much water just
enough to went to live a little bit get
out
and I don't want gravy per se when I
called liquor is a little bit of wetness
around it or whatever okay a little bit
more water to that but it suck up that
real quick make it real boys to anybody
looking at this matchless livers that is
done to turn them look inside in and out
so we get to look inside of it turn my
fire down I was just done I just want to
keep it warm
see there see ya see the little the
little the little liquor when we cut
this open here come I want
him to make sure he done in the inside
and livers real easy to cook okay I
usually cut it to make sure it's done in
the inside before I serve it to anybody
okay just wanna let it cool off a little
bit turn it over but you don't want to
scorch or nothing like that I don't want
it to I don't want it to so let me see
turn that over because never gets all
folded up and I wanna see no blood so
I'm trying to get you guys to see what
I'm talking about when I say liquor okay
let me show you what I'm talking I'm
trying to hold the skillet up here I
can't pick this sumbitch up hear it in
the morning my hands ain't no good early
in the morning now you sit down it looks
like it's just a little it's not gravy
like watery it's just on the meat okay
that's what you call a liquor opposed to
a gravy okay this is a make up cause
ain't runny and nothing like that but
you don't see it it's just on the meat
sit down sit down
now I just want to cut them a piece of
this here you know I'm not a chicken
 when it comes to our tastes and
stuff oh yeah that's good
and it's tender and just you see a
little bit of blood sometime but all you
have to do is just I cut the fire
completely all I have to do is just let
it sit here for a second and a little
heat that's coming that while it's
cooling off the no heat will clean up
little blood okay so I'm just letting
y'all know how I do things
cuz I don't want to ever overcook
anything okay
um that's the living onions that's it
I'm done
see you guys