so I had this aspen tree that just died
here and so I cut it down but now I need
to remove the stump so in this video I'm
going to show you how to remove this
stump by hand hi my name's Steve from
how to kill a tree calm it's a sight
that I've built that has got DIY
solutions for normal people like you and
me or how to get rid of tree stumps kill
trees kill roots everything you need to
know about killing trees so let's get
rid of this stump so if you don't want
to spend the money on a stump grinder or
some other way but you need the stump
gone fast bring your removing it by hand
with some simple tools like sawzall
shovel and a pick is the way to go so
you don't have to dig a lot just really
enough around the stump to fit your
power tools in there to cut it whether
you're using a chainsaw or simply
kidding sorry even a hands off okay so
now that I have dug around the stump
there's a couple things I could do I
could just start cutting the roots and
then pull it out with like a truck or
something but I want to do this totally
by hand if it's just gonna be grass here
you don't really have to get rid of the
entire stump and root system so really
I'm just gonna try to just cut it below
a couple inches below the grass line and
then just put dirt and grass back over
it so you won't even know it's there and
who cares if it's just raw central grass
for the next couple of years because I
don't really plan to do anything else
here so that's perfectly fine just to
cut it dig it out cut it below as you
can see I just put the reciprocating saw
what I like to go with my hole it's
really only a couple inches below the
soil line how to work my way around the
stump cutting because my blade within as
long as I would like so definitely get a
longer blade I ended up thinking a
little bit of grass I'd get my
reciprocating saw in there looked better
I only went through two batteries on
this project not too bad and it really
only took me about 20 minutes of actual
labor since I have a shorter blade I
couldn't reach all the way to the middle
so I decided to use a sledgehammer to
finish the job
just a little bit more cutting a few
more hits and the stump was gone that's
it that's all it took so you can see use
a couple inches below the soil and
that's really all it needs now put all
the sod back where you got it and I even
ended up using a little extra piece that
I dug up out of different place in my
yard for the where the stump was a
little water on it
and you are good to go well that's it
that's how to remove a tree stump by
hand so it wasn't too hard I mean I'm
sweating like crazy because I'm doing
this and I like 2 o'clock in the
afternoon so do it in the morning or the
evening but anyway wasn't too hard
didn't take too long really you don't
even have a chainsaw or you don't want
to rent a stump grinder or wait 10 years
for it to decompose with salt and just
remove it by hand
really ice to do is cut it a couple
inches below the soil and you're good to
go so if you want to learn more ways on
how to remove a tree stump go to how to
kill a tree calm slash tree stump and
I'll have tons and tons of ways
different ways for how to remove a tree
stump if you don't want to work this
hard I have a lot of other ideas on
there so go check that out
make sure scribe comment leaving the
ideas you have for how to get rid of
tree stumps by hand I'd love to hear
other thoughts other ideas of how to do
that and we will see you next time
thanks