[Music]
hey I'm big Luke big Luke barbecue
nothing's I want to do and today is not
barbecue it's other things I want to do
but I use it a lot for barbecue we're
gonna make cultured buttermilk now I
used to buy a lot of buttermilk at the
store and if you buy butter milk at the
store cultured buttermilk at the store
it's probably pasteurized and if it's
pasteurized that may not have live
cultures in it if you get some that has
live cultures in it then you can just
save the last two ounces add more milk
let it sit out and make your own
cultured buttermilk what I'm using is
this from cultures for health it's a
real buttermilk it comes with two little
starter packets I've already cut the
corner off of the starter packet so I
can dump it in the milk and show you how
easy it is to do I got this last year as
a gift actually for my mama I'll show
you that video down below and so last
September I made buttermilk and I let it
keep going until Easter time every week
or so I take 2 more ounces of the
buttermilk add more milk put it in there
and I made a lot of biscuits and a lot
of cornbread and stuff like this with it
but I'm not really doing the keto thing
the Atkins thing but I am trying to cut
out some of the carbs so figured out
only biscuits cornbread French bread
with every meal in fact I recently did a
video where I had stale Fritz bread on
the hand that usually didn't happen
before so just trying to make big Lou a
little less big Lou so I'm not always
using bread but I want to have
buttermilk on hand it makes a great
bearing aid for meats and stuff like
that so I'm making some more buttermilk
so we've got this little packet and I've
got this 1 quart of cold 2% milk and I
got a little packet of culture I won't
make sure it's open well so it won't
spill it too much all right like that
and now we're just gonna dump it in here
dump it all you can see it falling in
inches lower looks almost like an
artificial sweetener all right so we get
it all dumped in there and make sure it
all gets in there real quick
good right here under the camera all
right that's the culture now the first
time you make it it takes about a day
maybe you can see it floating in there a
little bit
oops just built it but you can see it
kind of floating in there all right
now it takes about a day the first time
you make it it takes about a day 24
hours and you know it set up because
when you tilt it
it all comes a comes off the side in one
piece all right so we want to shake this
up real well like that all right then
once you got it all mixed in there we're
gonna put a coffee filter on it just
like that take a band secure the coffee
filter down that's just to keep stuff
out of it I'm gonna set it right over
there in the corner it's about 9:00 a.m.
this morning and 9:00 a.m. tomorrow
morning I'm gonna check it and I'll have
buttermilk I'll stick in the fridge for
about six hours and I'll have cultured
buttermilk and next week I'm going to
take about two ounces of this buttermilk
fill up the court tour with the rest of
the buttermilk and it will grow its
active culture in about 12 hours and
only take about a day to remake all
right the only reason I'm not still
remaking the stuff from last September
is because we went away for a week in
Easter and when I came back it I thought
it was just a little too old to try so
anyway new fresh cultured buttermilk
just that easy oh I'll take you back
tomorrow show you what it looks like and
I'll take you back next week
well it's the next morning and I've had
this milk sitting right here on the
counter not in the refrigerator for 24
hours all right
and it should be set up like buttermilk
all right as a comparison I poured a
little bit of just fresh cold milk in
here you see I kind of coats the jar
when you that's a fresh milk buttermilk
kind of all pulls away when you tilt it
you see how it's kind of like coated on
the jar there you'll know the buttermilk
is set up if it's not leaving much
residue on the side of the jar when you
tilt let's pause a moment shall we
I'll explain more about this pulling
away at the end of the video but I'm
referring to the non-refrigerated
freshly fermented buttermilk not after
it's been in the refrigerator that will
stick to the side of the jar also this
first batch did not set up quite as well
as subsequent batches do and you'll see
that the second batch is quite a bit
thicker than this first batch all right
let's resume the program we look at it
here yeah I think it's I think it's set
up not set up as well as it does on the
second and third subsequent batches you
make from the culture but I can look at
it and see that it's it's thick and I
smell it and it's got that tangy taste
tangy the smell like buttermilk it
doesn't smell rancid like sour milk it
smells more like yogurt or sour cream
like like buttermilk is supposed to sell
so it's set up so we're going to usually
it'll get a little thicker we're gonna
put it in the refrigerator and we'll
label the top and go into icebox and in
about six hours later we'll have a
buttermilk that we can drink or use in
recipes
all right well I made that last batch of
a buttermilk on Sunday I've used it a
couple recipes this week and that's what
I got left it's probably a little more
than 2 ounces of the buttermilk but
we're gonna use it and we're going to
put it into a clean jar and we will fill
it up make it another quart and we will
let it sit out for about 12 hours well
it takes about half a day to make the
subsequent batches because the culture
is already fairly activated and so this
evening we'll check it we put it in the
refrigerator for about six hours and
tomorrow morning
I've got buttermilk for some biscuits or
something all right it's just that easy
and I can keep making those batches
approximately every week I'd say every
six to ten days or so you can make
another batch if it gets really really
old and you start seeing a lot of white
liquid growing a clear liquid floating
on top of it you need to start a new
batch of buttermilk you need start with
a packet culture like I did last week or
if you could find buttermilk that still
has active cultures in it that hasn't
been super pasteurized and kill them all
you can use that buttermilk all right
let's make our I got the buttermilk from
last week in a clean jar Oh
drop that I'll pour it into that one
watch this jar to use next week feel the
court door up with milk it's just as
simple now you don't want to keep you
know the air conditioning working in the
house or something and you're not
keeping your room
in the 70 degree range then you might
not want to do this but we're just gonna
put that on you can put it on the band
or you can put it on with a rubber band
I'm gonna leave it right there in that
corner and this afternoon buttermilk
will be ready and we'll stick it in the
refrigerator not ready to drink yet
Stephen refrigerator for about six hours
tomorrow morning we'll have more
buttermilk
all right and put that a milk in that
jar about 6:00 a.m. this morning and
it's now about 6:00 p.m. this evening so
let's see how it's doing oh yeah oh yeah
yeah I don't want spill it but it you
see it's not leaving residue on the jar
it's thick smell it's got that nice
buttermilk Taney's butter milk smell to
it time to go in fridge if we got more
buttermilk let's lid on it there we go
shake it up put in the fridge for about
6 hours tomorrow bottom up biscuits
cornbread pancakes buttermilk marinades
for meats whatever and the second batch
is always better than the first to the
third batch it really starts to level
out and after that it's always pretty
good
hey I wanted to clarify something as I
was putting the video together and I was
looking at how I instructed things I
realized that something could be a
little confusing so I want to clarify
that out now this is that second batch
of buttermilk alright and as you can see
it's clinging to the side I've actually
made half a dozen biscuits with it
earlier today alright so let's see if we
can get that like that right there all
right it does thing to the side when
it's cold back over here I mean what I
was talking about not cleaning the side
is when it's been sitting out and
culturing you know I can't get that lid
on there again alright well it's been
sitting out in culturing it pulls away
from the side with but it's warm then
you got to stick it in refrigerator for
about 60 but when it's cold oh yeah
it'll coat the side it'll do it better
than regular milk I just wanted to make
that a point a little more clear anyway
thanks for watching big lou BBQ by the
way made some delicious buttermilk
biscuits
[Music]
[Music]