hello and welcome to dart me a 58 north
in this video I'd like to show you how
to correctly
look after your point if you ban after
it's finished flowering so the main
thing you need to do is prune it but
before that I'll just show you how we
can tell if it needs pruning or not so
when you bought your poinsettia you
should look similar to this it have lots
of nice red leaves on it or you might
think the flowers are these are some
leaves the flowers are absolute the
little bits in the middle here kelly
yellow now the time that you're probably
leaving for quite a while first of all
you want to keep it in a very black
position because in the winter this
sun's very weak so you want to have it
with as much sunlight as possible then
when it comes into spring the Sun gets a
bit stronger you can take it away from
your south facing window and put it
somewhere where it still gets quite a
lot of light but doesn't get ours and
now as a direct sunlight as it could be
a little bit too much for the plan so
the first time that is starting to put
on new growth and ready to go into the
leaf stage and finish flowering is will
start producing new leaves and these new
leaves will often be black and that's
because it's got a mixture of the green
pigment and the the red pigment so it
comes out black and then after them
you'll start getting green leaves like
this when it starts putting on fresh new
green leaves that's when you know that
it's putting on lots of new growth and
it's gonna start growing soon and that's
the perfect time to cut it back because
you know the flowers be finished and so
you don't get a waste of you flower to
think that the red bits are going to go
away soon anyway and the reason for
cutting your back is you get the plant a
lot smaller again so it doesn't get too
leggy because if you were to leave it it
would get quite late year over the years
you can see this one's already quite big
for the pot so it needs a good hard
prune it also means you have large
leaves and larger red red red leaves
like this in in the odd Indian winter
when it when it comes around again so
now we get a pair of secateurs
and what I've done is I've not watered
this plan for a couple of days you want
to make sure the compost is a little bit
dry before you prune it the reason being
that the SAP leaves quite a lot on these
points SEO plans and
drifting everywhere and it can be a bit
of a skin irritant so you don't want to
really have it on your skin or anything
and the other reason is once I've cut
all the leaves but when I cut this right
back though he barely leaves left on it
and it won't be able to transpire so any
water that's in the pot will stay there
and it will stick quite wet and one of
the worst things for poinsettia is to
see in wet compost so I'll get my second
tears and I'm just going to go to about
10 centimetres bajirao's Risty
everything here I'm gonna cut off so I
can show you here where the new suits
will come from so you should see some
lovely bits here like that section there
on the on the plant that's focus for you
and that's where the new suits come from
it's basically where the leaves used to
be a little shoot will come out of there
so you want to cut just above this point
so that it has so that it can come out
and grow nicely and just go around just
snip them all off at that point as I say
you want to do it really quite close to
the ground I'm doing this about probably
about 10 centimetres about the ground or
kind of these just go around the whole
plant it looks very drastic but you can
do this at the right time of year which
is when it just starts to put on the new
vigorous growth and it's not an issue
for the plant and the plant will survive
and it's not as I say it's normally
normally late spring that this happened
but it was just whenever your plant
starts to grow naturally so there we are
we can cut back quite hard I'm gonna
leave these sometimes it's good you just
leave if there's any lower shoots just
to leave them because that way if you
are worried about the plant being a
shock and dying it will have more chance
of surviving but what should now happen
is there'll be lots of new fresh shoots
from lower down and that will produce a
nice a nice big leaves and then big
flowers for next year so the one thing
you want to be careful of is well what
women eating it up after it's starting
to grow again is if these smaller ones
look about proportion then I'll cut them
off back down to about this height later
on but for now
you just leave that in the sunny
position so nice and warm and keep it
moist but not wet and don't let throw
out too much they start feeding it a
feed that's a good balanced feed so it's
got all the different nutrients and you
let that to grow until gets quite beat
and then in awesome time you want to
start going for the process to get it to
reflow again but I will put that in a
different video and how that's done so
that's the best way to look after your
poinsettia after flowering necessary
give it a general feed and you can repot
it as well if the plots too small and
just give it multi-purpose compost
refined for that so that that's how you
look after your point sets here after
after it's finished flower