hey guys so this is gonna be my first
attempt at a cooking video and I'm
making sweet onion relish these are all
the ingredients that you're going to
need you need a tablespoon of vegetable
oil or in this case I'm using extra
virgin olive oil I really like this
brand it's a first cold press and or and
organic and it's just got really good
flavor so I use that you're going to
need three or four large sweet onions
these are vidalias that I have you're
going to chop them and it's gonna equal
about five cups then you're going to
need 1/3 cup of finely chopped celery
now this is stuff that I do hydrated in
April okay so this is what it looks like
it's very fine
I'm hoping that's focusing but I really
really like this dehydrating celery is
extremely easy in fact it's one of the
easiest things to do you just chop it up
and and find pieces and you know in 812
hours it's done but and it smells
amazing and for little or no money this
is like 99 cents a stock you get about a
half a jar so there's like two stalks
here really really good you're also
going to need 1/3 cup of the sugar 1/3
cup of cider vinegar and then you're
going to need an eighth of a teaspoon of
each of salt which I'm using sea salt
ground pepper and turmeric and you also
need a 2 ounce jar of chopped
pimentos this is a 4 ounce jar I will
end up using this for something else so
I just got the the bigger jar
so that's your ingredients let's get
going ok since I can't show you exactly
how I slice them slice my onion
this is a little slicer that I got at
Walmart I hold three cups of onions or
three cups of whatever you're chopping
and here it comes with other blades this
is how I do mine um I actually like my
onions in slices like this instead of
chopped but once you get down a little
bit lower you're gonna have to do
something with it so I do put it in a
small food chopper and I'll chop up the
rest of the onions that way okay so
here's the celery
I have rehydrated some of it I am not
really sure how much I put in there I
just threw some in but it's gotten quite
a bit bigger and the smell is just
actually the smell is almost
overpowering the onions if you can
imagine that but um at the end it does
call for two tablespoons of water so I
will be saving the water that's in here
so yeah so I'm ready to get going on
making this relish now okay so in a
large pan you're going to add your two
tables or your one tablespoon of
vegetable oil now this is probably more
than one tablespoon but I actually have
been using olive oil a lot more so I've
been using a little bit and plus I've
got more than probably five cups of
onions here so yeah so you're gonna heat
up your oil which it's been heating for
a little while and you're going to toss
in your onions and you're gonna get them
all coated now I've got others that are
chopped up too and you're going to add
your celery at this point to which I
need two hands for so I'll be okay so
here's the onions and the celery that's
in the pan you have to forgive me
because like most the time with onions
it doesn't matter what cut onions I cry
and these are a little strong Wow
so anyhow you're going to saute these
the onions and the celery together until
very tender and it's gonna be about
maybe fifteen to twenty-five minutes
depending you know how high you have
your heat I prefer to actually have my
heat on low not super low but between
low and medium I guess so probably in
another couple minutes I'm gonna
actually turn this down and let them
saute okay so the onions have gone oh
roughly about mmm ten fifteen minutes
now I'm going to cover them and as you
can see everything is unload I'm gonna
cover it and let it go they look to
remain in five minutes just so it'll the
onions will be a little bit softer okay
so it's been about another five minutes
and the onions are the way that they
need to be they're very soft and they
have reduced quite a bit I'm going to
try to get you out a little bit ways if
you can tell I know I can tell the
onions have reduced probably by half so
now I'm going to add in our liquid that
we had this is the sugar vinegar and
seasonings and you're just going to add
it right to it and now you don't have to
do it all at once like I did but I
prefer to do it that way that way the
sugar gets dissolved you're just going
to mix it up and I'm also going to add a
couple of oops couple tablespoons of
celery water and we're going to simmer
this for about 25 minutes until almost
all of the liquid is out and I'll come
back when that's ready one thing that I
forgot to mention you're going to want
to put your pimentos
right now this is roughly about 2 ounces
half the jar and stir it all up and let
it simmer
okay so I've shut the stove off as you
guys can see the liquid has evaporated
and that's how you want it I'm gonna let
it set for probably a good 10 maybe 20
more minutes before I put it in a jar
I'm gonna put it in this little jar here
if there's any extra I'll just put it in
another container I'm actually going to
give some of this to my mom mom and dad
have never tried this before this is
great on hamburgers or brats hot dogs
anything as such even if you just want
to add it for a little side you can eat
it as is if you like to eat it that way
you can also put it in instead of like a
pickle relish
you can put onion relish in like a
chicken salad sandwiches or egg salad
would probably be really good there's 23
calories per serving which two
tablespoons in a serving there's 23
calories 1 gram of fat and for carbs
there's zero protein and zero fiber and
if you figure all that up it is one
point on a point Plus system for away
watchers since I'm doing Weight Watchers
I just happen to be able to figure that
up and yeah it's a really good relish
and I hope you guys try it let me know
what you guys think and everybody have a
great 4th of July