hey everyone I want to apologize in
advance for this project not really
being holiday themed but next week
definitely will and hopefully by next
year I will be more organized and can
actually do a whole month of holiday
goodness but anyway back to this week's
project a few months ago I saw a piece
of clothes that I really really really
fell for it was the embroidered crane
sweater from the AL tuara collection
from Target I hope I'm pronouncing that
correctly it's just a simple black
sweater with crane detail on each
shoulder initially I was just overcome
with the desire to own that sweater
right there I wanted it I needed it but
after having it sit in my shopping cart
for a little while I kind of talked
myself into perhaps making one of my own
at first I was just going to kind of
copy the design and do something similar
but then after a while I was thinking
well why don't I come up with my own
design I still wanted it to have wings
because I think that aesthetically that
just looked nice but why couldn't I do
some other type of bird or not even a
type of bird and I started playing with
the idea of maybe doing something like a
dinosaur since they have discovered
dinosaurs that have wings I thought that
that would look pretty cool my plan was
to embroider it onto tulle instead to
make sort of an embroidered applique
that I would then after after I was
finished embroidering everything I would
attach it to the sweater I have an
example of something I did a while ago
it's not thread embroidery like I was
planning to do on this project but
here's an example of what I was thinking
about doing obviously this still has all
the tool
attached when you're ready to attach
this to a piece of clothes you would cut
around the shape but this is just to
show you my little experiment I then saw
some of Michelle carer's work I hope I'm
saying her name correctly and she does
the embroidery work for the costumes on
Game of Thrones and some other TV shows
and movies she embroiders not only with
thread but she uses beads and jump rings
and Feathers sometimes it's pretty cool
I highly recommend you checking out her
work if you're interested in that sort
of thing she has a lot of up close
photos of the costumes and her
embroidery work and they're all amazing
and I ended up being totally inspired by
her style of embroidery um you'll see I
Incorporated jump rings and Beads into
this so basically for this week I'm just
going to show you how to embroider um
straight onto tool and hopefully that
would help you guys out on any similar
projects that you would like to do to
make an embroidered applique piece
you'll need an embroidery hoop thread
other embellishments like beads or jump
Rings Your Design you can see here the
first applique design that I did for
this project a marker or
pen
scissors water soluble
fabric tool I'm using black since I'll
be sewing these onto a black sweater Mod
[Music]
Podge cut a piece of water soluble
fabric big enough for your design and
for your embroidery
hoop do the same for the black
tool take the water soluble fabric piece
and ER Your Design onto it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
take the hoop apart place the middle
section of the hoop down place the tool
and water soluble fabric onto
that push the outer hoop on top and
lightly tighten it you don't want to
tighten too much just yet just enough to
hold the fabric in place and keep it in
place you can see here that my water
soluble fabric was a tiny bit too small
for this hoop so I did some rough
stitches around the edge just to keep it
in
place lightly tug around the hoop until
the fabric is
taut and then finish tightening up the
Hoops now you're ready to embroider
so I'm not really going to go into depth
on my techniques because I didn't really
know what I was doing I just sort of
went with what felt right to me
according to my research afterwards I
ended up doing a mix of stem stitches
detached chain stitches and split
stitches for this design I'm not 100%
sure if that's correct and if I am wrong
at all please let me know and I'll add
an annotation or something to correct
myself
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
my design was a bit too large to fit
completely in the hoop so when I was
almost completely done I had to open the
hoop up readjust the design to fit the
unfinished portion and then finish it
off once I was completely done I took it
out of the hoop and admired my work then
I panicked and started to worry that
once I washed out the water soluble
fabric I'd lose some detail of the
design so my solution for that was to
paint a layer of mod podge onto the back
of the piece to seal the thread ends and
whatnot it's important to use Mod Podge
specifically for this rather than
Elmer's Glue because once dry Mod Podge
is not water soluble so when you go to
wash whatever article of clothing you
put this applique on later the glue
won't wash away it's probably
unnecessary in fact the beaded
embroidery that I showed you earlier I
didn't mod pod to the back and it was
just fine I just wanted to make absolute
sure that this design was going to stay
in place after I worked on it for so
long so if you go this r out let the mod
pods dry overnight and then once dry you
can remove most of the water soluble
fabric it should tear off pretty easily
in fact some spots on mine were already
starting to tear off just from me
manhandling it towards the
end cut the excess tool off leaving
about 1/8 of an inch on the whole design
[Music]
if you weren't able to remove all of the
water soluble fabric now is the time to
run under some water and rub at those
spots that still have the water soluble
fabric Clinging
On it'll dissolve
away let it dry and there's your
applique use it however you desire for
me that was to sew them onto a sweater
so I nabbed a sweater from the thrift
store that was perfect for this and I
found some matching black thread to sew
it on I figured out the placement I
wanted and pinned them down onto the
sweater then I simply just sewed them on
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right and here it
is I hope you all enjoyed this project
if you liked this video and you want to
see more please subscribe I post videos
every Thursday you can follow me on
Twitter Tumblr or Instagram and if you
try this project or any of my previous
projects I would love to see photos you
can just send those to any of the social
media accounts that I just listed and if
you have any questions questions or
suggestions for future videos please
leave a comment down below and I'll see
you next week I would love to see
photos oh
yeah I still wanted it to have WS