this is the dry ease dry as a 1200
conventional dehumidifier this
particular system has a capacity rating
of 132 pints of water removal it also
has a rating of 64 pints at what we call
aham aham is the measurement of what
this uh machine can remove at 80Â° 60%
relative humidity most of the time we
look at aham because it's more realistic
to what we may see on a water damaged
job um the the system itself processes
227 cubic feet per minute of air through
the blower system the D dryes 1200 is
also ul and is cul rated for Canadian
standard the 1200 offers a hot gas byass
for its defrost mode and also features a
auto pump out system which will
automatically dispense the water away
from the system to a drain Source
through a line on the back of the system
every dry EAS dehumidifier and air mover
is treated with an antimicrobial which
actually protects the shell from fungal
growth uh and or any mold being able to
grow in the Shell it actually works as a
protective barrier on the shell itself
the weight of the 1200 is about 80 lbs
it's lightweight easily maneuverable for
uh any technician whether it be a male
or female on the job another important
uh issue with dehumidification is the
power consumption the Dres 1200 pulls a
low 6.4 amps
some of the neat features that you're
going to see on the 1200 is a easy
access to uh the filter assembly and
easy removability to the filter itself
um if we uh spin the system you'll see
that it has a larger wheel making
transport on the system and stair
climbing very easy if we work our way to
the back of the system you'll see that
it has a uh drain hose uh that runs
about 40 ft that would actually go
directly to your drain Source working
your way up on the system you'll see
that the air is dispensed off the back
of the system through this collar here
it gives us the flexibility of attaching
duct work to it by taking a piece of
llat we can simply place it over the
collar secure it to the collar and then
once inflated with the machine running
the warm dehumidified air can be
directed to a given
area um the power cord wraps real nice
along the top of the machine as you can
see these rings on top actually allow us
to wrap our drain hose for nice uh neat
uh completion on the job site on the top
of the machine you'll also see that it
has a uh touchpad control panel uh which
also gives us onscreen Diagnostics in
the event that there is a problem with
the system this is the dry Eed 1200