today we're going to talk about how to
clean your fet's teeth and why it's
important first of all we're going to
start with I'm going to show you a
couple of my favites teeth one of them
are healthy and one of them is starting
to get a bit of a tartter buildup so
I'll show you the difference between
those so first up we have Sammy and his
teeth is starting to look a little bit
mky uh so he'll be visiting the Vets
soon and probably getting them cleaned
but let me show you what they look like
see if you have a look in there you can
see that one of his teeth is starting to
get a little bit of a buildup if you saw
that and his teeth are looking starting
to look a little bit yellow so they do
need a bit of a
clean good boy Sammy and now I'll show
you a healthy version here we have bear
who actually just recently had his teeth
cleaned and now they're beautiful and
white and sparkling he did have a little
bit of gum disease uh but that's all
been sorted he did lose a tooth uh but
that's all been sorted and he had some
antibiotics as well so um now they're
nice and healthy and I'll show you what
they look like as you can see there's
actually no buildup on that
tooth I find that the majority of the
buildup happens on the back
teeth so the nice and white and
sparkling the gums are pink and healthy
um and his breath doesn't smell so
that's always a very good sign we're
nice healthy nice
Andy
yeah
[Applause]
yeah
hello so what do you need in order to
brush your fet's teeth well you're going
to need toothbrushes so I bought one
toothbrush and I
thought from my I used to be a dental
nurse and from my previous dental
experience I know that you should not
share toothbrushes humans should not
share toothbrushes and the reason for
that is because if one human has a bit
of gingivitis or gum disease then it can
actually spread to the other human if
they share the same toothbrush so I was
thinking to myself why would it be any
different for animals animals do get gum
disease as well and if you use the same
toothbrush on all of them then the other
ones are more likely to get it
too am I being crazy I went out to get
one but ended up with
four they're so
spoiled well what I actually got is baby
toothbrushes and the reason for baby
toothbrushes is
because the big human toothbrushes are
often too big the heads are too big and
the bristles are probably a little bit
too hard now just a bit of trivia for
you as well humans shouldn't use
anything but a soft toothbrush um only
because medium to hard toothbrushes
brush away at the gums and at the enamel
of your teeth and therefore can lead to
a lot of problems later on so if you're
using a medium or hard toothbrush stop
and get yourself a soft one so the same
applies for ferrets make sure that it's
the softest toothbrush that you can find
and in this case it was a baby one how
often should you brush a ferret's teeth
it depends on the ferret and its diet if
it has a really good diet then you
shouldn't have to brush its teeth too
often brush your F's teeth every 2 to 3
weeks should you use toothpaste uh there
are toothpastes or gels available on the
market for Animals I personally don't
use one uh I just dunk the toothbrush in
water and just have a quick go over of
their teeth then the reason for
toothbrushing is to dislodge any of the
tart oh sorry any of the plaque buildup
which is the softer kind of whitish
stuff that uh gathers around our teeth
and ferret's teeth as well so we just
the main purpose of this is to dislodge
that Gunk around their teeth the plaque
okay so now we're going to brush Bear's
teeth so we're going to start by
scruffing him so make sure that you
Scruff them really well so that they can
cannot move and make sure you support
them so I like to rest um them on my arm
just so that they can so that the body
weight can be supported
[Music]
[Music]
okay so bear is done that wasn't that
easy was
it um it might not be the easiest thing
to do but it's definitely worth doing it
costs a lot of money to get your
ferret's teeth cleaned so uh the more
you can help to prevent Decay and gum
disease the better for your wallet after
you brush their teeth make sure that you
give them plenty of kisses and make a
big fuss of them and you can also give
them a treat just so that they don't
hate you forever and ever and ever so
how do you identify gum disease some of
the signs of gum disease include plaque
and tartar red and inflamed gums dental
decay smelly breath inability to eat
abscesses and
ulcers painful loose teeth loss of
overall conditions so they might lose
weight their um coat might go dry
uh their skin might go dry and itchy
they generally just might not look as
healthy as before if gum disease gets
really bad it can also cause further
problems such as renal heart failure
heart failure and so on just because the
bacteria in the gums can uh seep through
into the blood and then cause all sorts
of Havoc throughout the ferret's body so
it's really really important to look
after your ferret's teeth the number one
cause of gum disease is actually poor
diet
a poor diet filled with too many
carbohydrates in the kibble or a really
low quality kibble um sugar so human
treats that ferrets shouldn't be getting
no dental care so if you're not checking
on your ferret's teeth and making sure
that they're okay brushing their teeth
which causes plaque and tar to build up
and leads to gum disease and dental
decay I got one of your hairs in my
mouth
how do you
prevent gum disease you have to make
sure that you feed your f a really high
quality diet make sure if you're feeding
a kibble that it's really high quality
the highest quality that you can find
because it will have more meat-based
products in it which are much healthier
for the ferret the less carbohydrates in
a kibble the better apart from brushing
your ferret's teeth the best thing to
prevent gum disease
is uhoh
ready
e okay so even though that is disgusting
it is really important for your fits to
eat meat and to eat bones there is
absolutely no excuse even if you've
tried everything under the sun uh to get
your ferret to eat meat keep trying
because it is extremely important for
them to chew on Bones and so for those
Bon to actually grind up up against
their teeth which helps to dislodge t uh
Tartar and plaque which will keep your
fav's teeth a lot cleaner um and help
prevent scum disease in the long run and
it will save you money in the long run
as well because keep going to the vet
and cleaning a ferret's tee getting
their teeth cleaned is so expensive
because they have to go under anesthetic
and then your feret has your vet has to
go in and clean their teeth
it's really costly so it's really
important for your ferrets to chew on
Raw bones and you can give them things
such as rats and mice chicks rabbits I
find chicken necks are fantastic because
there's a lot of bone for them to chew
on um and chicken wings uh chicken
drumsticks but I find probably chicken
necks are the best for keeping their
teeth clean because there's a lot of Bur
for them to chew through brush brush
[Music]
brush also make sure that you check the
teeth regularly get your fret used to
you checking its teeth regularly um so
just basically Scruff them and have a
look at their teeth when they yarn if
your fet allows you to have a bit of a
poke around and put around in their
teeth um then have a look lift the lip
just to make sure there's no buildup but
watch out because you do not want to get
bitten some ferrets will bite so just be
careful and uh don't put your finger at
risk of being bitten or your nose don't
put your nose too close to the fet
either next week we're going skiing in
Japan
woo um so I know Japan is huge for fets
um and I actually have discovered that
there is a store in Japan in Tokyo
called feret world so I'm going to try
to hunt it down and hopefully take some
cool videos from there there will be
some cool footage from Japan hopefully
fingers crossed I can't guarantee
anything but I'm hoping that there will
be
so
hopefully starting to get
hot we like being silly don't we
yes I hope you like today's video if you
have any other suggestions then please
message me tell me on Facebook or
Twitter um and I will take your
suggestion into consideration and
probably jot it down somewhere so that
in the future I can do it um but also
subscribe to the channel and there's a
new video up every week normally on a
Monday if it's possible so yeah see you
later bye
[Music]
Can't Touch This