[Music]
hi welcome to Crisco for you - it's cold
here in Virginia but on a day like this
I can tell you exactly what you need on
the inside okay I'm inside and this is
going to be crock-pot chicken and wild
rice soup the ingredients you're going
to need is chicken breast chicken broth
carrots butter onion celery mince garlic
of course you'll meet the wild rice
pepper and salt thyme chicken bouillon
cubes rosemary sage bay leaves and
you'll need just a little bit of
cornstarch in order to make a signal so
I'm gonna go away prepare my ingredients
and I'll meet you at the crock-pot be
right back okay now we're back and we're
ready to get started so I've already
washed my chicken breasts so what I'm
gonna do is I'm just gonna put my whole
chicken breast pieces in here because
once you get 30 minutes from the end of
cooking you're gonna take these whole
people's pieces out and then you're
gonna shred them so I'm just gonna put
that in now mix to that I'm going to go
ahead and put in some pieces of butter
and your recipe will be listed at the
description box or in the description
box on the tutorial now once I put that
in I'm gonna go ahead and put in my
celery
then I'm gonna put in my carrots now I'm
making a double batch so you won't make
as much as I am making the like I said I
am gonna list show us at the bottom of
the tutorial I'm gonna put in my onion
I'm gonna put in 3 bay leaves I'm gonna
put in two and a half tablespoons of
minced garlic now to that I'm gonna go
ahead and add my wild rice this is one
cup of wild rice now before I start to
add my chicken broth I'm gonna pour off
1/4 cup of chicken broth into the cup
that I just poured the wild rice from
and I'm gonna save that because I'm
gonna use that
in order with my cornstarch in order to
make this soup just a little bit
creamier now I'm gonna go ahead and add
to this my chicken broth mine is 64
ounces of chicken broth because like I
told you I'm making a lot you're only
gonna need 32 ounces of chicken broth
for this particular recipe now you're
gonna allow this to cook if you're
cooking it on high for 5 and a half
hours if you're gonna cook it on low
it's for seven and a half hours but
thirty minutes prior to the completion
of you finishing the cooking process
you're gonna go in and you're gonna take
out the chicken breast
you're gonna shred it and at that point
one of the other things that want to add
it with some mushrooms okay so if you
have the fresh mushrooms then you're
gonna add them the last 30 minutes of
opinion I'm back and
the soup is partially done so what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to take out all
the pieces of the chicken and I'm going
to shred the chicken I'm going to add to
this chicken broth I'm going to add two
heaping tablespoons of the corn starch
and I do have a can of mushrooms but the
recipe actually calls for fresh
mushrooms and don't have that so I'm
gonna drain this and I'm gonna add this
to it so when I get ready to put it in
the chicken we put in the chicken and
then add the mushrooms and the
cornstarch I'll bring you right back
be right back
you
okay now we're back and the soup is
ready so I'm gonna go ahead and dish up
a bowl and you can see your mushrooms
and your carrots your wild rice and your
chicken now if you need this soup to be
creamy adjust add more cornstarch but
this is not a soup that's made to be
creamy like that but this is a hearty
bowl of soup look at it that's really
good really good now I'm gonna put it
down to this plate and I have a couple
of pieces of buttered crusty bread with
it but there you have it on a day like I
showed you here in Virginia where there
is snow everywhere everywhere there is
snow and it's so cold outside
this is what you need to warm your tummy
this is a very good soup I think you're
going to enjoy it if you try it
this is wild rice and chicken soup and
as always thank you for watching Chris
cook for you - bye
you