mayonnaise on corn I know it's crazy
here's what you're going to need for the
chipotle mayonnaise a half a cup of mayo
two Chipotle in aobo sauce you might as
well buy one of those little cans of
Chipotle with aobo sauce to get it done
and about a tablespoon of fresh chili
powder a fist full of fresh cilantro and
half a cup of some great queso fresco
crumbling Mexican
cheese so what do you think does
mayonnaise on corn sound crazy to you
about a chipotle mayonnaise Mexican
street corn so last year we celebrated
Cinco de Mayo with five compound
mayonnaise recipes a really easy Cajun
Mayo a Mexican Mayo with a taco flare a
basil Mayo great for chicken and a spicy
Asian Mayo with a zip of s you can get
all those recipes at Great tv.com use
the search term Cinco Deo but we struck
gold with a chipotle mayonnaise that
we've kind of fallen in love with for
chipotle mayonnaise Mexican street corn
and the recipe for it's real easy we'll
recap here it's a chipotle mayonnaise a
half a cup of mayo two Chipotle in Adobo
sauce and you finally chop them up these
are just smoke canned jalapenos and it's
the Adobo sauce that'll really make this
thing zip you get two of the Chipotle
peppers and you finally chop them up add
to the Chipotle and mayonnaise about 2
tablespoons of the Adobo sauce that came
right out of the jar there's one there's
two go ahead and mix mix that all up
real good I guess all we need to do is
figure out exactly what we need to put
it on so hey if you want to go ahead and
grab the corn let's start with that let
it stand in the refrigerator for about
30 minutes to allow it all to meld up a
little bit that can be a condiment it
can be a dipping sauce or it is perfect
for this Chipotle mayo Mexican street
corn as far as the corn goes there's
lots of ways to cook corn we don't need
to go over that you can use my quick
husking method with the microwave we
love mainly doing it on the grill grate
leaving the husks on looks pretty cool
too tie them back for the decorative
approach and just get the kernels
browned a little bit golden brown looks
so great once it's all cooked up you're
good to go get your chipotle mayonnaise
we love spreading it on with a rubber
spatula seems to work the best and you
see it's better than the butter because
this stuff really sticks on then garnish
with a little chopped cilantro chili
powder and some queso fresco crumbling
Mexican cheese simple as that chip hle
Mayo Mexican street corn get the recipe
online right now it's at Great tv.com
use the searchword corn