what's up everybody it's your boy Reggie
casual from the casual. and welcome to a
casual tutorial I'm going to give you a
short tutorial had somebody in the
comment section asked me yo can you show
me how to fold the shark hoodie back
into the bag all right so this is the
original Bape way I'm going to show you
the Bape method to keeping these shark
Hood and any other zip up Hoodie super
crispy all right I like saying crispy
because you know it's high and tight and
crispy that none of that made sense but
let's go ahead and go on the tutorial
now the first thing that you want to do
is make sure that your silhouette is
right so go ahead and flatten that thing
out not everything has to be I don't
have that much room here so just bear
with me all right so the next thing that
you want to do is make sure that your
hood is in the right position so the way
that you're going to do that is making
sure that your Zi zipper is not zipped
all the way up in fact you want to you
want to have some leeway right here so
I'd say about almost 2 in away from the
collar so you I ZIP down the zipper
around 2 in away from the collar so we
have this action going on all right the
next thing you want to do is make sure
that your hood is the way that it's
supposed to be so normally when you've
been wearing it you're not going to
you're going to have all this flopping
around all you have to do to fix that is
just raise it make sure it's like this
all right so raise it with both hands
make sure it's like this and lay it down
and then make sure that this middle part
you kind of knock it in boom you're
going to fold that in and then it should
fall you want it to fall like this all
right so it has like these two things so
you got a shark and a shark all right
boom so make sure that you do that so
now you have this action going on this
doesn't have to be perfect up at the top
that's okay the next thing that you want
to do is you want to turn this guy
around so you're going to hold that hook
good and just turn him around make sure
that he's on his front he's facing
forward you're looking at the
back and then we're going to fold it
just the normal way that you would fold
any other hoodie or things of that
nature uh but we're going to use a few
tactics that make sure that it's going
to fit inside of the bag so the first
thing that you're going to do is you're
going to take a look at the collar
you're going to go about one4 of the way
down from the collar to from the seam of
the shoulder about one I'd say 1/4 1/4
of the way down that's going to be your
line that you want to go ahead and fold
on so you're going to go take this side
easily and just go
boom all
right from that 1/4 hash mark that you
made then the next thing and you got to
make sure that you do this flatten
always flatten after you fold flatten
after you fold that keeps things tight
the next thing that you want to do is
you want to take the arm and instead of
just going something like this or going
like like this you want to go ahead and
fold this down and make sure that that
this this arm is parallel to this line
that you already made right here so this
is parallel
boom now it's obvious what a lot of
people would want to do after this they
want to go ahead and take the other side
and do the same thing we're not going to
do that first the very first thing that
you should do is fold this arm up like
so like this and I'm going tell why
we're going to do this in a minute all
right so like this make sure that it's
kind of along the line of this angle
right here boom flatten everything then
we're going to do the same thing with
the other side so I know where that hash
mark is is around right here we're going
to go ahead and fold it over make sure
there's a little bit of room on this end
right here just a little bit just a
little bit and then we're going to take
we're going to flatten out like we did
with the other side same process
we're going to fold this down making
sure that the arm is parallel to that
seam that you made right here and you
kind of want to make sure that this is
uniform all the going all the way down
you're not always going to get it
perfect but as long as it's tight it's
okay the next thing that you're going to
do is you're going to fold this up again
all right so this is where it gets
tricky because a lot of people what
they'll do from here is that they'll end
up they'll end up just folding and then
folding you only do do like one fold
here one true fold and that is so most
of the time people will just want to go
something like this and like this that's
not what you do all right don't do that
all right so we messed it up a little
but that's okay all right the next thing
that you want to do is you want to fold
this part you actually folded where you
want to fold that's why you put those
arms there you're going to fold this
like this and then you're just going to
press
down boom so now you have this fold on
the end which is a great way to tell
where you're going to fold next so all
you guys out there who are geniuses know
exactly where you're going to fold next
but if you're not so sure doesn't mean
that you're not a genius just means that
you just don't know the next thing that
you're going to fold is not the middle
you're just going to fold the hood up
until about the shoulder right
there right there all right you're just
going to fold the hood you're not going
to fold it all the way you're just not
going to fold this and then you're not
going to go like this and this you're
just going to fold right where the hood
is right where that shoulder is you're
going to fold that and then all you're
going to do after that is just press
down and there you have it that's about
as thin as you can get it for these
shark hoodies to put it back in the bag
and I'm going to show you right we got a
bag right here for a shark
hoodie or any type of Hoodie that's in a
bag and we're going to go ahead and
attempt to put this in here
here we're going to lift it on its
bottom you're going to have to push a
little bit but it's going to maintain
the Integrity because it's so tight
that's why you had to fold the corners
and everything that's why we folded
everything so it just maintains that
tightness once I slip it in press down
on the bag you see how much room we have
on the top right here that means that we
did a really good job folding it after
that you just zip it up all the way to
the corner until you meet until you meet
have a little bit of air right here push
the rest of the air out pull down the
bag seal the rest and now you have a
freshly packed shark hoodie boom there
you go that's how you fold it right
there all right so stop getting all groy
with your with your folding techniques
when it comes to folding these things
back in the bag that's how you do it so
if you need to review this it's YouTube
it's the 21st century it's 2016 you can
re
and he can do it again all right so
check out all those steps and then uh
get the folding I got another tutorial
going to show you how to fold your
shirts really crispy along with some
reviews in that same video so go ahead
and check that out this is your boy
Reggie casual from the
casual. and uh as I always say at the
end of these
videos push that red button and you know
what it is keep it casual it's your boy
Yos C I'm out I'm out for