Kikki mother everybody welcome back to
the 401 1 Mama's is this Chrissy and I'm
here today with a DIY video I'm going to
show you the coolest thing that I have
found as of lately whenever I seen this
I was like girl this is what you need to
do and you need to share it with as many
people as you possibly can because it is
that much needed for me in my house
anyway what I'm talking about is if
you're anything like me and you go to
the grocery store and get those plastic
bags to carry groceries home you have
absolutely no idea what to do with them
and you literally end up with a cupboard
full of plastic bags at least I did
case in point I had a problem so anyways
the solution is so easy and so cool I'm
just wondering why I never thought of it
myself
so you know those Lysol wipes that come
in the round containers such as this
this has the labels taken off and these
are not white setter inside this is
actually plastic bag inside of here and
they just come out one bag at a time
like that isn't that the coolest idea
ever I'm so excited so how about I show
you guys how to do it
you
I hope you guys enjoyed the video don't
forget to subscribe to our channel
comment below if you have any questions
follow us on Facebook and I will see you
in the next video bye guys