hi everybody Scott Atkinson here from
Spring Hill nurseries with step-by-step
gardening it's early spring here at the
nursery and we're talking about one of
my favorite plants and one of the most
favorite plants in the entire country
daily not only are they beautiful but
they are very easy to take care of and
it will insure you years and years of
beautiful blooms there's all different
varieties all different types dwarf
varieties or free bloomers anything you
can think of day lilies are one of the
best plant now some of your care tips is
you want to clean it up in the early
spring you want to mulch it yeah right
before the winter and you want to give
it some fertilizer in the early spring
and water it throughout the season
that's it so let's take a look here
we've got a daylily that we didn't clean
up yet this spring as you can see
there's all these dead flower stalks
from last year all the foliage and all
you have to do is just pull it away if
you've got a big bed of day lilies you
can use a rake you should probably do it
a little bit earlier than before this
foliage comes up because it'll really
let it sprout out really give a good air
so all I got to do is just pull these
out okay just sort of rip away the
foliage it's real easy and don't forget
to put these in your compost and that's
really it what that will do is that will
let air and Sun and everything get here
to the plants and this will really
spread out if the season continues we've
got another one here and we had
previously cleaned you can see it's
spreading here in real nice a couple
weeds around here will get out don't
forget to do that
the next step in early spring care for
your day lilies is fertilize you only
need to do it once a year that's in the
early spring pick a fertilizer that's
high in phosphates just check your
normal fertilizer plant food for
perennials it should have what you need
once in the spring and that's it
now watering is also important for day
lilies technically they are drought
tolerant plants but to get the best
blooms you're going to want to give them
good watering once a week the next step
to think about is to biding your tables
you can do this once every two years or
when the flowers start to look week just
dig out the whole plant split it right
down the middle using a knife or even
just a sharp shovel will work and then
replant so that's it for day lilies some
watering fertilizer once a year and then
clean up in the early spring and you'll
have beautiful blooms for years to come
for step by step gardening I'm Scott