all right everybody Welcome to the wolf
pit um you know this is like I don't
know about maybe the 14th 15th video
I've done and it seems like every time I
do it starts raining and I'm sure you
can hear it in the background but it's
raining again but anyway we're
undercover here for a while unless it
starts to torrential down we should be
all right so we're making liver and
onions today um I haven't made this in
years uh my mother used to make it
really really good that was one of her
classic
dishes um so what we're going to do is
start off by um just chopping up some
yellow onions um in into rings and then
sautéing them down first um I've already
um deskinned the um onions and um now
I'm just going to go ahead and cut them
up um
they can be as thick or thin as you want
to however long you feel like sautéing
them down um we love onions we're going
to use a lot of onions in this recipe
and I think I have a pack of um
mushrooms in there too I think we're
going to add to this so we're going to
cut these
up all right all the onions are chopped
up we're going to throw them over here
in The
Skillet um
we're going to get the grill lit and get
ready to sauté these and then get the
liver
ready all right so I I cut up the the
deliver in Little B bitu pieces and I
got um some salt and pepper in my hand
here so um we're going to do that and
then coat it up a little bit so right
here I got a um I got a little bit of
flour here I'm G shake it on here and
dust it I was going to try to grill
these but
you know I don't want to mess up
something different than the way my mom
did so I'm going just go ahead and pour
all the flour on there and then now I'm
just going to coat it all
up and we're going to let it sit while
we
um sauté up the
onions and then what this flour is going
to do once it mixes with the oil and the
fat from the butter and the oil um is
going to make a um make a gravy for it
first all right as you can see we got
the um the fire going coals are going
down going to go ahead and add our
pan put the onions in
them and then add in a little bit of
oil usually we do this beforehand but I
ran out of room we're going to use a
little bit more oil than you think we
need cuz it's going to be used for the
gravy in a little
bit all right the oil is getting up to
temperature we're going to go ahead and
start sautéing the onions around a
little
bit we're going to also add in a half a
stick of butter
[Music]
going add in a little bit of salt and
pepper here
all right the onion are just about where
we want them at this
point we're going to give them a little
bit of
stir and as you can tell they're
starting to Brown a little
[Music]
bit and we're going to let them go for
another second or
two okay now that the um the onions are
nice and hot and they're starting to be
get caramelized we're going to go ahead
and add up the sliced up liver that's
been um dusted in flour salt and
pepper try to do this without making a
big mess here
spr out this liver and get it all coated
up nice
[Music]
all right once the um the liver starts
to get browned up and starts sucking up
the
Oil we're going to add some mushrooms
here in a
second C down nice
[Music]
[Music]
all right my camera had um cut off Med
cook uh I think it overheated I had it a
little bit closer to fire so anyway what
we have here is um one lb of liver that
I've sauteed down with um some with
three onions um
some
mushrooms some flour a little water and
I've added some waser show sauce for
richness as well along with a little bit
of oil and um butter and what we're
going to do is let this cook down till
the liver is tender and um the gravy
um thickened up a little
bit all
right all right liver and onions have
been simmering for
about about 15 minutes along with the um
mushrooms and gravy so we're going to go
ahead and leave the lid off this and let
it thicken up just a little bit more and
reduce a little bit and what that all do
is obviously it'll it'll thicken it up
but it'll also um enrich in the
flavor all right the L onions and gravy
are simmered down and it's about time to
eat