I'm Kelly Nealon and you're watching a
taste of New York today we're visiting
machiavelli restaurant and meeting with
Chef Ferro to create some sweet and
delicious desserts using sweet leaf
stevia products will also be creating
drink recipes using sweet leaf liquid
stevia sweet drops now these are perfect
for Valentine's Day or really any time
you just want to sweeten things up so in
New York City I got to the Machiavelli
restaurant walked in and the first thing
you really notice is how big and grand
it is it didn't really know much about
the stevia products I got to go
downstairs and work with the chef who
made these specifics desserts for the
products and really neat working with
some bittersweet chocolate melting net
so first what we're gonna do is we've
melted our semi-sweet chocolate as we
were letting that melt and we were
stirring that we have to come over to
the counter and started working on our
whipped cream and we took 500
milliliters of a heavy cream poured it
into our measuring cup cuz you need to
measure and then started whipping that
until the consistency it got really
thick and the key to that was kind of
keeping it over this ice so as we are
thickening it it was cooling - wow it
really does thicken up with the help of
the ice this is incredible we're
the natural whipped cream here I duchies
not what Oh No okay now is perfect to
additional vex and Vestavia okay
yes we've got our sweet lead organic
stevia here and we're gonna start
putting this in our what soon to be
moved great so we're gonna mix this yeah
short melted chocolate but we're gonna
keep a little bit for the aftermath and
we're gonna add our sweet lead organic
stevia beautiful now
do we wait for it all to turn one color
yes okay so we're gonna wait for
consistent color throughout which looks
like it's gonna be a pretty light brown
yes now if you wanted to go a little
heavier with the chocolate can you do
that you can yes you can do okay oh I'm
so excited to try this I'm so curious to
see how this bittersweet chocolate is
sweetened yes the
organic stevia product perfect now you
have a to choice okay if you like sweet
sweet sweet this is very sweet
you cannot issue not a spoon of them on
top oh my god this is so good this is
really good it's not so bad this is what
we do in summer your name is avi Onan
and the business erawan is easy to do
what we can do with English toffee so
we're gonna crack two eggs we're gonna
work with oh let's do three X by second
two and one just on a yacht now what do
you eat drops here and a little bit of
water we put that over the heat lift it
up and now start doing a little bit more
whipping it looks like Dolphy's up
bionaire with Beast berry so we got to
we have to go behind the bar and make
two different drinks a mocktail for
maybe somebody who's not drinking and
also a blood orange drink and we use
different products we could use the drop
products for these which was nice
because they mix right in and the taste
of these it was like nothing was missing
there was no sugar added it was
absolutely fantastic and Maritsa was
right behind the bar so one drink we
used the sweet leaf stevia sweetener and
the other one we just used the water
drops and there was no difference they
blended well and they tasted great as
you see the sweet leaf stevia is great
for drinks and meals so if you want more
recipes go ahead and check out sweet
leaf calm
[Music]
these sweetleaf water drops are really
impressive you can just add a couple
drops to water and it makes it a lot
more exciting want to add sweetness and
flavor sweet leave liquid stevia sweet
drops flavor water coffee snacks tea and
more with just few zero calories zero
carb drop thank you for joining us if
you're looking for more information on
sweet leaf you can check out their
website at sweet leaf calm and make sure
to tune in every Wednesday at 7 p.m.
this is a town matey and you're watching
a taste of New York
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]