hi everyone I'm here today to talk about
the MCM BB boo backpack now I'd wanted a
small backpack for a while and I was
specifically looking at the Louboutin
Palm Springs mini which I really loved
and they had in the reverse monogram
print and I tried and tried and tried
and it was never available on the
website and I live a couple hours away
from a boutique so every time I went
there to try and see if I could go on
that would never any in stock in the
reverse monogram in the regular monogram
in perused the world tour Edition I
could never get my hands on one and I
tried to get on the wait list several
times but it was always full and I never
really had an essay that I constantly
saw because I was always going to the
store at different times and didn't live
in the city I didn't have the one essay
that I always went back to so I didn't
really have that relationship where she
could pull some strings and get me on
the list so I waited and tried and I'm
originally when it first came out in
Australia I think the Palm Springs Mini
was $1,900 um and when it came out like
that's when I really wanted it but the
wait list was quite huge so I waited and
then unfortunately lived on her price
increase and it went up to $2,400 in
Australia just for basic monogrammed I
think reverse monogram was like 2500
roughly um but I still wanted it and I
tried again I contacted client services
to see if it was available because I
think you know you really want something
if you keep thinking about it from
and months and months and Mikey plug it
on your head and anyway I tried once
again and they told me no it was full
there was no weightless they couldn't
take anymore and then I had a friend on
Instagram who informed me they had tried
to get the Palm Springs Mini in the
reverse monogram where they lived in
Switzerland and there sa had contacted
Paris and informed them that they
weren't making them anymore in the
reverse monogram it was done so what was
available was available and there was
none in Australia and there wasn't any
regular monogrammed ones in Australia so
I was a little bit bummed but then also
I was still cloned of open R because the
price $2,400 was expensive and actually
just dissuade the prices increased again
by another $90 so I think now the
reverse monogram was 2600 and the
regular was like two thousand five
hundred and seventy dollars maybe so I
looked around to see if I could find an
alternative and I've seen some other
people on Instagram that had had like
full backpacks from Michael Kors or Zara
or just like a few little random little
brands here and there and then I saw an
Instagram the NCM me backpacks a BB boo
extra meaning whatever it's called and I
really loved it because I was familiar
with NCM um because when I lived in
South Korea MCN was like one of the most
popular brands - like Korean celebrities
and like k-pop stars so there's always
like everywhere on the streets but I
never was really interested in the brand
when I lived in Korea like it wasn't
sort of on my radar I was always kind of
like a loser time kind of guy um but
then I saw that they had the BB boom
which which what I loved was you could
wear a crossbody just like the chrome
Springs mini
and what I also loved it was like half
the price of the Louis Vuitton
um so for those who don't know MCM is a
German brand originally but it was
bought out by a South Korean lady um in
2000 and she kind of reestablished the
brand and now all the bags handmade in
Korea they still haven't stores globally
and it's sold through like in the States
like Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom and in
the UK like Selfridges and whatever I'm
but in Australia it's only available at
David Jones but not all David Jones
stores carry them so I had a look online
to see what I could find at David Jones
this bag goes for one thousand one
hundred and sixty nine dollars but it's
only available through an online store
or in their Sydney and Melbourne
boutiques um so I wanted to see if I
could get a cheaper price and I managed
to get one off the internet from
Selfridges from the UK for for a cheaper
price it was like a sale for 700 which
is a lot better I think the price is
gone back up now and you could still get
them for $900 so yeah and let me show
you the bag so this is the konjac color
which is MCM signature color with the
gold studs the gold hardware and the
nameplate on top now it does come with
two of these long adjustable strap
I haven't leave my second one that's
still in the bag
but you can wear a crossbody where it is
a backpack all and things also mean it
can be slipped onto a belt to be used
like as a bum bag or a fanny pack which
I don't know if I do that but yeah I
want to do a crossbody and I managed to
get one
the connieyc color is actually really
hard to get online the black like the
denim blue the pink and the white are
relatively easy but the connect color is
a little bit harder or if people are
like selling them brand new they're at a
higher price than the other colors but I
managed to get this one for 700
Selfridges website it's no longer on the
savages website only the other colors
are and they're around 900 Australian
dollars but they are available on the
MCM website if you live in the US or the
UK or a few countries in Europe and like
South Korea China and Japan and I
believe in the US it's six hundred and
seventy-five dollars I'm in the UK it's
four hundred and ninety pounds and um
it's the rough equivalent of those
currencies in the other country so yeah
it was exactly what I was looking for
and at the end of the day it saved me
like two thousand dollars cheaper than
Louie Vuitton
um let's have a look like what I really
liked about it too is all MCM hardware
um particularly their golden employee is
24 karat coated gold so that name plate
is actually coated in gold
um not the stud studs a gold - as well
as is it and like the hardware on the
back
but I still love it it's kind of canvas
like mover time and actually that's
feeling it is a I feel like it's a
thicker canvas almost little over time
which I was really impressed with and
the actual inside is like lined in
leather on the inside is just all black
leather and if you can see in there but
at the back it has two card pockets just
with the MCM logo
I mean leather as well um and just won
front minute pocket on the front which
is slightly a bit larger than the one
that's on the Palm Springs Mini because
these bag are basically the same size
it's a promise ring mini I think they
just one centimeter smaller in height
um but this front pockets a bit easier
to get into than the one that's on the
pumps brings many because it's got that
overlap or canvas which makes it a
little bit harder and that's the same to
go with the top set what I do like about
is that the zip or the main problem is
located on the top as compared to
deliver that on pump spring from any one
that runs on the front and I know a lot
of people say that it's annoying to try
and get into the top pocket so they
leave it open often and just push it in
so I really do like on the top um so
that was another thing that I really got
to like it and actually the quality on
this is like really nice as well like
I've got a matching like everything
lines up the stitching is really good
the leather accents are like really good
quality like the hard way it's light but
it also feels very sturdy as well um
it's know if you'd come with you get
like the truth
have to wear a backpack if you want or
just to swap it out and I just got it
set to wear over the shoulder and I'm 6
foot 1 and it hangs on just on my waist
if I wear it as a crossbody on like the
longest setting but if you are taller or
have a larger frame you can actually
switch the long part from the other
strap interact with the level up from
this strap and it will give you like
almost double the length so it can hang
quite low or stretch quite across if you
need to
I might try it with the long straps but
I had to put on the smaller version and
hung a little bit too low so just on the
last buckle of the original Stratton is
enough for me
the length wise so yeah and it fits
quite a lot in that I took it out for
the first time today and it fits
everything I need because I'm a guy I
don't carry that much but as a lot of
people who have had like the pants rings
many will tell you like the size is
quite deceptive if you can fit quite a
lot like it's quite deep and base so I
can easily fit like my wallet my card
hold on my phone my light lip balm like
all my basic essentials like I can fit
my keys I can fit practically everything
I need in here and even like a small
bottle of water will fit in there if you
want to so really a great little
essential bag and I do love this done
like I never really liked the MCM
monogram in like a larger backpack but
India I really do I do enjoy it like
it's quite nice and I do like the konjac
color but the other colors are nice too
like the pink quite nice for a girl and
the black is also quite nice if you want
something a bit more discreet
when you buy the bag it does comes with
no box just a MCM dust bag a usual I'm
even if you order from the online store
it just comes with like a dust bag in a
shopping bag you get both your straps
and then you'll also get an envelope
with your care information with your
one-year limited warranty so it's just
got special care about the straps and
the stud and how to keep the canvas in
like the best condition you have your
maintenance guide in German Korean
English and Chinese and Japanese as well
and also if you purchase from a store
you'll get this card which is for your
warranty which guarantees or entity and
it will be filled out by the sales
assistant and mine's been filled out
from London so you'll have all that
documentation and they'll just send a
little envelope with the bag so overall
it's definitely a great little bag like
I did hold out for the Palm Springs mini
but at the end of the day I'm really
happy with this so even though I've got
the chance even if I got the chance to
get up on three mini I'm not sure I
would because at the end of the day for
the price point of two and a half grand
I could go in and I could buy a much
bigger bag from Louis Vuitton like a key
for forty five and I could also get like
a wallet as well for the same price as
what you would be paying for a Palm
Springs backpack so for less than half
the price even if you buy it retail in
Australia from David Jones for 1200 it's
still half the price of the loo at the
time
brings Minnie um so yeah that's about it
like it's a great little bag I highly
recommend er I've only worn it like the
one since I got it this week and I've
already had lots of compliments on it
and it's also not something everybody
has everyone on Instagram or social
media has the Palm Springs mini but I've
never seen anyone with the MCM bag the
be boo boo so yeah so it's different I
actually think the quality is really
good for the price like it's almost like
Louboutin quality and when it comes to
stitching and like Candice thicknesses
even similar to like the early Louboutin
will I change the canvas thinner um yeah
so I really recommend it and also that
it's handmade to use a nice touch so all
of them are different but yeah so it's
the same size as the mini Palm Springs
so if you're not quite sure um try one
on in store if you can or if you have
the Palm Springs mini like try that on
you know it's roughly the same size just
two centimeters shorter yeah so um I'm
really going to enjoy this bag and I'm
going to use it to death kind of fill up
my Instagram for sure um if you have any
more questions about this bag or MCM um
just leave them below in the comments
I'd love to answer them yeah um this is
my first video on YouTube and I'm hoping
to like start uploading more many
probably Louboutin cuz I'm Malou the
time collector but just any bags in
general I'd love to do reviews or what's
in my bag or like opinions on stuff so
yeah like if you want to see some of
that like keep checking out my channel
subscribe like follow me on Instagram
and yeah that would be great so I hope
you all have a great day
I hope this has like either convinced
you whether or not to buy it is that if
you were questioning it or if you don't
know about it you now know about it and
want to go check it out okay then thank
you for watching have a great day and
until next time bye