hi I'm going to show you how to do the
self-adhesive laminating sheets the
directions that it came with were not
helpful at all because I found that
there were a lot of air bubbles so I'm
going to show you how to do it my way
I'm working off the floor you could work
off the floor or on a desk or table just
make sure you take a wet cloth and wipe
it down to make sure that all dirt or
dust is wiped away so it doesn't stick
to your laminating sheets so here I go
uh we have our laminating sheet and it
says to peel off here so we're going to
start
peeling away all the way across and
we're going to fold just a little bit of
it all the way then we're going to take
the sheet that we are
laminating and we're going to make it
even on both
sides okay all the
way okay some going to show you a little
closeup so it's even on this side as
well as this side
okay now we're going to turn it over and
I'm using a ruler you could use a credit
card but I find that the ruler works the
best and we're just going to start
pushing the air bubbles out go to the
other side peel back more and we're just
going to push all the way so it gets to
the
end
okay
okay and we're going to flip it
over and get the other sheet that we
have and do the same exact thing where
we're going to
peel and bend just a little piece all
the way across and and then we're going
to turn it over and we're going to put
it on top of the other one matching it
exactly from corner to corner then I
want to press down okay so that it looks
like
this all the
way
okay
now going to turn it towards you
okay and then just go to the other side
behind it and start
peeling and then same exact thing just
going to push the air bubbles
out all the
[Applause]
way we
am
okay then now we have these these two
adhesives left and then we just going to
peel
it peel the other
one and then just smooth it out with the
ruler or your credit card and voila we
have a perfectly laminated sheet on both
sides with no air bubbles hope that
helps thanks