hello everybody and welcome back to mine
and Cooper's channel in this video I'm
expecting to get tons of jewel on me and
he actually just laid down so I'd like
to use press this video is my top five
dog treats that I'm loving for Cooper
right now keep in mind all these treats
are grain free because of Cooper's
allergy I got all these at different pet
stores and yeah just give you a little
hint into why i love these a very first
top dog treat that i'm loving i have
actually mentioned method making i have
mentioned in one of our favorites videos
before because i just love this company
and what they stand for it is dog for
dog peanut butter dog treats youporn oh
wait no preservatives and they're just
in the little mini one which are great
they stand for is every time you buy a
bag of dog food just peanut butter
anything that they provide they actually
give one to a dog shelter needs that's
why i love this company so much um they
are quite more expensive this again is
on canadian prices but for a bag of this
it was 1099 and then it is quite a small
bag and the treats are really small but
these actually do us is quite a while
and i don't even mind spending the money
because of what the company stands for
and what they do with their money so top
one of the top dog treats is dog fur dog
peanut butter my next second top the dog
treat here comes the drool it is off
street that i've just discovered
recently I don't know if their new I've
never really seen them until recently
also made in the USA they are great free
obviously wag more bark less these are
chicken and sweet potato too 899 which i
think is a big deal because it is a
pretty box the treats are just kind of
like a fairer side this brain also
donates to nonprofit organizations and I
just like fine treats for Cooper with as
most minimal ingredients as possible and
this is one of them and he loves them so
this is another top dog treat that's not
to be loved these songs next on the top
dog treat down oh you could sit there
you sit down heart this is killing of
crumb naturals dog treats um they are
699 which again is kind of expensive for
the amount that you gets the bag is
pretty tiny but they are no additives no
preservatives no artificial colors they
are 100-percent sweet potato I know you
can make these at home for cheap but um
things will remain in Canada so I do
love to support they are just they're
good best you I usually break them up
but that's what they look like next up
my third one two three four four top dog
treat are again one of my personal
favorite I'm acting like these are my
treats for me but um they are Canadian
brands they're made in can't and they
are just called northern I don't know if
you can get these anywhere else they
have they're also green free they have
tons and tons of
flavors like tons of flavors I picked
Canadian bacon with blueberries are low
calorie low flat little black hole flat
also kind of expensive they were 1099
but you do get a big bag it's a really
heavy bag I absolutely love this brand I
know Cooper loves his friends so when at
last top dog treat is more of a cheaper
option because a lot of these are quite
expensive if your dog is bring free the
treats will be more so if I can tell you
that when my last of dog treats are made
in USA they are fruit of the fruit of
those criticals natural dog treats one
hundred percent natural pumpkin and
apple flavor they have a lot of flavors
as well it's a tiny bag on the treats
are quite a good fair size I believe but
these ones um I know that are pretty
cheap you can get these ones for 399 so
for as far as treats go and how
expensive truths usually are this is I
think I'm pretty good job those are my
top five dog treats um great free
edition for Cooper I hope you enjoyed it
if you have your talking I want treats
I'm gonna hurry up with this video I'm
gonna get mauled um you oven job treats
that you can think of that you like put
them in the comments down below I'd love
to go check them out if you can think of
any more dog treats that are grain free
that would be great leave them in the
comments down below I'd love to check
that out and maybe i'll do another top 5
video of a whole bunch of new traits
that are down thank you so much for
watching please give this
like five
you