that's up guys it's super ad little here
welcome back to my channel and welcome
to all the new subscribers out there I
had a little influx in my channel
recently a while back I saw this video
by makeup by Michael Finch where he did
a whole entire makeup face like a whole
entire makeup look but instead of using
makeup he used rigged prison supplies so
today I'm gonna try to a make my own art
supplies and be trying to draw with
stead art supplies and I know what some
know-it-all people are gonna say but Ray
they don't have that in prison but fear
not because with a quick Google search I
found the actual commentary list from a
prison in Alabama prison in Alabama is a
federal prison and in PDF form they have
everything you can buy the commissary
list I'm going to be using every single
product from that list so there is one
exclusion and that's that I'm gonna take
a writing paper and exchange it for
drawing paper just as a disclaimer of
course I'm not trying to hurt anybody's
feelings or make light of the situation
or make dark of the situation this is
just fun so what's up so without further
ado let's just start the video the first
thing we're gonna use are some skittles
now when you mix these with water they
become this awesome makeshift
watercolor next up in the game we have
some instant coffee now once you mix
this bad boy up with some water you get
an awesome alternative to watercolor and
just throwing this out there I do have a
video all about watercolor coffee and I
will link it down below now onto the
more boring stuff you're allowed in
prison pens pencils and paper so the
first thing I'm gonna do is get anything
that holds water in my case I got a
little tray and all I'm doing is filling
it up with water right off the bat this
is already messy so now all I'm doing is
just putting in the skittles one by one
by coordinated color and I can't believe
there's not a blue skittle I was they
have every single color but not blue and
that really upset me for some reason
anyway almost instantly you can see the
dye starting to come off the skittles
and it kind of made me think like what
am I putting in my mouth and of course
after a few minutes of just letting them
sit there
and rotating them so both sides get the
color they look like this like some kind
of a body part that's when you know it's
good and again this was really messy so
whenever I did try to pluck these out it
was kind of difficult because they were
sliding everywhere and melting and all
the Candide was like starting to melt
and so eventually I just got tired was
like screw it I'm just using my hands to
pick everything up and just like that we
have a little palette of watercolor
which is actually really cool how easy
this is to make now on to making the
brush and this this is where it gets
weird so let's start from the beginning
so in Alabama prison you can't have tape
but you can have band-aids and we're
gonna use this as an adhesive ooh and
now we need some hair for the brush that
we're going to make I don't have many
moments on my YouTube channel where I'm
just like what am I doing with my life
but this moment this moment was one of
them that's like two months of growth
for me I can't grow my hair worth a crap
that was hard for me to watch anyway so
all I'm doing is getting that little
tuft of hair and just throwing this out
there because I would be wondering if I
was a viewer I do have good hygiene and
I do take care of my hair and I wash it
often anyway so all I'm doing is getting
that band-aid and attaching it to the
pen and it kind of looks like a little a
little you know paint brush later on in
the video I did decide to like trim it
up a little bit and I just want to
secure it and make sure it looks nice so
I'm going in with the second it looks
nice did you just hear me say that and
I'm going in with a second band just to
tighten it up so it'll be more secure
here's a pre-drawn image I have chose to
do pre drawing cuz I feel like nobody
wants to see me sit there with a pen and
paper just draw something like that's
boring I mean unless you want to see it
so yeah that's how it looks like when I
draw so moving on to how the colors
actually work I guess we're just gonna
go right in so starting off with that
yellow I'm gonna see how well it works
and surprisingly it works pretty good
but keep in mind this is not watercolor
paper I feel like people in prison don't
have access to watercolor paper just
regular paper so this is 70 or 60 pound
I can't remember smooth paper there's
nothing too crazy about this you can get
this at any craft store I'm speeding up
the video because if not we would be
here for ever now that green and trust
me I used a lot of skittles for that it
just did not work out in comparison to
the yellow it just so definitely not a
dupe for the watercolor now on to the
purple if you can call it that it is
definitely not good by any means I'm not
expecting much because obviously it's
skittles but man that color it's like
the color of someone's blood who's been
dead for like 20 days it's just not good
anyway that color right there is the
actual red and I love it
I love it so much it works so good and
the red was super easy to make
I used way less skittles than I did the
other ones mostly because I eat the red
skittles like who eats the yellow
skittles anyway and it was just so nice
I love the red ladies and gentlemen here
is the high quality picture of the
finished piece I can't believe this is
made out of skittles
onto the second one this image I just
kind of completely made up in my mind
the other one I had googled hard Anatomy
and got some ideas for some sources but
this one I was really excited about
because I was using the coffee which by
the way works amazing if it's instant
for a watercolor replacement I was super
pumped about how he was going everything
looks nice like since
such smooth paper and it was a little
bit thinner all the colors were turning
out nice and they were blending with
each other and I was starting to use a
little bit more water than what I had
previously and then I had noticed that
this happened donk donk done look at
that I guess what had happened was some
of the sugar didn't fully melt in there
or something along the lines of that and
it just kind of made this weird texture
on top of the watercolor and if you
notice the lip has like a dark spot it's
because some of the water I don't know
it like melted some of the ink that was
already dried on there and kind of bled
onto the lip but hey sometimes you just
gotta roll with the punches and just go
with what you got and eventually I ended
up liking some of that rough texture
several hours later this is the final
piece after it has dried and I'm sorry
about the weird blue hue but it just
looks really cool I kind of like that
texture man fully not just no ridges
we'll talk to you something anyway guys
I love you so much thank you guys so
much for watching and I really do
appreciate all my new subscribers and I
hope to put out more great content for
you guys I love you guys so so much and
I'll see you next video bye
what's up guys it's super ray dazzle
here well back to my channel today's
video we're gonna be rigging some prison
art supplies oh god oh god