hi guys so today I'm going to show you
how I make a minions KitKat and Smarties
lovely jubbly chocolate cake so the
tools and equipment you'll need for the
cake itself is some everyday cling film
a very sharp serrated edge knife a
palette knife and this is my trusty cake
bar that I use quite a lot for
buttercream in cakes and then I'm using
two delicious round 8-inch
chocolate cakes and so absolutely scrub
a buttercream so what I do is I put the
cling film on the unit and that's cause
I am I'm a bit messy when I'm cutting
the cakes and this just captures most of
the bits that come off the cake and so
just level off your kit using your sharp
knife and you'll find that you've got
quite a bit left from the top of the
cake and what I do is I put it to one
side and I'll use that for cake pops and
then I cut the cake in half again so
that I can put some buttercream in
between and what I like to do is put a
little slice in the edge of the cake so
when I'm putting the layers back
together I know exactly where to place
them because I do forget a hint of tip
as well is if you put an icing on a cake
and turn it over and use that side to
get a better edge in a better finish so
again I'm just leveling the second kick
and again I'm placing it to one side the
left over so I can make some lovely cake
pops later on don't waste any of your
kick and then place the kick on to a bar
and then place the second cake on top of
that before you've cut in half so that
you can check with the kick cap is
taller than the cake itself because at
this stage if it isn't you'd need to be
cutting it down remember you've got to
place your minions and your buttercream
and everything but that's just perfect
and then cut the second kick in half and
put your slicing if the kick was too
high at this stage you could cut some
off no problem and then move the first
three layers and leave the bottom layer
and then what I like to do is just get
my pastry brush and get rid of all those
pesky crumbs be far Lestat's put the
buttercream on cuz you find that they do
get in the buttercream and it's just
messy and makes you it makes it a bit
harder to do that salt so I like to just
give it a final whip up before I put it
on just to make it nice and smooth
and then where the slice is I put a
little bit of buttercream on because I
find that I often forget where I put it
so once it's covered you can't see it
anymore so put a little bit about two
cream there know that that slice is
there so when I'm putting the layers
back together I know where to put them
so smooth out your buttercream and right
up to the edges of the sponge and then
get your second layer and just place
that on top where you've sliced the
kicks and you get a nice even cake
finish and then again I'm just placing
on the chocolate buttercream smoothing
it out right up to the edges now this
cake I used about twelve hundred grams
of buttercream so I did 400 grams of
butter softened and I used 800 grams of
icing sugar and about 50 grams of sifted
cocoa powder and some vanilla extract
so get your third layer again where
you've sliced the cake put that layer
against the slices put your buttercream
on and smooth it out right up to the
edges now when you put your buttercream
on make sure it is flat and even and
just so you don't get the kick you know
being hired at one side lower the other
otherwise you end up with a lopsided
cake which nobody wants again I'm
tidying up with my pastry brush getting
rid of all those bits
and then the last layer does line it up
and I've pressed it down firm like this
is the last layer I want to make sure
all the layers are stuck together and
then put quite a bit of buttercream on
the top because this is where you're
going to be placing your Smarties and
minions smoothing it out right up to the
edges and give it a nice smooth finish
doesn't really matter about the finish
too much on this kick and the kick cat
is still right height it's still plenty
of room above to put the Smarties in the
minions what I'm doing now is just doing
a final tidy up getting rid of all the
bits rubbing down the bottom of the cake
broom to get the bits off and then
remove your cling film from your work
surface and tada you've got nice clean
work surface and then I get what's
called a lazy susan are a spinning bard
so that I can put my buttercream around
the edges of the cake you don't need to
be too methodical with this are to tidy
or neat because remember you placing
KitKat's and smart is all around so you
won't be able to see any of it it's not
be nice so just get the buttercream you
need quite a thick layer all the way
around the cake so just smoothly on make
sure the whole cake is covered and then
this is a really handy tool that I've
got it's a bench scraper and I like it a
lot because it's got a sharp blade thin
blade and it helps me smooth off the
buttercream from the edges of the cake
so what I do is I take some kettle
boiled water really hot water and I dip
the blade in and then what I do at this
stage is I'm taking the buttercream off
and smoothing it but I'm putting it back
on and so take it off put it back on and
this is to fill all the air holes any
gaps that have formed when I was putting
the buttercream on so I'll take it off
I'm pop it back on again make sure you
look in to see if there's any gaps or
holes that need to fill in and use it
quite a firm hand to push it back on
again as well keep going until you get
to the place where you started and you
finally love a little bit about to cream
on and just scrape it into your bowl
again dip the bench scraper into the hot
water and this time I'm just running it
all the way around in one go
not taking it off for anything and again
put the excess in the ball use a hot
scrape it to smoothen off the top and
then I'm doing a final square around the
edge just to make sure it's nice and
smooth and as you can see it's really
smooth now and then take a palette knife
and dip it in the water and I'm using
this just to smoothen off the edges of
the cake and the top of the cake
and then to get rid of any excess
buttercream from the edge of the kid
barred I just use my bench scraper spin
the bard round to get rid of the
buttercream and scrape it into the bowl
this just gives you a tidier finish and
then just one final smooth on top and
there you have your cake and then what
I've done is I've prepared a cake drawn
with blue fondant and put yellow ribbon
and they're blue and yellow a bow on and
then what I like to do is put some
greaseproof paper strips on top of the
barred so that when I place the cake if
I need to move it it's not going to make
a mess all over the cake and this is my
kick and lifter that I use to put the
cake on like that and then just gently
pull out the greaseproof paper and push
the kick back into place if it moves the
greaseproof is ideal for doing that and
then just check your kit make sure it's
in the right position and then take your
front piece out and there you have your
cake on your bottle it's not too messy
so what I do is I'll just take a small
palette knife that I've got and just
smooth it off the buttercream
and then at this stage I just line up
some of the KitKat's and the stats are
opened some of them I don't open them
all because sir
you best ugly not enough than two
minutes if you open to many you may have
to eat them so I think I used about 1011
KitKat's this size for these cake and
then what I do is I I start with kick
catsup then when I'm ready now
on this cert cake and my kitchen was
quite warm this evening so what I did is
I just dumped and down the kit with a
little bit of water and you might not
have to do that way if it does start to
crust and you think this chocolate is
not gonna stick just do that and that
that works a treat so while I tend to do
is well I've broken off the Kit Kat I
put the two edges back together it just
gives you a much nicer finish for the
Kit Kats and there's no big gaps or
anything but just keep pushing them on
firmly all the way around the edge of
the cake pushing any back on there a
move in as you're going around and then
once you've got all the Kit Kats on
let's get your ribbon and what I'm doing
is I'm just gonna tie it firmly on and
this will hold the Kit Kats in place and
I'm putting the bar where the you know
directly above where the boys on their
cake drop just so it looks right then
tie your little bar and check your loops
make sure they're they look nice and
they are both the same size
and then tight tight and then cut your
trails on an angle to finish off the
cake bar and then what I tend to do is
just check the ribbons at the right
height and the same height all the way
around the cake
and use my scissors to go into the
grooves of the chocolate KitKat push it
up or down and then make sure it's stuck
round all the way around and then these
are some minions that I made earlier now
I've put a link on here and to how I
make a minion if you want to have a look
at that please please do and on this
cake I'm going to put five minions you
can put less you can put more it's
entirely up to you and this is your
Center minion with the the arms out I
use just some cocktail sticks to place
the arms now I put this one in the
middle and then I'm gonna place two at
the front and two at the back just make
sure the bush pushed firmly into the
buttercream and this is how it looks
with the minions on and then I've taken
two tubes of Smarties and just sprinkle
them gently into the top of the cake and
using your finger just move them around
so that the buttercream is covered up
you don't really want to be seeing
touches of buttercream through your
smartest and then the second shoe will
just finish it off nicely you want to
put more you can like I went to put less
you can that's up to you and and then
just check your carrot make sure it
looks right and what I've done for this
world is I've pre-cut some letters and
numbers so that I can place the birthday
boys name and age on the front of the
character and I stuck the letters down
with water and then I decided to give it
a finishing touch by putting blue and
yellow Smarties
around the edge of the cake barred which
gives it a lovely finishing touch
and I stopped these down with edible
glue and there you have your lovely fun
adorable minions KitKat and Smarties
kick ideal for any minions fat
I do hope you've enjoyed this tutorial
and found it helpful and useful and
thank you very much for watching if you
don't want to see more tutorials from me
don't subscribe bye bye