and indeed conducted after Dundee
down-right bread sauce very very
traditional compliment to a Christmas
one predinner amazingly easy to make
really simple ingredients and tastes
absolutely delicious red sauce
ingredients 1/2 liter of milk hundred
grams of fresh breadcrumbs this made
from half a baguette but was a couple of
days older two tablespoons of single
cream one large onion studded with
cloves about 12 cloves in there 50 grams
of unsalted butter 1 bay leaf and about
10 black peppercorns okay first thing to
do is to infuse the milk with the onion
the bay leaf and the pepper right I've
got the milk on a medium heat and we're
going to slowly bring this to almost
boiling but not quite so I'll cross it
the onion with the cloves and we just
pop them in and the bay leaf and the
peppercorns so that's it just keep an
eye on them make sure it doesn't boil
over crystal ruin it now you need to do
this quite early on the day because this
infusion will take at least it needs to
be left for at least two hours
right there yeah milk confusion is all
that coming to the boil so we'll just
take that off the heat here I've got the
infused milk I've strained out the onion
and the cloves and bay leaf I'm just
warming this and I'll add
some of the breadcrumbs I won't put them
all in because it might be too much it
might make it too thick if it doesn't I
can always throw a few more in so that
the breadcrumbs will expand and thicken
the sauce the bread sauce is plenty
thick enough possibly too thick using
what about two thirds of the two thirds
of the breadcrumbs
Oh melty melty and the cream just on a
low heat yeah
obviously when obviously when you use
cream pie heat doesn't do a lot of good
for it I just have a taste
hmm maybe a bit of salt
oh yeah that is just about right okay
ready to serve sad indeed inducted
ductility gotta turn it down