hey YouTube so today I'm going to be
showing you a short little video on how
to reuse your wax from a candle so as
you can see here I have a Bath and Body
Works Bahama Fizz 3 Wick candle and the
bottom of it um I I still have you know
wax left over and the wick is gone so I
can't really use it anymore so the first
thing that you are going to do is you
take this
container and you pop it in the freezer
for a few hours so I'm going to go do
that and I will see you back in a little
bit and I am back and I put the candle
in my freezer for I would say about I
would say about a good 2 hours and I
don't know if you could see besides it
being really cold and kind of foggy but
um there's some cracks I don't know if
you could see that so
that's that's a good thing will'll
probably make it easier for me to take
out so what I have done is I gotten a
knife and I also got a plastic container
like this and then it has a little a
little green top so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to I'm trying to do this
with one hand I'm going to take my knife
and I'm going to try to
break this apart
with
onehanded I don't know if it's going to
work oh there we go all right so we did
a little bit there oh there we go cool
all right so I'm going to dump this out
onto my
towel
and cool very nice
so that I will take out at some point
but this is what it looks like the wax
now one I'm I'm going to do now is I'm
am going
to cut the wax um or Break It I should
probably break it might be easier y I'm
going to break this wax up and I'm going
to put it into the little container um
now what I'm going to do after this is
once my once I've broken these pieces up
here I'm going to put them in this well
like I said I put them in the container
and then what I'm going to do
is at some point I will burn them
and sorry um and so I can reuse the wax
so that's what the bottom looks like
that's where the wick is and yeah it
does look like I have a lot of Wick left
but I really don't I really don't have a
lot of Wick
left so now I'm going to pause this and
I'm going to show you what you need to
do now with your container
and I will be right okay so the next
step after this is to fill your sink up
in your just fill a sink up this is my
kitchen sink and what I did was I put
one of the the water stopper that's in
my bathroom into here cuz sometimes the
little um Stoppers in my kitchen my
kitchen sink don't work so what you're
going to do is you're going to fill
your fill your uh sink up with water and
then you're going to add a little bit of
soap sorry if you can if you can't hear
me but the dish soap is just to help it
you know
clean supposed to clean the um you know
clean the
candle clean the label off and get any
excess wax out now you want to be
careful because you want to make sure
that your your container is room
temperature because you don't want your
container to crack because sometimes
what happens is that if
you put your container
in and it's very cold then it has a
tendency to crack so we don't want that
to happen so now what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to temper this for a
second okay now I'm put a little bit of
soap in this sorry about the mess in the
other
sink and I'm going to fill that
up and while that's still like
that I'm going to make sure
that the
water stay it goes a little bit past
halfway which it
has yep and I will be back in a minute
to show you what to do next so you're
going to leave this here you're going to
leave this in your sink for about I
would say a good maybe 10 minutes and I
will be back so now what I'm going to do
is I am going to take my container out
of the hot water and as you can see I
have another one going on at the same
time cuz I and this one actually was a
bigger one
so I had to uh I wanted to get that one
done so I'm going to set that over here
so what I'm going to do now is I'm going
to take this and dump it out okay just
make sure there's nothing in now now you
can see that in the bottom there's still
the the wick is still the the wick uh
like the bottom of the wick is still
there and this should gently be able to
if I pull this gently it should be able
to pull off which it did so sometimes
that does
happen so it is a little bit um sticky
down there but not a big deal so now
what you're going to want to do next is
you're going to want to take this this
the bottom you're going to want to just
scrape it off you could peel it off the
hot water and the and the um and the
soap really helps out a lot so I'm going
to peel that off as you can see it comes
off really
easy there's a glare I'm
sorry I'm just scratching it off with my
fingernail and it's coming off really
easy or you could use a knife
if you don't want your ah stupid label
or if you don't want your label you know
your hands to get sticky or anything
like
that so it comes off very easily just
like I
said I I don't know if it looks it but
it it's coming off pretty easy apologize
for the little uh clinking going on my
dog is walking around in my kitchen in
the background
and something tells me she wants to uh
go outside and do her business but she
just went out about 5 seconds ago
so yes my puppy is nuts and I love
her okay so I'll get the rest of that
off after but um cuz I don't want to
waste my time on the label but for the
most part it's off now if you want to
get the stickiness off just take some
olive oil and put it on a paper towel
and just wipe it on there and it it'll
come off really easy so this label here
this is another this label here you
think it would be really hard to get off
but it's not it's very easy it peels off
so easy whoops sorry trying to do this
onehanded taada there you go so now you
are all sent to do whatever you wish to
do what you want to do with this you
know so you can use that container and
um you can use that and uh cover it with
something so oh yeah hi so anyway so
that is my container and how you take
wax out and how you take labels off hope
you enjoy my video and have a great day
guys bye