easy crock-pot lemon chicken you know
what time it is
stop playing players come on let's go
using a bowl cover the chicken with cold
water and the white vinegar soaked for
one hour rinse thoroughly with cold
water and put your chicken to the side
slice all of your lemons into four to
five pieces place the lemons onto a
platter or in a bowl and put your lemons
to the side
now add your olive oil onion powder sets
on with saffron seasoning Montreal
chicken seasoning lemon pepper seasoning
dried Italian herb seasoning poultry
seasoning garlic and herb and dried
thyme rub your seasonings into your
chicken normally I double my seasonings
when cooking into crock pot for a long
period of time this step is really
optional and up to you guys just season
your bird well you know what time it is
stop playing add a layer of the pepper
stir fry veggie mix to the bottom of the
crock pot followed by a layer of the
sliced lemons add your chicken and mince
garlic and continue this layering until
all of your chicken is in the pot after
you have completed the layering add the
dried thyme and additional seasoning to
the top of the chicken cover your crock
pot and set your temperature to low this
chicken will take five to six hours to
cook
after five hours of cooking you're going
to add two teaspoons of butter and baste
the top pieces of chicken with the lemon
gravy cover your pot and cook for one
more hour this lemon chicken is being
served under a bed of seasoned yellow
rice and steamed broccoli there is
nothing else left for me to say easy
crock-pot lemon chicken
this is a no-fail flavorful lemon
chicken recipe it can be served any
night of the week and for any special
occasion this is the shot to be thank
you guys so much for watching it is
greatly appreciated and until next time
remember to always keep it moving you
know what time it is stop playing