hello there guru Larry here I certainly
never got to try coca-cola black when it
was originally released not because it
wasn't released in the UK I was just
never into coffee at the time yeah yeah
Brits love their tea hmm but breath
video while ago really gave me a
hankering for the stuff well I did
really want to pay through the nose for
a four year old bottle and I'm not
skilled enough to invent a flux
capacitor to go back in time and buy a
crate so I was wondering is there
another way and well yes there is which
is pretty much the whole point of this
video really most store-bought products
are just a combination of ingredients so
why can't you just make them for
yourself and for what it is coca-cola
black is incredibly easy to make all you
need is 12 ounces or one can of regular
coke twelve ounces or one can of cream
soda two tablespoons of black espresso
though you can just make some really
strong black coffee if you don't have
any and a quarter of a teaspoon of sugar
they know what you need to do is boil up
some espresso then allow the sugar to
dissolve in a mixture pour into a jug
then add the coke and then the cream
soda and give it a good old stir serve
it over ice and hey presto a modern day
fresh glass of coca-cola black enjoy
oh you can also make coca-cola vanilla
from this recipe - all you need to do is
leave the coffee out obviously
you