what's up everybody my name is cap and
welcome back to another Minecraft
tutorial today I'm going to show you how
to make a hopper clock or engine I guess
if you want to refer to it that way it
can be used for both of them kind of as
a timer device or as a powering device
as you can see here it's running all by
itself here there's really not much to
it it's pretty simple setup and it goes
through and works on a specific time now
one thing that's really great about how
this Clock Works is that you can kind of
configure it to the work to the time
that you want so unlike doing a uh a
specific kind of redstone clock which is
like you know one tick eight clicks four
ticks or something like that you can
really kind of dial it into specifically
how much you want it to run for how long
and you know big delays and stuff so
it's really simple to actually make um
I'm going to say I did not invent this I
saw a version of it on another video
somewhere that was non-related and so I
kind of broke it down disassembled it
put it back together and came up with
what you have here and I want to show
you guys how to make it so here we
go all right first off all you're going
to need is pretty much the stuff that
you see down in my item toolbar here
minus redstone torch this was for
something else just some Redstone you're
going to need two comparators two
Hoppers a block of redstone um I'm just
using wool just for design purposes and
two sticky pistons so if you're doing
this in survival mode you got a little
bit of work to do to get it ahead of
time e easy way to set this up here is
use two rows of six
blocks like this side by
side and then you're going to want to
decide on the back side here just one of
these two we're going to call this the
back so it's really easy to figure out
which direction you're going okay now at
the very first part here what you want
to do is you want to drop a hopper right
on top of it there now right next to it
you want to do is hold control and click
it so that this Hopper goes into that
one break this one I know it's crazy
right and put this one back on here so
that they go back into each other it's
important that they connect to each
other like this if they don't it won't
work okay now what you need to do is
take your comparators and put them on
opposite sides of the Hoppers facing
away from each other like that okay
you're put another block here at the
very end of
it and to the sides of it what you're
going to do is you're going to put a
sticky piston facing each other like
this so you can kind of see what's going
on here I just want you to be able to
see what's going on okay then you're
going to take your block of redstone and
attach it to either one it really
doesn't matter and then right here is
going to be where you want to run some
Redstone out so you can kind of see the
direction that's going if you're going
to have this run off to your automated
Farm or your mob's grinder or whatever
else you want to actually have there and
then all you need to do is put a
redstone in this corner and a redstone
in this corner and that's it that's all
there is to it now comes the slightly
slightly complicated part this really
isn't that hard but it takes a little
bit of thought process to go into here
okay a standard Hopper sucks out two .5
items every second I know it's it's an
odd number so it makes doing the math on
it a little bit hard but just think of
this for
every item you have in there it's going
to go pretty much instantly so for one
second it's going to take out two and a
half items that means if you want to do
five items it'll give you two seconds if
you want to do 10 items it'll give you 4
seconds if you're going to put 20 items
in there give you 8 seconds
Etc so if you're W to try and figure out
exactly how long you want it to go let's
say you're like okay well I need to get
uh every 10 seconds I want it to go off
here so you basically just do the math
of 10 seconds * 2.5 gives you 25 items
here so you would take
out 25 sorry I can't count put it in
here and you'll see it starts sucking it
out and putting it back into here and
once it gets completely full on the
opposite side it'll trigger the
comparator over here and it'll push the
Piston back over here triggering the
Redstone Block powering out and coming
over here so you can sit here and time
it if you want to and I tested it out
it's pretty much dead on exactly every
10 seconds so if you're trying to figure
out exactly how much you want to be able
to put in there that's the math that you
do um if you put in a full stack of
something 64 items in there it doesn't
come out even it comes out to like 25.6
seconds which it more or less just kind
of rounds up and down at the same time I
know it's really crazy but it's like
every other time it seems like a little
bit faster than the last one here so if
you fill a hopper completely full which
is 320 items it'll take it 128 seconds
you know a little over 2 minutes for it
to go through and click it here I don't
know any practical applications as to
why you would need that much of a delay
in it but I guess maybe if you have some
sort of automated farm and you want to
give everything time to actually run
then you actually can so that's pretty
much it is just you take however much
time you want this thing to run multiply
it by 2.5 and that'll tell you how many
items you actually need to put in there
so like I needed to go every 30 seconds
multiply that by 2.5 you need to fill
this up with 75 items which you can use
these other slots here for like I said
once it gets completely over then it'll
recognize the comparator will recognize
hey I have slightly more power than this
one over here so I'm going to light up
my piston and force it the other
direction now as you can see they're
both lit up here and as you watch it
shift see it one goes off for just a
second because it's just long enough for
all the items to get over and then it
starts going right back again so it
works as a pretty reliable clock and I
haven't found that if this causes any
kind of lag in like multiplayer servers
so I mean cuz it's only going Hopper is
the only thing that's really going until
you start having it you know really work
on it here so let's say if I was going
to take
out I'm not even sure how many blocks I
have in there anymore here we'll take
out this many just to see how many is
actually there cuz I can't can't
remember how I put in you can see I took
out some of the blocks and so it'll
start going a little bit
faster let me see I took out five of
them
now so it's going pretty quick you're
not going to get a whole lot faster than
that because it's two items so you got
two items in here that's right about 1
second 1 1,000 2 1,000 1 1,000 2 1
that's about it that's about as fast as
it's going to get if you took out one of
the items there it wouldn't go any
faster so anyway that's pretty much all
there is to it um I hope you guys
enjoyed this maybe learn something from
it uh if you have any questions you know
don't hesitate to ask leave them in the
comments below and I'll try and answer
them um the meantime just use this be
creative and see what you can come up
with you guys have a good one and I'll
catch you later