got that I shot it back here and today
I'll be making a video showing you how
to make car sounds out of a soda can um
there are many ways to do it and I've
seen some other going to do it this is
one of the best ones I'm pretty sure you
ever seen first off I would usually take
a drink of water I want to do that get
your soda can mine's already made so it
sounds like this yeah okay so you can
make any kind of sounds with the
technique I'm about to show you take
your soda can and open it pretty simple
right drink all the crap that you ever
had
take off the thing that you opened it
with rip that off but rip it in such a
way that the whole tin flow doesn't rip
want to be very careful that's very
important if you drip off the tin foil
the vibration won't work very well if I
talk and in from the can you have to
feel the vibration out of these two
tubes alright so what you're going to do
is that after you've done that you want
to take the flap to cover flot and put
it right under this thing right here if
once you've done that now it's time for
the crease um the way you're going to
crease it it looks like almost okay at
the moment you want to crease it with
this side this side right here facing
you like this and then you want to
create it once you've done that just do
this or uh or any type of high-pitched
sound you can make it Tunga like this
it'll make that sound then you want to
do a high pitch like a formula car
works anyways and then almost sounds oh
here's a tutorial on your mind your
throat might get dry after doing it but
it's nothing too major alright hope you
guys enjoyed it please like and
subscribe you know see you in the next
video bye