oh hey yeah see it'll Tash here Oh I'm
dad
oh I'm not dead please come get me oh my
gosh
come on okay we're good
oh man oh I did not die okay oh oh oh
what's my health hat whoa it would have
died I would have died I was like it one
health something stupid like that hey
everybody this is s Dubuque Chris I play
games that one up life welcome back to
the iron mine server here on our
survival evolved I guess you can notice
my voice is moving my lips are that's
because I kind of wanted to try kind of
a more immersive thing let me know what
you think about it I'm just holding down
the B key this is our servers voice chat
today what we're gonna do is we are
going to go ahead and work on moving our
bass over to the redwoods forest I got a
location all picked out but in order to
be able to what build the new platforms
and stuff I gotta go ahead and clear my
engrams cuz they only have 58 points
left and if we scroll down somewhere
around here it's fairly involved uh
where is it they a platform it's called
a platform something is metal tree
platform I can only do one of those I
can do one of those I'd rather do like a
bunch of stuff so I'm gonna go ahead and
clear my server uh I'm my my Engram
points so I can scroll into first-person
mode please fire okay I am stuck in
third-person mode because I'm in K there
we go oh man alright so we got one of
these let's go ahead and use it okay all
right everything is gone
and I am I cannot move why can I not
move
oh because I don't have any weight
anymore that's why
all right let's bump this back up to Oh
what do they have 350 all right 350 yeah
I can move again all right hmm okay
there we go
let's do crafting speed up to 150 I
think it was fortitude was 20 oh my
goose I added extra didn't meet you and
hmm what else do I want health stamina
up to 150 I was pretty happy with the
original settings I had so we're gonna
do that
Foods good oh wow we are dropping fast
okay zero yeah just eat that please
just keep going I don't know how many
levels I have left to do but I'm sure
we'll figure it out what do we what else
already doing melee damage won't manly
damage I mean does that really when
we're in a pickle it does probably help
a little bit so let's go up to 150 there
okay and I think I'm pretty happy with
all the rest of that so I'm gonna think
about what I want to do for the rest of
that but oh I could in good points this
I apply these interesting interesting we
maybe we do crafting speed 200 move at
speed boom its speed is helpful what's
that let's do 150 movement speed - ah
and then we're done okay great okay so
we have all this stuff to learn I will
learn it off camera and I'll be right
back with you when we are ready to move
in to our new home and I'll get to show
you which is awesome all right everybody
welcome back we are coming into where
our secret base is good to be well not
not really a secret hey uh this is kind
of fun I thought this tree area we saw
would make a good base especially in
this spot right here with the
wooden ranch that's just kind of falling
across there um is there like a
Pteranodon stuck in the oh that's a
Diplodocus Diplodocus sorry
it's stuck underground that is weird
Kenny Kenny quetzel go in here No
okay let's let's turn around I was just
curious but yeah this is going to be our
entrance right here so we will business
yeah that's right
this is this is correct so this going to
be our entrance and I think we'll use
these trees right here as our bests I
wanted to get it to where my passive
dinos can kind of wander around down
here free of free of any hassling by the
locals so we're gonna have to place some
wood fence foundation strategically I
think but we'll do that as we kind of we
won't do that this episode was not kind
of do it is we go on so yes I see that
guy is coming towards me
let's lift off the ground so he loses
interest and all right so I've got wood
fence foundations on here
I'm sorry wooden platforms and these
things Oh too many I can only do one of
the time cuz they're so heavy ninety
pounds and they cost an arm and a leg
1600 wood which was crazy but 600
cementing paste was really what killed
me okay and I oh wow is that the lowest
it'll go can i does it only does only
snap like Oh interesting it only seems
to you can't go up and down it huh okay
I was kind of hoping I could snap one
down there but I don't think it wants to
let me there's kind of a shame um right
I can't actually snap onto the small
ones that's kind of obvious okay looks
like that guy wants me um uh soup yeah
that's not too bad I like that um maybe
we could even get it to where you have
to walk on the log and I threw the
long now that would be pretty cool um
yeah it doesn't it's not awful I'm just
trying to think of how I can build a
ramp to get my dinos up onto this
platform because this I think I want
this to kind of be the front work as you
say it's it's an interesting idea um is
that a Dodie Oh Dody spawn naturally in
the forest that's cool oh hey uh so do
Terra birds let's just ignore him okay
so yeah we got a platform kind of wedged
in between two trees which is pretty
good um next I want to do just a little
bit of experimenting I saw this kind of
triangular one over here that I might
angular oh this angled tree I want to
see if I can place a platform on it just
curious
okay let's do that let's grab the next
one I'm not gonna actually place it yet
because I just want to kind of see if
it's possible oh it is possible it's
totally possible that's neat
oh you can you can do a double platform
maybe oh oh triple platform cuz they
snap at the same height about it looks
like maybe this one's a little taller
and that one might be a little taller
but yeah okay cool yeah you can you can
place them on the big ones even if
they're angled which is pretty cool uh
now I kind of want to see if we get how
high we can get them on these big trees
so let's go up here and let's take a
look what is the biggest tree around
here is it it's one of these two let's
go for this one this is definitely the
biggest because I think I would love to
have a crow's nest to park my Wetzel's
or maybe just have a lookout platform um
it doesn't look like it wants to snap
yet so let's go down into the tree is a
bit until it turns green and you're
going to yeah maybe I can't place it
because oh there it is okay so that that
is the highest
you can go so what is that
we'll go higher no it doesn't want to go
higher okay so interesting oh and I'm
flying through the trunk
so obviously the salt solidity ends here
um and that is oh oh that's not very
high actually it's about halfway up the
trunk I'm actually a little sad about
that I guess you can't place it in the
leaves is what it's what they've set the
settings at and this is the highest snap
point below the leaves so if we want to
go higher we will have to build up from
here using pillars and stuff okay so
that's that's interesting okay so anyway
let's continue let's go back here and
let's place our other two platforms I
want to build kind of a dedicated area
for each thing so if this is our our
entrance and actually we could just
build a bridge from here over to there
and that could work pretty well we don't
have to use this tree so that's an idea
um let's see what what else we got here
alright so next thing I want to test out
is can i snap okay I can snap here but
as you see it it snaps just a little
higher above the ground so if you kind
of want a multi-step sort of dwelling
which you know maybe that could be cool
maybe you could make that work then
that's an idea to do um and then this is
this is a little higher even still would
go up into the leaves this one will go
up into the leaves Oh interesting
okay well oh you're playing with it um
but yeah I think I want to try to make
this we're just gonna be like Bob Ross
okay we're gonna go ahead and place this
I'm just gonna see what happens with it
what can we how can we make this work uh
how does this work architectural you
know um that is a good question what I'm
not entirely sure
so c-can I walk right oh I can just walk
right up I don't even need no stairs
haha oh that's cool okay sweet okay so
now we've got a super
large platform to where we can build and
put some dinos and that Diplodocus tail
is still driving me nuts it's weird it's
Finn this is that normal I haven't
really gotten an up-close look at these
things oh no that's just my graphics
card waking out okay well there you go
the LOD model okay so let's take a look
at that let's see how that works I over
here and yes two platforms ah ah ah ah
okay awesome so they're slightly
overlapping what happens I kind of want
to go vertical on this so I don't think
I'll do this but I am kind of curious my
third platform of the day and I've only
made three of these so we have to make
this one count
can I go over here yes I can but it
doesn't quite connect so you would have
to use a ramp and a bridge or something
to get over here and that would look a
little funky okay so let's uh come above
a board what's his name what's what's
his name I forget Sonny let's climb
aboard Sonny and let's see if we can
make a better case that once only snaps
right up there doesn't want to snap
higher this one what's gonna do ah trees
it's so wacky you know okay that one
doesn't snap any higher that one's gonna
go all the way up which is kind of what
I want let's make it as high as we can
okay so let's put one right there okay
cool
all right so we got a nice little it's
even kind of protected you know um okay
so we can turn the gamma off because
we're good here so if we land up here
this is our highest one this might be my
house I might make this one my house
yeah we got got some workshop platforms
down there maybe just an idea maybe
maybe I do want the house over there
yeah I think I do because the view is
prettier down there
here it's just all trees and stuff so I
think I'll make this uh maybe the quits
I re that would be kind of cool it's in
this nice area that's still wooded you
can't really find the entrance the only
open spot is right here so we could make
an O wait there's an open spot here of
course so we could we could make a
little pets cage and and I read here
there's a tree in the way here so we'll
probably just wall this part off so it's
just sort of round and stuff but yeah so
that's that's an idea anyway let's see
what we can build here so unfortunately
it looks like my recording software
recorded my game sounds distinct from my
game video I tried to fix it I spent
like half an hour on this and it looks
like that only got me about a minute
into this next bit of footage it's just
gonna take way too long I'm sorry guys
but what I will do is I'll have a
background noise of this this ambient
sound here and just so it doesn't sound
so quiet so hopefully you guys are okay
with that my voice is still fine you can
still follow what I'm going to be
talking about on screen here but
unfortunately no game audio so I hope
that's okay let me know in the comments
if it's not and I'll do my best to
improve in future episodes
thanks alright everybody we are back we
have a completely finished wooden bridge
now I know there's a little gap there
but you know beggars can't be choosers
in arcs building system is definitely a
baker's system stew what we're going to
do instead is find ourselves a very nice
little gate way I might see what the
behemoth gateway does for this sort of
thing but right now we're just doing a
stone Dino gateway see what we can do
here for funsies I suppose it's okay hey
mood there we go so we will have to put
walls or pillars or something along the
sides to completely block it off from
predators but for now this will work
wonderfully
let's do that there we go so now that
will keep it predators at bay and it
looks kind of intact
we're leaving these wood pillars here
because I kind of like the way they look
they look like old constructions and I
kind of like aging things a bit so we're
going to leave those there and yeah that
would be cool
I don't have the stone well maybe I have
the stone pillars let me look I probably
don't hae had to create some stuff and I
don't think I did much stone today no we
didn't do much stone today so that will
wait for another time
next up I want to kind of fill you in on
now what we're going to do with this
area here this is basically my front
porch so I want to have a landing area
for fliers and stuff so let me get some
thatched walls patch walls are perfect
for doing scaffolding and basic
structure work so that if you screw up
you know it doesn't cost that many
resources so that's what we're doing so
I've gone ahead and laid out some fence
posts here this yeah that's the outer
wall so I'm pressing the hot key I'm
pressing e to rotate it so that the
outer wall is facing outside so there
that's going to be our the beginning of
our dwelling and the entrance is
probably going to be around through here
maybe I might put it in the middle we'll
see how that works out but right now I'm
just kind of riffing a bit okay I want
to show you how I did these okay so if
you see the length of this thing it's
not quite three across I don't know how
the math works out but what we need to
do is we need to line these up these
foundations and then we're going to put
railings on top of them so I just need
to make these straight and it looks like
that's pretty darn straight let's zoom
in a bit so I can see and we're going to
go just so it's a little outside of the
pillar there I use the tour it's kind of
a space filler okay there we go
so once we have one done what we can do
is we can move these in oops I'm sorry
not not quite like that yes eventually I
want the foundation
we can do this we can do that okay so
you see how that doesn't quite reach
into the pillar either okay so that's
why I put the pillars so you can't
actually walk through the gates here and
walk through the railings and kill
yourself which I have done actually it
has been painful I've fallen off this
platform you may have seen it on video
once I've had a couple false starts
let's say did be helpful by helpful if I
use the right key there all right mm
excuse me all right so we got one done
let's go ahead and place the others I've
gone ahead and pre placed the fence
foundations since I know it's a little
time-consuming so we're going to go all
the way through here all the way over
this do one area right here okay so now
we're gonna go ahead and put some
railings right there right there and
then oh I can't actually go in yeah oh
well okay that solves a problem for me
because I couldn't actually how would
you say it um get an even number of
these things to work so I had to come at
it from a defense foundation starting
over there and move in and then starting
over here and move in this way doesn't
quite work the way I planned so we're
going to go and do that by the way when
you're deleting things on this platform
you need to be very careful because if
you just hold down press D demolish tree
wooden platform it gives you six seconds
which is very nice because if it if you
demolish this everything disappears your
entire base is gone it's horrible kind
of like this fog so pay no attention to
the fog what we're gonna do instead is
we are going to do that then we're going
to come at it from this direction as
well oh wait there's still one there
okay and one more in okay great so
that's exactly what I want I want that
area closed off wow this kind of cool
fog I have to say I can't see anything
it's like the thickest fog I have
or seeing but it looks pretty cool I
mean it looks kind of like a like a
silhouette sort of thing anyway
um this is where we're gonna grow crops
eventually we might make a greenhouse
out of it but for now it's just going to
be garden plots and water and all that
but before we even do that we're going
to make it our little basically tinker's
base until we find a proper place for
this I do have a fabricator in here but
I'm not going to place it because this
really is temporary and I don't want to
destroy yet another fabricator so unless
I absolutely need it I'm not going to
place it down but we got our smithy here
so that works for me this is gonna be
our little workshop area until we turn
it into a garden and then the final
thing building wise today that we are
going to do is we're going to take a
look at this deck I've extended I've
expanded the deck out this is just a
proof of concept I need to rebuild this
whole thing but we will do that
eventually I want to show you how I did
that as you can see there's a there's
foundations here
sticking out and then there's a you know
just wood ceiling sticking up and that
so here's here's how you do it we are
going to do a grand experiment I'm just
going to show you for the camera I might
delete this later but what I want to try
to do someone try to Center this up okay
now you can see how that's off a little
bit we need to rotate a bit flip it a
wick yeah yeah that'll work
yeah no work um let's proteins right
sorry use my Johnny test please little
weird um okay there you go that's one of
the things you will find on my channel
by the way is random voices eventually
um you guys haven't met mr. woodchuck
yet if you are new if you're new to the
channel welcome and now in the little
wait saying that but we're gonna we're
gonna place this perfectly centered
actually do well want it perfectly
centered I want it so that the line
radiating out from the center of the
tree bisects the corner the top right
corner of whatever ceiling will be so
this is the foundation there's a ceiling
that extends out from that so we're
going to have to just kind of wing it I
think that looks good let's place that
and we're just kind of guessing at this
point but I think that's kind of how
it'll work so go straight out like this
and there's a ceiling that extends out
it'll get pretty darn close I don't have
time to figure it out right now because
we are kind of doing this for a video so
all right so here's what you want to do
is I place that first just so I could
get the measurements correct right and
then what I'm going to do is I'm going
to place a pillar right there so now we
delete this search for and we're going
to place another one
now this thatch floor is actually
slightly lower than the fetch where I
just delete it and the way you can tell
that is when I demolish this and I place
a pillar here and then I push seven my
place pillar and eventually it'll go
lower yeah there it is
alright so there you go to make your job
easier you can just delete this first so
what we're gonna do is we're just kind
of repeat this ad nauseum o place pillar
ah place pillar okay great
and then delete this um let's see I oh
yes then delete this and then place war
one baby
yeah you can see it it's already lower
it's noticeably lower we're gonna keep
going like this but we're not gonna go
so low as han Solo
sorry Star Wars thing we're not gonna go
so low that we can't replace this with
wood and we're going to place that right
there okay we're getting close we might
actually be there let's do this like
that demolish this and the way you tell
is yeah when it goes too low and it
turns red you're screwed okay you're
done so if
turns red do not delete this whatsoever
there is a way to recover from this is
you put a ceiling and the ceiling and
then a pillar and this pillar actually
so let's see can I demonstrate so we
what you do is you place the that roof
here you place it that roof here and
then you place a pillar here and so what
happens is you see how that pillar
sticks through the top that means it's
slightly taller than this power which
means when you delete this and you
delete this the platform you set down
next to this one will be slightly higher
than this one so you'll be able to you
can recover that way if you're following
hopefully but we're not going to do that
because I'm happy with this as is so
we're going to delete these and we're
gonna delete this pillar because I don't
need it okay and we're gonna add bents
foundations so six and six good and yeah
yeah wonderful one more please right
there okay you know that's actually kind
of centered almost a little off maybe ah
okay so now I know how to do this
actually know how to do this properly is
you want to make it so the seam between
this one and this one is like right in
the middle here this is slightly off but
it's good enough for me uh oh you guys
can't see oh wait you can't see because
I've already gam it up I am a
 alright so now what you can do is
you can place your ceilings like so and
roll ah you'll have it at dick and this
goes okay not quite out far enough so we
will have to let's see what happens here
oh yeah it kind of it kind of impedes
like that okay so you'll have to you can
make a funky design if you if you if you
line every single side up perfectly
you'll be able to make a funky design
let's
leave it at that okay so yeah that's
pretty cool so anyway we can place walls
here these are gonna be glass eventually
I think that's how we want to work it
but that way you have a balcony but I
think if I do that I am actually going
to place the walls right there so that
way we have a large open balcony I don't
want to make a covered balcony I want to
make it open so anyway we've done a lot
here we've got a basic base setup I'm
keeping my animals up there there's mr.
woodchuck
hey say hello mr. woodchuck oh yeah
that's mr. woodchuck um mr. woodchuck is
my beaver they don't have what Chuck's
in this game but I love Joey Gladstone's
mr. woodchuck ha ha cut it out I know
I'm bad referencing a bad 90s TV sitcoms
mr. woodchuck is full of wood and he's
we're gonna go say hi mr. woodchuck
uh-oh Rob a bottle right mr. woodchuck
is my best friend here on the server
although don't tell Manny that I do kind
of like him too
but I have fun playing mr. woodchuck and
you know how you know doing voice acting
and stuff and Ray Romano just isn't as
awesome so let's grab grab some
gravestones because I do have something
to do before we end the episode off
tonight
all right in the great red Wooding of
the continent all of the rocks on the
server respond and that resulted in some
unfortunate deaths here on the server
mostly I think it's just me that had
this happen which is really sad and
unfortunate because
ah well it's uh some of my favorite
dinos have gone to the big old apartment
in the sky I have to say so I've got
eight eight gravestones here and we are
here to mark their passing and this is a
nice lovely meadow just gives you a nice
view of the green tower and the sunrise
and the meadow beyond I think is a great
place to memorialize everybody so that's
what we're going to do we are going to
go ahead and place our first one let's
go let's go up to right right between
these two trees I think they'll love us
okay so that's not a gravestone since
please okay
so this is our first one let's place it
right there
this is medley
Esteva Chris's Wetzel medley it was the
one I told you about last night
I have noticed more since then sadly
this is stink but this is my uh my
lovely blue and gray wooly mammoth
he I tamed him he was level 121 I tamed
him so I really am missing extinct but
and K mode just make sure they're spaced
out adequately
this is going to be Oh wolf O'Donnell
s/w Chris's dire wolf the first one I
tamed I believe okay moving on place
here okay some sign text this is going
to be Donna has to be Chris's Raptor we
have several Raptors that got deleted by
the rocks and that that happens sadly so
this one is Rory
Rory uh never got to play with him much
it was kind of skittish one of the bunch
oh this one hurts a lot River River was
I believe one of the pack leaders before
Captain Jack kind of came along so it is
particularly sad for me Amy who can
forget Amy
this is Donatello Donatello was my uh
frog
he was wonderful purple and I lost him
of the swamp collecting cementing paste
for our platform sir
I'm very sad about that and there we go
a grave for Chomp emic John face so
Chomp emic John face was my Giga and I
just didn't feed him and he starved to
death
so I've D disinterred his remains and
they're going right here
so let's there you go
there you go all right so that's Chompy
McJob face and this is our new graveyard
pretty very sad let's get out here where
this guy comes back and ruins my party
oh wait no we're good I think we're fine
by the way that is a cool Pteranodon
where is it
white one oh it's gone alright anyway um
hope you enjoyed the episode if you did
please leave a like don't forget to
subscribe for more Ark survival evolved
here on the iron rain server with me
yours truly
wha SW Chris I am fun-loving I do
building things next week I think we're
back with UTC and maybe McMaster done
hopefully and don't forget to subscribe
so you see that and then we'll get back
to building posthaste this is not going
to be like my previous quote-unquote
base where I never build on it we're
going to be doing quite a lot of
building mostly because I am getting
married in August and I will be away so
I need to pre-record a bunch of episodes
so look forward to those and I hope you
guys enjoy the series welcome if this is
your first time here we'll see you next
time my name is SP Chris auf wiedersehen
arrivederci la vista bye-bye