hello buddy hope you're all well welcome
back to my channel I'm back today with
another haul for you and this is going
to be a houseplant haul with a bit of a
difference because all the plants I'm
going to be showing you today are air
purifying plants so all plants are great
for the air but these ones come from a
range that are called
air purifying plants that I picked up in
little so I thought I'd show you these
in the bedroom as that's where I'm going
to be keeping these plants to improve
the quality of the air in here and I
thought you might like to see the new
duvet cover on the bed I picked up in
Aldi's alright isn't it
not bad for 1499 for a king-sized duvet
cover and the other side are the other
sides like this so you've got the blue
and then the more turquoise yes I just
thought you might like to see that as
well and also my new lamp is now in
position that came from
Medina's event Grillo designs and iconic
lights so I thought I would just show
you that I am planning a full bedroom
makeover soon I've got lots of different
ideas for it and yeah I think I need to
do some mood boards and hopefully we'll
get that done this autumn so I'll share
that with you as well before we get
going with the hall if you're new here
don't forget to hit subscribe I'm
posting new videos every single week and
if you enjoy this video and want more
plaid halls please give this video a
thumbs up so in case you didn't know I'm
just going to tell you a few little
facts about how plants purify the air
before we get into this something is
quite interesting and I didn't know all
of this myself so I'll just share that
with you now so apparently we spend the
majority of our time indoors especially
if we live in a city I'm here filming
this video in London and our homes can
be subject to a lot of pollution
obviously we have the windows open so we
could be getting pollution from outside
from things like the traffic and we can
also have pollution from within the home
just things like various toxins that can
come from furnishings or carpets or any
plastics that you bring into your home
things like cleaning products mold and
mildew bacterias they can all end up as
particles I'm not very time to think but
I'm getting the gist of it so I hope you
I'm explaining this okay so all those
particles end up
the air and what happens when we bring
plants into our home is that they will
absorb the carbon dioxide and also some
of these particles these toxins and then
when they do their photosynthesis their
you will then release those back as
oxygen which is great for us to breathe
in so they do do a really good job in
our home so it's really worth investing
in some house plants if you haven't got
some already and I just think they're
great tap around I think it's really
good for your like well-being I think
they make you feel a little bit calm and
it's just nice to have some living
things around you in your home so with
that being said I've picked up three
plants and from Lidl that are part of
this range that they called air
purifying plants basically so they came
in this really nice wrapping I think
these would make really good presents as
well by the way
so the sleeve they come on is a hundred
percent recyclable Eco sleeve made from
natural products and it says on the back
a green plant is a living piece of
natural art it brings warmth and delight
into every home it takes polluted air
and gives back fresh oxygen and then
it's I'll just take out the wrapper
while I'm telling you this actually you
can see it this one is a Sansevieria
trip husky otter
I hope I'm saying that right and yes so
it says this plant is extra-special she
has grown packaged with the utmost care
for the tomorrow's of our planet Earth
the greenhouse in which we grew this
plant has a co2 neutral footprint it
does not stop there also the cover that
you're looking at is a combination of
SFC certified paper and declare
recyclable kind of plastic and even the
print is made from water-based ink so
this green plant is here to bring you
delights because it was grown with the
most respect for our planet Earth and it
says that this one needs pot sunlight
watering between 18 and 26 degrees and
I'm going to do it keep it away from the
knives and forks because
I couldn't resist it sorry something's
got in my eye and how beautiful is this
as well I really really like the leaves
on this and the texture of it they're
kind of solid and really smooth and
they've got the cool yellow stripes
going up the sides and I don't think I
have one of these I've got something
smaller that's similar but I haven't got
one that size so I got that one oh I
think these were three pounds 49 each by
the way now I also picked up another
phone simply because both of mine are
still in the plant hospital yeah they
were part of the house plant rescue have
a look at that video if you'd like to
see how I've been rescuing some of my
poorly plants this one is called the
prolific excel tartar or vallarte and
yet so this is a beautiful fern and I'm
hoping I'll be able to keep this one a
bit happier I went into a plant shop on
one of my blogs in Antwerp I think I was
and basically the lady in that plant
shop told me that with a fern you need
to keep it moist but also there's a bit
of a myth that these don't like light
and they do need some sunlight I think
that's well went wrong I kept it in dark
conditions and they do like to have some
daylight so it says with this one it's
the same care instructions actually so
partly sunny water it and keep it
between 18 and 26 degrees and keep it
away from your cutlery drawer so
hopefully this one will stay looking a
little bit healthier and I'm gonna keep
it here in the bedroom so we just need
to remember to always get all the blinds
open during the day to make sure that
we're getting the daylight in here
because sometimes we don't pull them all
the way back can we forget be able do
that and hopefully and the plants in
here will be really happy and this is
the last one that I've got to show you
this is aadi antem Rodina also known as
frits Luthi I think you say it so this
one is really really pretty look at the
tiny leaves on this one I really like
this it's so delicate I think the yeah
the leaves are incredible they kind of
almost see-through I'm facing the window
and I can see through the petals
and yeah they're just really really
pretty and delicate and a really unusual
shape as well they're really soft and
feathery as well and they've got a
really thin delicate stem so I think
that's a really really nice one and I've
never seen this before so I'm really
pleased with that so I've got these
three together and I'm gonna get some
pots for these I probably got some pots
for these I need to have a good sort out
of all my plant pots and figure out
which ones are for which plants and see
if I do need to buy any more but I think
I'm probably all right and so these are
the three they look nice together as
well down there we've got three very
different textures on these must have
like the fluttery one and then the solid
one and then the bushy one so
descriptive I know that's everything
I've got to show you in this plant tall
I just wanted to show you those because
those are in store at little at the
minute and they do tend to go quite fast
they may be in your local one they came
in quite late they were supposed to be
in a few weeks ago I think so they may
just pop up randomly in your store if
you've got one near you so worth keeping
an eye out and of course you can get all
of these plants in any plant shop I just
go there because it's easy for me so
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video and if you are
new here don't forget to hit subscribe
please give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and feel free to leave me
a comment down below let me know if you
have any of these plants if you've got
any care tips for them and if you keep
any plants in your bedroom thank you so
much for watching and I will see you
very soon oh I'm doing a weekly vlog
this week as well so by Friday you're
gonna have a long video if you can bear
to watch that it's going to probably be
over half an hour long so I'm not sure
if you guys like that kind of vibe but
I'm gonna try it out so that will be
with you hopefully on Friday evening
thank you so much for watching again and
I will see you very soon bye close the
window you can probably hear flights and
the bus and the cars oops it's all going
to be house plans
by beeping now and why are you about to
run and this is the last one I could
show you this is adiantum Medina
this one is a Sansevieria trifa sea
otter Santa period this one is a
Sansevieria trip husky otter