in this video we're going to show you
how to restore faded leather in a quick
and easy way and it looks excellent the
first thing we use is a leather aerosol
die and we just apply that directly to
the faded leather it absorbs right in
and dries within a matter of seconds
I'll have a list of the products that we
use in this video in the description
below we use about four different
products two different kinds of dies and
I'll have that in the description for
you so you really just kind of want to
slowly miss this over there like I said
it dries within a matter of seconds and
it absorbs right in so this particular
leather piece has three different tones
it has the base tone which is a very
light color it has a secondary tone
which is actually the cordovan color
that I'm applying right here and then it
has a third tone which is a chocolate
brown almost a black color
and you want to apply them lightly in in
series so here we're going to apply the
cordovan first and
in a moderate amount
and as you can see it just absorbs right
in so you really want to hold the can
about to feedback at least a foot foot
and a half you really don't want to dye
the leather darker it's it's harder to
go
back when it's too dark versus from when
it's a lighter color it's much easier to
dye something that's lighter versus
something that's darker and sometimes
you even have to use acetone
so here we're going to apply the the
third tone which is the dark brown
almost a black color and you really want
to be careful when you apply darker
tones like this because like I said it's
really hard to to fix it if you dye it
too dark so you really just less is is
almost better when it comes to this it'd
be better to waste a can than have to go
through the process of
um
removing the dye that you applied so
apply a little bit there and we're going
to go over it with a cordovan coat again
we're going to reapply the third tone
like I said just a little bit of Mount
I'm holding the can about two feet away
here just really adding little bits of
that uh dark brown to the to the leather
there I'm going to go over it again with
a with a cordovan tone here and and that
should bring it back to pretty much the
exact same color as the remainder of the
the leather piece
and they have this both these companies
have several different colors that can
match almost any kind of leather you you
can imagine
and it really just absorbs right in so
the leather does dry out a little bit
when you're dyeing it and things like
that so what you're going to want to do
is you're going to take a high quality
leather conditioner I'll have the
specific kind that we prefer in the
description below but almost any kind
will work but I really prefer this kind
and so you really just want to work this
into the leather it's going to take
quite a bit because I said that it does
dry out a little bit not a whole lot but
this really softens up the leather it
extends the life of the leather even if
you apply it to the whole couch you
should always condition your leather it
is skin so we'll apply this here and
I'll show you a video after I apply this
whole conditioner here but it pretty
much looks brand new and it feels brand
new it it really comes out looking
really good we love these products and
we've been impressed with them quite a
bit and we've been using them for over
two years now so here's the chair
and thank you for watching our video
please tell us what you think in the
comments below and uh subscribe for
future how-to videos thank you