here's tomatoes super-sweet 100 variety
from farm-fresh organics it is a cherry
tomato variety that doesn't grow that
big but produces lots of really nice and
sweet cherry tomatoes as you can see
here I've got it supported by a steak
and this cage here because I saw it kind
of getting a little wobbly as it was
getting bigger it's been growing really
fast
I've been fertilizing it weekly with
tomato fertilizer that I just got from
the store I just kind of sprinkle it on
top of the soil and water it in and it
looks to be pretty happy we've got some
flowers here which which is a good sign
and some more flowers up here which
should indicate that the tomatoes aren't
too far off I think it needs to get a
little bit bigger maybe when it gets
around here it should start producing
fruit and from what I hear you can get
hundreds of sweet cherry tomatoes per
season from this plant and when I got it
from the store it was about this tall so
as you can see it's grown quite a lot in
about the two or three weeks that I've
had it