when it's me llama and today I'm gonna
be showing you guys how to make a
bandeau prom so if you wanna know how to
do it step-by-step just keep on watching
I have my fabric fold it in half this is
a remnant that I actually made a
reversible dress with and this was one
part of it and other side was black I'll
be linking that below if you do want to
know how to do versatile dress and today
we're going to be doing a bandeau and
make sure when you place your fabric for
example I already folded what I'm going
to be using and it could still make sure
that what you're what you want visible
outside is facing upwards for example
this is facing upwards and this what
your folded is facing downwards so make
sure that the what you want visible
outside is always facing towards each
other when they're actually folded in
half so my holding is right here and now
I'm going to be cutting my fabric out
and I already have this band row bandeau
bra that is from Roxy but it is a little
smaller from here so I'm going to be
making it a little larger from from the
from top to bottom so now I'm actually
going to be cutting the sides make sure
you kind of cut on a slant just like so
what we're going to be doing now is
sewing along here I actually sewed along
the edges already along here as you can
see I've already sewn on the edges and I
use a Kenmore serger just in case you
guys want to know you can use just any
regular old just any regular machine and
sew along here straight across and I'm
going to be flipping this over so it
looks once it flipped it over as
and now we're going to actually going to
be we're going to place it in half and
make sure you so long
straight across here so I already sewed
it along here and make sure you know
what actually do not slant it just cut
straight across remember to that I told
you to put like that well do not cut
like that just cut straight across from
the edges straight and then just sew it
on top sew the edges together and this
is what how it came out and let me like
what I told you you remember I told you
to actually slant it do not slant it
please I was thinking if I actually I
was thinking another way of doing it but
no make sure you just cut it straight
across like that and then you just flip
it over and this is how it looks just
like so and I'm gonna be using that what
I sewed as my back and remember I just
do not slant what I told you about
slanting do not slant it just cut it
straight across and then sew it so yeah
this is how it looks and it's super cool
because you do not need any elastic
because if you have a fabric that's very
stretchy you won't need any elastic but
if you do have a fabric that's not
stretchy enough you would have to add
some elastic along the top portions of
the band oh maybe like right here and
right here but this one fortunately is
very stretchy so this is how it turned
out I think it turned out really cool
and these bandeau bra look really cool
with like high-waisted maxi skirts or
with like Razorback shirts like this one
let me see if you can see yeah you can
see that it's exposed just a little it
looks really cool so yeah um if you guys
happen to make it yourself make sure to
comment down below or even post it on my
facebook and make sure to like this
video if you did like it and as always
have an awesome day and thank you so
much for watching bye