hey y'all it's me Eddie
I'll show you something really quick I
got so many videos I'm about to shoot
really quick and I need this for my
supper tonight so I thought why not make
one more video I had it all set up to
make videos so I'm gonna share this with
you French dressing okay you can trick
it like you like it this is I'm gonna
give you the base recipe sometimes I do
different stuff to my own dressing you
can do it depending on what you're gonna
use it for you can tweak it to your
taste okay so this is a basic it's not
an exact it's what you like okay so you
can kind of tweak it like you want to
and with a couple changes it'd be easy
to turn it into a Catalina but that's
for another video
okay so let's get started I've got one
couple and I'm gonna reserve that -
laughter mix everything else up okay and
I've got half a cup of just white
vinegar I've got a half a cup of sugar
and I've got to measure my ketchup sorry
about that when I do this really quick I
need two cups of ketchup and I forgot to
measure it off-camera so bear with me
I'll be like real-time
not exactly but still alright there's
one kid thirds ketchup now this that you
know this is one of the ingredients that
are adjustable several of these
ingredients are just the one you just
make it like you want it alright and
we're gonna go ahead and here's my
little spy stuff this is 1 teaspoon of
dry mustard 1 teaspoon of paprika 1
teaspoon of salt and you go up to about
a teaspoon pepper it's your liking you
can go more than that if you want it but
I go I'm going with about 3/4 of a
teaspoon of pepper okay also I need
forgot my lemon juice so I'm going to do
the lemon juice really good and it's
needed
1 tablespoon of
let me measure that out really quick
and the last thing in my case it you
need about two tablespoons or even up to
a half of a small onion you know more
onion if you like it of onion finely
minced but since I already I had some a
fresh batch of freshly caramelized
onions I'm just using one tablespoon of
my freshly criminalising is that just it
today okay you just use fresh minced if
you want to okay now I'm just gonna
whisk this up get all this incorporated
gonna get that brown mustard mixed up in
there which it will when I'm done with
it it will be
alright that's good enough for what
we're doing and then we're gonna drizzle
the whole in okay so let me get that all
we're gonna start drizzling okay what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna keep whisking
and I'm gonna I'm just use them a little
squirter here I've already got this
measured out and I've got a cup of I'm
using sunflower oil you can use olive
oil whatever you want to use I wouldn't
probably use coconut oil or something
like that of course but anyway you so
kind of all you want I like to use my
roll I'm slowly mixing this as a slowly
drizzle in this oil okay
so as I'm drizzling this you can see how
I'm just slowly drizzling I'm whisking
and let me get the rest of this cup and
I'll be right back
so I'm cut down on this time so you can
see what to do okay okay I've been
mixing it for a couple of minutes now
and any little things you see in there
that's that I need caramelized onion in
there which in your case it'd be a
little lumpy from your fresh onion no
big deal and I want to explain to you
everybody's got a little bit of
different taste I'm giving you a basic
recipe when I put it down below I will
kind of give you a range on the
ingredients you can tweak okay some
people don't like to add black pepper in
at all we don't mind so I add it in
there but a lot of people had a lock and
I don't want to add a lot I'm making
this for a little salad i'ma put
together another video it'll be a
quickie too and I'm gonna marinate it
all together for a few hours then we're
gonna have it for supper tonight so
that's it guys French dressing you can
tweak it like you want to and I hope you
like it and I'll see you next time bye
bye