I'm Christina perzi and I'm hi bone and
we are the beer
[Music]
chicks that's what she
said Hot Summer Nights hot summer nights
makes you think of Seduction Secrets
deception
breaking the law I don't know but we're
going to deceive some people we are
we're going to make this cocktail for
some people who think they don't like
beer they're beer haters they won't ever
even give it a try we're going to trick
them we're going to flip it on them have
a reveal change their mind a secret
summer sangria the secret word
is you'll like this drink if you like
big summer parties flamco fruit salad
Antonio Bandera hamon cerano
ception sangria is a punch just think of
it as a fruit punch it's a fruit punch
that's very popular in Spain great with
tus we're going to do a white Sangria
with white wine and white beer it's
actually pretty idiot proof I'm not
saying anything about you Christina no
I'm sure you're not it is idiot PRI
because you could just throw a bunch of
fruit in there you can throw all your
favorite fruit and you're not really
going to screw it up done okay not Idiot
C then
I would say about four slices of each
thing use size as your guide pears pears
we got some pears some strawberries
pineapple some lime some lemons and
we're just going to slice them I would
say so they look real pretty Prett
pretty and just throw it in your picture
we like a nice big sangria style
[Music]
picture man remind me never to piss you
off that is disturbing do not drink
before you cut the pineapple pineapple
just gives it a little bit of that
tropical
note the pears look pretty the Citrus is
essential and then you know throw in
whatever your favorite fruit is
Christina is going to eat all the
pineapple very delicious and not share
with me thank you there's funny put that
knife down I'll open the wine bottle how
about that okay that would be
[Music]
great I'm scared for my life so now a
little bit of mixing all right okay
break out the pitch
got a little picture to mix in so we're
doing a whole bottle of wine yes so you
want to use Savon Blanc you can use a
reasing if you like but we like the saon
Blanc something a little bit drier not
too sweet because you have the fruit
you're going to have the beer we don't
like too sweet sweet cocktails like a
nice little balance and then we're going
to do 3
oz of brandy brandy
brandy that's not this this is not a
song by the way we just we're just just
singing little bit of sweetness with the
Brandy thir of a cup thir of a cup of
sugar mhm sugar it's almost like we're
baking all right so now we get to put
the two together we're going to combine
the Luscious wine Brandy sugar mixture
with the beautiful fruit that we cut
earlier you're probably wondering where
the beer is it's coming later I promise
you a little that Sugar out there wait
for it now the best thing to do is to
let this sit overnight because the
longer you let it sit the more all the
flavors are going to come together the
fruit's going to get into the mixture
and the sugar and the Brandy and the
Wine's going to get into the fruit which
makes a delicious treat later so you
kind of just stick it in the fridge
overnight so but by the power of TV
magic we have one fitting
overnight all
right wow doesn't that look delicious it
does look beautiful it's a gorgeous
centerpiece even all
right we love it when people say to us
I'm I don't really like beer I'm not a
Beer Drinker I don't want to any beer I
don't like beer I it it's very heavy
it's really it's like a meal it's too
much makes me want to barf makes me real
Angry so we decided to make this for
people who said that to us and we would
make it for them in our house and then
we tell them later they actually do like
beer and then we'd laugh and laugh so
this is a Belgian style white ale it's
actually a Japanese made Belgian Style
white ale it's called Hino white it's
from ibaraki Japan it's made with
coriander uh orange peel and it has the
flavors of like apricot and stone fruits
and it's really really delicious it's
got the cutest little owl on it so cute
little bird and you can use any white
ale but you know normally people would
use soda water or some some bubbly thing
we don't even understand without any any
alcohol at all yeah you know how we feel
about soda yeah okay here yay okay let's
let do it yep let's add our beer this is
where the magic
happens and we add a little more so two
12 oz bottles of beer in our sangria
give it a little
stir look at that it's like a giant
happy
beer so we made some really special cute
little ice cubes because we're not going
to pour all of this fruit we want the
fruit to stay in the pitch and keep
flavoring the beer and the wine and the
Brandy and all that good stuff so you
make cute little ice cubes with
strawberries in them this way you have
your fruit you have some beautiful color
but you know you don't have one of those
things where you take a sip and then
it's like on your face and then I know I
hate
that oo that smells so good too you can
smell the oranges and the Brandy and the
look at that color that's like that is a
summer night right there that is
gorgeous it's like a sunset is that too
much little too much little too much
little cheesy little too much all right
and then you have your little little
little strawberry on it let's not wait
any
longer M that is some good [ __ ] I know
that is really damn ow the picture's
mine let's go see you later bye
subscribe to hungry and feed your food
obsession