hi everyone its Michelle from a common
life here and today I wanted to share
with you the new chore chart that I have
created for the new year last year I had
set up a chore chart very similar to
this for our five children now Eric is
only three years old and so he doesn't
actually have any chores on the chart
but he was required to kind of help out
his siblings along the way so I've kept
it set up the same way it's just with
the fork children here as you may know
from my previous videos our children are
color coded so our son David is always
in red our daughter graces in purple our
son Gregory is in orange and John is in
green eric is in blue but he obviously
is not on this chart so whenever I
assign them something they are always
assigned according to their color so
after about six months of using the
chore chart I decided to kind of change
things up a little bit so this is what
it looks like now every morning before
we start home school each of the
children has to complete these tasks and
then they also have to do whatever their
morning responsibility is so on Monday
they each have a different assignment
and our two older children they both do
their own laundry
so David does his on Monday Grace does
hers on Thursday and then on Wednesday
Gregory helps me bring up the boys
laundry and then on Thursday John helps
me with on the adult laundry so that's
how we do the laundry everyone helps out
during the week and then there are also
just other jobs that they're required to
do like cleaning bathrooms wiping down
the appliances sweeping the pantry
stairs means picking up anything that is
on the stairs both of the boys are
required to that job from time to time
so these are all of their
responsibilities that they do every
morning before we start home school then
in the afternoon they also have their
afternoon responsibilities and these
will happen after quiet time and then in
the evening these are basically right
before better right before dinner time
responsibilities now the thing that I've
added to this chart for this year is all
of my responsibilities I thought it
would really help me out to basically
have everything written out here so that
I knew what I needed to do every single
day so I have given myself a list of
things to do in the morning now most of
these are not actually chores they're
just things that I want to be able to
kind of just check off as I go along so
I was gonna start out my morning if you
saw my
2017 goals video I will link to that up
here you will know that I have made a
goal of doing devotion and prayer every
morning before the kids are up and
moving so that is one of my plans for
this year after that I'm going to go
ahead and prepare for home school and
then I'm gonna make breakfast and then
I've already talked about our weekly
laundry but I've just written it down
here for myself and then while the kids
are doing their quiet time in the
afternoon after we've finished all of
our home school every single day I have
assigned myself a different job to do
and so none of these are really huge
jobs and the way I look at it is kind of
if I haven't completed it by the end of
the day that I can go ahead and do this
after the kids have gone to bed as well
and then the big cleanup time is in the
evening after dinner I usually actually
do all of these jobs already this is the
only new job that I've added to the list
so my husband is the one who puts the
kids to bed every night and so while he
is putting them to bed I always clean up
the dining room table that I wipe it
down then I load the dishwasher wash the
dishes I wipe down the kitchen I always
tidy up the homeschool room and make
sure it's set up for the following day
and then oh and then I set up the
homeschool room and then my new thing
now because we have a robot vacuum I'm
gonna go ahead and run that vacuum every
night so that'll just kind of you know
clean up the floor and make everything
perfectly tidy for us when we wake up in
the morning so here is just a quick look
at our responsibilities that we are
going to be taking care of every single
day these are mainly for during the week
so Saturday obviously you can see here
there are no chores for the kids on
Saturday but if we need help you know
they help us they know that since
they're a part of our family they're
required to help us do jobs from time to
time and it's been really great because
they really don't complain about it as
much as they used to they know that it's
basically just a part of being our
family so I have gone ahead and posted
this on our bulletin board so that we
can all see it every day it is right
next to our homeschool schedule so when
the kids wake up in the morning and they
look at their responsibilities they can
also go ahead and look at that
homeschool schedule and see what we have
going on for the day thank you so much
for watching this video if you have any
questions please put them in the
comments below please don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos like
this have a great day
you