[Music]
Jamie with YouTube channel Bard or
bananas invited me on a collab for the
look for less it's where you find a look
that you've been loving and recreate the
look for less than retail it can be home
decor fashion a DIY or even a makeover
whatever you want it to be so please
check out Jamie's Channel along with all
of the other ladies when you're done
watching
me rise to the occasion the centerpiece
of your buffet table or table skate sets
the stage for what's to come most of you
have seen and love my table Riser that I
use on a lot of my tablescapes and here
is an example of how I use them this is
last year's Christmas breakfast and I
have a vintage Santa sitting on top well
I want to show you how you can take a
flat Bing table and turn it into
something
fabulous there are so many benefits to
having a tabletop Buffet Riser your food
can be presented beautifully you can
also add seasonal Decor along with your
food and vertically it can make your
food in presentation look
amazing tabletop Buffet risers can be
expensive depending on how big or fancy
you want it to be here's a plain table
riser for
$49.99 but wait you almost have to pay
$49 just to ship it I will show you how
you can make one for under
$35 to make your tabletop Buffet Riser
you'll need the dimensions of how tall
or how short or even how long you want
your table riser to be since we have
tons of scrapwood in our shed from other
projects I grabbed a piece that was
going to work on my kitchen island
in case you're interested I got all of
my supplies from Lowe's they had a huge
selection of bun feet to choose from
they have different heights and shapes
and styles and the prices weren't too
bad remember if you're military you get
10% off your total purchase also in the
same area you can get your mounting
plates as well it cannot get any easier
than
this if you don't have a table saw to
get that perfect size piece of wood
don't worry Lowe's will cut your wood
for absolutely free just give them your
measurements so here I have the hubster
doing it for me because I have to hold
the camera to show you guys to make sure
things are level with a pencil he's
marking where the screws will go he also
placed the mounting plates about a/ in
from the corner edges this way the feet
don't hang over the
[Music]
wood this took no time you guys I mean
maybe 10 minutes minutes if that but I
have another option for you if you're
short on Space you can also use a round
Wood round to go vertical if you are
short on
space so for a different look I'm using
the ebony wood stain finish that I had
in my garage already and it's so easy to
do all you're going to do is dip your
little paint I have a sponge brush here
you're going to dip it put it on the
wood then you're going to take a rag and
just wipe it off it's just that easy now
now if you want it to be deeper or
darker just you know let it dry in
between coats and just keep applying the
stain so here it is all done another one
of my favorite entertaining tools is
using teared stands I love using
anything mini on them these are some
scalloped egg cups that I got from piure
1 for $150 each a few years back doing
this adds another layer and dimension to
the stand you can use them for many
desserts or condiments or maybe just an
egg I love using them mini tasting
appetizer spoons is another big favor of
mine when entertaining it gives it a
touch of class and sophistication I got
these appetizer spoons from World Market
perfect for small bites sauces and many
desserts another entertaining tool I
love using on my Buffet are cake stands
again it adds another interesting layer
just by adding or stacking dishes on top
here at last year's Christmas breakfast
I have dishes stacked on a cake stand
and again more interest and it's adding
[Music]
height here underneath you can add extra
dishes or even a nice flower arrangement
the possibilities are truly endless
you'll almost always see a different
table Riser or a tear tray on my
tablescapes so I hope you all have got
some great ideas and tips if you decide
to make table Riser please tag me on
Instagram at Bey guest with Denise I
would love to see what you have came up
with and style it you can also go to my
blog at Bey guest withth den.com and
I'll have some pictures and a nice
little read up for you guys so I want to
thank you all for watching
[Music]