and there goes my phone how fabulous
anyway
hi everybody it's Robert Jones again
it's day number sixteen thousand three
hundred and twelve of my life and today
it is hot Santa Barbara and aletta area
it was 106 in some places today and
that's way too hot for me so in order of
this I thought it would make some some
tea something very simple for everybody
just to show you guys how to do it it's
really simple and there's no reason you
shouldn't be doing this at home there's
no reason to buy a two dollar bottle of
tea at the gas station you can do this
for like ten cents so what you're going
to need is just a thing of water this is
just a 12 ounce excuse me 12-cup coffee
pot if I'm sweating it's just because
it's like still 90 degrees I've got some
tea I'll show you that in just a minute
this is the infuser that actually fits
into the teapot and then we also have
some sugar and just some stir sticks so
we'll show how to do that so it's very
simple all you have to do is in this
case I have a tea infuser you don't need
to tea and visually you can put the tea
bags right in the water it's not easy so
I've heard from a friend who works at a
sushi bar that the best ratio that I've
ever heard of and tasted was a three to
one meaning three black tea bags with
one Earl Grey but you can use whatever
you have now I did do some research
online the CDC has recommended that it's
not for people with a compromised immune
system the reason being that there could
possibly be bacteria although if you're
using black tea it is bacteria resistant
and as soon as it's done brewing you put
it in the fridge it should be fine so so
the best ratio that I heard and
researched and did for myself was they
say one tea cup one bag for every one
cup liquid of water that sounds a little
strong for me so I'm going to put four
in this here so I'm just going to add my
infuser just so it's easy to take the
tea bags out later and then one and then
three other ones a black tea you just
put them in the water put the lid on
can't do this on my hands
and then set in the Sun that's all there
is to it so now just brought this in
from outside it's been about two hours
the tea should be ready so have a bowl
here you simply open this back up in my
case take out the infuser or just fish
out your tea bags here and look T
amazing now since we have friends here
hey friends hey if you have some eyes
and some curves always prepared I'm
Leighton and just pour your team and it
won't melt your eyes because it's only
room temperature it will mature as a
little bit but not a lot and then
garnish for friends friends Thank You
friends on camera thank you very much
alright everybody cheers cheers clink
clink please whoa michaelis let down and
kiss it mmm delicious was really going
so refreshing that's good stuff anyway
thanks everybody for watching i'm robert
jones you can find me here on mark on
you pneumonias mark two you can also
find me on twitter at yuddam onus or
anywhere else just look under Robert
Jones because there's not a lot of us
anyway how am I going to tell you guys
back
you
you
and the CDC recommends that Sunday is
not for people with an emotional and not
emotional
if you can't be quality I'm thought it
makes them Sun tea with it and stop