hey there Chris Wheatley from hots up
University today we're gonna talk about
the base of your hot tub and how
important this really is to your whole
hot tub buying you know decision because
what we're finding coaxes a lot of stuff
that gets pooled up into issues that
really you know aren't issues so guys
will use this stuff and it's a sidetrack
issue it's just keep you know from
talking about the important things you
know the four really important things
were that are really affecting the
quality of the tub and the base of the
hot tub is one so here's what's
happening we got guys doing that pressed
fiberglass bases we got guys doing abs
or rotationally molded bases we got guys
doing ABS bottom pans and the pitch with
these guys especially if they're doing
them in conjunction with a hand rolled
shell is that you no longer need a base
for your hot tub so what they're really
kind of saying the customers are saying
look it because the shells so strong
because of super wonderful base you know
you don't need to prep the ground and
you can just throw this tub on the
ground it's bad advice and it's bad
advice for a number of reasons and
really it's kind of dishonest here's
what's going on we don't really care
about what's under the base of a hot tub
for the hot tub itself okay they're
right in that so much you can throw the
hot tub on the ground the reason we prep
ground isn't really for the device being
sat on it we prep the ground because we
don't want it to settle and evenly and
that's it that's why we do it for houses
for for everything so to tell a customer
that they don't have to prep the ground
really is lying to them because now
we're gonna drop this ton of water on a
hot tub onto the ground the ground is
going to settle on leave evenly there's
no way in God's green earth that it's
going to settle Level II so in a little
bit of time and it could be anywhere
from a couple of months to a couple of
years it's gonna look stupid your tubs
gonna be out a level and it's
immediately obvious folks because your
tub is basically a level it's got water
in it as soon as you look at it you know
right away whether the tubs level or not
level so the other thing is is that as
that ground settles the tub is gonna
flex to fit the ground now in with price
telling you that the shell is strong
enough that it's going to resist that
you know the ton of water and and not
flex there are the lunch they don't know
what they're talking about so every
shell out there in the world is going to
be able to flex a certain amount and if
we put it on the grass and it settles
unevenly it means it's gonna Bend and
it's gonna flex a little bit
probably not ever gonna hurt the tub if
it's a well made tub but what it is
gonna do is it's gonna mean that your
cover doesn't seal on the top of the tub
properly you're gonna have edges that
are lower in edges that are higher and
that's just it's just highly inefficient
and all this has just been to
save you one five six hundred bucks I'm
putting a patio stone base down two or
three hundred if you're doing it
yourself I mean geez most most hot tub
comes we'll put a beast in for seven
hundred dollars so once you get past the
nonsense and you say to yourself okay I
do need a base for my hot tub well now
what do you care what's on the base of
the hot tub because you're gonna put two
inches of concrete you're gonna put
patio stones down once you've got a two
inch concrete base under your hot tub
all the bases are useless then because
it doesn't even matter now they're gonna
tell you all kinds of greases all your
base is gonna rot your see this this is
a 15 year old hot tub okay and this just
came out of a guy's house on a trading
now look at the base on that hot tub
there is no base the foam sitting right
there a little bit of pressure treated
timber around the edge that's it there
never was a base on that tub and it
looks like the day it was made on a 15
year old tub so how important is the
base of your hot tub in the really real
world it's not very important at all
unless you're an idiot and you put your
tub in a puddle or a low drainage area
or it's gonna be wet all the time none
of this stuff is gonna matter and don't
buy into the pitch that you can drop
your tub anywhere you can't it's stupid
advice designed to make it sound like
it's gonna be less expensive buying that
product and it's gonna be to buy a
competitor's product so my two cents
worth of bases what I would like on a
base is I'd like a polycarbonate sheet
you know not that expensive something
like what you're gonna get
now basically here so it's basically
just gonna be a heavy grade that's gonna
prevent anything from getting through
the bottom of the tub you're gonna set
that out at patio stone boy base it's
gonna stop moisture and you do not need
anything more than that every hot tub
brand out there almost without exception
will have an option for you to upgrade
the base you know through an ABS pan or
you know any different kind and some
guys have them as standard it's gonna be
their standard thing and they're gonna
make it a big sales pitch our tubs a
much better tub because it's got this
fancy useless base on it
don't buy into the hype base your hot
tub is a minor issue you really don't
care
Chris from hot certain University have a
great day