[Music]
hey what's happenin I'm Claudio and
today we're going to be picking up the
bathroom remodel process right where we
left off last time I'll be working on
several smaller projects like painting
installing the toilet pocket door and
trim as well as finishing the vanity
tops and get installed if you want to
see what I did stick around make it now
[Music]
now that the floor was done it was time
to start making the entire space look
better after patching any little nail
holes or imperfections in the wall and
then spraying the texture I applied the
first coat of paint I like to cut in
around the edges first and then come
back with the roller to hit the rest of
the area I didn't put down a drop cloth
over the tile I took my time and in the
event of a small drip it could be wiped
up equally this area behind the vanity
was the most satisfying to paint just
because of the drastic change
I had already wiped and cleaned the
walls before painting although I had
already painted the back of the closet
white about a year ago we chose to match
the color to the rest of the room so I
painted it again now that the space
behind the toilet was painted I could
install the toilet I placed the new wax
ring over the drain flange and smashed
it down with the toilet making a good
seal I could now tighten the base down
to the floor with the provided screws I
also added the matching caps to hide the
nut with the basic here I brought the
tank in and seeded it on the base making
sure the gasket between the two of the
line now I could tighten up the three
bolts from underneath I replace the
water hose with a brand new braided one
fitted to both ends once I turn the
water on if the tank filled up and the
inaugural flush went off without a
problem
next I turn my attention to replacing
all the trim that had been removed I put
the pieces in place and then tack them
up with inch and a quarter Brad nails I
purchased a new door and had to cut it
to size since the old door was the
perfect size already I laid it on top
and traced it out I use the circular saw
to make these cuts the jig saw made
quick work of cutting out the slot for
the pocket door I test fit the lash
before removing it for paint I sprayed
the door with a couple coats of paint
and it never failed well I got stuck in
the webbing
after fixing the fly problem and
attaching the sliders on the top I
brought them in door in and hung it on
the track I can now screw the pocket
door latch from both sides and with that
the door installation was done although
it would have been nice to finish the
bathroom completely before moving in the
closets again we were tired of the
temporary setup I moved in my wife's
cabinet and shimmed it to sit on the new
tile now we could reinstall the drawers
and the baskets above at some point down
the road I'll be remaking my side of the
closet as well as that a nice big shoe
rack in the corner but for now I threw
everything back together like it had
been before I was running behind
schedule in the bathroom so I didn't
have time to make my own countertop for
the vanity luckily IKEA sells some solid
hardwood tops for a reasonable price I
purchased one a little oversized and cut
it down I marked my line about a half
inch long and rough cut the top with the
circular saw now I mark the actual line
and then measured back the distance from
my router to right along the straight
edge I did this because the router bit
leaves a cleaner cut than the circular
saw I took a couple slow passes with the
router bringing the bit down after the
first pass I did the same thing on the
long side I first cut it with a circular
saw and then came back
rather to make a clean path to finish
the cut all the way down I swap to the
flush trim bit on the router to ride
along the already cut surface same as
before I took my time and slowly made
the path the short side hung out a
little farther than the lawn so I made a
rough pass just to remove the material I
know there's something wobbling through
is totally bent after fixing the problem
I finished the rough path and then the
clean finish path I had to find the
center where the sink we go it took a
couple measurements because I had to
account for the backsplash once I had
the measurements mark I cut out the
template that came with the think and
laid it on the top I made sure was
Center and then trace the outline with a
pencil I used a drill with a large bit
to make a hole right next to the line
now I could fit the jigsaw blade down
and cut out the hole I follow the line
pretty close but it didn't need to be
perfect this is how the sink would look
on the top I used a random orbit sander
and went through the two grids 120 and
220 it was already fairly smooth from
the factory wood isn't traditionally
used for vanity tops but we thought it
would look great I did some research and
turn to the boat industry for the
solution after removing all the dust
with some mineral spirits I mixed up
total boats penetrating epoxy sealer
this sealer gets way down into the wood
fibers while it's still liquid and then
solidifies once it dries and if it works
for a boat I have no doubt it's going to
work for the vanity tops they recommend
sending the sealer down with some
lacquer thinner for extra penetration I
mixed it for several minutes before
starting the application I put down a
few very light coats to make sure the
epoxy would dry and cure thoroughly I
let it sit a couple days between each
coat to make sure of that
once the coats of sealer were dry I
added three coats of Epiphanes
high-gloss clear varnish the whole
finishing process took a while but it
wasn't something I wanted to rush I
brought the new van database in which
again I didn't have time to build my own
so we purchased I also added the newly
finished top and backsplash
the vanity came with these little angle
brackets to attach the top I pre-drilled
the holes and drove in the screws I had
to notch out a hole in the shelf so the
p-trap could fit then I plugged in the
drain and connected the waterline I laid
down a thick bead of silicone around the
perimeter of the hole and placed the
sink down onto it making sure that
during connected down below I smashed
down the sink and then remove the excess
silicone I added some construction
adhesive to the bottom and back of the
backsplash and then put it in position
the tape measure was the perfect
thickness to hold it against the wall
wall it dried once the adhesive was dry
I had a thin bead of silicone to the
joint after adding some finishing
touches like the light switches and a
GFCI outlet this section of the build
was done
[Music]
well now we're getting super close to
finishing up the entire bathroom at this
point everything is functional - the
shower in the next video I'm going to
show you how I lay the cement shower pan
and make everything watertight if you
liked this video let me know about it in
the comments below and if you aren't a
subscriber already make sure to become
one so you won't miss any of my future
project to see what I'm currently up to
you can follow me on social media at
making our channel and if you want to
see it all my past projects and some
plans you can head over to my website at
make it noun TV thanks for watching I
will see you next time
[Music]