[Music]
that's an it the horn table stitch
English style for this tutorial you will
need a pair of knitting needles a cable
needle special thanks to our sponsor
webs for providing today's yarn today we
are using their Northampton yarn from
their Valley yarns line in the color
light gray for this stitch you'll need
to know the following techniques knit
purl cable 4 back cable 4 front this
cable stitch has worked over 16 stitches
on a reverse stockinette background
now since this cable has worked on a
reverse stockinette background I'm not
going to include that in the actual
instructions we're only going to be
covering the stitches that we will be
working for the cable panel Row 1 we're
going to begin by knitting four
then we're going to do a cable 4 back so
we'll take our cable needle we'll slip
the next 2 stitches off of our main
needle and we're going to hold them
behind our work that's the back part of
the cable for back then we'll knit the
next two stitches off of our main needle
and then we're going to knit the
stitches off of our cable needle next
we're going to do a cable 4 front so we
will again take our cable needle and
slip the next two stitches off of our
main needle and we will hold those in
front of our work then we'll knit two
off of our main needle and the other two
off of our cable needle
okay then we can put our cable needle
off to the side and we will finish up
our row by knitting for again
4:02 we're going to purl all stitches
row three we're going to begin by
knitting two we're going to take our
cable needle and we're going to do a
cable 4 back so we'll slip the next two
stitches off of our main needle onto our
cable needle and hold those behind our
work then we'll knit the next two
stitches off of our main needle then
we're going to knit the two stitches off
of our cable needle okay then we'll put
our cable needle off to the side for a
moment then we'll knit four
okay and then we're going to do a cable
4 front so we'll slip the next two
stitches off of our main needle hold
that in front of our work then we'll
knit two off of our main needle and then
two off of our cable needle okay hold
that off to side we're done with our
cable needle for now and we will finish
up the row by knitting two
alright 404 we're going to purl all
stitches row 5 we're going to begin by
doing a cable 4 back so we'll take our
cable needle slip the next two stitches
on off of our main needle onto our cable
needle and hold that behind our work
then we're going to knit the next two
stitches off of our main needle then
we'll knit these stitches off of our
cable needle set the cable needle off to
the side and we're going to knit eight
okay then we're gonna do a cable 4 front
so we'll take our cable needle slip the
next two stitches off of our main needle
hold that in front and then knit two
stitches off of our main needle and then
the two stitches off of our cable needle
row 6 we're going to purl all stitches
so repeat rows 1 through 6 until you've
reached your desired length and that's
how you knit the horn cable stitch what
more do stitch day check out our website
at least to today.com