[Music]
hi guys I wanted to share my dresser
with you I recently refinished it a lot
of you have probably seen the picture
that I posted on Instagram and Facebook
I received so many questions about
refinishing Furniture I am sorry I did
not record myself working on it because
on honestly I was just trying to get it
done um it did take a while but I had a
free Saturday and I was just working on
it and really didn't have time to set up
lighting and the tripod and all of that
and honestly I didn't think I was going
to get so many questions but I did
receive a lot of questions so I wanted
to show it to you and also give you any
tips that I have for refinishing
Furniture I'm definitely not an expert
but I do have some tips to share so I
think it turned out really nicely a lot
of you probably remember my old dresser
um it was in a lot of my videos at my
old house it was a wooden dresser and I
think this piece of furniture is
beautiful it's a really great quality
piece so I I knew I didn't have to go
get a new dresser so when you first
start out make sure you have a good
quality piece of furniture the second
thing that I would say is if you were
going to paint your piece of furniture a
color I would definitely get a paint
sample it isn't you know extremely
difficult to do but it does take time
and it would be horrible if you painted
the whole thing and then realized that
you didn't like the color so it's
definitely worth it to get a paint
sample and that way you can look at that
paint color and different lighting so in
the daytime and at night make sure that
you like the color I would especially
recommend this for anything gray or tan
because a lot of times they are
undertones um sometimes the gray has a
bluish undertone and if you want that
that's great but you just want to make
sure it's going to go with your other
things and it's exactly what you want
before you put all the work in the next
thing is Hardware
now I went ahead and removed the
hardware I definitely wanted to get new
hardware just to kind of update this
furniture what you need to do this is
really important before you throw away
your Hardware anything make sure you
measure in between the holes made for
the screws because the they aren't a
standard size so you would be amazed if
you went to Lowe's there are tons of
them that are like 2 and 3/4 in or 2 and
A4 or whatever I could only find these
handles or poles in this size these are
the only ones out of tons of them that I
looked at that would fit here and
thankfully they were the color metal
that I wanted and everything but
definitely make sure you measure and you
just want to measure in between the the
uh holes where the screws go so um you
can you know paint your Hardware if you
want to my thinking on that is because
I'm always touching it I thought that it
would probably wear off a little bit and
it might not look really nice I wanted
to update the hardware anyway but you
can paint it if you if you want to now
this is the best part one of the reasons
that I didn't get involved in
refinishing furniture too much is
because because I hated the idea of
having to sand it all and make sure it
was all smooth and everything what you
can use is a de glosser this is a de
glosser that I used and I got this at
Lowe's I'm sure they have it at any
hardware store but this is
awesome it's a liquid and all you have
to do is make sure you're in a well
ventilated area and make sure you wear
gloves and then you just apply this
with a rag and um just kind of rub it on
in a circular motion it says how to do
it on the bottle but this acts like
sanding it so it's going to remove the
sheen on your dresser or a piece of
furniture and I didn't sand my dresser
at all so that was great it makes it so
much easier and I actually got this tip
from a professional painter so I figured
it was safe
some of these tips might be pretty
obvious to you um I painted this out in
my garage so that I had plenty of room
because if your piece of furniture is
large and you're taking out drawers and
everything you want a lot of room so way
more room than just what the dresser is
going to take up you want room to prop
up your drawer so that you can paint
those um and let them dry I had my
drawers um with this part facing up so
that they could dry properly and nothing
that was painted was touching the ground
another thing you want to tape it really
well so that you aren't um getting you
know paint on the inside or whatever I
didn't paint the whole inside I didn't
really feel like that was necessary but
you just want to make sure you tape
along here so that you have a really
nice clean Edge that might be pretty
obvious but um just thought I would
mention it and then um really I just
made sure that I brush in all of this
area anywhere um that I couldn't get my
roller and you just want to make sure
that you look at it again and make sure
there are no drips of paint so if you
have any details like this you just want
to make sure that everything is brushed
out really well so that when it dries
it's going to look nice so after you
brush on the paint just make sure you go
over it before it dries then you're
going to want to make sure that it's
really dry before you you know put it
back on carpet or whatever it took a
couple days for mine to dry really well
and even still you can see that I don't
have my drawer shut all the way because
it does take a while for it to fully
cure and I don't want my drawers to
stick especially ones that I'm not
opening on a regular basis like my
bathing suit drawer or something I don't
want it to stick so I'm just going to
leave it open a little bit like this for
a while and that way it's going to dry
completely and you can see I don't have
anything really on my dresser I do have
a lamp here but I made sure that's where
I want to keep it but I'm just going to
make sure it's really dry and the paint
had the chance to cure before I place
things on it so I think those are all my
tips again I'm not an expert but really
it does take a while um I did put two
coats on um but it really isn't that
difficult so I encourage you to give it
a try um I hope my tips were helpful
thank you so much for watching