good morning everybody it's Monday ask
the chef day um okay today's question
comes from a family friend Max uh we'll
call her Max uh she says uh I saw your
comment about Stevia uh was a stevia
extract picture that I posted I grew
some this year but I found the
aftertaste awful like using old sucar
real do you have any tips around getting
around that Yes actually I do um for
those of you that read the blog um I did
try growing Stevia this year but then
you know my neglect basically went and
the stevia went downhill but I did plan
to uh experiment with some extract uh or
extracting the stuff so basically um I'm
going to post in the show notes Here uh
a link on making your own tinctures
right uh what I was planning to do is do
an alcohol SL uh sorry glycerin base uh
glycerin can be uh purchased I think at
Walmart small quantities and stuff like
that or you can purchase it in bulk uh
I'm not absolutely sure I'll have to
kind of find out where but uh the idea
is is uh you need to use fresh the fresh
leaves right you chop them up you put
them in a jar uh with your glycerin here
hold on uh so it's really hard to read
this page the one that I'm going to link
to because it's got a flowery background
man I hate websites like that but
anyways um yeah so basically here
glycerin you thin it out one to one with
water right and uh you do exactly the
same thing that you do uh yeah you do
two parts of fresh herbs to three parts
of the uh glycerin slw waterer mixture
you're going to chop up your your Stevia
leaves put it in a tight fitting jar um
fill it up right and uh Capers uh cap it
like really really tightly then you're
going to put it in your crock poot uh on
your keep warm setting if you don't have
a crock pot you can put it in the window
with sun uh you know and hope that it
doesn't rain I guess uh so anyways after
about 24 hours like every once in a
while you just got to go and kind of
shake it and all that after about 24
hours going to uh strain that through a
coffee filter now it might be a little
bit green it might be whatever um but at
that point you should not have any
issues with the with the bitterness
usually the bitterness comes from you
know uh when it is dried it's kind of
like a a dry Tea Leaf right um anyways
I've heard that that is going to be good
success uh with that method so anyways
Max give it a try uh you know where
we'll try it together this uh this
summer right and we'll see how it goes
so anyways I hope that answers your
question once again if you ever have a
question for the Well Done Chef you can
contact me on my ask the chef page uh
through to diabetes through my Facebook
page or my Twitter account when I
remember to log in anyways have a great
day and uh we'll see you later bye-bye