in this video I'm gonna teach you how to
clean rubber mats I'm gonna show you two
methods one if you have you know if you
have access to a water hose to be able
to rinse it off and then two if you
don't have access to a water hose you'll
just be using either a steamer which I
want but the alternative is using just
32 ounce bottles with a sprayer and just
filled up with water now some of the
tools you'll need is a all-purpose
cleaner a Positas in the choir this b101
opera's cleaner all you need I'll use a
metro a sidekick air blaster that way I
can blow off any standing water and the
net and speed up the drying process then
I use either a tire brush or this carpet
brush here whichever one and a long
printer brush like that but really just
any brush that has long bristles that
can get inside the wedges of the rubber
mat that's all that really counts the
actual brush here that I'm using not so
relevant as far as just getting a brush
that works on the rubber mats also you
need a 32 ounce bottle of water if
you're gonna go that route or a water
hose to rinse off the water all right so
it's rather straightforward all you
gonna do is miss miss down the rubber
mat with your opposition or whatever
solution you're using next you can take
your brush and agitate so I think didn't
need need to spray the mat down that
much because it wasn't that bad but
obviously if it was dirtier you would
spray down more to get more agitation
out of it now if you didn't have a host
to rinse this off you literally just
take your 32 ounce sprayer and literally
spray some of that water off spray some
of that solution on and then you can see
in the bottom here that it's dripping
onto the actual platform and I use this
method quite frequently where I'm not
going for a hundred percent of rinsing
but this is just to get some of the
solution and dirt off the mat and then
I'll use the air for the I'll use a UH a
towel to follow up there to um and there
I'm not going for a completely rinse I'm
just trying to get some of the water
down so then I'll get a towel and follow
it up and dry it off and then if you do
have something like this then I will use
it to blow off the standing water here
but if you don't have this option then
just keep on using the towel to
completely dry
the rubber man now if you do have access
to water like I do right now then you
literally just take it down with the
with the sidekick and then we'll just
put it to dry this is one of those tools
were I mean it's just it comes in so
handy and so on and solving like
uncommon areas and this is one of them
to blow it off it really just speeds up
the process of drying these mats now
that I've blown most of the water off
I'll still set it somewhere to tank and
saw the water if you keep on dripping on
and you'll just keep on repeating that
process with every single mask you'll
rinse it down you'll spray it down with
your solution okay and don't try to
spend too much time on that so yeah
honestly it shouldn't take you that long
cuz rubber blasted since thirty ten
point of view so you should fly by
cleaning match fairly quickly and there
you have it super straightforward
nothing complex this is just just
another additional thing you need to
know that's very simple to do whether
you have access to water or you don't
it's a it's nothing that's gonna give
you headaches now of course if it's a
really really old rubber mat and it's
tan and you know it's just brown and
ugly and just it's been you know ten
years since its cleaned it is it gonna
get a hundred and ten percent back to
brand-new looking absolutely not they're
still gonna be some permanent stains
that I just aren't gonna come out for
the nature of how long it's been so you
will make it look a lot better it's
gonna be completely new to like you know
absolute like new condition probably not
but it's a case by case scenario very
straightforward and don't worry if you
don't have forest air compressed air you
can just use a towel you can still hang
it and it's still dry and if you know
that the rubber mats are really bad
maybe you should plan on doing that in
the beginning of the detailing that way
you have plenty of time for those mats
to dry your still clean it
you'll still rinse it down with the 32
ounce great box tray bottle if you don't
have access to water you'll dry it with
a towel and you'll place it on a rubber
mat on a somewhere to hang it and then
once you're wrapping up the detail go to
the road mess again
take a look make sure there's no water
water um no water spots form and dried
up and if they did just hit a little bit
with some water let's watch some water
sand
PC wipe it down and then you'll be good
to go but just make sure you're planning
ahead of time if you don't have forced
air to make sure you're blind you're
drying everything off other than that go
ahead and like this video subscribe
leave a comment down below if you have
any other tips or strategies on how you
clean rubber mats I'd love to hear your
opinions I'll see you all the next one