[Music]
[Music]
per plant propagation progress gonna set
a nice little wintry mood here I only
like one week at a time because they
last longer
hey guys today I am doing a very
requested video do you guys have been
asking me and leaving me comments about
the prayer plant though I'm gonna do a
quick update on that to date I did a
video a while back where I where i
propagate prop propagated i beloved
prayer prayer prayer plants that is my
prized possession that's a little
propagation and you guys I've been
asking for updates on that so I'm going
to show you the progress on the mother
prayer plant that I took the babies from
and also how the babies are doing though
that's just dark bells please so I
almost got so distracted he needs that I
didn't film this video these are
dangerous if you have a Costco near you
just go get the big bag your non-gmo
corn pop tips not sponsored just a
really good snack things are like if you
like peanut butter Captain Crunch as a
kid things these bees why does wrong
them to my speech every time these
things are made with like just non-gmo
visit non-gmo corn they're gluten free
they're made with peanut butter peanut
flour peanut powder and corn and that's
it and they're so good all I have left
and we bought the bags two days ago
second bag all right plants this is this
is my prayer plant obviously this is my
mother prayer plant that I took the
clippings from and it is doing just as
good as ever I mean I don't have
anything to complain about look amazing
I do have some like browning on some
I had a couple little ones that didn't
make it back here but a couple browning
on the tips but that's probably just
from times when I didn't get to watering
it fast enough but it has recovered
perfectly from the propagation and is
just it's still growing you guys it's
just got new leaves like every day new
leaf here it just spit out some new
leaves this plant is just insane it's
crazy crazy the plant I'm scared to even
actually put it on the table because uh
where I keep it normally is on a at the
top of a bookshelf or no it's not top of
the shelf kind of like hanging off the
corner though I don't actually really
feel comfortable having it on the table
flat so I'm gonna just this is the first
cutting that I planted from my
propagation is that way and I actually
have another new leaf coming out here I
think when I planted this originally
when I took the cutting these were the
only two leaves on the plant and so I
think these four plus this one have all
grown since I've planted it pretty much
or since it was cut off from the mother
plant this one is the one that got
chewed on a little bit by macaque Travis
doesn't seem fazed by it when it gets a
few more leaves on it I'll probably end
up cutting that leaf off just so it
looks nice and pretty looks amazing and
thinking back I believe I actually ended
up winning this plant in water to
propagate I'll have to look back I think
I did an update video before when I was
talking about how it just wasn't doing
as well in the soil as the other ones
that were growing roots and water so I
threw it in water I'm pretty short and
then planted it I will correct myself if
I am wrong on that I think I did water
propagation with pretty much all of
these and
this one I planted after it had decent
roots which I'll show you on the next
one
this is some more of a cuttings that
I've been a little sloppy and lazy with
if I'm being honest there have been a
number of times that these cuttings have
dried out the water has just gotten too
low because I was so busy and I didn't
see that the water evaporated that much
and so they've been on the struggle bus
the whole time they've been in water
pretty much but they are making it so
yeah this one is doing a lot better and
this is actually all this is actually
all new growth that showed up in the
little water propagation jar you can see
it's got nice roots looks healthy
I think there's new leaves starting to
grow out of the top this one hasn't
really grown anything new besides like
the stuff that's growing in water but
getting good roots so I'll probably go
ahead and plant this soon not really
sure how I'm going to plant it I think
I'm unfortunately gonna have to put
these leaves under the soil just because
of where these roots are growing out but
we'll see when I get to that this one is
not doing as well still has some roots
but the leaf actually just died like the
other day so I'm gonna keep it in water
see if it keeps growing roots maybe I
will plant it and see what happens but I
may just toss this aside and cut a new
one because I think I have plenty at
this point so I will show you guys some
close-ups of those plants in a moment
and that's pretty much all I have for
today
prayer plant propagation progress so I
guess if you guys have any comments
questions feedback all that stuff feel
free to leave it in the comments below
you can find me on instagram at simple
care stuff or my website simple care
products com I got my blog for recipes
and wellness tips please remember to
like this video and subscribe remember
to turn on notifications so that you
actually get updates when I post new
video
and that's it I'll see you guys next
time thanks so much for watching and
have a wonderful rest of your day the
best candle ever I'm not here to like
push bath and Bodyworks because you know
no comment but made with essential oils
it's not not bad
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]