hey everyone so this is going to be a
tutorial on how to UM color air dry clay
using some paint and I don't know if it
works for all the air dry clay but it
works for mine so yeah I'm going to make
the color purple but you can make any
color you want and I just tested it out
on this piece of clay because it used to
be white and I added pink because I was
bored and I just want to try it like so
yeah let's get started so first of
course you want a ball of clay then you
want to push your finger into it so it
makes a little kind of area where you
can put some paint in and you can put as
much painting as you want
I just put a little bit let's see if I
can get this out first
this might take some time okay since I
had some technical difficulties with the
blue I just like took some time but hey
wait next you want to squeeze and
stretch and if you're like really
cleaning might wanna put it and one of
those um what do you call it um plastic
things or plastic ziplock bags but I'm
just going to do this with my bare hands
and I believe pink and blue makes purple
so yeah let me now back to the mixing
room so yeah I'm basically done mixing
you want to mixed all it has a solid
color unless you actually want it to
have like small streaks in the a so I
hope you guys had fun making this um
yeah okay bye