firstly ensure all your edges are smooth
clean and as dust free as possible it's
very important that all the edges are
very well sealed to ensure the longest
lasting result you should seal every raw
edge with a double coat or good-quality
exterior grade varnish or a good damp
proofing seal use a dabbing motion to
ensure the sealant goes in between the
wood fibers and there is adequate
penetration
once the worktop is properly installed
the join between the wall and the
worktop itself will need to be sealed
too on the top only with silicon now
let's talk about the exposed edges that
face outwards the free edging strip that
is supplied with your Formica live seal
worktop will give these edges a
perfectly finished and professional look
firstly cut and shape the strip to the
exact length and shape of your work top
but before you apply the edging strip
remember to seal the edge why is the
seal coat is dry apply contact adhesive
evenly to the edge of your now sealed
worked up and the backside of the edging
strip
give it a little time to dry as per the
instructions on your contact adhesive
next carefully apply the strip to the
edge of the worktop with a firm pressure
clean away any excess contact adhesive
and once it's dry file the edge clean
let's take a look at another edge now
where two ends of the worked up but
together in a corner join the curved
post formed edge is already sealed by
the lemons of course so only the raw cut
edge of the second length of worked up
needs to be sealed as described
previously
once the seal coat is dry screw a
suitable tea joiner cut to the
appropriate length into place we'll see
exactly how to place and join these two
lengths together later
lastly let's talk internal edges cut
outs for sinks Hobbs taps or waist units
like every other edge the inner surfaces
of the cut areas must be sealed as shown
previously
if your cutout is going to be used for a
stovetop you can also cover the
varnished exposed edges with aluminium
tape for added protection against heat
you