hey everyone this is a quick video on
the big issue of Cheesecake cracking um
I've made a lot of cheesecakes over the
last couple years and it always tastes
really good but there's something about
the way that it aesthetically looks and
when there's this big fat crack across
the middle it just drives me crazy um I
know you can cover it with some topping
or or something like that but when you
go to Cheesecake Factory and you look
look in that refrigerator and you see
these silk smooth cheesecakes I was just
wondered how do they do that so I've
done some experiments recently I've done
some research and I found some solutions
so there four big reasons as to why the
um the cheesecake might crack and so I'm
going to give you some just some quick
tips on what you can do to avoid that um
I think that they're all just as equally
important to use together uh I don't
think one is more important than the
other so the order that I'm going to
address them in doesn't make a
difference but I highly recommend paying
close attention to all four because if
you don't I think you're you might end
up with a cracked cheesecake so the
first one is the amount of air that is
in your batter um air is going to lead
to your cheesecake cracking as the
inside dries out it's going to make the
air uh want to escape somewhere and it's
going to go through the top so the
number one source of air that's going to
go into your cheesecake patter is from
the eggs so it's very important that
when you put the eggs into the batter
it's it's at least for for the recipes I
followed it's the last thing that you do
the cream cheese the sugar the vanilla
the sour cream you can use a hand mixer
or if you have one of the fancy mixers
you can use the elect electric one for
all of that but once you get to the
point of adding the eggs the the batter
is smooth enough where you can easily
turn them in by hand so I just used a
plastic spatula and I I wouldn't even
call it beating it was more like I
slowly turned them in broke the yolks
just to the point where it was mixed and
stopped
because if you start beating the batter
really fast then the egg is going to
bring air into the batter and your
cheesecake is going to crack so that's
step number one softly turn in the eggs
don't over mix the batter number
two um the cake bath method I don't know
if you've heard of it before uh there's
a lot of talk about it out there the
first time I tried it W's tonight and it
seemed to work quite well the whole idea
is you take a larger pan like a chafing
dish like this and you place your spring
form into it with your cheesecake with
your crust and your cheesecake already
placed into the spring form ready to go
into the oven you put that into the
chafing dish put the chafing dish into
the oven and then you add some water to
the bottom of it um I boiled the water
so that it was already at a warm
temperature close to what the oven would
be would be um and I put the boiling
water into the chafing dish and so what
you
do I'm sorry I skipped a step um in
order to avoid the cheesecake getting
ruined from the water you want to put
foil around the spring form first okay
then you're going to create a little
seal there a block then put your uh your
cheesecake into the chafing dish once
your cheesecake's there with the foil
around the spring form then you can pour
the water it's going to be protected but
what it's going to do is it's going to
create more moisture both within the
oven itself and inside the cheesecake as
it Cooks so that's going to help you to
get a moist cheesecake without any
cracks at the top number three I'm
trying to keep this video short guys I
know I'm going fast number three is um
greasing the edges and the bottom of the
spring form pan it's for a lot of people
given to grease anything that you're
going to bake for me I've never greased
the the cheesecake uh spring form before
because the the uh crust itself has so
much butter in it that I know it's not
going to stick um but the problem is is
the sides it doesn't stick badly but it
sticks enough that when the cheesecake
is baking it expands and then as it
starts to cool it's going to shrink now
if you haven't greased the sides of the
spring form then as it shrinks the sides
are going to stick to the spring form
but the center is going to continue to
sink and then it's going to create a
crack in the middle of your cheesecake
and not look too good so Grease the
sides it'll also help you to be able to
just um remove it very remove remove the
spring form very easily um before I even
ran a knife around the edges the
cheesecake almost came off the sides
completely on its own so I really just
barely had to break just a little bit
and it looks very clean as you'll see
will'll see um in the video there uh
number three uh that was number three
number four is cool the cheesecake very
slowly a drastic change in temperature
is the final um element that will create
a crack in the cheesecake so in order to
cool as slowly as possible there's a
couple of things that you can do
certainly don't take it from the oven
straight to the fridge that's the last
thing that you want to do um I've heard
for some people bake at a lower
temperature I haven't tried this yet but
bake at a lower temperature and then
turn the oven off and as the oven cools
let the cheesecake cool in the oven then
bring it out to the countertop then once
it's at room temperature put it in the
refrigerator so when I have like 18
hours to make a cheesecake then I'll
definitely try that but for now I
haven't tested that method um but at
least what you can do is take you know
maybe open the oven door let it let it
cool a little bit there uh for 10 or 15
minutes or 20 minutes then take your
cheesecake bath out of the oven put it
on top of the oven where it's still
pretty warm and let it slowly cool down
there I think I left one of the
cheesecakes in there for about a half
hour 45 minutes um in the still in the
bath without removing it um and then
finally remove it from the bath put it
on the stove top at that point you can
remove the foil maybe wipe some of the
grease off the bottom of the pan let it
cool to room temperature and then put it
in the refrigerator overnight um be
careful when you go to remove it from
the Cheesecake bath because I think one
of my main problems um with the cracking
the other cheesecake in the second
cheesecake that I did was removing it
too soon I think that caused a drastic
change of temperature which thus cracked
it the first one that I did which you'll
see here in the video um you can see
that there's a there is a crack there
but it's not
really um from anything other than my
knife being I put my knife in the middle
of there to test the cheesecake but
that's all around the sides it came off
clear as you can see because of the
grease but in the middle there that
crack is only from the knife there's no
other cracks in the center of the
cheesecake now if you go to the second
video uh or the second cheesecake here
you'll see that there is one crack from
the knife that's smaller and looks not
too bad but the big crack in the
middle the bigger one rather I've had
bigger cracks before this the bigger
crack is happened on its own I didn't do
that so I think that happened because I
took the cheesecake out of the um bath
too early so there's a couple of tips I
know that this video I was hoping I
could do this in 3 minutes but four key
elements that you have have to consider
when you're um making your cheesecake if
you're trying to avoid the cracking and
they're all really important so I wanted
to give a detailed explanation if you
have any questions feel free to comment
below I'll be happy to answer them um
and we'll do another video another time
have fun