hey what's up everybody jumping here and
today I'm actually going to be showing
you my ultimate siren build now I'm
doing a let's play of the new DLC tiny
teen is assault on Dragon's keep and in
those videos I'm using my siren so I
decided let me go ahead and make a video
with my build before people start asking
me hey jumping you should show the build
that you use in those videos here you go
now you should definitely go check out
the let's play of that DLC because for
one it's funny as hell and for two the
DLC is great so it's really good now
anyway let's go ahead and get started
with this so this is going to we're
going to start with cataclysm one of my
favorite trees that she gets I mean she
gets so many good skills and the siren
is probably considered to be the best in
the game or one of the best in the game
really depends on who you ask but yeah
she's really good now this is an
offensive version of a build so that's
the way I like to play with her if you
like to be a medic and and you know heal
people and all that by all means you
should do that but for me personally I
like to play offensively and just
dominate everyone and there's a lot of
benefits to it as well if you watch the
Let's Play You'll kind of see like what
I can do to help the team but anyway
let's go ahead and get started so the
first thing you might be wondering is
flicker why no points into flicker now
if you really wanted to I would say you
could probably put one point into this
but there's a problem you have to
understand how this actually works and
this goes for any skill like this
Elemental chance skill now it says that
if I wanted to put a point into this I
can get
36% more likely chance to cause
Elemental effects with guns now that
sounds awesome right but it's really
just confusing a good example of this is
let's take a look at the social [ __ ]
now there's an 11% chance pretty much to
inite an enemy on fire so that 36% would
actually go into that 11% meaning that
the actual increase is so minor that you
really wouldn't even notice a difference
now if you're talking about something
like a rocket launcher 50% or a sniper
rifle which is 50% then yeah I mean if
you want to max out flicker that would
help these kind of guns because I think
it goes up to like 70% 70% into 50% is
like you know a good increase but with
normal guns like with 12% 133% 11%
you're not going to see a difference and
that also goes with your badass rank I
wish I can go back in time and never
ever pick Elemental effect chance
because it is kind of a waste once you
understand how it really works so keep
that in mind guys um it's very important
so I don't go for any points into this
just because of that one reason
now moving over to
foresight it gets the benefit of the
legendary class mod it gives me magazine
size and reload speed so I Max that out
Helios I like it because when you phas
lock an enemy they explode with fire so
I put five points into that Five Points
into this because this is actually
really good A lot of people don't go for
this but when you go down and Fight for
Your Life your bullets will do 50%
damage of fire I don't really how to
explain it but believe me the amount of
damage or extra damage that you can
actually do when you go down is insane
so you should actually definitely go for
this I go one point to Cloud kill this
just really good asset extra damage all
that and I go four points into Backdraft
now I'm not a big fan of this to be
quite honest it's kind of like a Nova
Shield so I mean it's really up to you
the problem with me is that I use the
unkempt Herold on this build I don't
have the sand hwk I don't even have the
DC to get the sand hwk if I had the sand
hwk I would probably go for chain
reaction now I'm pretty confident that
with this the uncapped Herald for
example doesn't get the benefit so if
that's the only gun I'm really using 90%
of the time I really don't see the point
to go for this but then again if you
have a sand hwk or if you don't use like
the Herold yeah this is actually pretty
good problem with Backdraft is that you
kind of need to be close range obviously
melee attacks which on Ultimate volt
Hunter mode they really you don't want
to be meleeing all that much outside of
a
psycho and the whole Nova Shield thing
it's just not that powerful to be quite
honest moving down to reaper now Reaper
is amazing basically the way it works is
that you get 40% more gun damage for any
enemies who have 50% of their health
remaining so I mean that's just really
good this will always benefit you
um it benefits you so much all the time
so it's a really good skill moving down
to blight Phoenix now I don't go any
points into this reason for that is
because I really don't see the point the
problem I have with blight Phoenix is
that once again I need to be super close
range same with Backdraft the difference
is that with Backdraft if something
comes up and melees me and let's say I
lose my Shields and then I do a Nova
explosion that's pretty good on hly with
this I have to constantly get close to
the enemies if I want the effect which
with a siren with pretty low health I
don't want to get close I want to kind
of stay a little bit further back and do
damage and all that kind of good stuff
so keep that in mind that's the reason
why I do not recommend blight Phoenix
although it is really good it's really
good on true volt Hunter mode it's
really good on uh playr one but on
Ultimate Vault Hunter mode I am just not
a fan of it the the final one is ruin
really amazing I mean when you phas lock
something you slag them you electrocute
them you uh set them on fire with acid
or whatever it is just really good the
slag is the most important one though
and that's kind of the idea of this
build and it really helps your teammates
when you are able to slag every enemy
and I'm when I say every enemy I mean
every enemy with just this one siren so
everyone doesn't really have to worry
about slag because of what I'm doing now
for the middle tree I go one point into
mine's eye it's really great I mean I
love this skill in general but I only
put one point because of the class mod
gives me critical hit damage and melee
damage don't really care about the melee
damage but the critical hit damage is
amazing and I put three points into
sweet release which I'm sure some people
are going to be like I don't really want
to do that and if you don't want to do
this by all means put it into mine's eye
but to me I like it because this will
help me get my health back if I'm
playing by myself and this will also
help my teammates out if they need some
health back because every I mean believe
me I kill so many enemies in phase lock
that's kind of the point of the build is
that either I'm going to kill the
enemies in phas lock or my teammates are
going to kill enemies in phas Lock and
every time we do that we're going to get
these orbs that's going to give us
Health back so that's kind of the idea
here moving over to to this tree motion
tree I really like this tree if you
can't tell Ward is amazing Shield
capacity and the recharge delay minus
80% amazing accelerate I really like
accelerate gun damage and bullet speed
now the gun damage is always good but
the bullet speed is amazing and I really
like it for the heral for example
because it really does help when you're
using a gun like that moving down to
suspension just gives you phase lock
duration very important the longer
they're phase lock the better chance
you're going to have killing them next
Up's coverge this is great it's kind of
like a singularity effect it sucks them
in and when you suck them in and you
have ruin here guess what everything in
that area is going to get slagged so
that's pretty much the idea quick in it
just gives you phas lock coold down 30%
very good so definitely go Five Points
into this and then the final one is
subsequence now this is crazy good
especially when you B it would ruin
basically every time I phas lock
something if I can kill it that phas
lock is going to go and seek out a new
Target so what that means is this if I
kill an enemy and it slags well
basically if I phas lock an enemy it's
going to slag all the enemies and suck
them in if I kill the enemy or if my
teammates kill the enemy that phase lock
is going to go and find a new Target
which will probably slag a whole another
group of enemies so basically this is
what allows me me to slag everything on
the battlefield and it is really really
good so definitely love that skill all
right so that's pretty much the actual
skills and all that kind of goodness now
the guns now I don't have a lot of DLCs
in this game so I use like a white def
um sniper rifle very good sit back shoot
him in the face I don't really use the
social [ __ ] I just had this equipped to
kind of show you what I was talking
about with flicker but generally I would
recommend using something like the Ruby
or there's a new gun that came out in
the DLC that's amazing and it's pretty
much a ruby on crack so keep that in
mind uh if you can get that gun use that
gun if not use some type of Ruby only
just because that is how you're going to
be able to get your health back easily I
used the double penetrating unkempt hail
this is my main gun just because I don't
have the sand hok if I had the sand HW
more than likely I would use the sand
hwk so that's just the way it goes then
I use some type of North Fleet right now
I have a slag North Fleet on sometimes
I'll use a fire nort Fleet it doesn't
really matter which nort Fleet you use
the point of this is just to get
yourself up if you go down you simply
just pull out your North Fleet and you
shoot and you get up so pretty easy now
I use um honestly I'm I have the Sham on
right now but I also do use the be at
times to be honest and I mean you kind
of feel like a cheap ass if you're using
the B but yeah with the siren it's so
easy to actually use this Shield because
of all the massive re uh the recharge
delay I mean you
literally you will always have your
Shield coming back and with the B that's
amazing obviously because you'll get it
back really quick and then you'll shoot
the enemies and they'll die and they'll
die and they'll die and when you phase
lock them you actually deagro them not
only only does the phas lock enemy stop
shooting you obviously but if everything
gets sucked in then they'll actually be
deagro and not attack you anymore so it
gives you a better chance with the be to
get the effect and all that nice stuff
so like I said the be the Sham those are
the two Shields I would probably
recommend the most homing Stormfront I
use a whole bunch of grenades the fireb
storm front it really doesn't matter
which kind of grenade you really want to
use so just keep that in mind
legendary class mod it's amazing
definitely use the legendary class mod
and finally the sheriff's badge I use it
because I use the heral so much now if I
wasn't using the heral I would probably
use a blood of the Ancients probably one
with like let's say um shock damage
because if I had a sand HW I would
probably use an electrical sand hwk and
that would give me shock damage and also
um Power cool down so I mean that's
really really good power cool down shock
damage and an electrical sandhawk is a
great combination but like I said if you
are going to use a heral and you don't
have the DLCs the sher's badge is your
best way to go all right guys so this is
going to be some gameplay with my
ultimate
siren and pretty much the way you want
to play with it is you phase lock and
shoot it's a very simple concept but
what's great about it is just well it's
amazing offensively subsequence is just
so awesome and when you combine that
with ruin you can you're talking about
some ultimate slag potential I mean
every time it goes and it phase locks an
enemy I think it takes about one second
or a half of second to actually slag
them cuz sometimes it might not slag
them if it's like literally if it picks
them up for like not even half of a
second but generally you will slag that
enemy and any enemy in the radius of it
and because of like converge and all
that yes like right there you just seen
that um it will suck them in and slag
them now one thing I love about this
build is all the deagro potential now if
you don't know what deagro means it
means that you're able to make enemies
not aggressive towards you now obviously
with phas loock that's 100% Diago the
enemy cannot attack you he cannot move
all that nice stuff but coverge is
really good too about that and here's a
good example like there's there been
times when I'm playing with like uh some
teammates or some friends and let's say
an ultimate badass psycho was about to
melee them now they would have probably
died if he got that melee off but
because I face locked another enemy that
was somewhat close he converged into the
face lock basically meaning that he got
sucked in and it's just funny cuz like
I've I've heard my teammates going oh my
God your face lock just saved my life
like because they would have died if
they would have been meleed but but that
suck in effect that single area effect
just will save you so much so it's
really good like you know a great
example of this is that if there's a
group of four or five enemies and I face
lock one of them they'll all be sucked
in for about so basically for about two
seconds cuz I believe it takes anywhere
from two to 3 seconds for the enemies to
recover from um cge they will not attack
me so that is amazing another thing I
really like about using the herald here
like the heral is my favorite gun like I
said if I had the sand hwk I would maybe
consider using that but the heral is
really good with this build just because
what you can do with coverge all the
enemies are going to be like pretty much
clustered together and when you're using
something like the herald which is
almost like a shotgun because the
bullets come out horizontal like yeah
you will hit almost every one of those
enemies with some shots and because
they're all slagged you can potentially
Just Kill Them All and of course if you
really want to just be crazy you can
phas lock suck them all in shoot a nort
fleet into the middle of all of them and
they'll probably all die so it's really
good same With Grenades you can pretty
much uh phas lock suck them all in throw
a grenade and they'll all die so there's
a lot of great things you can do with
this offensive build now if you're a
person and you like to play as a medic
this is not the build for you but my
friend doodle but he uses a siren medic
build a level 61 and I came up with that
build as well for him so if you really
want me to I am willing to post another
ultimate siren build for a medic build
your teammate healing raising up all
that good stuff if you really want to
see something like that so let me know
in the comments below if you want to see
that but yeah so like I said this build
is a lot of fun it does help your team a
lot because you are able to slag
everything which is always good and yeah
you deagro enemies you you set
everything on fire you corote them you
electrocute them it just does some
really amazing stuff but besides that
honestly you should like this video for
me and also favored it subscribe if you
haven't and you should actually check
out my let's play Tiny Tina's Assault on
Dragon's keep it's really funny and the
de DC is great I hope you guys have a
nice day and peace