hello everybody welcome back more years
spending in click decorating business
you will have more stories to tell cake
stories to tell
including the disaster cake stories when
you're talking about disasters it's not
only one there is so many different ones
its caliber in the kitchen but also
mainly happening during delivery what
are they in fact to the cake the road is
not right okay for example the driver is
drive like crazy is too fast and too
slow of sudden changes and then there's
some of the jump in front of the car and
you have to break the cake doesn't have
a seatbelt
although since problem but today I would
like to talk about only the temperature
problem and how to make sure that the
cake arrives to the destination in the
right condition like you put it in the
box every time a problem happened we
start thinking and then make sure that
this is not happen again and we come up
with different ideas so I'm sure
everyone has a kind of solution for that
temperature problem I have also on and
I'd like to share with you today the
first thing to do we have to fold the
Box properly and secure the Box properly
with the sticky tape make sure they cake
doesn't drop on the floor after you lift
up so I need some height here
be generous in this site make sure it
touch 20-centimeter here alright and and
also to seal the air inside the cold air
does not escape quickly I will also
secure the sides and that mixed also box
specially at the bottom side very strong
that's it so now we have to secure the
other side okay do the same thing on the
side
okay and the other side all right now
you probably think I forgot to put the
cake inside but you're wrong because I'm
gonna cut a nice lid out of this box to
find out where to cut the lid I have to
bring my cake on the side of the box I
like to use my example cake and the
fondant scenery cake as the winter team
this cake is here been done about about
a few months ago and you have a tutorial
for this if you want to know in the nsv
calm so just go up about 10 centimeter
go straight and then mark the box that
distance is good when the lip comes down
the other flaps inside is not going to
be sort of touching to the cake let's
remove the cake from here so we have
some more space and then the next thing
is take the box put it on this side and
they come at the side of the table and
make sure that the box is straight in
front of you and you put your blade here
and then it is not difficult to go very
straight down just like this and then
pass through the edge and then when you
turn like this you will have also the
indication where to start go down if I
met where I started I'm pretty good with
estimations and see how good will happen
okay
so then come back here and meet with the
same corner I was about one centimeter
wrong but it's good it is already good
enough so remove that lid alright so
that is the box and that's the lid I
don't want to have this lid so big so
I'm going to reduce a little bit
ten centimeter flaps is already good
enough you see when you put the Box side
way like this it's pretty easy to cut
all right that's it we are ready now if
I take the cake and try to put it over
here it will be completely uncomfortable
and very dangerous so you have to put
the box somewhere down which you can
reach from top down I use most of the
time milk crate or some sort of like
coffee table or something when you put
in the cake we make sure that the some
sort of positioning the cake is very
important I like to put like this
because I need those corners so that's
why I place it like that now next thing
is I like to secure the cake it doesn't
move around like this so I have a very
simple solution for that my solution is
just using styrofoam blocks glowing with
the hot glue gun and some time I use
also just the corrugated offcuts cut
board it will be always strong enough
alright so let's do it three of the
surfer one cut part
I'm putting hot glue gun inside the box
not on the seven blocks because if I do
that it will be just melting in no time
all right
only here some okay and then here also
again some and here also so so I'm gonna
leave the other side for the cut part
and then now you go back to the first
one because this one already cooled down
a little bit
alright put this one here this one day
attached to the book and this one in
there
all right and this part I can use my hot
glue gun here that's it sorry more than
enough and then place this one over here
that's already secure right so the cake
cannot move any more at all
I'm telling you the cut part also
because you may not have the styrofoam
blocks and so this is completely ok this
is already strong it's a bit wobbly here
but it doesn't matter it will just
strong enough to hold it if you don't
have out Kalugin which you must have
because everywhere is available you can
also use double sided tape but you make
sure that you choose the strong and
quality one because some of the
double-sided tapes are just comes off in
no time if I'm looking for a cold
objects inside the box I can go and get
the dry ice all right but do I have
every time dried ice ready because if I
buy the rise earlier it will just
disappear it and I have to go and get
the game every time I have to travel and
if I use a kind of like a special
tablets that which comes from the
supermarket or from from special
suppliers I have to provide that all the
time it costs money I don't use all
those things I use only one point two
five litre bottles which comes in empty
coke bottles or soda water anything
sprite or anything so I have them always
in my fridge at least six of them filled
with water and frozen just ready to grab
that cost nothing if I take this bottles
put in a box like this it will be so
much condensation it will be so much
water inside the box even just the
bottom of the box will be wet even the
cake will be in danger to avoid the
condensation problem I wrap this what
was around the newspaper today I don't
have newspaper and I just used the
flipchart paper it's exact the same
quality it's absorbed the water so don't
use silicon baking sheet because it will
not absorb any water the water will flow
right away down in the box all right
just make it like this and wrap it like
that all right
and use a little bit of sticky tape make
sure that it's not everything flapping
around
sir and then at the bottom I saw this
top sticky tape
just secure it like this III so I have
to do one more so next step is to
putting placing these bottles inside the
box one after another and then make sure
that you have some wires stand by
so I have to kind of wires over here
because I just have them available and
just the green sort of like your wires
that you can call this like a gardening
wire so because my wife is using that
for it's for gardening and this one is
my flower flower wires which is softer
and longer so let me use this one that's
already strong enough when you enter in
the box you make sure you're not
touching anything you just make check
the place is it good enough or not so
just take it out don't place it right
away and then you place your wire first
so the bottle is here I'm going to go
somewhere a bit more more than half on
the top so practice one ear first
of course easily in all right and then
go out from the similar area from here
up that's it my price is ready now to
put the bottle inside all right once I
place in my bottle here I can hold the
bottle and doesn't fall on the cake
right from the outside the box okay now
all what you have to do is pull this
wire and then secure this one like that
alright of course you can use some
snapper or tie or something you can snap
this off so it doesn't hurt anybody or
just leave it like this now this is done
one side I'm going to turn the box
around and do the other one make sure
that you using the opposite size the
weight is balanced if your wire 210 you
can talk with the
stronger wire first okay and then poke
on the other side too
all right then you can use softer wire
here nears out balance it halfway
through make some space
place your bottle in slowly and
carefully and then pull this pot wire
nice and strong so that you have your
bottle is really secure is nothing can
move that and rester that or you can
just snap it off all right now I like to
prove to you that what we doing over
here makes a big difference all right I
have here my infrared thermometer so I
just slicing inside and then check in
the temperature in there okay what I see
over here twenty two point eight twenty
two twenty two point nine degrees all
right now I like to place my lid on the
box and then leave this cake like this
about 15 minutes and I'll get back to
you and then show you the new
temperature inside we know that this lid
comes from the same box exact the same
size the death should believe is smaller
so I'm just going to bend this one
slightly inside the corner like that
then it will be easier to go in first
this way then this one sits then comes
this plate push a little bit it goes it
so because the lid and the box exactly
same size it fits really tight now we're
gonna wait about 15 minutes and then
open the box and I'll show you with this
the weather is cooler inside okay 15
minutes is pass
let's open up and check how many there
goes inside whoo I can feel it already
cold air comes out all right so I'm just
checking up here 19 degrees on the cake
and then close to the the bottle about
15 degrees
I have already enough coolness inside
box to deliver this cake and the next
two hours at least in the summer months
so that will bring you a very long
distance don't forget there is another
tool space inside to put another two
bottle even make it cooler that is all
for today guys that was my instant
fridge for cake deliveries and thank you
so much for your time and don't forget
to subscribe
I'll be back every Tuesday with new tips
and tricks god bless you all until to
the next one
you
[Music]