hi guys today I'm gonna show you how to
remove that this one this is blue
sticker
it's the glue so I put the range X
nothing working
I went to the garage the guy can
actually clean this one so I'm going to
show you how to solution okay so you
have to use this one this is the nail
polish remover so this is the best one
so we're gonna try now okay I'm gonna
use this liquid we're gonna put in the
my power so this is the tower I put in
here right so we're gonna get one like
this get a bit hot and hopefully it's
gonna work
this you see
now almost clean
I put the sticker here before something
like bend it like this that's why ok
still a little bit left I'm going to put
more more of this
[Music]
and hopefully these work there you go
okay almost
oh I think that's it
yeah this is good data you see no it is
a brand new thank you guys I hope you
liked it and please subscribe and you
like my channel ok thank you