the soft drink was born at the drugstore
soda fountain where pharmacists would
serve up various flavors of carbonated
water initially considered a medicinal
drink these sodas became so popular that
customers wanted to be able to buy them
in bottles to take home that demand
spawn the soft drink
industry in 2003 almost 195 billion L of
soft drinks were sold around the world
that's 30 L for every person on Earth
these 2 L plastic bottles have just
arrived from the bottle Factory even
though they're brand new bottles the sof
ring plant still has to clean them
before filling them this rinsing machine
turns the bottles upside down then
flushes them with water the plant
filters on
site once the water drains out the
machine turns the bottles right side up
again and they make their way to The
Filling
Station meanwhile in the mixing room
technicians prepare whatever softening
they'll be bottling in this production
run each recipe begins with filtered
water it makes up 86% of the drink the
rest is syrup each syrup recipe is a
combination of carefully measured
ingredients natural and artificial
coloring and flavoring and one or more
of various types of sugar such as
glucose or fructose extracted from beets
corn or
cane this machine releases the right
proportion of syrup to filtered water
creating the final soft drink minus the
bubbles the drink now travels to a
pressurized tank called the carbonator
there an injection of carbon dioxide
infuses the drink with gas
bubbles the carbonated soft drink now
travels to the reservoir of the bottling
machine the bottles arrive and travel
its car cell the machine removes the air
in each bottle and fills it with in this
case 2 L of
[Music]
cola now on to the capping machine the
caps come down a chute propelled by
filtered air the machine twists a cap on
the part of the bottle called the crimp
intertwining the threads of the cap and
crimp tightly to hermetically seal the
[Music]
bottle next stop labeling the machine's
roller applies cold glue to one metal
plate after another each plate then
grabs a label and applies it to a bottle
[Music]
brushes smooth edges down ensuring the
labels adhere
[Music]
well elsewhere in the plant a machine
called the UNC caser unloads cases of
refillable glass bottles that have come
back to the factory the cases continue
toward a case washing machine the dirty
bottles head toward the bottle washing
machine where devices called cells line
them up in rows of 16 each bottle tilts
and enters the washer neck first inside
a combination of powerful water jets and
soap remove dirt and germs then water
jets rinse off all traces of soap as
they exit they pass in front of a neon
inspection light workers pull any
problem bottles off the
line now the bottles head to the same
bottling machine as before only now it's
been adjusted to fill each bottle with
300 mL of drink in this case orange soda
[Music]
this Factory takes a sample from each
production run for quality control
testing the lab technicians check such
things as the dilution ratio of syrup to
water the carbonization level and the
airtight seal they also analyze the
purity of the drink and container by
running the sample through a paper
[Music]
filter they put the filter into a petri
dish containing the nutrients needed to
grow microorganisms then they incubate
at a precise temperature and observe if
any bacteria
grow these glass bottles have
old-fashioned bottle caps not the twist
caps the plastic bottles have as each
cap drops down onto a bottle the machine
squeezes it tightly creating an airtight
seal once the bottles are filled and
capped they go into shipping cases
[Music]