[Music]
hey guys hope you are having a good uh
what is today Tuesday and hope the week
is going well for yall and I just wanted
to share with you a quick easy dinner
that is cost effective um it only
depending I mean a lot of the stuff you
could already have like I have leftover
chicken I have sour cream and I already
had cheese and I I did have some pasta
also that um I had but I got extra just
in case so a lot of stuff you might not
even you might already have but if you
bought all of this it would probably
come to about $10 so if you divide that
however many people you know you're
serving um I would say there's a good
eight servings in this casso so I mean
Greg goes for seconds though so we're
kind of you know I'm like feeding like
two other people but he um he eats a lot
but this will probably last us tonight
and tomorrow um maybe maybe one of us
the day after so here are the
ingredients we have I showed you all
yesterday cream of chicken Rotel mild
and we have the cream of mushroom angel
hair pasta sour cream chicken and cheese
and cheese goes in goes on afterwards um
yeah so I'm just going to kind of run
through this and show youall how to make
an easy cheap meal so we need two cups
of chicken I'm going to chop these up
and then I'm going to cook them on the
skillet and I'm like bite-sized pieces
I'm going to cut them up and this should
make about 2 cups so um we let's get
started what you want are little pieces
like
this you also you also want to start um
having your your water boiling so I
started that so the noodles could get
going while the while I cutting
these all right guys so we are starting
on the
um cooking the
chicken it's all chopped up over here
all right so we have all the chicken
cooking and what I'm going to do
is I have chicken on my where is it it's
somewhere back there I'm going to season
it with just some seasoning that we
use
and yeah
chicken is
seasoning so the chicken is somewhat
cooked almost cooked um and there's more
I put more chicken in it this time um so
I'm just going to add some more noodles
and hopefully makes a little bit more of
the casserole so um yeah cuz it normally
doesn't fill up the entire um Skillet
like it is but um yeah so it is
cooking yummy
chicken and that is starting to boil so
we will put be putting in the noodles
soon and what I do is I normally use
half of this cuz it calls for um is it
16 oz or something I I just I do half of
this and um I remember I don't remember
what it actually falls for but I just
always then like I kind of put my finger
to it and I just do half of it so I'll
probably do like 34s of it this time cuz
I have more chicken um
and yeah so next is the noodles cooking
and finishing off this
chicken okay so the noodles became quite
a challenge um they just started I guess
since they were close to the heat they
like started almost cooking in the
um in their box I mean they were like so
difficult getting out it was like the
weirdest thing ever like they became
like
sof anyway that was the weirdest thing
so so yeah the noodles are going and I'm
going to preheat now
at
350 and what it's going to do is it's
going to cook for 30 minutes and then um
after the 30 minutes this is as I put
when I put the casserole in the oven um
then after the 30 minutes you'll
sprinkle the cheese on and put it on put
it in for a little bit to melt the
cheese okay now we are moving the
chicken over
to this bowl so this going to be
difficult we have that that there we
have our
Rotel and this is
drained we have 1 cup of sour
cream I'm telling you guys this stuff is
not only cheap but it is so freaking
good all right next we have cream of
chicken and this is just gonna soak all
this is just going to soak in the flavor
and it's going to be
delicious then we have cream mushroom
which is going to be a little bit more
we
go need to get in there a little bit and
what I'm going to do is I'm just going
to mix all of this stuff together but I
need another hand
I don't know why it's not staying sturdy
but yeah so I'm just going to mix it all
in together and show you'all when it's
done all right guys this is all the
mixture
together and now we
have the noodles that we are going
to move over there so I have the noodles
mixed in here I'm going to mix a little
bit more then I'm going
to place it in the
pan
and cook it for 30 minutes so yeah it's
all put in the pan and what I'm just
going to do is
um is put some foil over
it all right so we are putting this in
the oven
four 30 minutes and now we are going to
clean up this
mess all right guys so it is done I put
the cheese and they kind of melted it I
didn't even put it back in um let me
turn the oven
off um yeah so I already got some for
Greg yeah like that that's how this is
how he eats and um yeah so I am done
like I said it it there's a lot you know
and I'll probably eat this and I hope
you all have a good rest of the week and
hope youall are sticking to your New
Year's resolutions always think about
them don't forget about them work at
them every single day so this time next
year you're not regretting anything and
I am want to say that I am going to be
putting out a schedule of when I'll be
putting out videos um I I'm not sure on
when I will um I need to get into like a
regimen though that way I'm hold myself
accountable for putting up videos so
anyway guys I will see y'all soon