[Music]
earlier Chinese culinary Master Andrew
Wong taught me the amazing art of
turning dough into noodles after 12
folds you can see there's about just
under 1,000 noodles there I want to show
Andrew a Great British baking trick puff
pastry is hard to beat but it takes time
my cheats puff pastry is quick easy and
just as tasty
what I'm going to do is something I've
seen a lot of in the last 20 years is
basically create two separate dishes one
is the filling of the pie and another
one nowadays A lot of people are just
baking separately the lid and then just
popping it on top so I'm going to show
you how to make a cheats puff pastry add
some butter to a bowl of white flour
then crumb it down I'm looking for a
good flake in this once it's turned to
breadcrumbs add salt and a drop of water
to bind it all together and you can see
it's beginning to form sort of rough
dough at the moment just like the noodle
making the dough needs kneading so make
sure get the right consistency in the
dough at the moment I think that is
probably about right give it a little
bit of working just to build up a little
bit of resistance with a little bit of
gluten in it so I'm happy that been
worked so far then roll out the dough
just as you would to make any puff
pastry you can add some fine sugar to
turn this into a sweet pie crust so
puddings in in China is there any
similarities between the puddings there
and the puddings here Chinese cuisine a
lot of the desserts are either boiled
soups or um or fruit birds nest soup
which people like to serve that with
Papaya again it's one of those that
quiet taste and and the kind of appeal
to it you telling me that deep deep
fried apple and deep fried banana is not
a chines thing no funny enough not I've
been cheating for all these years now
for the Chee the layer of Frozen butter
is the secret of my cheat puff pastry
now here is grated butter which are
Frozen to keep it really cold and you
dig this out and spread it over the top
2/3 of the dough you want to keep that
butter nice and cold freezer preferably
it's so cold the pastry doesn't need
chilling between each roll now you want
to fold it so you fold it over a third
half of the butter and then over
again that is the first turn you turn it
get your rolling pin out gently roll it
again if I were using cold not frozen
butter I'd need to chill the pastry
after every roll which means a lot of
weting round I've got my dough I've got
another layer I'm going to put in what's
this pastry called it's a cheese puff
pastry it's just another way of
incorporating butter into a dough to
make it flaky so exactly the same way it
just keeps everything cold so you're
going to get good layers and you end up
with a good rise that's the whole point
of incorporating butter into a
DG that is all the butter I'm going to
put into it at this stage I'm just going
to seal the end so a lot of it doesn't
come
out fold it again over now that because
it's Incorporated all the butter and the
dough it's begun to warm up you want to
wrap that put it in the fridge and leave
it to chill down for at least an hour
again that'll solidify the butter in
there again and you'll get beautiful
layers all the way through I've got one
in the fridge which has been chilling
for an
hour for just over an hour actually and
there's our pastry then give it one
final roll and it's
ready it's a great way of making a
pastry very very quickly and it will
create a good flake a great flake that
will sit on top of your pie it's what
you're looking for really when you put a
lid on is a bit of flakiness and a good
bit of butter then cut it up into layers
glaze with a whole beaten egg and bake
in an oven at 200Â° for 50 minutes until
they go golden brown I've got a surprise
for you Andrew soon we'll be eating my
chamain Parcels look at them
fellas this is the new Taste of China
right there that is chow inside a filo
pastry and my cheats pids are also done
they've risen just like traditional puff
pastry now this is just chicken and leak
you can use anything you want any pie
filling I want to compare this filling
with these two types of topping look at
that my cheats puff pastry and there you
have a beautiful pie filling
deconstructed with its lid on the
[Music]
Top If I make little bit of a gap get as
cylindrical as possible
and an oriental touch with Andrew's
fried
noodles made from a similar dough to
pastry they make a good crunchy topping
to soak up those
juices she a British deconstructed pie
Chinese deconstructed pie and this
chain
pie that is the new Taste of China this
is a Chinese banquet with a western
theme chicken ch I made wrapped in F