[Music]
and a little bit of salt now we are
going to prepare the water-based or I
put in some of the genes on here first
and what's a bit by trade not all at one
goal so take this away start to means
you stick and get more water in that if
you get to this texture where you feel
oh my god
it is not getting watery don't worry you
need to keep on kneading it the more you
need for this part the better you will
get you will get drier so don't worry
about it nor do you should shoot you
panic yeah look at that it's not needing
it okay so continue kneading it until
you you feel it's nice and soft via your
dog has to F us nice and soft texture
data yeah it's nice and soft so what you
want to do now is leave it and then
cover with a damp cloth and leave it
aside for say 30 minutes doesn't matter
then this time we are going to do the
butter dough
and use salted butter so I do need to
put any salt inside so this butter put
it in you don't want to do all of you at
one go so let's just do a little bit and
it has to resemble like a break crumb
so knead it until you get to this kind
of consistency yeah it is a short truss
pastry so for this 180 gram of flour I
actually use not 50 grams of butter but
about 100 gram of butter yeah but this
is for butter try not to use your palm
rather your your fingers to put them
together yeah then what you do here is
after you get this there's no water in
here yeah so you start dividing it and
make a ball this what you want like this
I make three equal parts yeah so this is
the water dough and this is the butter
dough so the butter dough needs to be
smaller than the water dough so because
it has to go inside yeah so you have
three equal parts here and then close it
leave it aside I'm gonna start doing it
that's a little bit what you want to do
is you want to put it down here and then
roll it out a little bit get some flour
here
and take this dog dystonia we're just
going to put it together yeah
now you have again like this what you
want to do now is turn it and start
ruling go sideways anyways just flatten
it a little bit and then we're going to
roll it this way okay a bit of flour
again so nothing sticks when you do is
in Kita's
[Applause]
like this then you start rolling it just
try to teen it yummy a little bit go
side way a little bit and then this
portion here let's bring it down this
way and then what you want to do is
again I want to change this part a
little bit and then you start rolling it
again
and when you get to this point you stop
you can see it is nice and soft when you
pressed it look at that
I'm not going to cut it yeah so you do
not cut too thin so you want to cut
about about one centimeter slightly
bigger than one centimeter
and this is how it should look like
inside yeah looks nice I put a bit of
flour at the border of Israel little bit
here and then you're going to roll it
out remember okay this is the part where
a lot of mistake happens from my last ex
period you need to roll it this thick
yeah this thing when you roll it to T
this layer was start to break and he
will not hold your feeling
it is very important so this is what you
want to get
this is curry chicken and potatoes don't
put too much because you really need to
be able to close it so put it together
and start pinching to close first and
what you do is you pinch push push pinch
and push if you do not know how to do
this it's not a problem just use a fork
and then indent it so that it closes
properly that's how your carry pops you
look like now if you see any opening
like this fix it before you fry yeah
just close it if not you know you get
all the oil seeping in and it's broken
and then you turn around and you tell me
these I doesn't work please
I learned my mistake too okay let's make
one more so you see the weekend and see
I will show you two video how to make
this curry puffs sorry the curry chicken
but seriously it's not necessary to just
add curry chicken inside area if you
like Bologna a say for example the way
we Bolognese see the only condition is
the feeling needs to be dry it cannot be
wet that's the only condition so if you
are vegetarian then skip all this and
just use maybe potato peas yeah however
whatever form you like your vegetables
to be inside that so look at this there
we go
I learned this from my mommy my grandma
everybody my family does it like this
okay check they open close close it you
must be careful because these are lay
here yeah and you must love what you do