[Applause]
[Music]
my friends and family welcome back to my
channel if you're new bienvenidos my
name is Johanna today I'm going to be
sharing with you guys how to make boo so
literal this recipe was requested of
mine by a couple of you so I'm really
excited and honor to share this recipe
with you guys because every family makes
it differently now if you haven't heard
of us toilet pasola essentially is a
Mexican hominy stew that's traditionally
made using pork as well as neck bump but
in my family we like using beef so I'm
going to be leaving all of the
ingredients measurements as well so the
tutions down in the description box both
before continue rubbing off let's get
started these are the aromatics I'll be
using for the beef stock but rather than
toss them into a stockpot I'm going to
place them inside of a spice ball which
you've seen me use before in my recipe
video if you've been with me for a while
do this I'll add some garlic cloves and
onion a bit of thyme coriander seeds a
small cinnamon stick and some whole
black pepper after I'll just close it up
and it's ready to use but you don't need
a spice ball at all because you can
always strain the beef stock later this
just makes it a little easier later on
then to the stock pot with hot water I'm
going to add some beef that I've already
washed beforehand I'm using a shank with
the bone in that's going to give our
beast off a really nice deep flavor I'm
also gonna be using some beef chuck
gross but you can use any beef pet that
you like just be sure to cut the meat
into cute pieces similar to the size
shown here we don't want to cut the meat
too small because we want it to hold its
shape as it cooks at this point I'm
going to attach the spice ball with the
aromatics from earlier to the stockpot
then lastly I'm going to season with
some salt cover and cook on medium flame
for one hour and 45 minutes after
cooking for about 30 minutes uncover the
stockpot and at this point you'll notice
that there's a lot of scum and our beef
stock remove as much of the excess skin
as you possibly can so that the beef
stock is somewhat translucent then cover
and continue to cook over medium flame
in the meantime these are the chili pods
I'll be using for the chili base which
I've already washed and removed the
stems from Maya when I liked her red
chili base to have a rich complex flavor
so this is the combination of chili pods
she liked using some ancho chili pods
with a very pleasant slightly smoky and
sweet flavor with very mild heat a few
Modica chili pods that are smoked
ripe red jalapeno peppers that are
synonymous with chipotle peppers as they
have a very rich smoky fruity flavor
while packing a good amount of heat
I'll also be using some New Mexico chili
pots that have a sweep of pungent
earthiness to them almost like an onion
and these deliver more of a subtle back
heat rather than an upfront one and
lastly some guajillo chili pods that are
slightly tart with hints of a very mild
sweet heat and light smoky undertones
I'm going to add all these to the pot
with put some onion garlic some dried
oregano and chicken boo-yan cumin powder
and some hot water then I like to give
it a mix to help everything incorporate
before covering and simmering over
medium flame for about 15 minutes after
to a blender add the rehydrated chili
pods the cooked onion as well as the
cooked garlic and all the remaining
liquid from the pot they cover the
blender and blend until smooth once
blended strain the chili paste very well
to remove the excess chili skin so we
end up with a nice smooth chili base
once we've done this it's time for the
next step at this point the beef stock
is done and all I need to do now is
removed a spice bowl with the aromatics
so I can skip straining the stock at
this stage the beef stock should be
translucent with a deep rich beef flavor
however for solar would it be posted
without hominy so we're going to add a
generous amount of it at a later date
I'll be sharing with you how to make
this completely from scratch because
this really deserves its own recipe
video but for the time being into the
pot it goes give it a mix and at this
point you have what's called Beausoleil
Blanco or white posole and if you wanted
to stop here you absolutely can but
since we're making red pasola today I'm
going to add the chili base from earlier
now give us a mix before covering to
simmer over medium high for 15 minutes
after 15 minutes turn off the heat you
can season it further to your own liking
here but this is just right for my
family so it's time to assemble the dish
Thibault I'm going to add a good amount
of the beef which is incredibly tender
and flavorful along with a few good
heaping spoonfuls of hominy because it
just wouldn't people sold it without it
and of course some of a beautiful deep
red broth that we infused with a complex
mix of dried chili peppers as well as
the richly flavored beef stock you can
garnish the dish any way you like but in
our home we like to top it off with some
thinly shredded cabbage a few diced
onions
some thinly sliced radishes that will
give this dish a bit of a crispy bite as
well as the squeeze of lime juice for a
refreshing touch and lastly here I'm
crumbling some dried oregano on top
which really complements the dish very
nicely the dish is truly packed with so
much flavor thanks to the beef stock and
the complexity of the chili face it's
savory smoky subtly sweet and tart as
well as pleasantly balanced by the
earthiness of the hominy both so that
dates back centuries in the Mexican
culture and it's a dish that's truly
withstood the test of time as it still
enjoyed today by many
I hope this recipe inspires you to drive
risotto but more importantly I hope you
also feel inspired to try experimenting
with different chili combinations and
seasonings so as to make a version
uniquely tailored to suit your own
family and perhaps make it a family
tradition thank you so much for watching
if you like this video don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up comment share
and subscribe to join our wonderful
fusion family and for video
notifications don't forget to click the
little bell icon that looks something
kind of like this and I'll see you guys
next time
sweat BAE you know tastes slightly like
that oh wait similar to that because
that color to it hi way way back in
Mexican kit culinary cuisine cuisine
[Music]
okay