hello everybody today I'm going to be
showing you the mainstays memory foam
cluster pillow basically a shredded
memory foam pillow
that I bought at Walmart for $10 it's
got the three-year warranty
like I said Walmart ten bucks not bad
it's very actually very very firm might
be a little too firm for me I think so
what I'm gonna actually do is uh try to
take some of the shredded foam out if
it's possible just gonna need something
to open it up right here
so that's what shredded memory foam
looks like
yeah it's very
very memory foamy kind of spongy not
real spongy but you know like how memory
foam is keeps its see if I ball it up
let it go real quick it's kind of neat
huh I'm gonna end up making a mess here
so but that's looks like I'm just gonna
empty some out actually I'm gonna take
something out of my pillow
because for me it was just there's just
too much that's what it looks like it's
probably good stuff that it's left over
you know scraps from the factory
actually pretty darn good ideal because
I know some of these pillows here you
know like my pillow one that's on the
late-night infomercials on TV goes for a
lot of money so anyway it's all even
that piece I mean it's all memory foam
let me ball it up in a ball and show you
guys not release it
it's all a memory foam thank you by the
way you guys I just wanted to show you
that was the Walmart it's the standard
size mainstays memory foam cluster
pillow ideal for back and side sleepers
says it's made in the USA
and it's got a three year warranty it's
all memory foam and it also it's a
pretty big pillow and it's very very
firm like I said I'm going to take some
out just to I don't want it so firm
actually I'm probably going to save that
or just throw it away I don't know or
making another pillow maybe but one
thing I did like about it is that it
came with this pillow case cover and
it's zippered which I've always liked
the zippered ones
so for ten dollars I don't think that
you can go wrong