[Music]
nice welcome back sort of episode of
bubblegum 7/8 over today we're gonna
become the richest bubblegum blowers the
world has ever seen
we can be that rich we can be blabbing
our own bubbles of roebucks
that's how rich we're gonna become guys
if you join us or see more but become
similar in the future the measure you
smashed the libel in down below guys let
me know in the comment section down
below right now what is your favorite
bubblegum flavor like what is your
all-time favorite I like a little bit of
Apple like a bit of strawberry but my
favorite Oh
Weiss it's gonna be a good old cherry
what are you guys fairy there anybody
else like sure you've got a favorite
bubblegum I chopped a little love heart
and everyone's comments and so will you
try artists today to become the richest
person in this game and we're gonna feed
a few pets right now as you can see we
got free of the inferno dragons
we got a mouse a space bull a fire deer
a wolf and a bunny so hope you some
better pets at some point too now we're
kind of blown big bubbles I can't
remember what what flavor I currently
got on me right now we've got one more
area to unlock as well but let's say
let's go just double check what flavors
we got this is this is a good cell area
hold on let me sell then we go back
quickly buying the flavors from the the
space section which I need to go already
on top of the like kind of like I would
spice what if you were to call it and
see what we can get so flavors I've
currently got the venom is 5.2 million
for the galaxy ten point six for the
rainbow so what's the difference here
you're like an extra 90 odd okay we got
a little at some points we've got that
nearly filled your thousand of those
gems
oh boy sorry I get super rich and also
of course guys we're gonna go all the
way to the goddamn Sun so what I do fast
will go back to the third and the fourth
area it's in the fourth area I've been
all my areas we're gonna go to are we
gonna go here anyway to get the aid that
God we chest oh we got lots of jugs
there boys
Jem's I wanted to go and actually sound
so I can buy the next flavor and then
we're gonna grind it all the way to the
top so we're selling it I keep again
which which kind of areas have which
things its kind of annoyed by a BAM
right listen this is a five point two I
need was it five point two yeh worse it
was ten point six for the for the best
one so this one's five point two right
here we go yeah this is not the only
flavor we're gonna buy today guys gonna
bite the the most a delicious flavor in
Holland farewell bye bye galaxy so we're
now popping some galaxy bombs and we're
gonna get it all we have a head start to
get all the way to the top I don't know
what's at the top so this is gonna be a
surprise for me everybody probably knows
what's at the top right now but you know
it's gonna be surprise for your boy well
its job Wow
I don't even get to jump on the
trampoline damn fool I could have
grabbed I can grab that well I mean
maybe trying to trampoline once more
only this time going yeah boy is going
up and up and up so long suckers
why can I grab this for sure that no am
I gonna have this trouble again where I
just can't get I can't land on anything
I gotta me speak English right let's try
this again so the aim is although the
goal is or the challenge it just to aim
for a cloud and just just land on it
don't care how high that cloud is just
aim for a cloud and your boys gonna get
it right we're gonna grab this one here
no I've missed that one are you for real
right damn it damn it damn it
so okay run this one we'll try again
guys we try again what am I gonna get
this time nothing why does one just here
we're still blowing the bubble dough so
the bubbles getting bigger the bigger
the bubble lie wow I just missed that
one
wowzers wowzers
right we're going again right when you
grab that can I land on this no are you
for real how are we not going to pi
enough there's a trampoline right there
all right can I land on that trampoline
we're gonna go for that trampoline here
it's just here now give me the good the
good boost that your boy Dade's
get even higher
I gonna grab and land on this yes son
my easy boy easy easy easy we're making
our way downtown walking fast right easy
peasy
we're making progress right now how much
further we gotta go I can land on this
purple one here no no no I can't
there's a trampoline there and I'm Elena
never worry about dancer laughs right
there's a trampoline here booing all
right there we go there's the of a
trampoline I seen earlier I don't know
where it is right now I have no oh it's
down there it's okay that clear we go in
hi we are at legit going hi boys
we're almost at the top we're almost
there guys
I'm gonna grab this purple no it's too
high I see got it got it got it what we
getting so many are so many no all of
drum million where do I get the two
million from what's up from the chest
like thank God my chest I just got
earlier it has to be I don't remember
getting two million I do not remember it
two million at any given point right we
twist your behind we are so high right
now right Can I grab on to this little
chess come on yeah you got it boy I keep
it going keep the momentum always so
close guys we are so close
could I land all kind of Luna although
it's gonna be a rocky landing Wow
wicked Chi boys recouped cheap I'm gonna
land on that I mean I'm playing it safe
now we are so high so I'm gonna play it
so safe right Oh
be good to this I wouldn't liked it but
I'm not on it right there we go right I
am at the highest we in the game right
now I can't get any higher so what is up
here here's our beautiful cell area
there is no cell areas is there it's all
what is it pets and stuff so you need
quite a bit of cash money moolah so
that's coming soon that one's coming
soon but I can buy the void shard so
let's spend some money on the void shard
let's see let me get from this so you
got a void there do we have a void there
before we have now we got a fire there
let's open up another
they say we can get all these pets we
gotta avoid kitty it's pretty it's
pretty much the void isn't it is this
like these places here it's well you're
the void stuff
I'll give me a rare one another void
dear what if I want a rare rare pet you
really unlock to are the possible ones
and they're both common the ones we
gotta both common weight celiac right
avoid kitty oh is that a rare one what's
that one that is no it's no it's common
it's comfortable right come on
avoid bait we got a rare bear hmm we got
a rare bear right oh we got a unique bat
we could avoid bat how much you got now
come on let's get like an epic one or
some like that like some good rare bear
air void bear so we haven't we've got
one more ready to go with two epics and
two question marks right never read bear
how much I got left now where I can get
two more boom so many rare bears what's
gonna be done well that's what I can
afford now well what's this very unique
void back right let's equip some of
these pets because you know they're
gonna be good so I'm gonna get rid of
everything that's not void related or
Inferno related because he's a pretty
dope look at him levels malecon levels
so the void bear does 65 to 70
collection the void back does 26 to 28
the void dear okay so the void bear is
the best what is the void by the best
one yeah the void bear is the best one
that I've currently got right now right
so equipped equipped equipped equipped
so at the void bat which is better the
void by the void dear
it's the void bat okay right equip that
so we've got the full maximum eight
equip did if I'm blowing bubbles right
now I'm doing 1019 that's pretty high
that is pretty high but it's all gonna
change when I sell anyway so
I think I think we should try and sell a
legitimate we should try and sell now
sandwich money we get in return and try
and buy a new flavor so I need to go is
it's the third or the fourth you know
these are the Friday I thought I'm
completely lost right now I don't even
know what level I need to be on to sell
so we just got a nice beautiful 2.4
million smackeroonies for you boy right
there right let's go to the other areas
I know there's another area I think it's
the easy the first one will be have a
chest or a smart suit to grab oh no I
jumped I should I should have known not
to god damn jump I'm jumping high though
I'm legit jumping high alright so you
get a nice little cash boost there
that's what I like to see it's what your
boy likes to say hey why should we go
for next them
so we're grinding it still let's go to
the third area this was the Salaria
right Oh minis five million we're pretty
much halfway to what we need to get to
the best flavor in the game I also need
to be doing something that's gonna help
me out to get a load of those little gem
stuffs let's go to the best area we
visited VIP area to offer if you have
even been to the VIP area outside
craziest places right grabbing all these
grabbing all these boys we go get some
bad pets of me these dudes are paired
chillin too cuz you knows we get the
good stuff you know so you get the good
stuff right come on come on come on come
on I'm trying to romance if I can grab
anything before he does oh that's mean
let's go to the VIP area it's just check
this area out we'll be trying to grind
these bubbles up so we got the access is
there anything here there's nothing you
can go up to is there no it's just
literally beautiful VIP access where
nobody can steal these coins you get you
get a few but it's not many it's not
many is it really now right okay so
literally all we going to do right now
is keep saving up keep getting as many
what rank am i by the way
I'm bubble master I gotta get 7.5
million bubble was popped to get the
bubble champion seems pretty crazy
doesn't it that does the legit seem
pretty crazy right let's go to the top
area let's teleport back up there cuz
I'm trying to get as many of these
beautiful little gems as I can to open
up so many pets well it's not going to
jump down and start collecting stuff as
we go down right now to each Rock if I
can land on them so you like 12,000 up
like a little chesty alright all I
jumped I should have jumped alright jump
and land on this one is there a crate
that I can grab Oh 24,000 nice ten of
these I can get a pet well and then 20
of these of these smaller ones but I
completely missed that right now I'm
falling to my death my pcs need to be
what I'm doing right now just try to get
the best flavor gum in the game and then
we'll get the best pets would we and I
still time to two more play right there
or we're falling down dramatically right
now right where we up to now then so we
go way out so we've got five we've got 1
million but you know like kind of
backpack right now 1 million bubbles
blown I trying to figure out what the
right word to say we can now officially
buy two of the best pets and just kind
of hope that they are going to be the
special ones that's what your boy wants
the special ones right we're jumping
down what we got am I the trampoline
they're trying to avoid the trampoline I
don't want to go shooting back up again
Oh 48000 well that's that's a big big
chest there that was a big boy chest
I got it boys good good good got it
right before him down to the ground
big boy chest again always so close to
be able to get free of them pay him said
yeah we can land on this area here which
this is where we had the big one which I
wish we could get this one again how
so we can Gilligan and 30 minutes Wow
okay but I've got enough anyway to get
three more pets so I think what we
should do we should buy those free pets
now what we're still trying to grind it
out to try and get 1 million bubbles in
your boys inventory so what we're doing
right now
so let's buy one then so BAM what's it
gonna be
damn void kitty right the weakest one
have all of them avoid bear get Adam
face avoid bear oh we get every quite a
void dragon right finally we got
something better right how good is the
well let me get rid of the void bat and
the void dragon 95 to 80 so he does a
lot better
oh these bears are level free and still
the void dragon does better these are
level 2 as well damn boy right equipped
with that bad boy so what we doing now
then pop it 1281 guys let me run a
conversation as well why is the most I
might what you know what is the biggest
amount of bubbles you're getting per
like blown I'm getting 1281 is anybody
get it higher than that let me know in
the comment section down below we're
quite interested to find out but that's
gonna get some rewards they clicked as
well okay beautiful rewards I got
another reward to click straight away
cuz that's how good your boy is and
we've got 300 thousand left to go so I
think what we'll do we'll go and sell
now and just kind of see where we are
with the monies we'll see where we are
where you can it puts us so BAM
we sold we've got a 2.1 million so we
got another 2.5 million to go and then
we've got enough to buy the best gum
flavor
oh I remember the best gum flavor was I
know it scent on this level over here
it is rainbow right rainbow is the
flavor that your boy
and everybody loves we're here in those
big jumps again oh we just hit we just
hit Mars where does hit Mars week week
week right let's fall all the way back
down to earth dodging all the clouds
this is kind of crazy isn't it look at
its go look at this go
damn sorry yaki kaboom damn could have
broken the bluff right there right let's
get back up to space the void and I'm
currently number one in the server right
now because your boy is the richest
player we want to be the richest player
server guys we became the richest player
on the server told you it's gonna happen
but then we gonna go super poor after
anyway when I spend it all and uh I'm
buying the best gum so what you gonna do
about it
right click no miss again cha-ching can
we get enough to buy one more pair I'm
gonna buy one more pair will buy one
more pair and then we should have enough
to sell so I've just literally gotta
land on these we got 100,000 and 100,000
more a nice to get like a big chest or
something
Oh 28,000 nice nice was a big chest
there but I'm just falling down too far
right now
well I land on anything well I got it
right there we go what's this are we so
close yet charge it faster now just one
more to land on one more note one more
right here we go
this is the perfect one bam thank you
ma'am right let's go in southern so we
should know by the time I get there have
enough to sell right it's right here
no this is not it we're jumping like I
miss our rocket right now got it oh
that's 50,000 how much are these worth
annuities a little bits and bobs they're
not worth a lot but it's five oh I knew
he's gonna be trampoline damn it yeah
right okay so we should definitely have
enough now come on land for me land your
boy needs to sell your boy needs to sell
you boys get that cash money moon I need
to get paid
buddies get paid paid in bubble gum
right let's go so what have we got
enough now ten point six I'll go just a
little bit sure we fall a little bit
short guys right okay
and should we buy the pet that might be
way out or let's see what we get but
does have time I'll and let's find out
chi-ching we're actually pretty close if
I stand stand here will it auto sell for
me yeah no I may even pop him I may be
blowing bubbles right Oh sir how many
comic does okay so we can grind this out
we need ten point six million we've got
ten point five million so we are super
close to get in the big books the best
flavor ten point six million oh my
goodness mate let's go let's go let's
get that good flavor and the space star
Mike Mike Mike where is it where is it
where is it where is it there it is so
we call you got the the galaxy which
does 545 if we now go to the rainbow
which is 720 buying that got that equip
did you boys got the rainbow right now
creating those delicious rainbow bubbles
and now we're making 1461 for every
bubble popped nobody can stop you boy
nobody can legit stop me making all the
bubbles right let's go and get then cuz
you've got then you fringe a thousand
but let's go and get what we need
let's click these
bam bam bam to buy another pet monkey
something good please don't ruin this
for me
avoid bear courses of course it is avoid
bap right but it's time the other stuff
spawns or I could simply just jump down
land on something maybe you know what
maybe I can't land on something oh my
good god this is terrible I just want to
get if you just buy one more I'm
addicted to buying pets it's a real
problem right we got enough now then so
who can I jump all the way back up what
is it going to be too much we'll jump
all the way back up BAM
jump easy easy easy
jumping again it needs to be to land on
something gonna land on this oh I just
missed it right okay before it's right
there right well by that last pet as you
know for two I def will sell for one
final time and then we see where we are
we're always blown five million bubbles
by the way to look at let's go look at
us go ain't nothing stopping us the path
on the map boundaries apparently apart
from the map boundaries that stops us
yeah right hey okay so let's
okay let's wink up the pet first because
it could be a good one it could also be
a terrible one just gotta do my dailies
[Music]
collected up what's he good at bay avoid
deer get it out of my face don't even
want to see a boy don't even want to see
it
my favorite of any circles don't babies
still mine excuse me coming through just
collecting my this is my stuff I'm only
four thousand away so I've gotta do one
more Avenue I do one more guys
there we go this is the last one we're
opening it up now it's a void baton
let's sell for the fire time what we
gonna get what we gonna get closed
Oh boom boom 1.9 million in the bank
there but this is better cuz I'm the
richest I pumped the boast bubbles we're
now far off get it 7.5 as well to come
in the bubble champion whatever the rank
is were you boys killing it your boys
gonna be so if you guys did enjoy this
then make sure you smash their label it
down below
let's all next time I see you all soon
so good
[Music]