[Music]
hi guys this is Nikita net from the car
because we're talking about a car
related topic which is fogged up cloths
when you get into your car in the winter
time well not per se say the winter time
but it happens most of the time here in
the Netherlands in the winter time
because we have a lot of rain and it's
cold and when you get into your car it
fogs up from moisture in the car so
let's go and unwrap a product that's
very interesting if you're facing this
problem as well and want to be done with
it so what you get in the box is the
following well
first you got to unwrap it but here we
go you get the D humidifier itself and
you get a piece of paper with
instruction
let's unwrap the
dehumidifier and take note it is charged
or ready for use but it's still in a
plastic
bag so that's it and let's take a
measurement of its weight it's almost
exactly 400 G so the laita moisture
absorbent back I don't know why what it
contains either it's some type of
silicate or it's perhaps some volcanic
Stone Pummel Stone as we call it but
it's moisture absorbent at least as is
stated on the packaging so what this
does is stay in your car until it needs
to be refreshed but when it is in your
car and it's functioning it should
absorb moisture from within your car
which means that when you get into the
car and you radiate heat in the car
there should be at least no moisture in
the car to evaporate and fog up your
windows which is such a hassle so I've
got two of these bags here is number one
and here is number two from the unboxing
but one is going into the main
compartment of this car and the other
one is going into the trunk
because I really want to be done with
this
and it is a very cheap product in my
estimation at least because they were
€2.99
a pop and to be frank uh the amount of
time I have spent shivering in a car
because it's wet and all the moisture
has to be expelled from the car by the
car heater um well it's a little bit too
much so I think for around €6 as I paid
for these um it's a nice thing so as per
the instructions on the packaging on the
manual inside of the packaging and on
the bag itself well this side at least
uh you can charge or recharge basically
this bag by putting it in a microwave at
600 was for 6 minutes now do note um
they also State you can put it on on the
radiator but not knowing the stuff
that's inside and silic being bad for
your lungs I wouldn't risk it
puncturing uh so do be careful with the
recharging process as well as how you
use it in the car don't get it punctured
I would be very careful with that so
follow the
instructions but I believe this will
work and if you're watching this video I
haven't changed my mind in regards to to
that especially when it's uh published
for a while so I'm going to put it in
the car and hopefully be done with all
the moisture issues within the car so
this is niket saying thanks for watching
like dislike this video at your pleasure
of course subscribe to the channel and
uh well see you in the next video
bye-bye