hello everyone welcome back my name digi
Fez hey y'all doing today thanks so much
for joining me
ox why of all Billy savers with fish how
y'all doing today what we have today is
in our tips and tricks of video for you
and the reason why a lot of people have
been asking me during the comments and
then also during the stream and like how
do you do this how do you do this we're
going to take a look at fence foundation
now this trick or technique has been in
the game for a long time the reason why
I never used it is because it's very
finicky and I sometimes don't like
finicky stuff so but I've gotten used to
actually learning how to use it for the
last couple weeks and almost a month or
now so I'm going to teach you how to do
it so obviously what I'm talking about
is using the fence sound ation as kind
of like what right now and also we have
a trick I also have a trick of using the
windows and when taught but basically as
you can tell using it like this be even
able to go like sideways and whatnot
because a lot of people aren't asking me
how the hell do you do that so I'm going
to show you so let's go over here nice
big flat area we got here and let's talk
about the fence on Dejan so obviously
there's a couple time bends foundation
it's pretty much one of the main
building blocks in game you could say
the foundation itself but pretty much
the fence foundation is because you can
do so much with this it's kind of buggy
it's also not buggy but hey it's
alpha-beta
whatever you want to call this so it's
not done so who knows if they're ever
change it but the fence foundation can
do a lot of things so for instance right
you can just place it down and regulate
on a ceiling or a foundation itself you
can also place it down on the ground and
both of these act the same but also act
differently and what I mean about that
is for instance if I try to place a grab
you do grab some pillars some walls also
this is our commander I've done a video
on this you can go check that out as
well if you're asking what that is
allows you to spawn something really
really really really really really
quickly
let's put a let's put another one here
so they're both the same right you can
both do the same thing with them you can
put a wall snap to it right you can also
put a wall snap to this right yeah let's
get there yep this snap to that and the
reason that this is such a unique kind
of thing and also very helpful is
because you can add a lot of different
dimensions and different shapes when you
do the snapping with the fence
foundation and also like I've done with
my down our doors you can make a
perfectly good circle with them and
stuff so it's pretty cool pretty cool
any hoax also you can put you can put
pillars you can put pillars in the
middle you can put pills on the side as
well it's pretty much endless light on
what you can do pretty much so let's
talk about how I can make this kind of
circular shape so what you need to do is
obviously you probably have done this
placing down a fence foundation and
making a wall like this right there
snapping it like this maybe you need a
curve it a little bit let's do like that
you know and let's do something like
that and what's the problem what's the
problem with this well for one it's on
backwards
for one it's backwards and for to look
at the heights of the walls everything
is kind of lopsided and what I mean
about that is the floor of the game is
always changing and in different areas
where you build and whatnot it's always
a mess so building on a flatter
foundation like so is a lot easier and
this is where the fence foundation comes
into play to be really really cool so as
you know I've usually done this puts a
fence foundation down maybe put a filler
here maybe put another filler here maybe
put another filler here then put the
walls in put the wall in and vice versa
or maybe put the diner door what you can
do with this it's pretty cool so let's
get rid of all this scared of the two
side ones it makes it a lot easier to
see now this is very tedious so be very
very very patient on how this works now
what you want to do you take your fence
foundation and you know that it has a
bunch of snap points right
so if we run around the single block
right here on this single block alone
it's got a bunch of them it can go this
way
let's actually go over here so for just
starting it out right it can go here go
here here here here here and also if you
have another fence foundation or couch a
machine attached to it it can also snap
in the middle kind of sew and snap to
the other one you want to always make
sure you're snapping to the one that
it's on the edge of you don't want to
snap it to the the one that's not
because if I do this like that and then
I try to do something like like trying
to snap it like again it's going to turn
out to be really awkward like that see
how it's not you want to make sure it's
like that okay
impeach so anyway so let's let's see let
me show you how to do this so you want
to put the fence foundation like I said
on a general flat area you usually want
to put it on the ceiling or a foundation
itself and the trick of it is really
simple it's very simple all you want to
do is kind of stand on the corner bit of
the ceiling or fence foundation that are
sewn foundation or whatever then you're
on and kind of just have it and look at
look at the fence foundation just look
at this in the middle kind of like in
the middle of the screen and usually
that's the easiest way now as you can
tell there's a bunch of different snap
points you can do it so if you can look
really close to it sometimes rotates now
to know if you're going to place this
properly it's very it's a econo is a
guest hit or miss because you don't
really know if you're placing it
straight or not but what you do was
place it down and place the wall on top
of it if the wall is something like this
where there's kind of like an inch or so
placing the wall itself in the middle
you got it good and also what you need
to do as well as make sure you place the
other wall like so like that now you
don't want to have it place like this I
get rid of the wall you don't want to
have a place like this this is snapping
to the foundation itself you don't want
that you want to get rid of this and you
want to make sure it's snapping to the
fence foundation itself and the reason
why is if we take a look up top see how
it's smooth look how smooth that snaps
it together and make it look it just
looks like
meant to be very cool now every corner
is kind of a little bit different and
also where you snap areas now what I
usually do is I kind of lay out my
building on how I want it to be and then
I kind of start putting the god can't
speak I kind of place the fence
foundations of where I want and also to
do the other side
let's take a look it's a little harder
when you're flying but I guess if you're
doing in survival then I guess you got
it pretty good now the left side I
always figure it being the hardest for
some reason I don't know why don't know
why there we go like that and let's
place it like there so now what we have
is a very nice looking kind of a kind of
wall thing now you can do something like
this and you can like have this like
that and have this snap this is when it
gets really complicated you can have
this snap to that and now you can have a
wall here and then not a while sorry you
can do a pillar here in the middle and
then another pillar here in the middle
and also have another wall like that and
then you can do this this is kind of
like how you could do like a like a
tower kind of piece now it's kind of
annoying as you can tell oh my god come
on snap snap please snap snap snap
there we go make sure it's straight hey
this is not so let's see that to make
sure snap to that there's snap smooth
okay and delete it I'm gonna need it and
vice versa I mean that's what you can
kind of do to make a kind of a circular
thing there is a way hold on there is a
way to get a wall in here but the amount
of effort I mean you can do something
like that and then then you can't do
this if you have no clip you know I
guess it will work like that and yeah so
that's how you use the fence foundation
as making like a circular kind of thing
I mean to tell your truth if you really
don't like practicing like this is how
you can practice just doing on the floor
like so like this you can just do like
like just perfectly like the
very quickly just setting it up I mean
it's not going to look pretty but hey
now you can make a really nice looking
kind of tower in the beginning come on
hey go and look at this is going to be
all backwards because I placed the
backwards depending on how you place the
fence foundation is how you may place it
backwards and there you go and then
you'll have to replace all the rests
yeah so that's how you do that now I
want to show you really quickly how to
make some really cool windows because
people have been asking me during the
stream and whatnot so let's go to that
real quick all right welcome back so
what do we see about this building
compared to the main building over there
what do you see the difference am I
using a mod no what's the difference
what is the difference I'll tell you you
take a look at this building real
quickly what look at the windows look
how big those windows are they're
massive now it's not bad to have big
windows but what happens if you want to
make a very smaller kind of house and
have different kind of style with it
well this technique is pretty cool so
let's take a look at this house over
here this is one of my favorite small
little houses in this a little bit a
little fishing village that we're making
and the reason why is adding these kind
of smaller looking windows is pretty
cool now this technique is not new I
just haven't been using it the reason
why like I said I'm [ __ ] lazy so
people finally said start using it so
like right and then people ask me now
how do you do it so it's pretty cool but
as you can tell look at the windows the
windows look pretty cool and you're
probably wondering how the hell did you
do that well I'm gonna show you let's
take a look let's go back over here
right over here and remember our talk
about the fence foundations yeah well
you're gonna laugh about this so let's
go over here take our thing so what I
said about earlier fence foundations are
the key do a lot of building techniques
and stuff and it's pretty cool so what
do you want to do is you want to kind of
plan out the house that you want to do
and kind of think about what you want to
do for windows and one
and to do that how to do that is you
kind of maybe make up a mock or whatnot
just draw it out real quick and think
about where you want the windows so for
instance maybe I want to do like a small
little building you know why not and I
want to put I want to put a window right
here smack up here I always well I
always like putting windows on the
second floor you know why I don't know
why I don't like the windows being on in
the base floor I'd just my preference
all right just my style perfect so I
want to put a window here what do I
usually do laughs let's put that all
right that's pretty good
no I don't like that anymore I want to
take the extra step and make it look a
lot better so what you need is maybe a
door frame put a door there all right
that's kind of cool I've done this
before I put a door ah for a window and
then maybe put a door you know let's put
a uh let's put a yeah see ya door door
door where's the door door door door
where's the door
well isn't a call for reinforced or
stone door or sorry oh I got a love well
I can't spell door bangs door door frame
metal door uh let's do store door okay
there it is no that's not it uh let's
just do one of these there that one okay
there we go all right
it was our window pretty cool yeah it's
not bad I like the little shutter kind
of look um this is cool now to make it a
step further what we're going to do is
going to go in the inside and you
probably like well how do you get the
glass well it's very simple take your
friends foundation remember it has a
bunch of different snap points for it
what we can do now is snap the fence
phonation snap to that I can get it to
perfectly snap come on okay
come on you do and there we go so what
I'm going to do now is all I did was you
can do this either way if I put the
fence donation here and I put the wall
if I put the wall here the like I said
earlier the fence foundation has
multiple snap points so well now what I
can do is I can snap a wall a double
wall now you can do this throughout the
entire house and also this is what a lot
of people do for PvP so people been
asking me how you make a PvP base that's
how you make a PvP base you do double
walls now what I can do is put a window
now obviously the interior I am going to
say this the interior suffers a little
bit because you have to see and look at
this ugly thing but the out terior looks
way better look how nice it looks and
looking now you got a little shudder
going on right here then you can go like
that if you really might want to but
like it's cool also that's kind of uh
it's kind of a problem when you have
that something like this come on I need
you to close and open the other way god
damn it I like it stetic so I'm gonna
keep it open like that but look at that
just having a snap on the interior and
also you can go keep going up and up and
up like that look at that look how much
that adds look at that window that's
amazing we know I mean let's compare
which one looks better which one looks
better obviously the bigger one is
pretty good for like having a bit very
big window and also you can do the same
technique as well as up there where I do
the corners and have the corners as the
windows and have like a bay window kind
of look and then you can do like a
little small windows this is just a
little technique that I really wanted to
show you and a lot of people have been
asking me turn the streams like how do
you do that because honestly I go so
fast I go too fast sometimes that I just
honestly just skip over it and sometimes
I don't how my show or explain it yeah
so anyways that's it I know it's a lot
of talking a lot a lot of explaining hey
it's a little tip and tricks and you can
do a lot of stuff I do want to show you
really quickly before we end another
thing that you can do with with doing
these corner pieces and I did it over
here for this greenhouse
what I did was make the two ends
cornered and have the sides the same and
one up a look at this different look at
how the shapes you can make this is a
square building but having just these
front areas a little like corner to make
it a little bit circular look at the
shape that you can get with building
like this it's unbelievably amazing you
can make small buildings look like
amazing without making them look like a
freaking damn square just adding that
little piece of technique just adding
that little piece makes buildings look
really cool and also the tops a little
mess but I it's just a little greenhouse
I meant to make ya so nervous that's it
if you liked the video leave a thumbs up
likes your comedy with telling us what
you think about this technique hopefully
this helped you out if you have any
questions feel free put in the
description down below and hopefully I
can come and comment down below and
hopefully help you out I am don't forget
I also stream on Tuesdays and Fridays
arc usually on Friday so if you have any
building questions feel free John within
the stream and I'll tell you how I build
my building
you know all that stuff anyways that's
it hopefully enjoyed I'll see you guys
on the next one
you