[Applause]
[Music]
oh hey this is Trav what a beautiful day
it is today thought I'd just talk a
little bit about bird houses give you a
little more information here's a couple
of bird houses that I recently
built here's a hanging style bird house
that I built uh just take your Square
basic shape turn it into a dime
giving you a pointed bottom this one has
a cedar top and just some salvaged
materials some old painted boards that I
found for ventilation I've got a gap
right
here and air can pass through that Gap
and right out this hole and it provides
for for good ventilation for your birds
the clean out on this one if you loosen
this screw the side door opens up you
can get right in there and clean out all
the old nest material and year after
year that's important to do
just keeps your birdh house ready for
new occupants every every spring so I'm
going to hang this one up here and show
you this A-frame style bird house I
built this one also out of Salvage
materials designed this one to be a wall
hanger it's just got a wire Loop right
there and I got this corrugated metal
roof I really like this design for
predator avoidance that shape makes it
tough for a predator to get in uh get
those those baby bird birds and with it
hanging up high on a on a wall or a
fence or a tree be tough for predators
to get to as well now this this rustic
A-frame birdhouse I really like the
overhang on the the corrugated metal
just gives it a rustic look and the
cleanout on this one's right here on the
bottom grab hold of this screw opens up
like so can remove all the old nest
material I just put a screw right there
as a stop so when I close the door
pushes against it
this one's ready to be put out and see
if we can attract some
birds wanted to talk just a little bit
more about bird houses and general
there's really no limit to the number of
bird houses you can build so over the
years I've built a lot of different
kinds of bird houses some with flat
bottoms some with a pointed triangle or
diamond shape metal roofs wood roofs
I've even used Cottonwood log an old out
of an old snag where a woodpecker
had built a hole and then I just just
took that log and built a roof on it I
used a old watering can once just uh
just for fun you know make bird houses
out of gourds out of any number of
different
things one of my favorite things about
bird houses is that they're fun to build
and they're relatively easy to make
you're really only limited by your own
imagination here are some bird houses
that I made for my kids now I built
these out of new materials and then the
kids painted them however they wanted I
really like rustic bird houses but you
can build them out of new materials or
anything really that you can find it's
fun and challenging to try different
designs