[Music]
good afternoon and welcome to cooking
uncovered this afternoon I'd like to
talk to you a little bit about these
beautiful vegetables leaks but the
problem with leaks is they're so dirty I
want to to show you a closeup here of
all all the dirt that is actually
underneath all the mud and dirt inside A
leak so of course before you use them
for your soups your stocks uh for
whatever you're using them for you have
to clean them so I'm operating with a
two board system I've got one board to
cut out my dirty leaks and another board
to clean to do my dicing first thing you
do is you take off these outer bitter
leaves that are that actually aren't
good for Soups stocks they're not really
that good so I'm just going to take them
off like that and I'm just going to
remove those put those over there now
you take off your root end of course
because it's all dried out now I'm going
to show you with this one I take off my
root end here because it's all dried out
now I've taken all those off from
before and now what I have to do is I
have to cut the leak in half because
I've got to get into the internal
workings of the leak because it's so
dirty inside so look at this another
closeup look at the look at the mud and
dirt inside that and that's what you're
trying to get at so I'm going to just
take that outer Le Leaf off so turn your
leak over and so it's a stable base and
I'm just going to cut right down again
turn your leak over it's a stable base
I'm going to cut right down the center
now you notice I have these four
sticks now I'm going to turn them and
with my larger knife I'm actually going
to dice right here on this board now the
reason I'm dicing now is because I want
to get in between all of these layers to
clean them so you diced all the way down
whichever size it is you want and that
I'm not going to bother dicing all right
so now all of this goes into my strainer
for cleaning so in it
goes see now look at the debris on the
board that is something you do not want
in your soup or your salads or your
stews or your sauces it would just taste
awful so that's finished now in my
strainer here I'm going to clean my
leaks so there's all my beautifully
diced leaks and look it in here see this
that ugly piece of something I don't
know what that is we're going to get rid
of that clean clean
clean keep keep mushing around these
leaks until all the dirt and debris has
fallen off and you can just keep keep
sorting through
them and eventually all the ugly little
bits that you don't ever want to eat
come they drain off and you can also
have a look see afterwards to make sure
that you do have all the mud off and if
you don't get rid of those pieces that
you
haven't you haven't um cleaned so just
one final rinse there's something I
don't want to eat one final rinse
and this I have to tell you that this
leak was an exceptionally dirty leak but
that's the way you clean leaks for your
soups and stews now this I'm going to
add to my uh my pot with celery and
onions and it's going to make make an
exceptional exceptional flavor for my
soups or my salads or my stalks so
thanks for watching cooking on cupboard
for how to clean leaks
[Music]