hey guys this is me prti from super
style and today's video I'll be showing
you how you can make be mask for your
hair this mask can be made using beer
and some very simple things around the
house from your kitchen from your
refrigerator so it's very very easy and
extremely helpful if you want silky and
shiny hair uh before continuing with
this video let me warn you though that
this mask will only help those girls uh
who have normal or dry hair if you have
an oily scalp you might want to refrain
from using these products because they
will make your hair even more oily so
let's get started and look at the
products that you be needing for making
this mask so for making this mask you'll
be needing some beer uh you can choose
any brand that you want as long as it's
not a cheap brand a local one I think
it'll be fine uh coconut oil you can
also use almond oil or olive oil instead
of coconut oil if you
want uh an empty cup of course and a
spoon
uh Glycerine only for those who have dry
hair if you have normal hair do not use
Glycerine honey lemon and yogurt or as
some people call it CD now let's see how
we can mix these things to make a mask
now we'll start by taking about 7 to 8
tablespoons of beer in a
cup and uh just add some yogurt to
it this should be about uh 2 tbspoon
mix it
well add about 1 tbsp of
Glycerine uh like I've already mentioned
you should skip this step if you have
normal hair you do not want your hair to
get too
greasy and then
about 1 and A2 tspoon of coconut oil if
you are using almond oil you can make it
two uh tablespo of almond
oil and just about the same amount of
honey this will add a lot of shine to
your hair make sure you add the honey
you can use any brand of course
and uh finally you can put about say 1/4
lemon lemon is especially very helpful
if uh you also have dandruff dandruff
problems or scalp
infections and that's
it so as I'm sure all of you would agree
this mask was very very easy to make uh
to apply just dip your fingers and
massage your scalp on your hair with it
like you would apply oil to your hair
leave it on for about 15 minutes wash it
off with shampoo and condition your hair
like you regularly would do uh this mask
should be you know applied to your hair
like about twice a week if you really
need shiny and soft hair very quickly
and if your hair is like very badly
damaged uh applying this twice a week
should do you just fine and in you know
like after two or three times your hair
should start looking really good so I
think that's all the points covered that
I had to mention if you're looking for
some other Hair Solutions Natural Hair
Solutions I have a couple of other
videos as well on super hostile there is
one on how you can straighten your hair
using aloe vera gel and then there's one
on Dand treatment there's one on how to
condition your hair naturally so I'll
share all these video links in the
description box below if you want to
have a look and if you've been wondering
about my nail out I did this very very
recently and I've also uploaded a video
on this uh on my channel so and this is
by the way done using an eyel
so uh if you're interested in making
your own nail out tools you can check
out this nail out I've shared the link
for this as well in the video
description box if you have any
questions about this hair mask that we
created today you can write your
questions in the comment box below and
if you have any suggestions please write
in the comment box below as well because
uh obviously if you have interesting
suggestions it will help the rest of my
viewers thanks a lot for watching this
is me PRI signing off now bye-bye