you
[Music]
you
[Music]
hey guys welcome to so muhammad's are
like the African version of donuts to
make Mohammadi you need all purpose
flour sugar and the fly is 500 times the
sugar is about 80 grams yeast is about a
teaspoon and you need cardamom powder
teaspoon and then coconut milk this is
about 300 ml I'll see if you're going to
use all of it then because sometimes
that would not like the the taste of
yeast I like adding a bit of vanilla
essence to my so I've really seated my
flat so did our the sugar they used
I don't give out a big box
and add in your coconut milk bit by bit
if you're using coconut powder if you
are reconstituting the powder with hot
water make sure that your milk is not
too hot because then that will kill the
yeast so I'm going to add the coconut
milk a fair bit so we form a soft
[Music]
once you do is come together transpired
to your work surface dusty surface a bit
and they know didn't you need this for
about ten minutes
yeah yeast yeast those require proper
kneading for you to have a good texture
as we give this good need then I'll come
back and show you guys
[Music]
so you want to knead until you get a
soft smooth dough like this one and it's
a bit of a workout yeah so that's an out
of the red so I'm going to let this rest
back in our Bowl you can cover with a
damp cloth or cling film just make sure
already covered field you don't put it
directly on the dough because it's green
to rags and double in size yeah so you
ain't cover this with a damp cloth and
put it in a warm place warm not hot if
you put it in a hot place like in a hot
oven you kill the yeast and the dormant
oils so we leave this depending on how
hot or how cool the temperatures are the
dough might take a longer shutter time
to double in size so we let this sit
when you come back once it has doubled
in size the hungry dough has doubled in
size as you can see so now it's ready
for us to roll it out and provide it
into individual Mohammed
that's people needs to get rid of that
air
you divide the dough into equal roles
you can eyeball or you can measure
once you're done dividing meet them into
balls okay so once you've done it we're
going to roll this out and cut it into
small this chapati like and then cut it
into quarters
[Music]
[Music]
don't make it too filled
so we'll put this aside then I'll do the
same to the rest of the walls then we'll
fry it up fry them in hot oil don't
overcrowd them otherwise the egg will
become cold once they come up turn them
then for the hot oil to help them pass
evenly
[Music]
time once blow alongside and round them
on the other side
[Music]
Atlantic witchetty guys thank you so
much for hanging out you believe let me
know in the comment section which
recipes you did let me try yes I'm
taking requests
these tribes that are simply living oh
how it turns out like this video
[Music]