hey guys welcome back to my channel and
hello if you're new make sure that you
subscribe before you leave it that way
you are always notified every time I
upload a new video in today's video I'm
gonna be sharing with you guys this
super easy beer hair mask or hair rinse
or leave-in conditioner so basically
we're going to be putting beer in our
hair and I'm gonna show you guys the
results as well so first you're gonna
need a beer I'm using Heineken and what
you want to do is pour out the beer in a
bowl and leave it overnight to make it
go flat because if you don't make it go
flat it's going to stink a lot so you
want to leave that overnight or even two
days if you want to but this is what it
should look like afterwards it's totally
flat and D carbonated and then we're
going to be using this on our hair so
what I do is take a spray bottle and I'm
going to use a funnel and put it in my
spray bottle now you can definitely just
use this straight out of the bowl like
as the hair rinse right after you
shampoo or you can do it like I do where
I put it into the spray bottle and I
just spray it on my hair when it's dry
so you have two options of doing it next
I'm just going to brush out all my hair
all my knots and tangles and I'm gonna
show you guys what my hair looks like
before which is super frizzy dry and
just not a lot of life into it it's kind
of dull and what I'm gonna do is just go
ahead and spray that all over my hair
now why do you want to use beer on your
hair because it has natural ingredients
that help your hair so it adds a lot of
shine naturally it repairs damage it
gives your hair a ton of body it
tightens the hair cuticles and you can
spritz it and spray it on your hair or
you could use it as a rinse you want to
do it all over and saturate your hair
make it completely wet and I'd like to
do it on my roots and the ends and
everything it has a lot of proteins
which makes your hair stronger and it
repairs dry hair which is what I have
and I'm going to let this dry I'm gonna
let it air dry actually so you can
actually do this right after you shampoo
and then you just rinse your hair and
let it air dry and this is what it looks
like when it's wet so as you can see it
brought back a lot of the shine
it looks a lot healthier now after I let
it air-dry here's what it looks like the
finished results so it's a lot more
straighter it looks a lot healthier than
it did before I can run my fingers
through it it's light its flowy it's
bouncy I love it I hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you guys so much for
watching make sure you check out my
other videos because I have a bunch of
videos just like this one for you guys
and subscribe if you haven't already
I'll talk to you guys in my next one bye