[Music]
hey guys thanks for tuning in this is
Tracy's world I'm Tracy my friends call
me Willie and you call me really to be
my friend you know what it's getting
summertime hot outside I don't feel like
wearing my wig so you got me in my role
for those of you that don't know and
haven't been tuned in on my youtube
channel I have alopecia and I have
severe alopecia I'm 50 years old and I'm
completely bald and guess what I ain't
ashamed of it either anyway we are going
to cook today some salmon cakes BAM I
have some canned salmon here tell me
Salman's out here I have canned salmon
here
and I have some other ingredients that
I'm gonna put in so anyway guys I want
you come on take this journey with me
let's make some stomachaches
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right guys so what I did was I took
all the cerumen and if you notice there
is skin so you what you want to do is
make sure you get all the skin and see
that and the bone so you really this
type of salmon because it's wild-caught
you want to make sure that you pick
through it real good
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright guys so I have it all finished
and it here is the finished product
yeah I don't know but this thing cuz
this is my first time really well my
second time cooking themselves so let's
put a little bit
[Music]
I am anxious to see what it tastes like
if you hear some noise in the background
it's my airfryer because I'm still
cooking some oh my god
wait I'm good
yes oh yeah this is good guys I'm
telling you yeah
you can trace it in our toes I'm out too
when I put the mashed potatoes in here
you can't taste the mashed potatoes it's
not like it's a filler can't even tell
that there's mashed potatoes in here I
can taste the seasoning the onion and
the green pepper
but the mashed potatoes I can't taste
really good I like to go a lot in fight
to get my eating because I'm hungry but
this is it you guys gotta try this
recipe it's not hard
trust me I am NOT trying to cook
anything difficult if it's easy I'm
gonna try to cook it that's it thanks
for tuning in this is Tracy's world I'm
Tracy my friends call me Willie and to
be my friend you coming Willie - bye-bye
Oh like my video and subscribe to my
channel