I was going on you guys
yes I use a little bad because today I'm
going to be fun yet yet another put are
you get a dish or put humid you can't
recall this dish per se because is just
it's like a cookie or candy so yeah
today I'm going to be done you guys how
form a new set it go so blue tonic opal
is just as it might sound coconut candy
or you could also be seen as the coconut
cookie so it's a super simple it's three
ingredients for four if you choose the
optional one um and yeah so let's get
ready
hi guys let's go ahead and get sources I
don't know what action that was young
man so end of it alright so in this top
already we have two cups of shredded
sweetened coconut flakes next we're
going to be using a cup and top up brown
sugar I'm using light brown sugar here
and then we're also gonna be using one
cup of pour water one cup of water now
you're go ahead and make that I'm going
to go ahead and put our heat alright and
we're going to go ahead and start mixing
this up a little bit
three ingredients you can keep it as
simple as just that but you can also add
a half a teaspoon
I'm sorry a formula teaspoon of vanilla
extract the four recipe for this will be
down below just in case you don't get
all the measurements whatever and I'm
saying you can print it out the recipe
will be this down below so you're going
to keep it acts is three ingredients so
now I want to add a pinch of salt just
because everything is very sweet okay
now I'm going to go ahead and crank it
up to medium-high that's not a
medium-high it's already starting to
like bubble and boil I'm also just for
kicks I'm going to add small frequent
pinch ginger ground ginger and then I'm
just going to go ahead and that a little
bit this is not change we mix it as well
everything stickers up really she wants
us to sort of like boil softly you want
to be a like roaring boil and if it is
like super super high blow you want to
go ahead and lower the heat just a
little but as you can see everything
sort of like turning brown all the
sugars are kind of like making some of
the stuff clump up and that's what we're
looking for we boiled it until
everything is sort of like dry and
clumped up nicely together I guess I
have to shut off the heat and this is
what it looks like it's just like thick
like syrupy cocoa and this I'm going to
go ahead grab a spoonful and just lay it
on some parchment paper and what I like
to do the way I like mine is sort of
like flattened out a little bit like
that it could resemble more like a
cookie you get it work quickly with
these because they will harden up you
guys using after driving me nuts
what do you guys do to prevent max
because I mean I guess I guess one of my
bad things is that I actually put food
on the table and summertime and that go
crazy what are you guys do to keep the
natural way alright guys so it's time
for the face off cam now these this is
what it looks like it sort of looks like
a coconut like Florentine cookie it's so
amazing you guys it smells delicious too
let's go ahead and taste it mmm
oh yes it's so warm
you haven't even like set always and
it's still hey I made me so this is
amazing it's so much for watching don't
forget subscribe if you haven't already
I'll go with a little notification
saying we will miss anybody love the
food also tag now as soon as you make
this recipe or any of my other recipe
that would love to see what you made and
or share this simple if you haven't made
any other recipe so that that way people
can see how those degrees will give me
and yeah so maybe you guys so much for
watching again and I was talking very
soon