there's been a clamoring for people
wanting to know how to season a
cast-iron skillet we're going to take
care of that today there's two skills
that we're going to season today this is
a brand new one this is one that's been
abused there's two ways you can do it
you can do it in the oven or on the
stovetop for the new one I'm going to
I'm going to tell you how to do it in
the oven even though this is brand new
and it looks good you got that nice
finish on there you still want to season
it so what you're going to do is first
of all you're going to wash it with soap
and water now
I said wash it in soap and water only
one time that's the last time soap is
ever going to be used on this cast iron
skillet ever because that takes stuff
away okay so what you want to do has two
different different kinds of fat you can
use you even want to use olive oil can't
hold that much heat or even deep but we
like to use this is a rendered lard my
wife actually rendered this large woman
pig and proud of her if you would like
to learn how to make rendered lard
they'll have to be a clamoring and then
we'll show you how to do it and this is
what we're going to use today and this
is coconut oil so I'm not going to do it
but I'm going to show you for this one
this is a new one it's already been
washed with soap and water and white
clean the oven is at 350 degrees we're
going to put a thin coat with this you
take a paper towel which I'll show you
in a minute and right put a thin coat
around it put it in the oven for an hour
and that should do it when it comes out
you can wipe the film and stuff off it
and that's pretty much done let's move
on to this one this one is if you look
at it you can see this is an abused cast
iron skillet it's already hot way this
one actually got this way is if somebody
was seasoning it for God about it came
back and all the fat has been burned out
of it another way it can happen is if
you use soap and water or if you don't
dry it properly when you're done with
using a cast iron skillet let's say you
got scrambled eggs on or something like
that that's on there there's a couple
ways you can clean it number one is to
get a wire brush and water and get rid
of
that way or you want you can put salt
and newspaper in that can reckon we're
clean right there
now when you dry it don't wipe it clean
heat it clean so you put it on the stove
get it hot and then when you're done you
season it again let's do this one right
now I'm going to use the coconut oil and
I'm going to put as I said a thin layer
of oil on it that may be too much you
see how it's smoking it's going to smoke
so you might want to consider turning
off the smoke alarm okay I've done it a
couple times I'm going to do it again
because there's so much damage to this
what you're doing is you're burning the
fat into the pores of the skillet you're
burning the fat into the pores of the
skillet so you you it's like a heat fat
smoke cool heat fat smoke cool it's
heated now and put some more fat in it
thin layer
with a smoke
and you can see it's getting better
that's it