Christmas crunch muddy buddies are for
people like me who don't want to choose
a flavor I love chocolate but I also
love white peppermint bark and the two
collide in the best way in the snack mix
add in some more chocolate and pretzels
and you've got a gift or snack people
will come running for it they'll be
loading up by the fistful so grab a cup
of hot cocoa it's time to make some
magic and mrs. kringles kitchen hit the
red subscribe button and click the bell
to be notified when new videos go live
in a large bowl add 3 cups of vanilla
Chex cereal melt your baking or candy
melts in the microwave with oil for 15
second increments until smooth add the
melted chocolate to the cereal and
gently toss to coat keeping everything
intact then add half of your crushed
peppermint
[Music]
then the other half and toss gently to
coat in a zip-top bag add your divided
powdered sugar then carefully add your
cereal to the sugar zip it up and toss
gently to cope I like to run it through
a colander to break up the excess sugar
then spread it on a cookie sheet to dry
in another large bowl add three cups of
the cereal now mount your regular
chocolate with the oil in 15 second
increments in the microwave until smooth
drizzle the chocolate over the cereal
and gently toss to coat if you like you
can add some holiday sprinkles but
remember they're going to get coated
with sugar so there won't be as bright
toss to coat and the remaining powdered
sugar with one tablespoon of unsweetened
cocoa add some more of your sprinkles to
the zip top bag add your cereal to the
bag zip it up and gently toss to coat
add a few more sprinkles for good
measure run it through the colander to
remove the excess powdered sugar with a
gentle shake spread that batch out onto
a cookie sheet to dry now it's time for
the fun add a layer of one batch of
cereal then some candy coated chocolates
and chocolate-covered pretzels for your
preferred add-ins then layer with the
other flavor of cereal mix and repeat
with the add-ins and continue layering
until you have a full bowl Christmas
crunch muddy buddies give your holiday
gathering as a delicious and festive
kick from the cereal squares to the
chocolate candies and pretzels
it's truly addicting so you might not
want to set by the bowl if you're taking
it to work or school consider bagging
them as snack bags so that people can
grab and go
it makes a perfect gift too for the full
printable recipe head over to mrs.
Gringo's kitchen comm don't forget to
like comment and share the love with
your family and friends