hello everybody today the thousand-seat
family have made a special trip to
Grandma's house we're going to be trying
clotted cream today and we're going to
make scones with Grandma we're looking
forward to it everybody likes scones and
jam and cream right to special guest
today Addison from Seattle this is our
needs
Addison cruz and her brother our nephew
fin cruz and you might have met ron
before but this is Jason's mom Joyce hi
today we're going to make some oh
grandma has lots of different scone
recipes but I chose this one my friend
Cammie gave me and so first of all I
need you to pick up the bowl of flour we
have some flour and put it in this big
bowl okay good job Elliot and then
Addison would you like to put in the
sugar into the big bowl okay that's good
and so it is mix up our dry ingredients
okay mix that all up kind of clauses as
Elliot oh well it's really called a
pastry blender and this one used to be
my mom so when I was a little like you I
got to help her okay flash and we have
to get it all in there okay that's good
let the show out onto the board
[Music]
what we're going to happen to your role
so when I was in Australia visiting my
sister they pronounce it because of
their accent sconce and we in the United
States call them scones pizza cutter
because it makes it you need a cutter
takes time you take them now oh look
often delicate all right so in Devon
where our clotted cream is from its
proper if you put the clotted cream on
first and then their coffee access set
the space kick and first Atlanta box
what do you think I wiped up the clotted
cream is like ice cream alright so
clotted cream this stuff is really good
it's like a really nice thick whipped
cream but maybe a little bit of a butter
flavor and there's something just a
little different about it than normal
American cream that's really good and I
really love the strawberry preserve from
organ and my mom's scones I think we got
a hit on our hands all nice you like
Oh yummy
he's on that it's so tasty
so to be fair we're really ganking
wanting the cream to be the star but
grandma scones are pretty awesome
mom I preferred mind over this because
this is in the jar and see anyone just
had a fresher taste when you make it
from fresh cream but that it just tastes
like a whipping cream but it doesn't
have the fluffiness like some more dense
like that and hosting on the star and
tastes like whipped cream is useful
please would you go and say
[Music]
[Music]