welcome to watchmojo.com my name is
Elliot Cohen I'm a caterer and cooking
instructor and today I'm going to show
you how to grill vegetables all on the
grill I've got some very nice small
zucchini here that I've sliced down the
middle I've got a portabello mushroom a
mini eggplant that I've sliced in half
and something that a lot of people don't
think of grilling a tomato I'm using an
Italian Aroma tomato because the fleshy
part on the outside is a lot thicker
than a normal tomato I've got my grill
on Med high heat I'm going to Splash a
little bit of extraversion olive oil not
too much just lightly coat them give
them a little
toss have a little mixture here of salt
and pepper if you want you can add fresh
herbs I like to keep the vegetable
simple let the flavors speak for
themselves and now these are ready to go
on to my medium Hot Grill the zucchini
are the most dense and we'll take the
longest about 10 minutes the eggplant
probably in about 5 to 7 Minutes Porta
Bill mushroom about 5 minutes what you
want to do with the tomatoes is get a
nice crispy surface area turn them over
and then remove them from the grill CU
at a certain point that water and seeds
in the middle is going to sort of turn
to Mush and you want to avoid your
tomato sort of falling
apart okay so now we're going to look
and see how these vegetables are doing
it's important to do that cuz we don't
want to overcook them and this is the
way you want your tomatoes to look nice
and charred have that little bit of
crispiness even even a little bit burnt
on the top those are going to stay on
for maybe another minute or two larger
grills have this second level so I'm
going to take those and move them
upstairs until the other stuff is
ready take a look at our eggplant nice
and golden going to let those cook
through on the other side and the
portella mushroom as well just getting a
little bit crispy take a look at our
zucchini very very nice what's nice
about the grill is these vegetables are
getting caramelized they're getting
crispy and um we eat with our eyes so
they're going to be even more appetizing
when they've got that color on them this
portabella mushroom is starting to get a
little bit soft it's cooked for about 4
5 minutes I'm going to put that upstairs
the eggplant I'm just going to quickly
touch you can see there's no resistance
there so I'm going to place these into
my warming oven at 200Â° and add the
zucchini to these in a couple of minutes
when they're done going to add them to
my little plate here put these back in
the oven just remove them when we're
ready to serve our main course