welcome to justice master TV this is
training Thursday so I'm here to show
you what we did last Tuesday which was
how to get the horse off the forehand so
Montana
this everybody Montana you guys know
Montana Montana how would you think you
should get a horse off beforehand if the
horse is really heavy well firstly how
do you know if the horse is on the
forehead they like pulling down
downwards on you like they feel sort of
heavy yeah I like that plowing down so
you want them to be like plowing down
which I find that Zoey likes to plow
down quite a bit
good good he'll be good at showing horse
alright so if it when you feel him
plowing and when you feel him heavy what
do you do I just push him more forward
from behind to push him sort of out of
where he is because he's tucked behind
so I try and push him forward out of
that and just half pulse of a little bit
upwards like to bring up like hey I want
you back up here and then just keep half
holding half holding yeah until I can
relax and he doesn't then go I'm gonna
plow down again okay so can we just get
the camera closer can you show to the
camera how you have out so if I was
going to the left I'd be a little to the
right I would go half halt then so bring
back release bring back and when I
release its leg on when I release and
then half hot again to stop the move
like not stop the movement but stop him
from just running forward through my
hand and how effective do you think that
started jeez I think it's really
effective just sometimes I like to
ignore that so you have to really like
be persistent and keep doing it and then
be a lot more stronger if he ignores you
can I get some feedback yeah cool so
what I was taking everyone on Tuesday is
to actually be sharper than what you
just showed so I'll just use it you can
be the man you can hang on to that but
I'm quite in the canvas here
um I'm quite hey get up off off and then
I'm softening again and I'm but I met
can't really uncomfortable they are
making your wrists move whereas you
should show the camera again what you
showed yeah that's not really having
much movement yeah the horse is probably
going to be happier to sit on that
rather than that yeah yeah so we'll go
out and play with that does he do it
more in the walk the trot or the canter
um I think it tends to do it quite a bit
in the trot and I can oh he can get just
really really strong the walk is not too
bad
yeah so let's look at the chart good so
what most people will be doing at home
is trying to get the horse deeper and
round up yep so he doesn't look like
he's heavy yet and on the forehand yep
so you don't need to be using that
outside rein like that you want to keep
a steady outside rein use your inside
leg and bring him on to the bed
yep longer round the deeper use your
legs legs into hand and stretch your
neck down neck needs to be longer good
more forward more forward yeah good and
then canter yep make sure it's the 20
meter circle hit the long side what
she's making a circle too small he's
dictating where he wants to go look up
see you're still not hitting your long
side make your circle full 20 meters
sitting trot yep then ask the horse to
canter three two one pop good forward
forward forward
yep outside reining forward outside
running forward good and get him round a
longer and deeper yeah so he doesn't
look like he's getting on the forehand
today because he's still not stretching
to the contact no of course not you can
try make sure your circles 20 metres
he's going where he wants to go you're
not teaching him where that he has to go
where you need to go trot yes
yeah and then just walk you can just
help that yeah and just keep trotting so
trust that helps again we have a horse
that I'm not really helping us show you
guys what's happening but as Montana
said that's the biggest thing I think
riders make that they do have fault but
not quick enough so make sure it's quick
and softening so the horse goes I don't
want to sit on that rather than you know
just holding the horse's head so test
that helps and I'll see you guys next
week