peelaway is the professional's choice
for removing multi-layers of old paint
from a variety of surfaces and
substrates peelaway is often
architecturally specified and is
regularly used on restoration work where
damage to the surface or risk to the
environment is of
concern the speed of a traditional paint
stripper is sometimes a false economy
whilst the paint stripper may seem to
work quickly the old paint must be
scraped away as the product is working
which can be a timeconsuming process
multi-layers of paint will usually need
repeated
applications the use of hot guns and
sanding may also not be advisable due to
high levels of fumes and dust in
pre-1960s properties the paints used may
contain lead which can cause an even
greater health risk when the fumes and
dust are released into the
environment using a chemical paint
stripping product such as pway 1 to
remove old lead based paints is an
excellent choice pway 1 converts the
lead into lead hydroxide and prevents
harmful lead particles being released
into the
environment there may also be safety
concerns especially when using High
solvency paint
strippers peel away paint removal
systems are effective in a wide variety
of situations and can save hours of
Labor time and cost once the surface has
been coated up pway Works away releasing
you to work on other parts of the
project the pooa paint stripping system
is methylin chloride free which
encompasses the use of a ptis this
extends the life of the stripping action
by slowing any drying out it also
protects others from contact with the
stripping chemicals and helps to
simplify the cleaning up
process before starting your project
you should make sure you have the right
product for the job each paint removal
job will have different paint types and
thicknesses Martine provide test packs
to help you choose which of our products
is the right one to use for your
situation peow way 1 is intended to
strip multiple layers of older oil and
lead-based
paints new safer pelway 7 is for
stripping multiple layers of modern oil
and water-based paints we cannot
overstate the importance of carrying out
test patches before progressing to a
full paint stripping program the test
patches will also help you assess how
thickly to apply and how long to leave
the product before
removal if you have problems getting the
test patches to work or have any other
questions about your project please
contact us contact details are available
at the end of this presentation once you
have established that peel away
successfully strips the Coatings you're
trying to remove and you have purchased
the appropriate product we strongly
recommend a larger test patch is done to
confirm the time and thickness the paste
needs to be left on
for before you start you must protect
any vulnerable surfaces by taping up and
covering with sheeting around the area
to be stripped pay particular attention
to walls and floors below where you are
stripping as there may be liquid runoff
from the stripped paint also Alo take
care to follow the safety instructions
on the
container both products can be applied
with a spatula included in each
pack brush pork and Trel or specialist
spray
equipment apply to the thickness
determined by your test patches covering
a manageable area at a time as you apply
peel away you must pause to apply the
Special cover that comes with each
product to simplify the cleaning up
process as the product completes
reacting with the paint it will dry back
onto the blanket leaving only a residue
on the surface to be washed off it is
important that you apply as much product
as you are able to easily remove at the
end of the stripping Time and Regular
checking is needed to see how the
stripping process is
[Music]
progressing peel back a small section of
the cover and paste with a spatula to
check the surface then carefully
replace sometimes it is better to leave
the product on a bit longer even if it
has finished stripping to allow the
drying out process to continue so that
more of the residue of paint and paste
adhere to the blanket once the peel away
paint stripper and blanket has been
removed cleaning up can begin paying
careful attention that the protection
put in place at the start is sufficient
to cope with any
[Music]
runoff cleaning up can be achieved by
using a bucket and sponge water spray
and Rags low press jet wash or
hose when using peel away 1 applying the
neutralizer towards the end of the
cleanup is essential once applied and
allowed to dry use pH testing strips to
make sure the surface is pH
neutral as a further precaution an alkal
resistant primer is recommended to be
used as a base coat if
repainting whilst the Poway system is
ideal for ornate and intricate work pway
is also successfully used on Industrial
projects
large surface areas can be stripped and
the cleanup process can be achieved much
quicker using a jet wash if a jet wash
is to be used care must be taken not to
allow any runoff to contaminate the
ground or water
courses peel away is often used by
Engineers on Pipeline sections in
preparation for welding repair or simply
repainting in summary some of the
benefits of Peel away are as far
pway removes multiple layers of paint
pway is safer than traditional paint
strippers pway is methylene chloride
free the Poway system helps to prevent
lead particles escaping into the
environment peel away eliminates the
risk of fire Associated from burning off
paint and also the health risk from old
paint fumes peelaway is trusted by
professional trade Personnel in is often
architecturally specified and has been
used on a number of prestigious projects
such as the British museum grenwich
Palace London
Underground the Victoria and Albert
Museum Buckingham
Palace great py Street bath