now we're going to water plants an
amazing thing we're finally going to
water plants now when you're going to
water a plant you want to check the soil
first you can do this by sticking a
little skewer into the soil and see if
it's wet or dry how it feels this one
feels nice and dry you can do it by
using a spoon
and stick that down in there this is
nice and dry it doesn't stick together
so we've decided that it's ready to
water
when you water it
we're going to pour the water slowly
a little at a time
one two a little bit of water there
we're going to want to see
how much water comes out in the liner
I've got about a quarter of an inch of
water in the bottom of the pot and I can
check that also using my little probe as
a dipstick just stick it down in there
and see how much water is there
about a quarter of an inch of water down
in there that's a good amount of water
to keep a plant
a normal sized plant in medium light
quarter an inch to a half an inch will
keep it for a week
um if you want to go longer between your
watering you pour a little bit more so
you get a half an inch to an inch of
water in the bottom and that'll keep it
for two weeks
so that's when your plant is ready to
water
um checking the soil I can see that it's
very wet when I pinch it the water
actually drips out of it
so that's very wet you're not going to
put any more water into that plant as a
matter of fact you're going to check it
and see if there's water in the liner
left over from the last watering and
indeed there is you can put your
dipstick down inside
that's coming up about that much water
now you don't want your plant to sit in
water that long that means it didn't use
the water you gave it the last time you
need to get rid of that water you can
use a turkey baster
you stick it right down in there
I mean obviously if you have a small
plant you can just pick it up and dunk
it out in the sink but if you have a
larger plant that's too heavy you can
use a turkey baster
and you can siphon up all that water out
of there get that extra water out of
there and then just let it go ahead and
dry out for another okay now here's
another plant this one is direct potted
so we can't look in the liner but we can
feel this soil it's moist
you can feel that it's sticking together
but it's not squeezing out any water so
that you know that it's okay to water
you're going to need to water it less
than you watered at the time before so
if you just jot it down somewhere how
much water you put on it before if you
put a cup of water on it for instance
maybe this time of water it will only
put a half a cup of water on it so
that's a good idea to jot down the
amount of water you're using on your
plants so that you know until until you
know after a while you'll get to know so
the important thing is to always check
the soil so you know whether you need to
water or not and if the plant is so dry
that it's wilted
then you know you didn't put enough
water on it the last time so you're
going to want to add half again as much
as you put on the time before so that's
a basic in a nutshell tiny nutshell
plant watering 101