hey everybody its Derek here again
appoints the light and I wanted to show
you some of our incredible breathtaking
medium-range quartz points that we just
got in from the Tucson show and we got a
lot of these and we hand-picked each one
for their exquisite beauty and I like to
just kind of show them off now they're
well priced too I think that for this
range it's really getting hard to find
very clear clear
mid-range quartz points that are
polished for a decent price and we have
we have a pretty good selection so just
panning around here you can see the
things that we looked for when we bought
these were clarity really bright
inclusions and just a general overall
symmetry to a lot of the points that
really looks good displayed on a desktop
or on an entrance for where meditation
altered or shrine and you can find all
these usually under quartz points on the
website at big coarse calm so definitely
check out our new arrivals section check
out the big quartz section and thanks a
lot