[Music]
hi I'm Kitty and I'm Jennifer and we're
the oal sisters and we're celebrating
the 50th birthday of mod podge with a
really fun decoupage project we're going
to show you how to decupage on glass
jars we'll show you everything you need
to decupage on glass we'll show you how
to apply the mod pod to the images so
you can put them inside the glass and we
have a special tip we're going to share
for decoupaging with larger images like
backgrounds and if you have any
questions while you're working on your
jars go ahead and leave us a comment and
we'll reply we're here to help let's get
started to decapage the jar you'll need
to get a jar and you want to pick out
one you can fit your hand inside of and
you also need some pretty papers because
we're going to cut images out from the
papers these are just scrapbook papers
you'll also need Mod Podge scissors some
masking tape a pencil and a craft
paintbrush the first step is to cut out
images out of the scrapbook paper that
you want to use on your jar and we like
to use little delicate scissors like
this for the little detail work you can
use manicure scissors or just small
scissors and we went ahead and cut out
the images that we liked already just so
we can get started we cut out a bird to
be in the center of our design and we
cut out some butterflies and flowers and
then we also o made some Branch shapes
they just look like s's here but we're
going to use them as branches and we
just did that out of green paper and so
what we want to do is mock up a design
maybe this is like a branch here oh that
looks good and that's a little extra
branch and then we can put the bird on
the branch and then the flowers and
things they don't actually have to be
attached to the branch they can just be
visually near the
branch like that same with the leaves
here make room for a leaf here yeah it
makes it look a little more modern yeah
and then we can put some
butterflies around like that pretty and
what we're going to do is make the
design in a straight line so it'll go
around the
jar in a straight line and so this gives
us a guideline for how we want our
design to
look we're almost ready to start doing
our decoupaging but first we want to do
a little trick to help us with our
design and what we're going to do is
take masking tape and mask off the top
and bottom of our jar and the idea there
is that the masking tape is going to
help us stay Within These sort of
guidelines so I'm just going to wrap
that around the
top we'll do it around the bottom too
this is going to just give us a an area
to work within on the inside of the jar
and then we'll just pull the tape off
when we're
done there we
go that great perfect so now we know
that this is where we want to put our
images we're going to work on the inside
of the jar here and before we put our
first image in we want to see that
there's a a seam here there's a seam on
the other side so I've got it set here
so I'm going to work here so the seam is
not going to be in the middle of the
image and the first item we want to
decupage is our bird cuz that's our
Central image the bird is going to be on
the inside here and all the other images
are going to go behind it and layer
behind it if we were decoupaging on the
outside we'd start with the back pieces
first the branch would go first and then
the bird but because we want to work on
the inside the bird goes first and to
decopage you take your Mod Podge which
is the craft paint brush and you put a
layer on the front of the
image and we like to use a little more
Mod Podge than You' think you'd want to
use and that just helps with wrinkles it
kind of keeps the wrinkles out yeah and
we'll be pressing all this extra Mod
Podge out of the way so it will dry
clear and here's my bird Mod Podge is on
the top of the bird because we're going
inside like I said and I'm just going to
find where whoop don't drop your
bird I'm G to find where I want the bird
to go this is why I wanted a jar that my
hand fit inside of I've got the birds
sitting up right there that looks great
and I just press it up against the glass
and then I want to take more Mod Podge
on the brush and brush the back of the
bird so decapage you do both sides of
the image the front and the back and the
Mod Podge will dry clear so don't worry
that you're seeing um white brush
Strokes on the glass or that you're
seeing them in front of the bird don't
worry about that at all and then I like
to go back in with my finger and just
make sure that that image is pressed up
against the glass that way if there's a
pocket of mod podge or a wrinkle I can
press it out right now press out air
bubbles to yes that's good so that bird
looks great and so the next thing we
want to do is take another piece from
the design and the branch would be great
to do next because it goes behind the
bird and then it tells us where we want
to put the other items the flowers and
butterflies and the branch we're going
to do the same way we're going to take
the mod podge and put it on the front if
you have trouble with your jar rolling
around you can set it on a bag of beans
oh yeah that's a good trick like a real
bag of beans or rice that works well we
put a little glue dot underneath it but
it's kind of still wiggling around so
I've got my Mod Podge on the front of my
branch and I'm just going to reach
inside the jar and press the branch up
against the
glass and this is where those guidelines
really help me so that I know that I'm
in between the top and the bottom in the
section where I want the branch to be CU
otherwise you could easily get outside
that section yes and then I'm going to
paint the back like I did with the
bird and this doesn't have to be neat
and tidy all of this is going to dry
clear that's one of the things we love
about decupage is it's very forgiving
and then I'm press it like I did with
the bird press this
side you can see there's a little bit of
a pocket there yeah so it's there it's
got shifted a little bit so that was
good that I went in there and pressed on
it that looks great so we're just going
to keep going this way we'll take the
flower next for example and put it on
same way decopage the front press it
paint the back until we have our whole
design laid out inside of the jar
we decaged all the images to the inside
of the jar and if you want you could
stop right there and let the Mod Podge
go ahead and dry clear and that would be
beautiful but we decided we wanted to
put a pretty image behind our bird and
our flowers so we picked out this very
pretty handwriting paper um that's a
kind of decupage paper and what we did
was we wrapped it around the jar to get
the length right marked it with a pencil
and cut it to fit within our little
guidelines and now we're ready to
decupage that behind our bird so when we
did the other images we put the Mod
Podge right on the front of the bird and
the flowers and things and then put them
inside the jar this page is really too
big to get it completely wet with mod
podge and then try to get it inside the
jar it's just a mess to try to do that
so we discovered that a better way is to
paint a layer of mod podge inside the
jar and this is another example where
the guidelines that we put there with
the masking tap really help so I can see
right where I want to put all of this
Mod Podge I'm going right over the
images that we had there
before and I just want to put a pretty
healthy layer the mod this uh decopage
paper that we bought is very tissue like
it's made expressly for doing decoupage
that's our sticky that we put on there
to keep it from rolling around Y and so
it's going to wrinkle a little bit when
it gets wet with the mod podge and using
more Mod Podge helps it unwrinkle
believe it or not it kind of softens the
paper exactly and then you're able to
press the wrinkles
out and then don't worry if you get some
Mod Podge up in other parts of the glass
jar it peels off so I've almost got my
complete layer in here we like using a a
nice wide flat craft paint brush for
this project cuz it makes the decupage
and go quick goes nice and fast so
that's all completely white inside you
can see I've got all my Mage in there I
want the seam to go at the back so I'm
just going to coil this
around so that it's smaller than the
inside I'm going to let it uncoil on the
inside and then I'm going to line it up
with our guidelines so I've got it down
there at the bottom I can see through
the
glass lined up there this why I wanted
my hand to fit inside the jar and it's
nice and wet in there from the mod part
so I can move this page around a little
bit if I need to I'm just pressing
lightly to see if it's where I want
it looks great yeah it really gives a
nice background to our design and then
I'm going to do another layer of mod
podge on the back of that piece of paper
all the way
around that'll help hold it in place and
really make it truly decoupaged onto the
jar and it helps moisten that paper so
that we can press without any
wrinkles so I'm just going to go all the
way around little spot the these little
extra right there and then now that I
have a layer all the way around I'm
going to reach in with my finger and I'm
just going to press I'm I'm making this
motion inside the jar pressing up
against the scrap of paper and I can see
I'm pushing bubbles out it's pressing
the paper flat up against the jar so we
don't have any gaps when it dries
that'll give you good adhesion too so
I'm just going to do that all the way
around the inside of the jar and then we
can remove the masking tape and our
little decapage jar will be
done our decapage jars are done and we
think they turned out great remember if
you have any questions or comments while
you're working on your jars you can
leave us a comment we'd love to hear
from you and if you liked this video be
sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel
WE Post new craft videos every week
happy crafting
[Music]