hi everyone it's Danny so I'm here with
Sophie welcome hello and she's agreed to
do a little tutorial for teenage makeup
with me I met Sophie probably about a
month ago I think I think so and her and
her mom um had been watching these
tutorials on YouTube and then her mom
actually bought the lesson I I think it
was as a surprise or was it a birthday
present surprise birthday present it was
a very sweet
16 so they came here for a joint lesson
and oh my God it was a lot of fun and
then we decided to do a little tutorial
because lots of you have been asking me
on some um tips and tricks on how to do
makeup specifically for teenage girls
and I thought it would be a lot better
to have a real teenage girl here as
opposed to like doing it all myself so
um yeah we're going to talk through some
hints and tips most of the stuff that
I'm going to be using is going to be
drugstore the idea is that you don't
have to spend a ridiculous amount of
money it's more about using the products
in the right kind of way so yeah without
further Ado we're just going to get
started okay so we are going to start
off with skin I'm going to put your hair
back a little bit and you can use
whatever moisturizer you normally use I
am actually going to use Mac's um oil
control lotion I know I just said that I
using mainly drugstore products this
isn't but it's a really really really
good like primer and moisturizer for
skin that is kind of breakout
prone and it absorbs super
quickly and it is I don't think it's
100% hypoalergenic cuz it does have a
little bit of scent in it but it's just
super light and fantastic just use any
kind of light moisturizer that you would
normally
use and then we're going to go and I've
got two found foundations here which I
think you will be one of one of them
this is the vir healthy mix serum
Foundation the serum version so it's the
gel version and I am going to be using a
pre-wetted beauty blender to um apply it
and this is I would say medium coverage
normally just going to test it
on your chin
first just here that's
perfect so when you're buying Foundation
always test it just here on the side of
your neck so that it matches just a lot
of people's face and neck is a
completely different color so it's good
to just Swatch it here so that you don't
see like a massive orange line here or
if you buy a foundation that's way too
light then you're going to see like a
big um big line there as well so we are
going to use the 52 vanilla and I'm just
going to put it on the back of my hand
and use the beauty blender now the
reason why I'm using this is I want
really sheer coverage because Sophie
actually has very beautiful skin there's
a couple of little breakouts that we're
going to cover
afterwards but if you do get breakouts
it's better to mostly do a nice and
sheer foundation and then just lightly
cover the breakouts as opposed to like
caking yourself in Foundation I think
you Sophie told me before that you used
to do that at some point yes I did
no
more
freedom everybody's done it at some
point I have for sure as well turn your
face a little bit this way thank
you now we're going to use a concealer
now I think for me one of the best ways
of doing concealer is actually using a
full coverage Foundation I am going to
mix these two this is the visha VY Derma
blend and this is like a super full
coverage Foundation but it's a lot more
natural than um for example if you're
using like a really cakey like a stick
concealer that can often cake on too
much so and these are at least here in
France these are like1 15 each and as a
concealer this is going to last you
until you're I don't know 55 I guess at
least you might not want it then so you
just put the tiniest amount on the back
of your hand and I know that she's
probably going to be a combination of
these two so I'm just mixing it on the
back of my hand
and I am going to use a fluffy brush
this is the Mac 224 you could use the
sigma equivalent most of the brushes
that I'm going to use are Sigma brushes
actually cuz they are super
inexpensive so with
the um fluffy brush I'm essentially just
kind of buffing in over the areas where
there's foundation so there's no actual
line to where the concealer ends and
where
the very light Foundation begins so it
just like covers super lightly if
there's like a tiny tiny bit that you
want a little bit more coverage in I
just put a tiny tiny bit more on it and
then just buff the edges but when you're
using a fluffy brush it just makes the
whole application a lot more I don't
know
seamless I guess cuz a lot of people
will be using I'll show you like using a
brush like like this this is actually an
urban dek brush requires a lot more
experience to get that really smooth
whereas a fluffy brush like this you
don't need to be expert at concealing
cuz you can just buff it in and it's
amazing how it gets rid of everything
and also because if you have a tendency
to break out there'll be like little red
areas around that are not actually spots
at all it's just a little bit of redness
it's brilliant for that as well I am
going to use the Garder rollon um this
is anti- dark circles so cuz obviously
people do tend to get dark circles no
matter what age so you don't need to
worry too much about under eye wrinkles
but if you're staying up late studying
or going out friends are not studying
but staying up late
anyways um it's good to be able to cover
the dark circles and the garer one is
like super light and stays on pretty
much all day long I'm just keeping um
the same brush that I had on my hand
before you don't need to buy tons of
different brushes to do makeup in fact
I'm going to try and use as little
brushes as possible there are certain
things that are great to invest in I'm
also taking the concealer all the way to
the inner corner like this part cuz
that's often if you're tired that's the
super dark
area this is actually a finished
drugstore product I like there's a lot
of different kinds of drugstore products
in this this is just a close your eyes
please
and a um primer for the eyelids and it
kind of evens out the tone but every
single brand pretty much nowadays has
one it's just to make your eyes Shadow
last longer not crease and it does
unify the um skin tone a little bit
because most of us have slightly darker
eyelids than the rest of our face so
it's nice to even it out I am going to
use some color tattoos Maybelline color
tattoos and I was contemplating between
the pomegranate pink which is beautiful
or the this is bad to the bronze and I
think we're going to go bad to the
bronze because it's kind of like it's a
really pretty glowy look that we're
going to go for so I'm going to take a
sigma brush this is the
E55 ey shading brush so yeah we're going
to use bad to the bronze and I'm going
to use the sigma
E55 and the way we're going to do it is
I'm just going to close your eyes please
I'm just going to put it on the moving
part of the
eyelid and you just do kind of very very
light
Strokes build it up
slowly I'm going to take the sigma
e35 close your eyes and I'm just going
to blend the edges now important with
any ey Shadow is leave a little bit so
all of this skin is pretty much bare and
it doesn't matter how intense you go on
the color on the moving part of the lid
but if you leave that there it just cre
keeps the look a lot fresher so we're
going to do the other eye so if you um
turn your head a little bit that
way and open your eyes look at me great
so when she's got her eyes open you can
see it a little bit but not too much and
then when you close your eyes you can
see the shadow a whole lot more I'm
going to use
a what is it a little pencil brush this
is also from Sigma and I'm just going to
put a tiny bit under your eyes look up
for
me I'm not going to do your whole lash
line I'm just going to do kind of like
the outer corner
fabulous thank you very much so that
would be like the easiest possible
eyeshadow you could ever do is just do
that curl your lashes and you're ready
to go I am going to use a tiny tiny bit
of a darker color so I'm using the wet
and wild comfort zone palette this is an
amazing palette like you get eight
colors for almost no money do you have
this as well cuz you're not that I saw
when you did your tutorial it's a lovely
palette cool I love the colors it's just
amazing cuz you can do tons of different
looks with this and I am going to use
it's called the crease color so I will
be actually using it on the crease this
is just like a medium brown kind of
color it has a tiny bit of Shimmer in it
but it's not like super glittery Shimmer
is great full on glitter usually tends
to fall off your face too much so be
more careful with that so close your
eyes and I am just going in the Lash
line and in the outer corner you can
start kind of building an outer V but
don't do too much of a v because it's
completely like it's that requires more
practice and a badly done V is more more
unattractive than no V at all so I'm
just kind of deepening
the this isn't even the outer half maybe
it's the outer half outer third outer
half and it is a little bit of a V shape
onto the side but it's kind of following
totally the kind the natural Contour of
the socket not extending it not lifting
it up look at me perfect thank you and
the other ey and it just deepens it ever
so
slightly the cream color serves as an
amazing base so
it kind of intensifies any color that
you're
using and you can do this like this kind
of a color combination by using a medium
color on the main part of lid and
slightly darker one on the outer corner
it's not too garish so you're not going
to look like you know you're going to a
Halloween party when you're matching it
totally tone on tone C for
me and I'm just doing the same kind of
slight L richer Browner
color on both and again you could leave
it at that and not put on liner we're
going to put on the tiniest amount of
liner I'm going to use the L'Oreal Paris
what is this called gel intensa eyeliner
in black and this is like the Mac fluid
line completely the same concept and the
reason why I'm using this is um a lot of
the time girls will either be using kind
of like a pencil type liner or a do I
have one here yeah a kind of like a
liquid type liner and both of those are
a lot more difficult to use than a gel
liner so it's much better if you're
practicing on how to do a line use a gel
liner it's easier to control and the end
result is better and also the L'Oreal
one I think the Maybelline one as well
comes with its own little eyeliner brush
so it's brilliant you get the actual
eyeliner brush with
it so get your brush
in really
well and then I like to mix it on the
back of my hand as well just to make
sure there's no clumps and then close
your eye and this isn't a kind of
dramatic eyeliner look so I'm actually
just kind of smudging it on the Lash
line and the important thing here is um
you
just ecent the root of the lashes
not really creating a like definite
line and so really smudge it into the
Lash line cuz there's nothing worse this
is a mistake a lot of people do with a
pencil is they line the upper lash line
with a pencil but then there like a gap
between the lashes and the liner and it
just looks horrible so it's more
important to get it into the Lash line
first and then you can kind of work on
making the line better but this is a
super smudged one so we're not going to
go for liner look so open your eyes and
look just
here look at
me so I'm going to clean up under the
eyes now I'm using the beauty blender
and just cleaning out any of the
Fallout it's really important you don't
powder before um you're finished with
the ey
Shadow so that you're just left with a
much tidier look so this is and a very
this is the only tool that I would tell
you to invest money in please um eyelash
gers you can ask somebody for for them
as a birthday present as a Christmas
present anything these are shoe and more
eyelash curlers and they cost a lot of
money I think these are about
€30 but having said that it's good to
invest in really really good ones they
will last you forever and also you won't
risk pinching your eyelid so look down
for me because if you buy cheap
ones you're only going to end up with
really horrible L-shaped lashes and also
they often pinch you fabulous thank
you and then we're going to use a uh
Maybelline fils this is fake falsies I
think in um this is FAL seed yeah it is
FAL seed in in America nice little
bottle it's so cute and this is one of
my most most favorite mascaras ever look
down for me it builds amazing
lashes and it stays on all day long it
doesn't smudge it doesn't run well it
will run if you cry a lot but that's
this is not waterproof but they do have
a waterproof version of it but in actual
fact this is my my favorite version
I don't know what it is about waterproof
mascaras but they just never add as much
folting I'm going to powder with a bouro
powder this is called flower Perfection
and this is like one of those HD style
powders that is so super fine and it's
actually a little bit pink it doesn't
come out pink on your skin and
unfortunately I don't have a cheap
version of this brush this this is a
Paris Berlin number the number has worn
off brush it's just a very small powder
brush and I personally like this the
less I powder the
better I don't like it when skin is too
powdery but I'll always powder under the
eyes the nose around the
nose like here when you just
powder if I just powder here that's
where it gets really oily and that's a
tell tile sty of like grease breaking
through there we
go thank you and then wherever you put
on concealer you can just like lightly
powder over
it this is the
NYC uh smooth skin bronzing face powder
and it's great because it doesn't have
too much Shimmer and if you want to use
it for contouring something without
Shimmer is much better and I'm using a
sigma large angled Contour brush and
basically just get the tip of it in
don't get the whole tip because this
will help you Contour a little bit as
well and then the bristles that are
clean will help you blend and I'm going
to start here at just under the
cheekbones and I'm just going to do kind
of like a vshape
in then under the chin and onto the
forehead on the forehead I'm going to
put a little bit
more but this is super super light if
you if you want a completely bronz look
you would basically use a very big brush
but I don't want to go too bronze with
this so we're just being super light
this is one of my favorite blushes for
anybody any age in the world it's a
Milani blush and it's called luminous
and it's beautiful it has it's very
similar to nars's orgasm but this
probably cost like a tenth of the price
not even so yeah I don't have a great
drug store blush brush so I'm just going
to use the Mac brush and the easiest way
like a common mistake that I see people
do with blush is they start here and
then they put tons of product like right
in the middle of the cheek and that is
really difficult to correct so I like to
start where I start um bronzer as well
so here and the hollow of your
cheek and just blush up essentially so
you blushing up the tempo and towards
the center of the face so I kind of do
one that way one that way and one down
and then over here you don't get like
too much of concentration if you want to
use a highlighter Top Shop does a great
dup for nar's multiples that are crazy
expensive this one is called prism and
it just highlights beautifully it's
super easy to use so you just dab it
on and blend it and so it's nice to put
here on the tops of your cheekbones I
sometimes put a little bit on the bridge
of the nose CU it gives a nice Sheen
don't take it all the way to the tip of
the nose because CU then that will kind
of translate as oily and also a nice
little trick is just to put a tiny bit
of that on your Cupid bow that is a
trick that Victoria Secret models do all
the
time we're almost there I'm just going
to put some brow
gel I am very happy that you have left
your brows alone so if you get
individual like little hairs in between
do pluck them but leave the shape alone
because the shape is great and there's a
lot of uh women that were young ladies
in the 90s and now regret it terribly
because all the eyebrows were so plucked
I'm going to add a little tiny bit of
color into the eye makeup this is by no
means something that you need to do this
is a great way of playing with color is
if you want to add color to your eye
makeup you're not 100% sure how to do it
um pencils are a great way to do it
because you don't have to worry about
blending blue or green or purple
eyeshadow which can be a little bit
difficult I think I'm going to go for
the really light blue one look up for me
um because it really brightens up your
eyes but learning how to
do you know bright blue eyes Shadow well
is an art in itself and also probably
takes way too long like on a school
morning but this one is just an easy and
quick way to add some
color here we go and then I'm I'm going
to use on the lips I'm going to use a
chubby stick this is a what color is
this this is something oh fresh morning
number 14 it's actually kind of like a
peachy sorbet kind of
color so these chubby sticks they're
brilliant I love them every brand does
their own version and they stain your
lips and they give you a little bit of
gloss so they're super easy to use so
thank you so much for watching and thank
you Sophie so much for coming here
you're welcome thank you
and uh if you have any questions for me
or if you have any questions or comments
for Sophia as well write them in the
comment box below and I shall make sure
she receives them too and um yeah you
can ask anything about how to choose
Foundation or what would suit what color
eyes or whatever so anyways um please
remember to comment rate subscribe like
you know all of that good stuff and
like and uh I shall see you again very
very soon thanks for watching see you
soon bye