today we're going to take this beat up
damaged vanity and give it a
makeover it's thermal foil which also
called melamine it's a plastic shell
vacuum formed over particle board and
they always get damaged cracked split
warp so we're just going to remove it
the shell pops right off easily with a
heat gun the heat will soften the
plastic soften the glue and it it really
just peels right off so smoothly if you
do feel any tightness or pulling do not
force it off you will damage that
particle board so just keep the heat on
until you feel it give and
release so the rest of the cabinet to be
painted will we need to clean it and
we're going to use crud cutter this
particular client wants us to go
interior and I normally don't do that
unless requested and we are today so I'm
just using cred cutter and wiping giving
it a good wipe down
everywhere we're going to micro roll so
the first thing is get the fuzzies off
that nap uh we don't want any particles
stuck in our paint and I just remove it
with simple
tape we going to Prime first you just
Prime right on that pressed particle
board use a a low load roll you don't
want heavy drips and
sags and whatever that nap can't hit or
reach we're going to just use a brush
give it a good coat once that primer
dries you're going to go right to
painting and we're same way with a nap
roller nice tight uh nice smooth finish
micro roll it we're using an enamel
paint and this is a
latex it's a satin
Sheen and once that
dries we're going to glaze it antique it
so looking at the vanity top the
countertop we're going to mix our glaze
to match the veining in that and I'm
just using Remnant paint 50% paint to
50% glaze and this is oilbased
I prefer oil based for antiquing cab
again Remnant paint you saw I mixed a
couple colors this is just to uh perfect
my
color and because this is a oil
base I use mineral spirits or paint
thinner and kind of wet the cabinet
around where I'm going to be glazing and
this gives me a nice smooth uh run with
the glaze and I'm you could see I'm not
worrying about getting it around the
outside of the lines because I'm going
to clean that up with mineral spirits or
paint thinner on a paper towel and you
just wipe it
off the reason I like oil base for
glazing is it clings so nice in in the
uh grooves but it also gives you a
window of work time so you can really
get a nice perfect line my best tool is
my fingernails I wrap that paper towel
tight around my nail and I run it along
that line to just give it a nice sharp
edge this is just such a perfect finish
and it's just using my fingernail you
know have it with me always it's it's a
great way to get this look and control
that line so you can see it's wet um you
don't want that mineral spirit sitting
on there too long so just make sure you
wipe that off it it will eat into the
paint if left too long um so once you're
done cleaning up your lines sharpening
them then you will want to take a dry
paper towel and just kind of wipe that
wetness off so it doesn't eat into your
paint and it's as simple as that finish
out on the doors and put the knots back
on let it cure 48 hours and you've got a
beautiful makeover
I think this looks so simple and clean
and new and it what a great success