[Music]
hi this is Daniel deturo if you like
Cajun style black and red fish but don't
like the mess or smoke of making it at
home try this simple oven black and
recipe which you can also make in a
skillet with a little oil for the rub
you'll need three t tablespoons of
paprika 1 teaspoon of kosher salt 1
teaspoon of onion powder 1 teaspon of
black pepper 1/2 teaspoon of cayenne
pepper adjust the amount to taste 1
teaspoon of dried thyme 1 teaspoon of
dried oregano and 1/2 teaspoon of garlic
powder place all the ingredients in a
medium bowl and whisk or stir until
thoroughly combined you can double or
triple the ingredients
and store them in an airtight container
or shaker bottle in a cool dry Place 6
months or more preheat your oven or
toaster oven to
375Â° F line a baking sheet with aluminum
foil coat the foil with cooking spray or
oil you can use any fish filet for this
recipe brush each fillet with oil or
apply a light coating of cooking spray
liberally apply the rub adjust adjusting
the amount to taste to the first side
use your hand to rub the seasoning into
the fish turn the fillets over and
repeat with the other side bake 15 to 20
minutes or until the fish is well
browned cook through and easily Flakes
with a fork a 5 1/2 oce white fish
fillet with Rub has about 200 calories 2
G of saturated fat 320 mg of sodium and
30 3 g of protein thank you for watching