[Music]
hello crafty fans welcome back to my
Channel today I am going to show you how
to make an easy a line dress for all
ages if you want to learn how keep on
watching so the first thing I did here
was fold the fabrics in half so I will
have two layers of fabrics I then place
the dress right on top of the fabric and
I'm just going to cut it out even it
about 1/2 inch allowances on all sides
and then I'll go ahead and fold this in
half so both sides will be symmetrical
don't feel comfortable doing this you
can also trace the dress on to a paper
and use it as a pattern and obviously if
you are making it for adult size you're
just going to use an adult size dress
now I'm going to cut the neckline this
is the front neck
I'm cutting the back bodice the back
neckline and it is just about 1/2 inch
higher than the front neck
as you can see here I actually adjusted
the neckline because it was a little too
small for Shiloh's head so I had to
adjust it so feel free to do so if you
need to adjust it now I'm going to show
the two pieces together and to show it
on the shoulder seams and the side seams
and since my favorite is a stretchy
material I'm going to be using the
stretch stitch
as you can see here as I reach the
corners I'm just going to lift up the
presser foot and turn the fabric and
continue on sewing
now all I have to do is finish the
sleeve hands the neckline and the
hemline
on the sleeve hems and the neckline I am
going to use a stretch stitch to allow
the fabric to stretch and not break the
thread
don't forget don't stretch your material
let the machine do its thing and if you
can find a stretch stitch you can also
use a zig-zag stitch and the dress is
done
[Music]
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you like the simple DIY subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already I
upload every Monday and Friday at 9
o'clock in the morning Central Time
we'll see you in the next video bye