it will now be necessary to set a new
post that will support the front wall
and the sliding door mark and X on the
bottom of the 4 by 4 by 8 foot post as
shown here this process will determine
the exact center of the post drill a
half inch diameter hole into the post
four inches deep
test fit the post anchor into the hole
to assure proper depth and a good fit
scribe a mark 45 inches from the right
side of the left front post toward the
center of the front wall this mark
designates the location of the left side
of the post anchor and ultimately the
left edge of the support post clear the
area where the post will be set to a
depth of two to three inches
drive the post anchor into the ground at
the scribed mark using a hammer or Maul
set the post into place onto the post
anchor and drive the post down on to the
anchor again using a level make sure the
post is plumb and then nail through the
two by six header into the post replace
the material around the anchor that was
removed earlier and tamp it into place
measure the distance from grade level to
the bottom of the header plank at each
of the three posts cut two by six planks
to these links for use as post camps
the post cap on the right-hand post
should be positioned so that the right
side of the camp is flush to the right
side of the post if additional stalls
will be added to this side the post cap
should be positioned so that it overlaps
the post equally on each side now
working from inside the stall cut 1 2 by
12 plank to a length equal to the
distance between the posts nail one end
of this plank at grade level and once
again level it and nail it to the other
post notice that these planks are nailed
through the back of the plank into the
post caps from inside the stall cut and
install three more two by twelve planks
above the first
in a similar manner cut and install a
two-by-four plank above the four two by
twelves this will create the proper
height for the installation of the
grille panel set the grille panel into
place on top of the two-by-four plank
nail it into place from inside the stall
just as you nailed the planks
to complete this wall position another
to by plank above the grill panel and
nail it into place if you are installing
a grill panel containing an optional
feeder opening prior to removing the
backing strips drive 16 D nails into the
2x4 planks both above and below the
grill panel then remove the backing
strips install the 48 inch wall
stiffener below the grill panel using
the same method used when previously
installing the 78 inch wall stiffeners
set the track against the face side of
the header so that the flanges of the
track rest over the edge of the header
and so that the end of the track is even
with the inside edge of the corner post
nail down the flanges using 10 D nails
place the door face up on sawhorses or
some other type of support to make the
installation of the rollers easier
position the roller flanges on the face
of the door over the pre bored holes
insert the bolts through the door and
flanges and secure them with nuts on the
face side of the door
now carefully slide the door rollers
into the track