hi everyone so today had what tonight I
should play
like to show you how to make crab salad
that's what we call it you'll need one
package of the imitation crabmeat
small onion sorry and I
strutted up a little bit of my last of
my cheddar block of cheddar cheese this
is so easy okay before I put the crab in
there I'm going to take a little bit of
whole celery seed just a little probably
like not even before and put that in
there I'm gonna add a little bit of
cilantro parsley flakes white black or
white pepper have up try to escape now
I'm just gonna stir this good not
perfect but good enough that way there
you could see if you got bigger pieces
that need to be pulled apart
I'm gonna add some real mail you don't
want it swimming in the mail you just
want to coat it nicely I'm gonna put one
more in there and then because I don't
have ranch dressing but I do have this
ranch magic yep it is wonderful in your
salad and this it's just yummy I'm gonna
take about two tablespoons so now we're
gonna mix it together and when you store
it store it in an airtight container
Tupperware real Tupperware or your glass
containers with a good seal on it yeah I
kind of got too much Mayo in there but
hit I'll be fine that is how you make
your crab salad piece of it it's got a
scent overnight just try to get a piece
off there for you well that's what it
looks like oh my gosh it's so good I
wish I could eat it I allergic to it now
so I can't but it's really really good
so I'm gonna put this again in an
airtight container and let it sit
overnight and tomorrow it's gonna be
like buttah you're gonna love it
all right everyone I hope you enjoyed
this video if you'd like to see more of
these easy fast salads let me know in
the comments below and as always thank
you for watching big hugs for my pantry
to yours
you