hello namaste Salam alaykoum Sastry Akal
welcome to our very special cooking
session with phillips where each one of
you can be super chef the Indians love
to eat snacks specially fried foods
think about it the samosas the pakoras
the kachori the chicken 65 you name it
we just love it now you can enjoy all
these amazing snacks guilt-free because
with technology you can use less than
80% of the oil in frying all these foods
let me introduce you to the model marvel
of cooking where we are going to use air
to fry and the quality of food is just
amazing I would say even better
here is Philips airfryer and I am going
to cook my favorite chicken 65 using
Philips airfryer
before I start showing you my favorite
chicken 65
let me quiz you what is the difference
between white meat and dark meat in a
chicken you can write your response in
the comments and I will pick up few and
you will be receiving my full set of
cooking DVDs so let's get into the
cooking here so today I am going to use
chicken breast to make this chicken 65
and make sure you cut the chicken into
even sizes now I have taken chicken
breast meat what is it
white meat or dark meat keep guessing so
for the chicken 65 I am going to take
some turmeric a little bit of garam
masala powder when you are using
airfryer the flavors everything are much
better so the amount of spices you use
you can reduce little bit and still you
can get awesome flavors in this we're
going to add some pepper powder a little
bit of coriander powder and you know
Kashmiri chilli powder this gives the
nice red color what you always prefer on
chicken 65 to get this nice taste you
can add a little bit of vinegar but add
very little now you're going to mix all
of these with the spices so that they
coat well to the chicken now we're going
to add a little bit of salt and this
salt is going to bring out a little bit
moisture out and it will help the even
coating of all this masalas I want to
give real punch of ginger-garlic to my
chicken 65 instead of adding regular
ginger-garlic paste
I'm going to use chopped ginger garlic
for which I am going to use the Phillip
pro-mix
you
in this I'm going to add ginger and
garlic and play with my this awesome
tool now look at this wow this is
awesomely such fine chopping and this
will give a very nice coating for my
chicken 65 so look at this however good
chef I am I don't think it's humanly
possible for me to chop it so perfect
now I'm just going to mix this all over
and I have this laughs this is something
amazing many times I talk about chicken
has to be tender and juicy even when
fried you can do that by brining the
chicken but if you don't want to brine
the chicken after marinating the chicken
like this you can keep it in the fridge
for at least six seven hours and your
chicken will be juicy then you fry them
talking about juicy chicken you have to
seal the chicken so that the juices
remain inside one way to do is you can
add little bit of egg and coat it with
flour so that the juices remain inside
and the chicken is juicy let me make
this chicken juicy by sealing it by 1tsp
of egg white that should be good enough
first you know I'm going to coat this
with this egg white even once this is
coated well all I am going to do is just
add one teaspoon of rice flour and 1
teaspoon of all-purpose flour
ok that should be good enough and I'm
going to mix all of this and the chicken
is ready to be fried with the air now
this is all ready to go into a fryer but
then you fry normally how much oil you
are you going to use half a liter to fry
this much chicken let's see how much I
am going to use just one teaspoon of oil
that's it
in fact I could just use half a teaspoon
and still the result will be super
perfect
now let's preach at 180 degree
centigrade for five minutes now once you
preach they're going to remove the air
fryer basket and let's drop in all the
pieces of chicken you know the pieces of
the chicken are dry so you can top them
one over another it's not a problem at
all but this should be good now you know
if you're going to put the basket in and
let's cook them for around six minutes
to eight minutes till they are slightly
colored after around four minutes and
even you can pull it out remove the
basket and just toss them see what this
one will do right now I am cooking a
smaller quantity but even if you put
more than five grams of chicken in this
you can still get even coloring all
through that is what the goodness about
air frying now all you need to do is
just pause the chicken put it back put
it inside and let it cook for another
three minutes so in less than seven
minutes you got perfect chicken 65 by
using less than one teaspoon of oil
amazing isn't it let's see how it is
going to taste
can your wash of cooked chicken 65
without adding green chilies and curry
leaves what we do we fry the chicken
then when the chicken is almost done we
put in green chilies and curry leaves
that's what gives a nice flavor because
I love to pick green chilies and heat
pull the basket out not fully a little
bit and I'm going to drop in my curry
leaves and green chilies on top and goes
in another two minutes now you can cook
the chicken from 180 to 200 degree
centigrade if the pieces are bigger I
prefer to cook it at 180 degree
centigrade if the chicken pieces are
smaller I prefer to cook it at 200
degrees centigrade for a shorter time
after putting the green chilies and
curry leaves this is all done but what
I usually prefer is I'm going to let it
rest for another minute that's when I'm
going to pull out the basket so it's
perfect now I am guaranteeing you the
chicken is super perfect but let's check
here you've got the basket out okay and
here are the pieces of chicken look at
them the curry leaves my green chili off
look at these pieces of chicken so
perfectly cooked
you know my son is all excited and he's
that you become a smarter cook I'm like
I don't like his common but you know
that's what it is and the green chilies
also have a little bit of shine and you
know just sprinkle a little bit of salt
on the green chilies before you put into
the fryer so that your green chilies are
nice and tasty hmm Wow look at this this
is what a perfect chicken is let me just
look at this this how tender perfect and
now no more guilt you can enjoy any
fried food guilt-free and they will come
out super tasty and perfect if I want to
promote one product that would be
Philips airfryer because I want you all
to be healthy and enjoy life this much
this much this much laughs think about
it I do not even need a tissue because
there is not a trace of oil all this is
possible with the Philips airfryer but
do not forget my question what is the
difference between white meat and dark
meat in a chicken dear friends I hope
you enjoyed today's recipe using Philips
airfryer very healthy using little or no
oil but I want to know what are the
recipes you want to prepare using the
airfryer
please let me know through your comments
so I can make the dish on the show
using Philips airfryer till then see
you bye-bye cool office innovation and
you Phillips