my friend Rob and I have bake-offs for
bread and butter pudding in particular
now usually it's sweet he puts all sorts
of strange things in his but I'm going
to really rough up the feathers today by
showing you a bread and butter pudding
that's savory this is such a great way
to use up some stale bread and the rest
of the ingredients in here usually
you'll have in your pantry like some
canned tomatoes and eggs and cream that
are in the fridge already now to start
with and it'll strain the tomatoes I've
got whole peeled tomatoes here and I
want to use them both I want to use the
juice to soak the bread and then the
whole tomatoes I'm going to use to
garnish this bread and butter pudding so
just with the back of a spoon just
strain it and just use a spoon to
separate the two different textures of
tomato and I'll use a second can for
this now the amount of tomatoes will
depend on how much bread you're going to
be using and how big your bread and
butter pudding is so I'm actually making
quite a large run to feed four people so
two cans is absolutely perfect now let's
get on to the bread I like to use
sourdough bread that's a day or two old
with bread and butter pudding if you're
doing a sweet or a savory one you need
the bread to be a little bit stale the
reason you need it to be stale is so it
holds its shape if it's too fresh it'll
get it a little bit mushy so the older
the bread I say the better now I'm going
to cut 8 medium thick slices and before
I start dunking it into the tomato juice
I'm just going to use a little bit of
garlic to wipe over the bread when
garlic is raw like this it has a very
strong flavor so just wiping it over
just as I'm doing here you will taste it
so don't mince it and don't put it into
the dish we're just wanting to perfume
this bread with the scent of the garlic
now we can start dunking this bread into
this tomato juice or just combine that
I'm going to season it with just a hint
of salt because tomatoes love salt now
each piece of bread can go in strain off
some of the
excess liquid and then it can go into a
greased baking dish and now that it's
been drenched in the tomatoes you can
see how pliable the bread is so we do
want to squish it into all the sides so
I'm going to continue this until this
baking dish is completely lined with
this bread
now the salami is going to give this a
really nice saltiness you can use
suppressor you can use Hungarian salami
like I'm using today the most important
thing here though is slice it really
thin because when it cooks in the oven
you want it to melt a bit especially
that little bit of fat in there which is
going to flavor this bread and butter
pudding you could even use some spicy
salami to introduce a little bit of
chili into this dish and then I'm just
going to layer this just scatter this
salami in and around the pieces of
tomato bread there just don't look
fantastic now that I've done this with
the salami I'm going to do the same
thing with fresh basil now I'm going to
use some basil at the end but a little
bit now when it's cooking is a great
idea too so just tuck it underneath the
bread and don't chop this please it
smells so good when you're just tearing
it between your fingers now for the
remaining tomatoes here I'm going to
scatter the tomatoes for different
textures of tomato here and squeeze them
with your finger so a lot of the juice
comes out now we've got to get on to the
custard now bread and butter pudding is
not a bread and butter pudding without a
delicious custard to go with it so good
quality free-range eggs I need three
whole eggs for this recipe and they can
go first of all into the bowl and
instead of just using milk I like to use
a combination of milk and cream because
I don't want it to be too Amla tea if
you added the cream it becomes a little
bit more silky and lush so 300
milliliters of cream thickened cream
and a little bit of milk and now I'm
going to whisk this together we're gonna
break up all those eggs in there so it
really starts to change color to that
light orange it's looking great I'll
also add some cheese now now my cheese
of choice is some pecorino but you could
also use Parmesan cheese for this and
I'm also going to grate some straight
over the bread and after I've poured the
custard all over this bread and butter
pudding it goes into a hot oven so we
that crispy outside border on the bread
200 degrees for 30 to 35 minutes
this is one very beautiful bread and
butter pudding
I love how rich in color it is and I can
see the speckles of salami there I'm
going to add a little bit more pecorino
just to small amount and some more fresh
basil so we've got the cooked basil
there and fresh basil that I'm just
going to tear over the top there I'll
break up some of those leaves that is an
Italian delight what I love about it is
it's all basic ingredients we've all got
eggs in the fridge a little bit of stale
bread there are some cheese and the best
thing about bread and butter pudding is
that it's really crispy on the top and
it's really souffle and very soft in the
center so you've got two textures here
and I think Rob is going to love this
because he loves cheese just as much as
me look how gooey that Center is oh so
good so inexpensive this is a must try
brother butter pudding
you