hello I am Gabriel Pereira from zero red
carpet on living surfaces care and Los
Angeles and today we're gonna talk about
how to get coffee stains from carpets
the tools that we're gonna need for this
project are basically towels and a
coffee stain remover when you spill
coffee if you can't get to it right away
it's always better and of course what
you're gonna be doing first is you're
gonna be blotting the area right you
want to make sure that you get the
coffee out of the carpet fibers
sometimes the carpet is in good
condition and it has been protected with
product a carpet protector then you
shouldn't have any problems
blotting that liquid out of the carpet
fibers without having any residue
however a lot of times you're gonna get
to that stain when it had time to dry
it's been there for a few days so there
is nothing for you to blot because it is
dry now you need to remove that stain
and general spotters will not work on
that type of stain there is so many
variables when it comes to coffee
whether the coffee was hot or cold
weather was caffeinated or decaf whether
they had cream or milk or any other
ingredient in it so all of those play a
role for the most part the only way that
you can deal with those stains is by
using a specialty product which is gonna
be a coffee stain remover ingredient in
these coffee stain removers it is
chemical it's a powder that's called
sodium metal wall sulfite so if you know
what that is and you can get a hold of
that then that is exactly what's inside
these bottles the way you work with
coffee stains is you mix according to
label instructions usually it's gonna be
about a tablespoon in in a quart of
water you try to use water as hot as
possible and now you're gonna have to
spray the area you spray the spot you
can use a regular soft brush to make it
penetrate into the fibers you never want
to rub or do anything like that that
will cause fiber Distortion water
caution here always pretest you don't
want to remove the coffee stain and also
bring the color of the carpet with it so
you make sure that your carpet is safe
for these products to be use on and once
you established that it is safe to use
this product then is when you apply it
to the coffee stain and basically the
products gonna work by itself is gonna
take some times even after a few seconds
this thing will be gone sometimes it'll
take a little longer and maybe even the
next day you feel that you still have a
race you might want to do a second
application of the product the one thing
to remember is because the agent is a
powder as the carpet dries if you used a
lot of the product on it it will go into
a powder again as the water evaporates
so you may have a whitish residue when
the carpet dries and all you need to do
in that case is make sure you vacuumed
it really well I am Gabriel ready from
zero rez carpet and living surfaces care
in Los Angeles California and I've just
shown you how to clean coffee stains
from carpets