hi everyone I'm happy Bell and today I'm
going to be talking to you all about the
steam cleaner that I
got um I'm actually going to be cleaning
this curtain I have here um because it
is summer and it's about that time you
know when it's summer starts holding
dust and where I live I live in Las
Vegas it gets real Dusty out here we
even have like Sandstorm sometimes so
I'm going to be using this steam cleaner
to you know just upkeep these curtains
that I have here and make sure that um
they're cleaner because I've noticed
that um when the seasons change dust
appear in different areas more so than
other places and with that I also
noticed I might wake up sometimes with
like a sore throat or a stuffy nose and
um you know so it's really important to
have a steam cleaner now the steam
cleaner I'm going to be using it
everywhere um I'm going to be cleaning
my ceiling fans um uh my furniture and
right now I'm going to be cleaning this
curtain so excuse my work table and like
I said it's it's my work table so I
actually use it to hold a lot of um my
items that I need to use and I you know
it's a photable table so I like take it
with me around the house um so it's kind
of dirty but anyways right here this
steam cleaner is called the Comfort day
and um it came with like a few different
attachments I don't know if I still have
all of them um because my daughter's got
to it but um it has some important
elements that I really want to discuss
with you before I use it okay I'm going
to talk about the top first now this top
um I kind of had a hard time using or
trying to get this top off now it has
some um instructions on how to get the
top off but I still had a hard time so I
wanted to talk to you about this because
um you know just to save you some time
dealing with it anyways so like a
medicine top you're going to push down
on it but you're only going to push down
on it like for one go around after that
you're going to continuously twist it
off until it comes off so that's simple
right but it wasn't simple to me in the
beginning anyway another important
element that I wanted to talk to you
about is this cup here um this has
little measuring um levels on here and I
don't know if the camera is able to pick
up on it but this cup it shows you how
much you know water you're going to put
in there and also um it matches the
amount of water that you can actually
put in the steam cleaner so it's
important to not lose this you know
anyways I'm going to go ahead and put
some water in here I'm going to fill
this up and then I'm going to plug it up
and when I plug it up it's going to have
a indicator a light on there I'll be
right back okay so I filled this all the
way up because I'm going to be using it
um you know as much as I can to clean
this curtain so now now I'm going to go
ahead and pour the water in
[Music]
there okay now since the water is in
there we just going to twist it on and
you can hear the
sound okay sorry about that you do push
down um once it kind of gets low just to
secure it sorry about that but hey
you're watching this video so you can
know how to do it okay so after you put
the water in there you're going to go
ahead and plug it up okay now this is
the light indicator I was telling you
about and when and when this light
indicator turns off that's when you know
the steam cleaner is ready to be
used so I want to talk to you really
quick about what attachment I'm going to
be using to clean these curtains here
I'm going to be using um this attachment
here and this one is good for fabric
it's good for cleaning your couches and
your curtains so I'm going to be using
this
one um this one
here trying to see which side okay so
this is the side you put on the um the
actual part right
there this one here I think you
attach you can attach this nozzle to
it and it has the hole right there so
you can close it and you know you can
clean your windows with these with this
steam cleaner you can clean just about
anything um I'm going to be showing what
I clean with this this is not going to
be the only video that I use the steam
cleaner with just so I can show you um
what I use it for I'm going to go ahead
and put this on here before it gets too
long okay y'all so I don't know what
this is on my curtain I don't even know
how anything can get on there but I feel
like this would be the perfect area to
show you how this steam cleaner works on
the curtain um you know the important
thing another important thing I should
say because it's important to get stains
off but um another important thing is to
know that it is um getting the dust off
of your curtain but I think it's real
cool to know that it can get off you
know just certain stains and stuff like
that um I don't know what this is um so
I can't tell you what it is um but
another thing is you might have some
dust mites on your curtains and you know
the steam cleaner gets so hot that um
you know it should kill the desm mites
off of it indicator light just turns off
so it's a red light and then it just
turns off okay let's go ahead and try to
clean
that okay so now I'm going to just take
a cloth which this is one of my old
cloth diapers recycle those by the
way and I'm going to go ahead and just
try to scrub whatever this was off now
the thing about the steam cleaner is
you're going to need a rag because what
it does is is it softens whatever stain
you have on your Fabric and then you can
just come in and wipe it off so there we
go okay now I'm going to clean the
window now this was the attachment I
already had on there and um let me just
take it off so this is what you're going
to do you're going to just attach that
on there and clap that on like that so
I'm going to clean the window for y'all
I'm going go ahead and wipe
it so there is this spot right here I
don't know if you can see it on the
camera but as I was cleaning the other
area this spot it just kept just popping
out at me like looking just very
annoying so I want to clean that part
really
[Music]
fast and like I knew it's it's stubborn
[Music]
I'm thinking heat it up a little
bit maybe squeege it but I honestly
think that the he is allowing it to
really loosen up like if if you can see
it on the camera it looked like it
looked like kind of how um glue looks
and with the steam it looks like it's
kind of like breaking it down a little
bit so I'm going to go ahead and wipe it
and it came right
up okay cuz yeah that was irritating me
so yeah think it does a real good job a
real good job
[Music]
let love it
hey you all so I just wanted to go ahead
and end this video with talking about
this attachment here now I was able to
see that this attachment actually works
better than the squeegee one it brought
up all those stubborn areas that I was
struggling and battl in with on my
window I also was able to clean the trim
of my window or the window seal I don't
know what you call that and I was able
to blast a little spots off my table one
thing I want to say is be careful when
you're putting on those attachments and
when you're taking them off this thing
flew off and I would not be here making
this video if my face was all steamed
burned up or my body so be careful with
that another thing I purchased this at
amazon.com so I'll put a link somewhere
in the video and in the description box
below it was around 30 or 40 $ and if
y'all have any like tips or um advice or
any request on um things to make your
home a little bit more livable and you
know just any topics that you want me to
talk about about the home let me know um
so just make sure you stay true to your
heart have a happy day or night whenever
you view this all right y'all subscribe
and like see you later bye