hi this is mark from learn how to garden
and this is the fifth of our films about
winter brassicas and we've now come on
to broccoli broccoli is probably the one
that I would say plant lust it takes up
quite a lot of room in this bed it's a
four foot bed your own you're gonna get
three across you know it needs space
it's a big plant but it is worth growing
you know it gives you wonderful
succulent space and again great
stir-fried with bit of garlic bit of oil
at that time of the winter when a lot of
things aren't coming through so of the
ones we've got it requires the biggest
space and we've got two types of
broccoli we've got the purple sprouting
and then we have Romanesco Romanesco is
what I would say you should plant you
can plant it slightly closer together
I normally plant mine at about 35 40
centimeters apart
it's gives you a beautiful lime-green
head will come before Christmas pretty
much sort of richer sweeter the variety
I use is called navona which is quite
interesting I've got a friend who has a
daughter called navona and are my
favorite white lily is also called
navona I suspect of the two she prefers
to be named after the lily than the
broccoli well who knows she might be a
Fujian thing the broccoli is a better
idea but I digress
so the same as before we're going to
make small planting whole take our plug
pop him in back fill firm down and as I
said before everybody says these have to
be planted in really firm soil I found
they do perfectly okay on a deep bed
really okay on a no dig bed in fact in
some ways really really well on a no dig
bed especially the cabbages as we said
before so three across the bed and then
probably just about a foot between or a
spork
between them so we'll put them across as
which they always try and plant in that
sort of brick pattern when you're
working in one of your beds is much much
ease
very quickly we've got a little block of
nine in again as we've said if you plan
to get in a betting you guard and try
and keep it towards one end of the bed
it's going to stay in for quite a long
time it means you can cultivate the rest
of the bed during the winter and as I
said right at the beginning if you can
follow peas and beans which these are
following broad beans
it's brilliant the beans have actually
the nodules have held nitrogen into the
soil and these are quite greedy feeders
what we're going to do now is just water
them in with watering can with some
seaweed feed in it the seaweed really
will get the roots zapping away and
these will you know be tasting really
good from Christmas or it'll about March
time so if we do a quick recap you know
that's got our kales a cabbage broccoli
Romanesco Brussels big fine for the
winter
you know it's my personal order of why I
put certain ones in before others you
know if you love broccoli and hate kale
please don't grow this grow kale you
know but that's why I think they should
go in in that order I hope that's some
help that's our little mini series on
winter greens gets them in now get down
to your local nursery or garden center
even your farmers market probably still
have some and pop them in and I hope
you've enjoyed this quick series of five
and we'll speech soon thanks a lot for
watching