hi this is fuller from stone brother
zoom bird and I'm here to show you how
easy it is to make fresh pickled okra so
what your need is you're going to need
12 mason jars preferably widemouth jars
just easier for cramming the okra in
you're going to sterilize something by
putting them in boiling water for like
5-10 seconds you're going to need fresh
cloves of garlic hot peppers and fresh
fresh coarsely chopped dill you're also
going to need vinegar and pickling and
preserving salt and lastly and obviously
you're going to need okra so here's how
you do it okay so now we have most of
the yogurt put away in the jar but with
all the stuff in it but you obviously
haven't seen that so I'm gonna show you
how to do that so what you're gonna do
is you're gonna put in your garlic and
your dill you're gonna and then you're
going to start putting in the book
takes a little while but you should have
it done pretty quickly you're going to
put your pepper in about halfway through
so that you can so it fits and it's not
squished
okay so now that's about full you might
be able to fit one or two more in but
you want to be on beat them out so
you're not gonna cram em all in
so now you're gonna put in one spoon a
teaspoon of pickling salt that you saw
in the beginning and then you're gonna
fill it up a little less than halfway
with vinegar okay you're gonna fill up
the rest of the way with boiling water
make sure it's not too full or else over
over full overflow when you put it in
the so now you're going to put the cap
on not too tight but you want to give it
a good shake so it's mixes up all the
ingredients so that's how you make the
pickled okra part and put it in the dirt
okay so now that we have all of the okra
stuff into these jars we're gonna do
something called processing what
processing does is it seals the jar so
you can put it up on the shelf so what
you do is you put it in simmering water
fully immersed for about 10 minutes so
after you take that out let it pick go
for four to five days just to make sure
it's all good and pickled and stuff so
come on down and see us at Stella's
invert wait what are we going to do with
all this okra that's the next video
watch out