that folks is wrong Danis got they're
doing a series of videos on how to bend
EMT condo here using a hand conduit
vendor and you know over that series of
videos I ended up with a pile of kind of
it here that really is bent in a certain
shape it's really not good for anything
else so I've been cutting it up and
what's a guy do with all that leftover
cognitive you just don't want to throw
it in the trash any issues we could turn
it into a winch option from care to and
if you want to go online and Google
tubular wind chime dimensions for like
package kind of you will find charts
that will give you an idea of how long
the company's a conduit ought to be and
where to drill it to get a certain note
out of it and then make a series of
notes and string them together kind of
stuff whether it's something that's very
small as far as a piece of pipe to
something a little bigger like this one
is so I'm going to put this content to
good use and I'll step you through how
I'm going to make that to this wind
chime and this is a great little project
you got nothing better to do on a
weekend so we'll take you through it and
show you how to based on the chart that
I have here and give me an idea what
this looks like it actually will show
you and give you a distance for the
piece of pipe and where to hang the
piece of pipe as well here so I just
measured and I picked in this octave
here I've ended up taking seven
different notes out of that I didn't
pick every one so I just measured this
one to twelve and three quarters of an
inch
I'm going to put it in my vise here and
then we'll cut that piece of pipe twelve
core is using my sawzall here
so it's cut to the right length in that
chart also gives you a distance to hang
it from so I'm going to make that mark
next off okay and that according to this
is at 2 and 7/8 from the end so very
simply market at 2 and 7/8 from the end
here
7/8 all right and that becomes actually
the fourth one in that series I'm to
make this particular one out of okay and
just keep doing that for each particular
note ok the next step in making that
chime is to actually derp deburr the end
of the condo here and this and here is
already deeper because it was the end of
the pipe what I've been when I did that
earlier so I'm just going to put it in
my little vise and one of the hand
things of conduit Bertie burying tools
is a table deeper the condo very quickly
okay and if we can make sure there's no
sharp edges on that so it doesn't a to
the cut themselves in be it doesn't cut
the string as well so hopefully goober
get very clean okay there we go there's
one pipe just to do it all after I've
cut the conduit two lanes and deburred
it and made the marks about where to
hang the pieces of pipe I'm going to go
ahead and with my all here make a little
bit of a start on that from the drill
and then with my drill I'm just going to
drill out a hole through it and grab
drill it as straight as you can
don't leave critical that quite pretty
but now I drove up piece of pipe and I
generally will just use a simple nail
and I'm going to set that nail through
there and with a little persuasion get
it into some pipe and then use it a side
cutter here I'm going to cut the wire
off a little bit and then bend it over
here a hammer and we'll call that good
and that will create a pin going through
the piece of pipe that I can actually
hang the pipe with right so pull it up
and I'll do that doll here I've got a
piece of scrap cedar wood I've got that
I'm going to use to actually create the
round thing I've actually to hang a
little tubes from so well cut off of
through the side piece here
there we go fresh-cut Cedars smell good
I'm gonna use a band saw to cut out from
around shades and I'm going to live like
I've got this bigger plate in here I
probably have a paint job today
there we go a little sanding w5 next I'm
going to cut the little flag out that's
going to hang on the bottom of the wind
chime and I'm going to just cut that out
of until people see you're here so
ooh
the hole is very nicely done after I cut
the piece is cut out I need to drill
holes through where the string is going
to pass through the wood piece here and
I've got seven chimes on this particular
twin chime so 360 divided by seven you
end up with just a little over fifty
degrees so about every 50 degrees I'm
gonna make a mark here on the board here
and then I'm going to go ahead and drill
out these holes okay and make those
seven holes and I'll do I'll also drop
this one enter a hole in for my little
flag - okay now I've got all the marks
made on the round piece I'm very simply
just going to drill it out here and I
move into a piece of scrap wood you
could use a lot of things to actually
string this wind chime together I'm just
going to use some old cotton thread that
I'm kind of big old roll up here and
I've cut a pretty little piece and I
basically tight a nail on the end of it
and I'm going to straight first the
middle piece here the little flag thing
is going to bang and make the against
the pipes numbers going to run that
through a little carabiner type thing I
have here that swivels and pass it back
through that same opening
then Eve it up with pieces now this is
the site I got the carabiner on so I'm
going to want to hang it
Oh some about that like that okay I
normally just put it kind of stapling
these hold it bring it back over there
we go and I normally put just a little
bit of hot glue on that just nice and
cozy okay and that will be the first leg
here and now I'm going to actually put
the flag on this end
now these pipes the longest is about
that long so word I want the climber to
go I'm gonna say it's going to be about
right in here okay again do the same
thing about the statement I'll put on
this side as well and again put a little
hot glue here
okay last thing is we'll tie on the
little flag okay I've got the string to
that Center string through with the hand
clangor there and stuff so I've got to
thread in and put in the individual pipe
so very simply I'm going to pass down
through here through one of the holes in
the metal which when you start with and
I've got that nail on my end of my piece
of rope there and I've got a string that
through this piece of pipe now the
easiest way I found to do that is take
that nail run it down into the pipe and
then flip the pipe over backwards like
that oops
and the little nail whoops
should come through there I have one
more time like that let's just flip it
over and there we go oops
and then we'll string that back up
through here
you're together make noise and straight
through my carabiner and I'm just gonna
tie this one off I don't have a whole
lot of rope here so I'm gonna tie this
one off
lower
and cut the excess off okay and that's
the first one and the other will hang
about the same Heights all the way
around but that will drop a little
further down so that is the first one
just keep going until you get them all
in there Matt okay here's the last one
I'm going to put in mr. string down to
the top again I'm doing able to not on
end we really good and passing it
through this pipe and just flipping the
pipe over and it should string right
through it and no problems we getting
better to go okay very simply no it's
like there get that about even with the
others up there as well I don't think
it's a critical that's exactly even I've
been not a couple times okay okay there
we go now I'm not quite a not a rope up
here I'm going to take a size little
amount of hot glue
try and get this all into one nice
little
there we go
oops there you have it one windmill if
that will make a quite a better noise so
I'll continue making them until I run
out of conduit which could be quite a
few and some could be even smaller than
this one so hey thanks for watching
channel folks I'm wrong with the ideal
and put yourself to good use one weekend
and make yourself a winch at see you
later