hi everyone today I will be showing you
how to make this cupcake it's 3d it
stands on its own or you can put it on a
pencil as a topper if you want you'll
need about 39 single rubber bands for
the cupcake itself and if you want to
make the candle you'll need six extra
rubber bands so to start we're going to
have our loom in that configuration the
staggered or offset configuration and
I'm making it where we can put a hook
through the back so taking your single
rubber band you'll need 24 white rubber
bands for the icing so taking a single
and putting it diagonally from the
center to the side and you can start
anywhere on your loom just continue with
a single rubber band on your loom and we
are going to make a hexagon shape around
your loom connecting it from one peg to
the other so that's what you should have
and we are going to go ahead and push it
all down like that now taking a single
rubber band we'll do this six times from
any peg down one I'm taking six single
rubber bands on anywhere on your loom
and putting it from the first to the
second peg like that and now at the end
of each peg we're going to take a single
rubber band and we're going to cap it
off by looping it once on the end of
each of those pegs where we have the six
rubber bands
now go under each of the cat band grab
the bottom single and loop up and onto
itself and repeat for all six
take your hook and get the rubber band
onto your hook with the loop in the hook
in your cap band on the other side and
we go our going to attach it on to our
icing here the top of our cupcake so
taking the part where the cap band is
and putting it on the center of our
configuration the hexagon configuration
and then looping the other side right on
to the outside of our hexagon
configuration so one side goes on the
center and the other side goes on the
outside of our configuration the hexagon
configuration so once again get your
rubber band onto your hook like that
where the cap band is you're going to
put it on to the center and the other
side you're going to put it on to the
outside of your hexagon peg so and I'm
staggering it and putting it on skipping
every peg so I'm putting on this one
skip one put it on the next one and the
last one I'm going to put here once
again the cap band goes into Center and
the other side goes on the outside peg
so now I have three on these three pegs
I'm going to put the last three on the
other three you can put it in any order
that you want it really doesn't matter
but I like to do it that way once again
get your rubber band onto your hook
putting a cap band side onto the center
and the loops onto the outside of our
hexagon shape and we're going to touch
it for the last two
and make sure you cover all six pegs you
can do it in any order but make sure you
put all your rubber bands from the
center to the side peg on your hexagon
configuration and make sure each peg
gets a rubber band
looping we are going to take our
sprinkle color I'm using pink blue and
green and here we are going to put a
hook right through the center of our
configuration here the center of hexagon
right through all those rubber bands and
putting it right through the back grab
one of your sprinkle grab your hook this
is like tying a slip knot so we're
grabbing the rubber band right back
through the center of our configuration
the center peg and putting it grabbing
the other side getting it right onto the
loop right onto your hook like a slip
knot and we're going to tie it off so
this holds our Center for cupcake the
Ising together we're going to do this
three times and I'm going to do it on
this side this side and this side so
once again we are going to put our hook
through the center get your other
sprinkle color grab one side of it like
we're doing a slip knot because we are
tying a slip knot to hold our Center or
icing cupcake together get one loop
through onto a hook put your hook
through and grab the other side of your
rubber band and we are tying
get off so that's my second sprinkle
rubber band that I tied to hold my
cupcake the top of my kick cake the
icing of my cupcake together the last
one I'm tying it on this side I'm going
through the center of my hexagon grab my
last sprinkle color rubber band
fit it on my finger pull the loop right
through the center getting on your hook
and getting it around the center peg
like that to the third side where I want
to tie it off grab the other side of the
rubber band make sure it doesn't get
tangled back here get it on my hook and
tying your slip knot so my sprinkles are
on at the top of my icing of my cupcake
now I'm going to go on each peg grabbing
the bottom two bands and I'm looping it
over to the center of my configuration
just go to each peg grab the bottom two
bands and looping it up and over the peg
to the center of my hexagon continue
around to all six pegs grabbing the
bottom two bands and it's going to be
very loose now those rubber bands are
sticking up in the center and we'll
leave it there for the time being so
that's what your configuration should
look like your pegs should have only two
rubber bands on each and we want to push
it down to the bottom taking your last
set of rubber bands so should be sick
laughs and we're going to put it on our
loom again creating the hexagon and you
can start anywhere you want it's all the
same now we're going to go on each peg
grab the bottom two and looping it up to
the center just make sure you grab the
bottom two bands and looping it right to
the center of our hexagon configuration
here push it down when you're done and
now those bands that were sticking out
before in the center we're going to take
it and we're going to loop it right back
onto the pegs that came off of so go
around make sure it's not tangled and
just grab the single white that's
sticking up in the center around our
sprinkle rubberband rubber bands and put
it right back on to the pegs
and it should create the hexagon shape
once again so that's what you should
have creating the hexagon shape around
the six pegs and our sprinkle rubber
bands are still sticking up so we're
taking it and looping it on the two pegs
closest to them so for our sprinkle
rubber band which is taking it and we're
looping it on the two pegs that's
closest to where it's tied so it's not
tangled so that's what you should have
now we're going to go on on each peg
once again grabbing the bottom 2 bands
and looping it up and over the peg that
it's on so go around your hexagon
configuration go to each peg grabbing
the bottom 2 bands and looping it over
that peg to the center of our
configuration here of our project so now
what's left of the top of our cupcake
are three single rubber bands two white
and one sprinkle color on each peg
that's what you should have check to
make sure that's what you should have
push it down and now let's make the
bottom of our cupcake the paper part in
mines purple and making it exactly like
this one so taking my purple anywhere I
am going to start but with a single band
all around once again creating our
hexagon shape on our loom it doesn't
matter where you start just make sure
it's all connected in the hexagon shape
and now go in each peg once again
grabbing the bottom three bands this
time the two white and the one sprinkler
a sprinkle band and loop it up to the
center up and over to the center of our
project here our cupcake so take your
bottom three bands on each peg and loop
it to the center
push it down taking a single purple
twist double it and I'm going to put it
on the outside peg across like that so
taking a single twist double and we're
covering we're using three rubber bands
to cover six pegs so taking a single
twist double and since these two are
covered and coming over here to these
two single twists double to these two so
you should have three single rubber
bands that are doubled and covering six
pegs so you have spaces in between them
now go in each peg grab the bottom two
and looping it on to those rubber bands
we just put on so now our paper cover
for our cupcake or the purple is on to
the single we just doubled and go on to
each peg grabbing the bottom 2 bands and
pulling it right on to those single
rubber bands so that's what you should
have right now taking your last three
purple rubber bands and we're covering
it where there are spaces on your loom
so there should be three spaces taking
your single and just looping it over
those three spaces on your loom now
we're going to go on on each peg and
we're going to pull the rubber band
right on to the single we just looped on
to there pulling the bottom two and
getting it on to that single
rubberband and two so that it's not
confusing us we're going to tie it off
and here we're going to take it one side
off the peg and loop it right on to the
other side and we're going to reach in
grabbing the bottom rubber band slip the
other side off and pull it to tie it off
so one is done the next one here's the
rubber band we looped on this two these
two pegs we're going to pull the bottom
two off and up and over that sing that
peg repeat on the other side pull it
right off and on to the center of that
single rubber band on to that single
rubber band pulling one side looping it
on to the other one like that reach in
grab the bottom single band that's on
that peg and pull it off to tie it and
repeat for the last one once again we're
pulling going under grabbing the bottom
2 bands looping it over that peg repeat
for this other one in getting one side
off of your peg looping it right on to
its cell for the partner and going in
grabbing the bottom band and tying it
off pulling it tightly our cupcake is
done pull it very carefully you can hold
on to those Slipknot rubber bands there
should be three of them and pull it your
cupcake right off the loom there's your
cupcake and to create more sprinkles
we're going to put our hook through any
hole of our icing on top pulling the
slip that rubber band through to create
more icing on our cupcake just go right
around and pull the three Slipknot
rubber band through the top putting a
hook through the top of our icing going
to the bottom and grabbing our Slipknot
and then kind of pull it down so our
purple icing or sprinkle isn't very
prominent so here's your cupcake and if
you just want to make the cupcake you're
done but if you want to make the candle
let's take a single rubber band twist
double anywhere on your loom coming from
the first to the second peg and the
candle color now mine will be pink
taking a single again twist double and
coming down three times on a loom single
twist double taking your last candle
color and capping that off four times on
the end peg like that go under the cap
band grab the bottom two single loop up
and on to itself creating teardrops and
just continue up the loom
lastly taking your last single rubber
band twist double it and we're going to
create a slipknot for the light of our
candle getting the loops onto your hook
pulling the bottom most in tying it off
that's your candle and let's take it off
the loom
that's your candle go in the hole in the
bottom put your hook right through that
center hole grab the four rubber bands
the Slipknot rubber band and pull it
right inside our cupcake so it stays
there
so there's your candle for your cupcake
if you want you can take a pencil and
stick it over the eraser part as a
topper or you can just use it as a
cupcake for your American Girl doll so
these are your cupcake I hope you like
them thanks for watching