hey welcome back inside in the kitchen
my name is Kent altona and this week
we're going to make another recipe with
the Damascus bakery rats that I featured
in my haul video and I also wanted to
announce the winner of that of the two
wrap giveaways in that Hall video as
well the first of all is dr Dora from
South Carolina and the second one was a
belief in LA in California so I want to
thank both of those guys for entry as
well as everyone else for entering that
contest by commenting and liking the
video so thank you guys to get once
again and let's go ahead and get started
I have one and a half pounds of ground
beef cooking in the pan here do this I'm
going to add a half small onion the I
chopped up earlier and one half of a
green pepper and one half of a red
pepper for color to this I'm going to
add one tablespoon of my low-carb taco
seasoning nets that I messed up earlier
today I'll include a link to the recipe
below all right I have about a half a
tablespoon that should be enough you
might be wondering what we're going to
be doing with all this mess and and what
we're going to making today is low carb
chimichangas my folks are one of the
people that brought chimichangas into
northwest Iowa for the first time so I'm
just going to continue that to make into
the low carb world and make a low carb
chimichanga with these wraps so come
back in a little bit after the ground
beef and the vegetables are finished
cooking and we'll catch back up then
alright welcome back then take my
chimichangas and put them gently into
the oil I'm cooking these at 350 degrees
you may have to hold them down with a
fork just to make sure that the top and
bottom get done at the same time you
might be wondering what I'm going to be
serving with the enchiladas well I'm
going to be making the covering them
with a dollop of Las Palmas enchilada
sauce the good thing about the last
promise that I just got at super walmart
was that is made with no sugar on the
label so I don't have to necessarily
make my own Ancelotti sauce if i can
find this one and will serve it with a
dollop of sour cream alright now we're
going to take our two forks and attempt
to roll it over this is one of the
reasons why you want it really filled up
well with your toothpicks and we're
going to leave it in in here for about
Oh 20 more seconds I want to thank you
guys for watching I hope this reaches
that one in great health I'll talk to
you guys later bye
you