[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to my channel I
hope you guys are having a great day
today's DIY is a mercury glass pumpkin
decor DIY I truly appreciate a beautiful
mercury glass pumpkin and I wanted to
really incorporate that into my fault
decor this year but I didn't really want
to pay for the price tag of what they
were going for in the store so I decided
to create one for myself so here are the
inspirations for this DIY I found
several mercury glass decor online but
they were going for 50 60 or even $70
worth but I didn't want to pay that much
so I decided to create one for myself so
I picked up this pumpkin jar glass jar
from Amazon I think I paid a little over
seven dollars for it and I will also be
using the spray bottle here which I put
in half water and half vinegar and I'm
also going to be using the mirror effect
spray paint for Everest Oh Liam so I
went ahead and I just taped out the
edges of my jar also going to be
incorporating this vase that I already
had at home into this DIY so first I
took the mixture of the water and
vinegar and you want to spray that into
the jar
and then I took my spray-paint and I
want to shake that for about three to
five minutes and now I'm just gonna go
ahead and spray the inside of the jar
and you should have a mixture of the
water and the vinegar with the paint
left in there so you want to swirl that
around which is what I'm doing here and
then I took my paper towel and I just
dabbed off any excess liquid and also
depth around a jar to create that
beautiful mercury glass effect and here
it is after the first spray paint so I
repeated the same steps and here it is
after the second spray paint and I did
that for the third and the fourth time I
didn't want it too dark because I was
gonna put some light in it and I really
want the light to shine through so I
didn't do it too dark
and I also repeated the same steps for
the top cover and here is the final
result of my DIY here I really really
love the way this turned out and it
really goes well with my style this is
absolutely beautiful guys I am so happy
with the end result here I put some
Dollar Tree string battery-operated
lights in there and here is how I am
currently using it in my home to
decorate for the Fall I think this is a
beautiful project to do and it's so
inexpensive so I hope you guys enjoyed
this DIY if you did please go ahead and
give this video a big thumbs up and
leave me a comment down below and let me
know if this is something that you would
try this fall and also if you're new to
our channel I would love for you to join
the Mojo style family by hitting that
subscribe button and on to next time you
guys have a wonderful day take care bye
bye
oh yeah