hi everyone I'm naren and welcome to my
kitchen and today we have a dessert
recipe that will be perfect for Mother's
Day this is my quick and easy Ambrosia
cake it's got four ingredients in the
cake and it's got a couple of
ingredients for the topping and I just
know you're going to love it and so is
your mama so let's go see how this all
comes together
[Music]
all right as we go over the ingredients
we're just going to throw this together
I thought this Ambrosia cake would be an
excellent idea for Mother's day since
Mother's Day is just a couple of days
away this is super easy even your kids
can make this if they're old enough to
work in the kitchen um with supervision
if they're not but this is really easy
and it has very few ingredients really
four for the cake and then we're going
to whip some cream later when the cake
is cool and that's what we're going to
top it with um so this is super simple I
have done a video of Ambrosia cake in
the past but is very poor quality and I
thought I would go ahead and redo it
I've since actually updated the recipe a
little bit by adding something
additional so what we're going to start
off with this is one angel food cake mix
now if you get the kind that has two
envelopes just dump them both in the
bowl we're not going to follow the
instructions on the box if you get an
angel food cake mix that just has one
pouch with everything in it then you're
just going to dump it in the bowl and
then what we're going to do is we're
going to take a 20 oz can of crushed
pineapple with the juice and we're going
to get our hand mixer and we're going to
beat this
together just go ahead and get that all
Blended up we're not going to need the
mixer anymore now and now what we're
going to do go ahead and run your
spatula around the sides and down across
the bottom of the bowl just to make sure
everything was mixed in really well and
we're going to had this is a 16 oz jar
of marcino cherries that I have drained
and then I poured them out onto a paper
towel and I kind of patted them dry and
then I ran my Chopper through it so
we're going to go ahead and put that in
there and this is one 14 o can of
Mandarin oranges that has also been
drained we're just going to go ahead and
fold this through now I have in the past
just tossed the pineapple and the
cherries in here and use my mixer to mix
that up but that makes the cherries
super tiny and I would rather have the
cherries a little bit more substantial
than
that so then what we're going to
do is I have a 9x13 baking pan I'm going
to give it a
spray I have my oven preheated to
350Â° and we're just going to pour this
in in
here I made this cake last weekend and
everybody really liked it and it's super
fast to put together now just go ahead
and kind of distribute your fruits
because you don't want you want
everybody to get fruit in their
piece and the angel food cake tends to
look like it's a little foamy so don't
worry about that cuz it's mostly dried
egg whites anyway we're going to bake
this at 350 for 25 minutes until a
toothpick inserted in the center comes
out clean I will bring you back when
it's done and we're ready to frost it
okay our cake is almost cooled all the
way so now it's time to make the topping
now a lot of people like to use Cool
Whip I personally am not a fan so I like
to use whipped cream but I like to
stabilize my whipped cream so we're
going to make this coconut and vanilla
topping for our Ambrosia cake and what
we have here is 2 cups of heavy cream
and then I'm going to put in just a few
minutes a tablespoon per cup so 2
tablespoons of clear gel and this is
modified food starch clear gel is used
in Canning so this is instant style
clear gel and you want to make sure that
it's instant you don't want to use uh
regular because that has to be cooked
we're going to fold in a cup of shredded
coconut when we're done whipping the
heavy cream and then we're going to add
1/4 of a cup of granulated sugar and
some Vana vanilla at certain stages in
the whipping process so what we're going
to do is we're going to get this this
heavy cream started and we're going to
beat it to soft peaks I just have my
hand mixer fitted with the uh balloon
[Music]
whips okay you see how the air is
starting to incorporate in there and
it's looking like soft peaks now it's
the time when you want to sprinkle in
your
sugar add a splash of vanilla this is up
to you I'm going to use about a
tablespoon but you can use more or less
and then I'm going to add my 2
tablespoons of my ultra gel or my
modified food starch or my clear gel
whatever you're going to call it that
stabilizes the cream right it stabilizes
the cream so that the cream won't
liquefy after it's been refrigerated it
will stay um a nice solid whipped cream
topping like a frosting so we're going
to beat this until it stiff
peeks okay and that's when you want to
check it for
flavor
okay is it all right
honey I'm so glad I have you around I
don't know what i' do without
you then I'm just going to go ahead and
scrape down the
bowl and I'm going to add my coconut
right to the whipped cream and I'm just
going to fold it in now it's entirely up
to you do you want to toast your coconut
you can do that I didn't toast mine cuz
I'm being lazy I'm not going to be I'm
just going to be completely honest with
[Music]
you either way you do it it's going to
be great and you can also opt to just
put the uh Whi topping on the cake and
then sprinkle it with coconut if you're
not a coconut fan you know what to do
leave it
out we're going to go ahead and put it
here now when I took it out of the oven
I put my hand on top of it like that and
you know that's what happened we're just
going to go ahead and top
it and spread it
out and as long as your cake is cool you
can serve this right away you don't need
to wait for it to be refrigerated it's
good immediately
this is a great cake to take to a
potluck or if you're having a like um a
bring a dish supper with family or a
summer picnic or really any occasion I
think this is so delightful it's
refreshing and and the mouth feel of it
actually reminds me a lot of the Jello-O
cakes that my mom used to make when I
was a kid so this is super refreshing
freshing and delicious okay I'm going to
go get a plate and we're going to cut
you a slice of this delicious Ambrosia
cake that's going to be perfect for your
Mother's Day dinner there you have it
our delicious and beautiful Ambrosia
cake I mean look it it's so festive
looking and pretty and all that fruity
goodness has baked in there I love this
recipe it's super easy to make and like
I said it's perfect for your kids if you
want to get them started in the kitchen
of course with adult supervision with
the oven and all but the whip topping
that has the coconut folded into it is
just like a little extra surprise
because you don't really know what's in
there until you bite into it so I'm
going to take a bite Rick's going to
taste
it what do you
think they is ambrosia
yummy it tastes just like Ambrosia M
delicious now I did want to tell
you I know some of y'all are not marcino
Cherry fans
just leave them out there's no reason
to uh compensate for that
ingredient because we're just adding it
in there if you wanted to add an extra
can of Mandarin oranges that have been
drained that would be perfect and it
would still be just as delicious this
cake is wonderful I just love it I know
you're going to love it I hope you
enjoyed today's video and I want to
thank you for joining me
today if you like today's video please
consider giving me a thumbs up and if
you're not already please hit that
subscribe button and welcome to my
channel I hope that you'll continue to
come and visit me in my kitchen to see
all the delicious recipes that we always
are cooking up if you are a subscriber
please be sure and hit that Bell button
because we want to make sure that you're
notified whenever we upload a video
because we don't want you to miss out on
all the real food for real people real
easy recipes that we present all the
time right here on our YouTube channel
and straight from our kitchen I hope
you'll give this Ambrosia cake a try
whether it's for Mother's Day or any
occasion and I hope you love love it and
until next time I'll see you
[Music]