[Music]
how do you get rid of wasps in your
grass
[Music]
finding a wasp nest in your grass is an
intimidating prospect unlike a hanging
nest you don t know it s there until you
stumble upon it while doing a little
yardwork if you have happened upon an
underground nest you are most likely
dealing with Yellowjackets also known as
the meat B they require large amounts of
protein during the larvae growing stage
of the different types of wasps the
Yellow Jacket is one of the more
aggressive types when defending their
nest however there are steps you can
take to get rid of wasps in your grass
things you will need
empty 2-liter soda bottle scissors or a
sharp knife raw hamburger meat fruit
juice or soda duct tape clear glass bowl
or cake cover brick cut off the top of
an empty 2-liter soda bottle with your
scissors or a sharp knife make sure to
cut low enough that the width of the
opening of your trap is even a good
place to cut is along the top of the
label make your wast bait fill the
bottom of the bottle with fruit juice or
soda and add the hamburger meat use
enough liquid to drown the wasps but be
sure the meat is large enough to stick
out above the fluid you also can use
wine or beer insert the top of the cut
off portion of the soda bottle upside
down into the part with your wasp bait
make sure to remove the bottle cap first
use the duct tape along the edges of the
bottle to secure the two pieces together
place the draft near the wasp nest the
Yellowjackets will be attracted to the
bait and fly into the bottle but will
then be unable to find their way out
eventually they will drown in the liquid
if you have a trap full of dead
Yellowjackets but still see more flying
around make another trap until they are
gone
[Music]
tips warnings
[Music]
another easy way to get rid of wasps in
your grass is to take the top of a class
cake top or a glass bowl and place it
over the opening in the ground where the
nest is located put a brick on top to
weight it down by using a glass cover or
a bowl the light will trick the wasps
into thinking there is a way out to turn
them from digging another hole however
they will be trapped buzzing around
until the nest starves to death because
of the aggressive nature of the
yellowjacket always take caution when
trying to get rid of these wasps in your
grass or garden if you are highly
allergic to the venom contacting a
professional pest removal company may be
a safer alternative than trying to take
care of the nest yourself
[Music]
you