your homes going on YouTube so I tried
to make this video last week didn't
quite go to plan as the weather was one
great and too wasn't really in the mind
right mind frame to film this so today
I'm going to talk to you about sugar
clear up a few myths and kind of put
your mind at ease really cuz it's not
all that bad whilst on going through
this he gets to watch me devour big old
piece of cheesecake and some ice cream
and also chess workout I did last
weekend which was pretty mad so yeah
let's get into it
[Music]
okay this topic gets quite complex quite
quickly but I'm gonna try and keep it as
simple as possible so we're gonna start
with what sugar is now what's common
knowledge is that glucose is the formal
name of sugar and fructose is the formal
name for fruit sugar this isn't true
table sugar or sugar as we know it is a
one to one ratio chemical combination of
glucose and fructose known as sucrose
now this is different from normal
québécois sorry
what's scientifically known as sugars
because sugars are a biochemical
compound that it's a water soluble
carbohydrates that are typically sweet
so that includes so many things
including lactose in milk that is a
sugar so now I'm hoping that we debunked
the myth of fruit sugar fructose and
normal sugar glucose not true
sugar is you know it is sucrose now in
fruits you do get more free fructose and
more free glucose but you also get that
sucrose so it really depends on what
you're eating unless you've looked into
it assume you're eating citrus or sugar
okay next natural versus refined sugar a
difficult one to start on so refined
sugar is typically taken from sugar beet
or sugar cane which is a plant so we are
extracting sugar from natural sources
and having it into a more easily
accessible form the reason we do this
specifically from sugar cane is sugar
beets
rather than other crops vegetables and
fruits is because of the sucrose to free
glucose to free fructose proportions
throughout this crop compared to others
which can be seen here in the USDA
National nutritional database so you
could extract refined sugars from any of
these other sources that you say contain
natural sugars but it's just less
efficient and the way we get refined
sugar is not too dissimilar from the way
we get salt from sea water effectively
evaporating off the excess liquid from
these crops that then leaves sugar
crystals behind just in a more easily
accessible form for us to use later now
we're going to talk about fructose which
was my biggest fear around sugar and
that's because of its constant
comparison with alcohol due to the way
they are both metabolized which is
through the liver and it causes many
many issues like dependencies addiction
increased weight gain specifically
adipose tissue gain I get fat and also
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease or
just fatty liver disease if you're
drinking a study that I found on
examined calm which is a very
well-respected
nutrition website studied the effect of
fructose overfeeding and healthy men so
they had a 25% caloric surplus made up
of fructose and they found amongst many
other things the thing I'm most worried
about was s
times increase in denovo litter genesis
then when compared to regular sugar what
this is is a conversion of excess sugars
into fat and so put it simply they found
increase of fat conversion from the over
consume calories increased six times
than that from normal sugar
overconsumption and in the form of
adipose tissue which is fat under the
skin which is this type of fat that
makes you look fat rather than visceral
fat all your internal fat which is just
dangerous now although this other study
did tell us the eating fructose is
exceptionally bad view it is considered
similar to being an alcoholic when eaten
in the surplus as long as you don't eat
it in a surplus there are countless
studies showing that there is no one
equivocal evidence that ingestion of
fructose over any other sugar is
directly related with adverse metabolic
effects as long as you eat it in
moderate doses and stay within your
caloric requirement so don't overeat and
honestly you can eat as much sugar as
you like but stay within your caloric
requirement you will get fat and have
issues okay now we're gonna cover the
last topic of the day which is sugar and
weight gain so over my next couple of
points I'm gonna hopefully try and
convince you as to why you shouldn't
have a diet high in sugar let's get
started
so we as humans have an innate response
to over consume sugar and this kind of
makes sense if you eat something that is
palatable and you enjoy it you want to
over consume and there's research done
which I'm gonna put on the screen that
shows this so the more possible you find
a meal the more likely you are to over
consume and if you don't find something
as enjoyable you're less likely to
continue eating once you are full I can
definitely relate to this because I
really really love ice cream and so the
chances of me having just one scoop yeah
good luck
I can actually go as far with this as to
say the ice-cream makes me less full so
yeah this was a myth I think my mom told
me when I was like 10 and it stuck with
me forever when I'm full I'm gonna grab
some ice cream and I'm gonna be less
full there's a study that I found that
show the effects of form of the food
that you're eating and appetite so it
concludes that intake of nutrients
through liquids results in a less
satiety effect leaving one at risk to
over consuming ie if you drink your
calories you're more likely to over
consume as did every participant in this
study by up to 15% of their daily
calories over consuming this is why I
personally would recommend eat your
calories and drink only water this is
where I would like to make a statement
which I personally believe and I'm not
sure if anyone else does but I would say
that fruit juice consumption is bad and
I would really watch this and I
personally believe it to be worse than
chocolate sweets sorry candy or other
empty sources of calories due to its
this additional fact of how easy it is
to over consume fruit is very high in
sugar the reason fruit is considered
healthy to eat is because you tend to
not be able to eat enough fruit to get
the amount of sugar but one glass of
fruit juice say one glass of apple juice
is going to have four apples in it try
eating four apples in one go you're
gonna feel uncomfortable but you can
drink a glass of apple juice no problem
at all
but my personal recommendation to you is
to stay away from juice okay the last
thing I'm going to discuss in this final
topic is some research I found from the
University of Columbia which was done
for the Women's Health Initiative which
noted an increased diet of sugar was
correlated with increased odds of
depression and mood swings which I can
personally relate to because I've noted
throughout my life that the higher
intake of sugar I have the more volatile
my mood which also lends itself to over
consuming because I know I'm not the
only person on this planet to do it
I can't for eat and so if my mood is all
over the place
chances are I'm gonna eat more being a
caloric surplus and get fat
thank rather gain weight sorry so I
would recommend not having a diet high
in sugar for quite a few reasons but as
long as you are within your caloric
requirement ie you're tracking how much
you're eating you're not overeating
honestly eat what you like I know my
girlfriend at the moment is doing an if
it fits your macros diet
she has chocolate or smoothie pancakes
every single day and she's currently
losing weight because she doesn't she
watches what she eats and she doesn't go
over the amount of calories she needs to
maintain her body weight okay that's the
end of the video if you liked it if you
found informative please give it a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
let them know that they shouldn't be
scared of refined sugar any more than
they should be scared of fruit and
warned them to stay away from fruit
juices but honestly just watch what you
eat watch the amount that you're eating
and then you can eat whatever you want
as long as it's within reason so have a
great day
and thanks for coming back again peace
wait wait I almost forgot
hit that subscribe button I'm gonna put
it there hit it and then I'll flex in
the next video because flex for
subscribers yeah where that would be
but without shirts and stuff peace