we want to give a shout out to Oreo
dollies thanks for the request and just
craft it for this craft you will need
printables from our blog corks hot glue
reflective tape or scrapbook paper
double-sided tape assorted black beads
and buttons craft foam a paper
roll and black scrap paper start by
taking your paper roll and cover it with
reflective scrapbook paper you can also
use a reflective tape or aluminum foil
you can use double-sided tape or glue it
into
place next take a skinny strip of black
paper and tape it to the bottom I'm
using a double-sided tape to keep it in
place once that's on you'll want to take
a wider strip of black paper and tape it
to the top of the coffee ear now turn it
upside down on a piece of black paper
trace the size of the circle cut it out
and then glue it to the top of your
coffee
[Music]
ear for the spout you can use assorted
size black beads glue them together and
then glue them to the front of the
coffee ear we're using these oblong
beads that we made for our hot cocoa
stand and for added detail you can add
black buttons to the top of the coffee
ear now cut out the printables from our
blog you should have a coffee sleeve a
small cup and a large cup if you can't
print these out pull them up on your
computer screen and trace it onto your
paper for the small cup you want to use
a number six size cork you can cover the
front with packaging tape to give it a
glossy look and to attach it you can use
double-sided tape or glue for the large
cup you can use a number 10 size cork
once your cups are ready you can fill in
the empty space on the top with hot
glue for the lid of the coffee cup you
want to take wider black foam and then
cut out two circles for each lid one
Circle needs to be a little bit bigger
than the cup and one Circle a little bit
smaller then before your hot glue dries
in your cup you can place them on top
you might want to have these cut out
before you fill the top of your cup with
the hot glue for the lid opening you can
draw it on with a pencil or you can use
a tiny hole punch to punch out the hole
you can also use assorted size buttons
for your lid just play around with the
different sizes for the cup sleeve all
you have to do is fold one side over
make sure your logo is on the front
center and then fold the other side
over to keep it in place use
double-sided tape on the back and now
you can open it up and you have the
perfect size sleeve for your coffee cup
let's see if it
fits give this video a thumbs up if your
dolls love Starbucks and leave us a
comment with your favorite drink
[Music]
oh