hi I'm Nikki Muller and I hope they're
going to pick up a copy of sicko and
want it for the November cover I'm
talking about a couple things that are
really important to be right now I think
they might resonate with you especially
if you are an intensely busy person
making the family or just have a lot of
things going on and it's probably every
single person out there right what I'm
starting to notice recently is how
important it is that you come first that
you become priority and that you make
yourself a priority in your life and
that can sound really overwhelming
especially because we have so many
responsibilities if you think about the
number of people who depend on you being
family or friends or parents or
colleagues you think how can I make time
for myself it really is essential and
honestly their little gear shifts that
you can do in small changes that i
believe make a really big difference so
one of the things that I like to do is
just make sure that every day I do
something for myself it sounds like a
big ass but it's not it could be three
minutes
30 minutes I like to go swimming the
reason I love swimming don't want even
bother me no one will be out of the
water nobody can text me know yeah like
me you're just concentrating on yourself
on the web on the breath so that's one
thing so exercise whatever it is or
maybe it's just going shopping on your
own and making sure that you do make
time for yourself the other day you're
always worth it another thing is just
surround yourself with like-minded
positive people right you very very
selective about the people that you keep
in your group and around you because
they certainly influenced you right
unfortunately sometimes we're going to
barrett's I love you that was you know
you can't choose some of the people to
colleagues that are around you but you
can curate your sphere of friends so be
very selective and make sure that they
are adding value to your life in some
form or fashion I like the idea of
having friends of all ages the young
ones keeping young the ones your age
understand what you're going through and
the older ones have been there done that
so they can guide you also do not be
afraid to travel this one is fabulous
it's a big classroom you can learn so
much so travel travel on your own and
may sound scary but you all one of the
things that you learn because then you
also discover how to get to know
yourself and how to be your own friend
how to enjoy your own company a lot of
people
so dining by yourself that's totally
fine don't bring a magazine don't bring
a book lots of little things also your
space tie up your space especially your
bedroom because that's where you are
let's recite treats where you want to
rest the more things you have piling up
a little notice that it gets to you but
here it takes you because all of that is
energy so keep it as simple and as
relaxed as possible and yeah good luck
remember you are worth it put yourself
first because that's not selfish at all
that just means the best way to have
positive life because people depend on
you and you better make sure that you're
good