welcome to the pipe shams facility of
north america here is a pipe that we're
going to cut this piece of conduit and
measure that pipe first I'm going to
measure in a couple spots and then I'm
going to show you how to quickly cut
some pipe so I'm just marking it off
some different spots just taking another
one here to get one of their measurement
okay so just getting these damn gonna
mark one right down here as well for a
little longer a little longer pipe so as
you can see you're looking right down
the end piece of conduit here put my
pipe cutter on there like this you want
to make sure it's pretty exact because
you want those pipes to sound correct
you're just turning that pipe cutter as
quick as you can
this and voil√° breaks right off now we
got another part here now starting here
this in start cutting right here and
here we go we're just cutting this fast
as you can you just keep on cutting
cutting as quickly as you can and wallah
you are done with the pipe cutting okay
so this is how you actually drill the
holes in the pipe
you got your pipes numbered you got them
cut to the correct length you take them
over the drill press turn on your drill
press next
Lucky's here if you have a drill press
you got a make sure you get your safety
blast drill halfway through
start drilling on the other side
sometimes is best to start off with a
little
roba
you can see that big girl bill who's
kind
straight for a second
see once it bites in it's good I like to
get the drill bit a little further up
into the chuck make sure you got your
safety glasses on and there you go
there's a hole there's another hole on
the other side this is the twentieth
pipe and I'm going to put the thread
through here and then we're going to
start hitting some pipes in just a few
moments here okay I'm just going to show
you how to quickly string a few of these
chimes the best thing I like to do is
string them all at once and then just
cut the strings down to about eight nine
inches what I like to do is put a figure
eight knot right at the top so I'm just
going to wrap around twice like this and
voila figure eight knot just holds
better at the top it's not going to come
out especially with these strings so go
around twice loop it this is a little
just keep them on go on there are 21
chimes in a set just so you're where
it's zero to twenty twenty being the
smallest chime which is about seven on
five-eighths the largest chime is 13 and
3/4 that's it that's how you do it okay
we're now done here's your twentieth
pipe right here labeled number 20 so
when you get together with your family
on Christmas Eve or for whatever party
you're doing or whatever song you want
to sing primary whatever what you do is
you hold the pipe like this and what you
want to do is you want to hit with some
pretty solid a nice ruler like this it's
going to work good a big nail like this
you can get from Home Depot
this is just an aluminum roof gutter
nail it works pretty good
rulers a little different sound not
quite as much nails just really give you
that resonating sound bold knives get it
di or if you want to simply use Brook
Road knife or spoon those all work
really good as well
you just want to get a good sound out of
it hit right in the middle good sound