[Music]
well welcome to another Memphis money
Memphis money 1:19 you know the my buddy
hug that gave me my paper had up there I
was talking to him I said what's my my
prized possession of everything I own
and you know is there any way I can pay
you back is there anything I built for
you
he said well you couldn't build me a
birdhouse so that's what we're going to
do today today we're going to build a
birdhouse condo I think it's going to be
pretty fun but we're not going to have
any fun we're not going to get the
birdhouse done we're not going to get
anything done unless we do what I try we
need to knock off the chitchat and get
to work my buddy really didn't give me a
whole lot direction on what kind of
birdhouse he wanted main thing he could
say is that he you know he wanted to be
big enough for a few for a few birds not
a giant hotel or anything but you know
with the several nesting boxes so I got
on the internet and this one caught my
eye so we're going to build something
like this in support of our efforts
today I built this prototype but it's
got the five nesting boxes it's got a
nesting box in the main tower at the top
and at the bottom and then it's got
these three smaller nesting boxes that
are clustered around the main the main
center part there
I made the prototype out of exterior
plywood but we're going to make our
project out of cedar the project is all
the wood in the project as one of three
sizes either seven or six or four and a
half
[Music]
[Music]
where's our stock there's the 7 7 inch
board 6 inch board and four and a half
inch board let's go look at some of the
parts you have to mate for we a look at
the UH
all the parts and let's talk about some
of the features it's going to be 2 ways
to get into the boxes one this front
this front right here it doesn't move
easily but it moves and you can open it
up and clean the box out also I'm going
to apply the ruse with two screws up
here underneath the eaves so you can get
in the box by taking those two screws
out the boxes have this is four and a
half inches here this is the back of the
box this is the front this is I made
this too long and it won't open
but the on our piece it'll be wide
enough to open and it's got a bottom in
it we've got various size holes here and
a little perch
you saw me cutting out the sides I'll
take the side off this on the tie to use
these them longer brass screws so that
this thing will pivot on that on that
bearing right there then the sides we
just cut out will go right in there like
that oh forget that we got all six of
these sides done now let's work on the
frontier
[Music]
yeah I got the angle cut here now this
will go in here so our side goes like
that and then this goes on the inside
and meets up with that meets up with
that angle right there okay now we've
got to put a put the hole in the box
right there for the bird to go in this
is kind of a subtle thing but on this
hole that goes in for the bird to go in
there you want to drill that hole at a
slight angle it's only about five
degrees but it's enough to let water
drain out of that hole that catches on
that edge I just got it propped up here
with this piece of strapping here I got
the camera set up so you actually see
that bit going in at a five degree angle
setting up for a different size a
different size hole this is the big big
hole and then this is a smaller hole but
instead of using a Forstner bit I'm
going to use this hole saw bit and see
if that works I know it'll work
and all the pieces parts here for the
boxes let's go see what the next job is
the next part we have to cut out is this
inner wall on the tower it's four half
inches wide about 19 inches tall I got
to cut the stock cut so it'll go right
in there like that now we got to do is
we've got to cut the peak for this roof
the 27 degree angles right here let me
show you how to get
[Music]
and if I come over here and check that
angle right there should be the same
like that okay now we need to put a bird
hole right here
the next part we're going to make are
the wide size of the tower six inches
wide 18 inches long and the only tricky
part is I got to put this a 27 degree
angle appear for the piece of the roof
these a long wide sides have to be
exactly the same the right length so
that the peak of the roof lines up with
this bevel here so instead just
measuring this and Technic I'm laying it
out and then I'll go down here and
measure exactly where I need to cut okay
this is the front now the back is
different let's go look let's go take a
look at that
yeah we're head and unscrewed that thing
so you can see how these how these
pieces are constructed
see on this piece you can see yeah we
have this 27 1/2 degree angle at the
bottom it's angled in or angled out and
then we have the 27 degrees here at the
top so let's cut out this piece
[Music]
well everything fits together here now
we're going to work on the this bottom
door this will have the the access hole
in it and it will also be a trap door
this piece will be it's kind of
important because it's the only way you
can get into that bottom nest so this
has to be cut pretty accurately this is
a four and a half wide seven and a half
ball and it's got this 27 degree angle
on it well that little bottom piece fits
in real good you notice I let the little
gap here I was having trouble rotating
this thing out on the prototype it was
hit against a bottom of the deck okay
let's look the next part okay the next
two parts we've got to do are these
internal spacers here this this one acts
as a bottom and then this one separates
the two brooding chambers inside the
tower there's art there's our little
platforms mocked up and you notice
they're set in three-quarters of an inch
so that the
our other sections will fit in here and
our other section will fit in here like
this here's the prototype lid it's 7
inches wide the one side of the eave
here is 6 inches there is a 27 degree
bevel on this on the top here and this
is the only place on the project we're
going to be used in staples and glue
these are galvanized staples but
[Music]
so there's our happy little roof the
other three rooms are just basically
just half of this thing so just like one
side so I'm going to make three more of
these half words I'll go ahead knock
those out I got those those parts all
cut out and what I'm doing now is go
ahead and stain everything before we do
any assembly it's easy to extend now and
it'll look better too so let me go ahead
and get this thing and done and I'll
show you a final result and we'll start
doing some assembly looks like our
birdhouses and through a our prototype
birdhouses then through a tornado but
over here that all the pieces stained
for our new new birdhouse and
importantly I have got the I've got the
screw holes all countersunk every place
it needs screw holes I won't let this
dry completely but I'll let it dry a
little bit so that it doesn't smear when
we put it together
well that is we'll do some we'll do some
assembly once I anything making the
parts I forgot to make here installing
the perch Mouse
[Music]
I'm Holies in with a little glue most of
them have a pretty tight fit anyway but
I've been called and stuff I'm up the
treatments wood with stain that's
probably what it is but this company
calls it woodland oil and the color is
called Mountain easier now putting it
all together here we'd better buy a
lottery ticket because so far all all
the pieces of fits
[Music]
and it's pre-drilled on the other side
here I'm installing the little the
little roof on the back what I'm doing
here is attaching the tower to the base
and then the base this base would be
attached to this platform and then the
platform will be attached to a post
then this whole institution will be
mounted on this platform here
okay back to our original
sample picture we got off the internet
exceed three boxes here the left box is
all the way up against the top eave up
here the middle box is all the way down
on the platform and the right box is
about halfway in between and so that
there is no hint of originality in this
project I got the boxes configured here
and that exact scheme each of the three
boxes come with a cleat here in the back
and the boxes are attached via that
cleat
I'm putting the lids on now I'm going to
be screwing the lids on I'm only going
to put two screws in one here and one
there
now those curves would be somewhat
protected by this eve here but the main
thing that will protect those screws is
the fact that I'm screwing into the side
panels here not into the chamber
now I could put some dope or something
on here to seal it up but I want to be
able to I want to be able to take this
top off anything is going to use
anything it's going to be outside in the
Sun and the weather you can't use
polyurethane it only lasts about a week
in the Sun you have to use stuff called
a stuff called a spar varnish and
there's another some other stuff called
spar urethane I'll put a coat of finish
on this thing and we'll and we'll take a
look at it
I'm going to draw back some spar varnish
is that it takes a long time to dry like
24 hours and then even then it's not
completely divided well I think it
turned out real nice looks really good I
think I can say that because I didn't
design it and I copied copied it exactly
right off the internet so my compliments
to whoever designed it because I think
it's not pretty handsome design that
little trap doors here this is the back
here's the alley
[Music]
well that will do it for another Memphis
Monday Memphis Monday 1:19 making the
large bird house you know I know it's
just a bird house but you know I think
we've got some takeaways did a lot of a
lot of devils and angles and did some
mass construction and a little bit
different so I don't know can you think
of anything else I can't either
oh yeah make sure you're back here next
week for another exciting Memphis Monday
that you're playing along
[Music]