today it's the law and expert here
today I want to have a chat about the
the herbicide that we use on onion weed
and onion grass in in most turf grasses
this this herbicide is is dess it's it's
called destiny and it's made by Bayer
and I just want to give it a really good
rap and I've actually got it just behind
me there on top of the on top of the
spray unit
I've just got a packet over there just
so I can show you a bit later but I've
got to give it a really good rap because
it's fantastic on selectively removing
onion weed and onion grass and a few
other broadleaf weeds like oxalis and
bindi from most turf grasses when I say
most turf grasses you cannot use it on
rye grass and Queensland blue couch but
it's a it's a great product
and I just want to endorse it because I
think it's very good and it's great in
our arsenal love of herbicide products
that we use up if we just go in closer
I'm going to take a look at the
packaging just say that you can see what
the Destiny packet looks like just just
to give you an idea of the price it's
around about six seven hundred dollars
for for the two hundred and fifty grams
of destiny
very expensive but worth it they can say
the the packaging now ok so here we go
we can see the the the packet the the
box of destiny that we have and as I
said it's it's deer is poison but
absolutely worth it in terms of managing
weeds in all your turf grasses and as I
said except for rye grass and Queensland
blue couch because it will do damage to
those but otherwise you know
rather grasses like buffalo kaki couch
and zoysia that's great for removing
selectively removing onion weed and
onion grass there it is that's destiny
herbicide made by Bayer and it's it's a
great turf herbicide I'll give you more
information in the the fact sheet below
the video