[Music]
hi guys backslash fishing don't do a
smooth tutorial while making a crap
wheel it scrapping the season and
guernsey and that's what we do every
year we're out hunting from with the
crop wheels it's a due date a
traditional way get my rope my words all
mixed up today go Sam live off yeah
we've done a small tutorial on the
making of a crop wheel same to you
hopefully you enjoy that we'll get back
to you on the beach and hopefully we've
got a few so stay tuned guys this map
without Caesar I'm gonna go out for some
spider crabs the old conventional way
that's just simple grab wheels I make
mine a little bit different with the
wire as you can see three pieces of wire
mesh netting and a little weight on the
bottom we like to fish over the high
tide and it seems to drag them around a
lot so stay tuned guys we're gonna show
you how to post job we've gotta do is
find an old bicycle wheel slide so so I
cut all just boats out then we're going
for the next day
[Music]
you'd rather not for the pliers now the
hands start aching after a while well
after about 10 spokes you better knock
the good old grind that comes out
[Music]
[Music]
that's the end of that we cut the middle
out those ideas cut the rubber out of
here put your shoe in a sec take all
these are already committed it's the
finish result just end up with a rim on
a minion what we're gonna do is put the
net in round now and start weaving the
string in and out of here so nothing's
on the edge to get damaged gotta make
them properly nature netting on all
you're doing is fret neat
each knuckle at the Fred and then going
round it and through the holes so you do
that all the way around until you do you
reach the end
[Music]
when you get to this point we've got to
do is tie these two together creating
your sort of netting then we're gonna
trim it up and then show you the next
stage stay tuned next step when you have
all your net and tie it up all down the
sides just grab a bundle where you want
it this is the old crab pot netting and
this let's toss perfect it lies flat so
we're gonna go up out there twist it off
and cut it off all we do now is we've
the bottom all the way around so we can
pull it tight and strap the weight on
and we're ready for wire they do nice
its shape of it now just want it you
want it a little bit deep so you can
there the cap of the crabs will fall in
looking good so far
this will lay flat on the bed over to
the ground now is a short piece of wire
we just got a 10 ounce lad we're putting
that on all the way to the bottom that'd
be your weight to anchor it as we we
chop these out and big tides so we want
them to stay on the bottom a little bit
so we get this on the wire are the first
ones gonna go from this hole to this
hole we want it about a third each time
and I put free wires on so it's stable
and the crabs just walk in once on the
food and then it's on we get these on so
you show the finished product
[Music]
that's the wires on three points on the
wheel so you got loads of room for the
big spiders to come in and sit down have
a feast when you pull it up got plenty
of clearance for trapping them whoo so
we're gonna get the bait the bait needle
on now we do now we've got a piece of
wire it's gonna go from one end all the
way through to the other but what we're
doing to keep the bait in the middle is
gonna have one little loop here and one
about eight inches away or six inches
because quite a small wheel about eight
inches away another loop and then that
will go straight through and sit in the
middle stay tuned guys
[Music]
[Music]
that's the bait so edge all we need now
we're gonna put a pin through here out
of the same wire we're going to fix at
this end and then this one's gonna be
loose and all we do is Fred the bait on
and shove it through this hole and the
craft walk in and they're straight into
my cook pot thank you
[Music]
the bait neither in now thought it is a
piece of wire we froze as much meat as
we want on here and then just bend that
end over and it's these in the middle
crabs walk in a hat you know our last
thing now guys is the little oil on the
top you touched your rope to in this
case we've got a we've got a bit of rope
with the carabiner already on it it
makes your life a bit easier and that's
it that's how you build the old crab
wheel fairly straightforward
now the ropes all long guys anything
left without rope tangled up in it the
only thing left is to try out so stay
tuned we'd be back on the beat got four
bait today the good old macro and then
as a backup we have all the squid from
previous videos of squid fishing for
fishing right into a big gully at the
moment we've got the spin rods with us
of course we'll lure a fisherman by
heart so we'll give me a try our hand at
some rats and some Pollock so hopefully
they're around guys we're getting these
baited up and we get back to you gonna
get this baited up now guys nice big
chunk of macro it doesn't really matter
how you get it on as long as it it's on
safe I like to Fred mine through we've
literally just pulled these out the
freezer so they don't go soft too quick
nice to keep it lying there okay it's
through the hole as you see in the
tutorial sits in the middle like so and
the big ones come in and hopefully they
munch it guys stay tuned
The Smurfs wheel in the water it's all
tied up on the rocks Sam came for a
track it's going to hop on the other
side we like to smother the bag get as
many as we can but we're just praying
that they're here at the moment so stay
tuned folks but let you know when we
start pulling we're sitting and wait in
there got the flash girl every fisherman
loves a good old cup of tea comes of to
cops
that's even better I'm coming whoo it's
a lovely sunny day guys as you can see
first grab of the sash guys it's a small
male no camo spider this one will go
back I'm gonna get a few pictures we're
getting released it's gonna throw the
wheel back that's why I'm going up weed
a bit we're trying to find little
gullies little crevices in there we can
see the bottom at the moment so we're
hoping for some that hide not besides
that's all it is guys don't come in for
another 20 25 minutes to half hour
hopefully we get some big ones and it
gets but now guys taking a few pictures
so this is tyranny we want one with the
shell the size of my hand as you can see
that's tiny and hopefully if we get one
I'm gonna fry them away from my work
wheels then either big ones come in to
him haha just sliced up some old squid
using big chunks like this I'll be Fred
and fries you can see all the guts in
the middle
Sam's got a hefty chunk right there
that's gonna go off on the wheels the
second pull of the wheel this is the
second one we pulled up the first one
didn't have much the first one was a
male this is a female as you can say
Oh Mary its round at the bottom small
claws Fathead whoo it's not what we're
after though guys we want the big ones
but they're slowly getting bigger as you
can see it's almost the size of my hand
but we want some monsters big claws oh
yeah
cannonball stay tuned guys let's go just
poured the yeah the other wheel guys and
boom that's what we came for John to
pick it up me getting all tangled up
that's what we came for guys nice big
spider whoo that's how well the wheels
work it's got nice claws on that one oh
yeah that's a nice spider that guys
whoo stay tuned nice to finally get a
big one guys this one's ready for the
kook plot Sam's just throwing it out
we're using cuttlefish's bait at the
moment and I keep that in there cuz it's
nice and cold keep the crab alive for a
little bit there are two more to pull
around the corner hopefully we get more
guys and that could heal up guys that's
that's a nice female that but we don't
keep the females one I want to keep the
population good woohoo
we're getting the spiders now I'm gonna
keep this water and a frame all down
there so then don't go in the wheels I'm
gonna get a get them all rebated and put
back out we got one more to go not the
last one guys check that one out
Booya that's a big spider that's a nice
one right there that's ready for the
cook pot whoo stay tuned we're gonna get
these rebate yes it gave me a bath show
guys that's our catch so far guys two
night spiders right there this one's
definitely post a bit smaller than this
this one's a monster if we get a few
more like this we'll throw all the
smaller ones back now we're just gonna
keep them in the pocket up now that's
what we do is fill the bucket up with
water and they sit in like so and tied
it off so they can't climb out or with a
pocket don't tip that's it yeah grab
wheels another mail a lot smaller this
one but don't pinch me as you can see a
little bit smaller this one will go back
we're only after the big ones so
cannonball it is now yeah well after the
monsters nothing in that one mate we've
got one more to go guys while waiting to
pull the next crabs these two are going
to go to a friend of ours he's going to
pop up in a minute and see if we've got
enough erm little surprise in his even
this kids they'll have a nice meal out
of there we just pulled up the last
wheel well not the last one sorry
second-to-last little ones on the squid
bait last win of the day small female
so turning on to be going back that'd be
all for this trip guys the fuzz just a
wolf now boys gonna get these bags off
trim give you a final show that was a
big one of the day tonight the fat one
state that food guys we're nearly packed
up now Sam's wrapping up the last of the
wheels there's no joy on the on the fish
in front but hey hey we've got a few
nice spiders hope you enjoyed this
traditional way of spider crab fishing
he can get lobsters in them occasionally
Sam enjoyed himself a mate oh yeah see
if you hell yeah
but glad we got a couple of big ones
Wayne's family will enjoy that so stay
tuned for the next episode guys
you like my channel lock subscribe smash
fishing