now that is a nice Wild Rogue River
Springer Betty hey guys we just got done
fishing on the upper rogue's today I'm
doing a little Springer fishing we had a
great day out there we got lucky and got
one hatchery keeper we released a bunch
of wild fish the hatchery that we got to
keep was full of eggs that's what we're
using today we're out there back
bouncing the salmon eggs that we cured
up in some pots keep fire cure I'm
fishing eggs this time of year it's the
water up here is really cold so the fish
aren't as aggressive they're gonna be on
a quick fish bite they really like the
eggs though that's what we were doing
today cut all of our fish back down some
the pots key red eggs and it worked well
what I'm going to show you since we got
a hatchery hen is how to cure up some
eggs really easily
you got your finish your eggs that you
just pulled out of the fish here you can
see there's a little bit of blood a
little bit of skin line here what I'm
gonna do first off is cut off all this
extra skin if you don't cut that off
when it gets in the water it just gives
you that white skin look there's no eggs
to it so it's completely useless you
want to remove it
just like that
then what we take you can use the
backside of your scissors or a spoon
whatever you got handy you just want to
work this blood out of the eggs the big
key to this is you want these eggs to be
as blood free as possible
that's what's gonna spoil the easiest
and the cure is not gonna really fix
that problem you want to get all this
blood out of here have a nice towel and
dab it as you working it out just use
the backside of your scissors and just
work it out nice and easy out of those
eggs there then the next step is you're
gonna butterfly your eggs you want to
open these skeins up you can see how
they're nice and folded you just want to
open them up and that's going to give
your Cure as much access to these eggs
as possible so that it gets down in
there and every egg gets some of the
cure
hey yo you can see once you butterfly it
out it lays nice and flat the eggs
aren't all bunched up there there we go
we've got both of our scans butterflied
open flip them over so that the skeins
side is up and I take my cure got the
pot skis fire cure that where you've
been using and here I've got a mix that
I've already pre-mixed I've got one
bottle of red one bottle of pink and one
bottle of the pot ski fire power which
is just powder drill up here on the
rogue and I most the rivers here in
Northwest krill is the Salmons main feed
out in the ocean so they really key in
on this krill that's what makes the fire
cure a great cure and just adding that
extra krill makes it even better when
you mix them together put them in a
ziploc bag mix both cures and that
firepower together mix it up real nice
so you've got an even distribution of
the product and then you can put it
right back into the bottles that you
used we're gonna do here is just a nice
layer of cure on the skeins on top
yep make sure you get both of them and
you want to get nice light coverage
throughout the whole skin there we go
what I'm gonna do is just rub this
secure into the skeins here
we're gonna do the same on this side
nice and even light coverage throughout
the whole scam make sure you get all
those eggs
once you got them covered an important
step is you want to work this cure into
the eggs make sure every egg is getting
covered so I just take my fingers and
massage it in there and you'll see all
those eggs turn in a nice pink color
this really helps make sure that every
egg gets cure on it and that way some
eggs don't have a lot some have none get
nice even coverage and your eggs are
going to turn out really well
there we go and you've got your scan
they're all covered in cure take either
a ziplock bag or a quart jar canning jar
you just toss them in there I'm gonna do
the same with this one
I'm gonna massage all that cure into the
eggs there you go it's looking good
throw it in my Ziploc
if you got your eggs in your Ziploc just
close it or if you're using the charge
put the lid on there what you want to do
is massage him make sure you've still
got all that cure getting covered in
there and then what I like to do is I'll
leave them at room temperature for two
hours about every 15 minutes if you can
just toss it make sure you stir them up
get that cure working as they sit here
they're gonna really juice out after
about 15 minutes half hour
there's gonna be liquid covering all
your eggs you still want to keep tossing
them make sure stir them up every 15
minutes for those first two hours once
you hit the two hours if you're using a
zip lock you just want to open it up and
you want to try and get as much of that
air out of there as possible all I do is
roll it up and then close it you're
using the quart jar you can just leave
it as is
what I do so it's at at room temperature
for two hours
throw it in the fridge make sure just
trying to keep track of how you lay them
in there it's a quart jar it's easy this
is if lock just make sure you kind of
keep track of which sides down and then
I like to flip them every four to eight
hours if you can so you take it out all
you do you don't have to stir them up
just flip them over and that'll let that
juice get down and get to those eggs
that we're on top so they're now on the
bottom mix them turn them every four to
eight hours for at least probably the
first 24 hours after that they're good
to fish it's that simple what we've got
here is the finished product after they
sat in the fridge for a good 24 36 hours
I take them out the night before I fish
and I cut them up into bite sized chunks
you can do large small whatever you're
wanting to fish the next day I cut them
up into bait sized chunks like this I
tossed them into a Tupperware container
this year
tunas been a hot set so I add a whole
can of tuna the key to that is make sure
it's tuna canned and vegetable oil you
don't want the tuna in water throw that
whole tuna in there
once again I use the pot ski fire power
here
I give it a nice sprinkle on top and
then I mix that tuna and the firepower
all throughout the eggs
throw them back in your fridge by the
next morning they're perfect
you