[Music]
what's the worst that could happen
oh it smells not what I expected it to
me
oh my good it smells like a Yankee
Candles what is happening in my mouth oh
it is it rates like Christmas
it's just cherry coke yeah it is really
nice I just don't know if you could
drink more than a kind of day of it
26 percent sugar damn cherry coke I mean
talk to Frankfurt if dr. pepper is older
than coke but this is already called a
flavored so the dr. pepper and coke the
Fosters this is the rat poison version
dr. papa boo dr. pepper Terry oh this
smells like more cherry I'm gonna have
the shit's later but right now that's
good I'm telling you at the original dr.
pepper cinnamon and this is cherry now
no I don't understand what the
difference is because the nas was cherry
tooth I don't usually like cherry that's
really good that was dr. pepper cherry
and this is dr. pepper cherry is there
more to say nay yeah she's grande yeah
it's way more powerful but horrendous or
is it it does he's dying right am i
right insane I know
I'm gonna have this the marketing was
like make it point because it's pure
what's the point of zero calories and
zero sugar not loving yourself contains
a source of been the Lenin oh I love
them I mean it's actually pretty similar
to the first one it doesn't taste so
cherish that's why I like it I would say
it tastes lighter it's like yeah if you
don't want to add that money so it
wouldn't waste calories in them this is
like gram that has no calories you're
gonna go to be honest I think you gave
that to someone as real dr. pepper and
they wouldn't know the difference
okay I could be in a dr. pepper add you
could be the guy if you like the tree
falls on do you think this is a good
substitute for dr. pepper like no this
looks like we're in the 50s yeah reminds
me when America used to be great see
there's no what's the worst that could
happen on this and you know why because
we're gonna get diarrhea cherry just
overwhelms everything is there any non
cherry dr. pepper what what is going is
this a trick they all taste the same
I don't like I you think vanilla it's
just in the prove of fact on my life's
different vanilla no these are all be
good ortho like ice cream vodka you pick
one out free and I have to guess which
one it is no just like more cherish and
mysterious this one's the black one I
don't love it yeah I don't hate it
this one's the vanilla one yeah you just
dr. pepper made with sugar what you're
not meant to advertise that this is cool
I like the colors
they got the Khan thing then lovely
Perico is it just me cuz it's green it
smells limey oh it smells the exact same
Hey it tastes like Dr Pepper who knew it
tasty that's me this is the best one
let's sell the same drink over and over
again in different color Khan's that
cinnamon than the other one you can
taste the sugar I think it tastes a
little heavier it tastes the least
artificial and we're all about the
realness year I think it's slightly not
you sir well my tea are starting to hurt
it's slightly more so double-edged sword
I am on such a sugar cross right now
Jaguar dr. pepper final impressions
Nicole