good afternoon everybody welcome back to
our Channel today I'm gonna bring you a
quick video on how I washed my whites we
don't own many white clothes except for
school shirts and mainly my
dressing-gown it's white with grey start
like pale gray stars on it and I like to
wear it all the time
even install that it gets will be unlike
sleeves and places like that so I will
show you it just before I put it in the
wash I will show you what I put in the
wash and psych lab put it on and stuff
like that and once it's washed I will
then come back to you and show you what
a difference it makes so the things I
use in the wash are so what I use when
I'm doing a white wash isn't just my
normal powder so florrick in there as
well and this now this is what I find
really helps so it's called ace they do
actually do one for colors which I
haven't used before but I do this for
all my whites and stuff like that it
does actually say on the bottle it got
knocked by a pink tin so excuse that it
does say you can actually use it for
household cleaning because it does have
bleach in it and which haven't tried
before I just keep it for my whites so
this is my dressing-gown and as you can
see the cuffs and stuff like that get
quite grubby
they are generally just dirty tend to
find if I put them next to the inside
you can kind of see how it will be they
get I've just got little arms and they
just catch on everything and all the
surfaces when I'm cleaning and stuff
like that
I also know the gets like makeup stains
which aren't clean up great around my
collar area let's see on the other side
so yeah this is my collar area which has
got makeup on it
and stuff like that don't to see if I
couldn't guess it's in a better light
there you can see makeup and stuff like
that all around the collar and bits and
pieces and it is also down like the pull
of pearl that sits on the front so I
have put my white bits in there I really
like to give a lot of room so that the
garments can move around freely and what
I wash I put it on is the cotton
intensive and on our machine you can
actually change the temperature so it
would normally when I put it on a cotton
intensive bit for two degrees and I'll
put it all the way up to 90 yes I could
I have done them at 6 to do four but I
find 90 is just so much better and I'm
doing this one during the day but I
normally put it on at night time so that
the electricity and stuff like that is
lot cheaper and so in my draw I will add
scoop of powder and there isn't many
whites in there so we don't need lots in
my night conditioner draw is where I'll
put my stuff Laura I did use the add
conditioner to this bit as well but I've
found that the come out softer without
don't ask me why or whatever I have no
idea and then this says I just an on the
put a good glug in a hundred and 50 mils
so yeah I'm about right with a good gorg
let's open this so I will then put this
into your first draw so this is your pre
wash draw see you and then I will just
shut the draw and set it off to go so I
will come back to you once it's washed
so my dressing gown is come out of the
wash and as you can see all the puffs
are clean because you can see that they
match the inside if you would that's
more bubbly bits than let's say but they
are definitely nice and clean now the
collar where all my makeup was every
knows how hard makeup can be to get off
it is all all of it as come out let's
look at the other cuff and all folded up
after coming out machine is literally
just taking it out so yeah all nice and
clean as you can see there they're not
dirty so yes so if you'd like any more
hints and tips kind of videos like this
one and say stuff for to do with like
just freezers or meal prepping for
freezers bits and pieces like that
household hints and tips is the word I
was looking for then leave us a comment
down below of what kind of hints and
tips you would like and hit that
subscribe button with a notification mil
so you don't miss any more hints and
tips videos or other videos just like
this one thanks bye