what's up everybody welcome back to
mobile to over 60 is number one priority
and today I'm going to show you very
easy but very cool sugar density
experiment let's check this out first
we're going to need four empty plastic
cups tablespoon and sugar and first one
we won't put any sugar and second we're
going to put two tablespoons of sugar
and third one we're going to put the of
them and then fourth we're going to put
four then we're going to put about sixty
milliliter of water I'm using warm water
so it will be easier to dissolve all the
sugar then we're going to put food
coloring mix it all up once again then
we're going to go up blue water which is
has four tablespoons of sugar and pull
it just like this
the next layer we need to pour really
really slowly so I'm gonna go ABBA
so inch or something and just stuck all
that water right on top of this other
water you don't want to mix it up so you
want to put very slowly as you can see
we have two layers now blue and yellow I
wish I had a bigger syringe that way I
can fill it up much much place faster
but yeah use a rim of the glass to pull
the liquid down look at how beautiful it
is you see how it's stuck in a pole
already
and there now last one the red one
doesn't have any sugar at all again
gonna pull it very slowly because I
don't want to mix them you see the red
one starting to form a red layer really
cool again so edge will work a little
well with that experiment probably will
be a lot faster than what I'm doing as
you can see because of the difference of
density of water they do not mix very
beautiful and amazing science is awesome
don't you think and if you think so
thumbs up this video alright guys thank
you for watching to add yourself see how
many layers you can do and I'll see you
next time again
whoa did you hear that did it hurt your
hand
no that's awesome Wow
so