many plants belong to the genus
asparagus and some are used as
ornamental house plants these are
commonly called asparagus ferns they're
small shrubs with slender stems that
often hang and the foliage is
needle-like bright green and very
pleasing and decorative they are grown
in containers that are not overly large
with soft and lightweight soil and good
drainage as for position they prefer
somewhere very bright but not in direct
Sun they are grown indoors or in the
garden during the summer they need
regular watering to avoid leaving the
soil dry for extended periods of time
but also avoid excesses
especially in winter
periodically remove the branches at the
base when they are ruined or have their
tips dried to encourage the growth of
new branches
every two to three years replace the pot
with a larger one also changing all the
soil
if you want you can divide the clump of
leaves and roots in order to obtain two
plants
you