[Music]
your buddy Ganga so spirit a wonderful
returning to this video must obey a
Ambrosius
Ambrosio salad I used to eat this when I
was working in a food um the food home
restaurant but I'm going to make my own
version so you guys like it if you want
to see this video stay tuned welcome to
my channel so they said I'm going to
make a ambrosia salad and I'm going to
show you I have 8 ounces this is the
cool whip and I'm sorry they don't have
the original unlike original but this is
light so one answer this is 1/2 cup of
sour cream and the third ring is going
to number lies the asleep Bunga one this
is I think it's a young fellow remember
but the maraschino cherries and we want
to drain the water we said the water
because we're going to do a recipe for
that one kind of chumps pineapple and
also we're going to drain the water and
mandarine and one can of fruit cocktail
and you can switch your food for
whatever you like
you don't have to put exactly this kind
of food okay you can just change it up
order your favorite foods one can of
condensed milk a condensed milk is a
thick and sweet milk took up off much
metal I'm using the color once you paint
the white one whatever you have in the
amount depends on how much you're gonna
like or you can put a little bit less a
little bit more and this is 1 cup of
shredded coconut
please try coconut and half a cup of
almonds the amount is auction up is you
allergic or you don't like to you have
to put an Indian
and we also want to need a bowl I'm
going to start I open these cans and I'm
going to be settles closes water because
I want to drink it today so the water
from the matter chimicherry and this is
what we're going to do this is very good
idea as you have people to come over
your house or you're going to have a
party this is a perfect idea because
it's all things easy and if something
good like it's gonna look and you go to
there's only place that in there and
this salad has a lot of very everything
so I like it I like it
already - and I'm pretty sure when you
baby salad you're gonna love them I put
it on whipping cream now they have
couple days are pain and it can
condensed milk and make sure when you
put the condensed milk mix that up this
is basically this stuff on your style
okay
and now we're going to mix everything
okay now I have a bigger bowl and then
you're going to miss the stalks the
sauce very well now you're going to add
the fruit remember to drain the the
liquid it's going to be serving and
drink it later and then you're gonna mix
all the fruits the amount that then you
can put a little bit more fruit if you
like so I just put in that amount but
you can put a little bit more of your
life and we're going to add that in
there going to add the whole thing and
we drain the water from Zambia carries
so much metals like coconut shredded
coconuts and the almond and remember the
mo is optional and you can put any not
any not any nuts you like now they find
out race folks
or the Ambrose here I'm going to taste
it
on my opinion is not too sweet it just
perfect the sour cream balance the
sweetness of the Akuma's milk where's
the almonds crunchy are delicious but
remember you don't want to have a moans
you don't have to mmm it's very good I
hope you guys liked this recipe try and
remember like a place num up don't
forget to subscribe to my channel for my
video and please let me share my videos
with your family and friends
you remember my build is all also in
Spanish because that's my primary
language so see you on the next video
that I got dressed
[Music]
you
[Music]