hey guys what's up welcome back to my
channel today is a May 18th which means
it is a national Caesar day now if you
don't know what that is a Caesar is a
drink if you've ever heard of a Bloody
Mary it's very similar to that yeah so
today is May 18th National Caesar a and
not too long ago on my Instagram story I
uploaded a video on how I make my
seizures because in my opinion I make
the best [ __ ] Caesar and I will have
people that would back me up on that
though I thought because the National
Caesar day I would upload the video from
my Instagram story for you guys to check
out maybe make a Caesar today maybe not
some people don't like them but I
definitely love them so I thought I
would celebrate double of this video you
don't follow me an Instagram make sure
you do it in the description of this
video follow me there and yeah enjoy
this quick little video and if you liked
it give it a thumbs up make sure to
subscribe so you can see when I upload a
video next and leave a comment down
below what you put in your Caesar if you
drink Caesars or what your favorite
drink is hope you guys enjoy I'll see
you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]