[Music]
today we're going to be having a look at
a cheese fondue I've just come back from
Switzerland they're all the rage out
there and they're absolutely delicious
and so easy the basics are cheese and
wine when it comes to the cheeses you
don't want anything too strong so I go
for a grer and an emont and for the wine
you want something that's as dry as you
can find don't want it sweet otherwise
it'll ruin the fondue fondu is done in
thirds it's a third of one cheese a
third of another and a third of wine in
wheight so here we've got 200 g of grer
200 g of emti which means we'll need 200
mL of wine you can do it in any kind of
pan but the most important thing is to
get a decent quality pan it's got to be
really heavy solid at least very thick
bottom preferably cast iron and thick
all the way with an enamel inside just
like this they're not expensive brand
new this is about1 20 quid fondue set
but I looked on eBay everyone's selling
them I think I got this one for about 20
quid it's not a lot of money they're
inevitably something that's always in
the back of a cupboard no one ever uses
but personally I love fondue so I have
it actually quite often first things
first what we need to do is season the
pan and we do that by rubbing garlic
around the inside so cut a clove of
garlic in half and just rub it all the
way around the inside of the
pan like so
[Music]
now we've got our pan flavored we need
to heat up the
wine grab your scales zero the pan onto
the scales and add 200 mL of wine A good
rule of thumb is it's 100 ml of wine per
person and obviously you've got to ramp
up the cheese to compensate so put this
on the heat and bring it to a point just
below
simmering next is time to look at our
cheeses grab them out of the packet cut
off the Rind and Grate them
when it comes to Grating there are loads
of food processors that have a cool
attachment to make it second job but as
I'm not making much I'm just going to
use a standard box
[Music]
grater as I said before you don't want
any cheeses that are too strong that's
why these are nice mild slightly sweet
cheeses things like a mature cheddar are
going to make it way too strong and
salty
[Music]
once youve gred all good cheese Chuck it
in a bowl one of the biggest problems
people have when they make cheese F de
is when they're adding the cheese to the
wine it ends up melting the cheese but
it never actually combines with the wine
you end up with loads of liquid and
loads of melted cheese but very
separated in the pan the trick is to use
a little bit of corn flour grab yourself
about half a
tablespoon sprinkle it over the
top and then just mix it through the
cheese this helps it all combine buy
when you add it to the wine that might
look like quite a lot of cheese for the
amount of wine we've got in the pan but
trust me it all comes together really
well now our Wine's pretty much come up
to temperature all we're going to do is
grab a little handful Chu it in and give
it a stir the moment you see the cheese
start to disappear you can add in the
next handful you can probably turn the
heat up a little bit as well as a cold
cheese going into the hot wine does tend
to cool it down a bit
[Music]
now you see how the cheese slightly
separated there's liquid and there's
cheese in here keep stirring and the
cornflour will do its magic and bring
everything
together now turn the heat right down
you don't want the cheese burning to the
bottom of the pan and there we have it
lovely gorgeous
cheese still a few in there from the
bigger bits of cheese that didn't go
through the greater so just keep
stirring it and those will slowly start
to disappear when it comes to seasoning
the cheese fondue do not add any salt
cheese has already got enough saltiness
to it all you're going to add is a
little bit of
[Music]
pepper while the last bits of the cheese
are just melting away you can sort out
your
burner now pretty standard there are
loads of different fuel types you can
get personally I just prefer this
standard fire gel all you do lid off
fill the
base grab yourself a
lighter get it lit careful cuz the
Flame's quite clear you might not see it
and then put the burner hood back on
making sure that the air can get through
and keep the thing burning you want to
turn it down turn a little bit to the
side which cuts off the air holes keeps
the flame a bit lower if it's
overcooking Keep It On full just to get
the flame established before you pop it
on the table pop the grill back on the
top pop the melted cheese on get
yourself some french bread and tear it
up into a bowl nice chunky pieces and
then everyone can cut their bread to
their own size as and when they dip it
and it really is as easy as that that's
enough bread to be getting on with
beautiful cheese oh my gosh this is just
delicious and then all you've got to do
is the a the taste
[Music]
[Music]
test and there you have it I know it's
hard to believe that it's that easy but
it really really is Chuck it on the
table you can have about four or five
people around it without too much elbows
getting in the way and if you want to do
any more get another fun D they're not
expensive and enjoy and as always if
you've like this recipe please do hit
like And subscribe below any questions
at all please feel free to ask um and if
you want me to do anything else just let
me know