how to care for and clean your EXO
sprays exos is fully committed to
producing the very best braces available
regardless of your specific race model
knowing how to care for your EXO's brace
and keep it clean is critical first make
sure you've taken the time to review the
patient instruction booklet you received
from your doctor carefully review the
physicians protocol for brace adjustment
and removal
note that if brace removal or loosening
are not allowed do not get your brace
wet if you can fully remove your brace
for cleaning first carefully remove the
brace then wash the area of your arm and
wrists that are covered by the brace
make sure this area is completely dry
before reapplying the brace using a
cloth with antibacterial soap and water
thoroughly wash and rinse the brace take
your time periodic cleaning of the brace
and skin are critical for hygiene and
odor control if you have removed your
brace for cleaning then after rinsing
the brace completely dab it with a cloth
to remove the excess water
next using a hair dryer set on high
volume and a cool or warm setting
carefully dry the brace be sure to
address both the interior and the
exterior of the brace until they are
both thoroughly dry if your physician
has instructed you not to fully remove
your brace
you can still wash your brace while
wearing it by holding it under a faucet
or cleaning it well in the shower then
with a hair dryer set on high volume and
low heat dry both the skin and the brace
until they are both completely dry while
reapplying the brace pay special
attention to how tightly you are
adjusting the fit
the brace should not be worn too tightly
this may produce excessive mechanical
force or shear forces to the skin for
general wearing the brace should have a
little wiggle room to allow for airflow
you