this is the beautiful Italian
fuka gorgeous lots of flavor and very
simple to make join us as we get baking
our own beautiful
fater fuka is a classic Italian bread
and I've made it many times and you must
try this recipe at home have you made
fuka before never never never made fatea
have you seen it have you eaten it you
like it what's the thing that sticks in
your mind when you eat a f you really
flavorsome where does that come from do
you think the fillings really and the
different herbs that you might use to
put into it Russell and Patrick are
Foodies and regularly explore their
local restaurants and write about them
friends Kate and Kim are both from Devon
and love to bake cakes but Kim says her
yold daughter is a better Baker than she
is I think my fukatu though will get
them all baking and baking well what I'm
doing is I'm adding thyme I'm adding
salt and I'm adding potatoes to it as
well and it roasts on the top of the
fukatu when it's baking believe me you
are really going to want to try this at
home to start making the dough I've got
strong white bread flour instant yeast
salt and olive oil you're making a fuka
in Italy olive oil in these breads I
mean it's throughout I use it when I'm
kneading I use it on the top I use it
when it's finished everything Add Water
a bit at a time you want a wet dough as
this helps the final fo catcher have
those irregular
holes you can see it's soft it's
squidy
yeah okay now you can see it looks a
mess look at the state of my hands now
the whole Beauty when you're doing this
is you use olive oil on the bench
quite a
lot okay and you don't need to use a you
know Vin or just any olive oil day I
mean I've used rape seed oil as well
actually rap rape seed oil is
fine then work the dough until it's soft
and sticky and all the flowers been
Incorporated and all you're doing is
building up the elasticity in the bread
and making it nice and smooth you can
see it's quite rough if I try and open
it up it's getting there now but you see
it braks yeah so you got to work through
do that to create a nice smooth dough
coat it in there again don't be afraid
to have plenty of olive oil this is fuka
I mean fuka is olive oil yeah with a bit
of
bread when it's really smooth cover and
rest the dough until it's doubled in
size the dough will come out looking
like that so again this dough it's full
of air smells fantastic it smells quite
beer
yeah it's fermented it's got flavor in
there Ed you know when it comes out of
the oven it's going to taste fantastic
it's really easy and it's all about the
temperature uh that you prove out if you
don't want to put it in air and coverage
you don't want to put it anywhere warm
and actually I used to put my dough in
the fridge and slow it down and that's
where the Flav that's the trick with
making good bread cover a tray with
olive oil and spread it
out if you noticed that actually for CA
when you look at the bottom it's almost
like it's fried but it it's sort of is
cuz you putting the dough in a little
bit of oil to go it goes into a hot oven
then you begin to stretch your
dough then use your fingers and then
stretch the dough
out lifting it up periodically make sure
you got some olive oil underneath as
well you seem to be um heavy quite
heavy-handed with the dough I think well
you have to be you've got to be you've
got to be in control of it because it
will you know take the Mickey and do
what it wants to do so you've got to
tell it what to do and what's happening
with it so it's quite easy for children
then today because they're quite
heavy-handed of stuff aren't they yeah
they are so again you see you're making
those little divots all over the top
what if you press in too far you can't
look that is going right through to the
base I can't press any
harder spring you can't do it you can't
do it fuka is usually just to with olive
oil and salt but I'm creating something
a bit special and I'm using sliced new
potatoes I love this bread I did this
bread when I was in Italy and it tastes
fantastic I was sitting on the in in
this place Feria half up a mountain in
Tuscany with this bread and a nice glass
of wine Evening Sun it's still quite
warm you've got to try this honestly
it's fantastic take the sliced potatoes
and just push them into the dough I like
to sort of regiment them slightly as
well cuz you're going to portion this
off don't forget bit a time over the top
of that those potatoes are going to
roast in the olive oil at this stage
your dough needs to rest again before
they go in the oven I just push them
down again put a little bit of salt on
and they'll be absolutely delicious when
they come out of the oven I promise
you I've given all my students risen
dough to make their own delicious Fu
Ates now all they have to do is put the
dough onto a tray and cover with
potatoes and Thyme the proof dough just
needs to be stretched out but the ladies
have decided to need it
again the the whole kneading thing
tightens up the dough again right at
this stage it's important that you just
literally just open it up from the bowl
because once you start doing that you'll
then tightening the whole structure up
again got you okay the boys seem to be
doing a better job right you're putting
your dough in there now in there yeah I
might have stretched a bit too much
Russell hasn't got his dough
particularly even it's key when you put
in the tray as well that it's all one
level that is one of the critical points
so start putting your potatoes on but
remember when you put the potatoes on
push them through to the bottom cuz as
it PRS what happens is it it it falls
around the potato and traps it
in all the for Cates are now filled
sprinkle with time and have been left to
rise again now they go into a preheated
oven at 230Â° for 20 to 30 minutes until
golden brown and look at them now these
would look impressive at any
party here we go it's one of my
favorites actually fuka I I love fatea
made well is is very difficult to beat
beautiful smell oh it releases very
simply from the bottom as well I like
that um let's just run a knife down here
oh that's nice actually see the way it
stretches there it's a good indication
that that it's pulling up but look at
that homemade for catcha with the thyme
you can smell the thyme and then the
salt and then the potatoes on there as
well that's a nice looking for catcher
have a bite with the potato as
well that tastes really good the potato
yeah just give a little bit of a lift if
you're going to make something like this
for yourselves at home cette works well
Obin Peppers onion mushroom cherry
tomatoes but try it with the potatoes
honestly the potatoes really do work
enjoy making it at home
[Music]