hi we are we are in South Austin Texas
today and we have a very special project
I guess you're going to agree with us
this is a tub that has been getting
rusty for years and all they did they
just patched it with tape and so it's
soft and it's pretty damaged so if you
look at that around the drain it's also
pretty much gone so chances
are one of the things that comes to mind
is just go ahead and replace it it's not
going to do it very good homeowner is an
elderly lady and she says well I cannot
afford to have a new tab I already tried
but it's not it's not an option for me
is there a way we can fix it so probably
we would say in all honesty we don't do
that because the tab it's pretty far
gone but it doesn't mean we can't do it
and so we're going to do it for the lady
because she needs to have it done and we
are very happy to do it so on the drain
we're going to have to reinforce the
drain all the way around and and uh
pretty much refinish the whole thing and
then they can put a colander on top so
it makes it look good but that's what
we're going to be doing in order to make
it very strong cuz we need to have some
Marine filler with the probably fiber
strands and make it very strong I know
it's going to be very strong probably
it's not going to come out as perfect as
we want to because we need to create a
kind of a thicker wall in order to make
it very strong but I think it's doable
not a big problem and so it's not about
perfection but it's about a good repair
that is going to last for a long time
and then we're going to finish it up
with a nice high gloss white and
generally speaking it's going to be
pretty nice long lasting easy to care
for and that is that so we'll come back
and show you what we have in few minutes
and well actually in a little bit
goodbye so we are done and I'm ready to
show you what we
have this is how it came out now check
this
out remember all the damages right below
this pout or rather the Overflow cover
and right on the side and all that well
as as you can tell it's all
gone and it's very high gloss we also we
also did that in the drain to make sure
that we will hold around where the
damage was with where it was this heavy
corrosion that it was weaken in the area
so we did that now look at
this homeowner is very happy with this
work because that TB was pretty much
done everybody told her tub is done gone
is gone and so well looks like it's not
came out very very very nice okay so
here it is so we finished this project
here cocking is already being applied uh
so this is going to be ready to go in 24
hours thank you for watching