hi its will from stormthecastle.com and
this is a tutorial on how to make a
homemade egg incubator and you can see I
have my incubator running out of I made
it just out of a Styrofoam cooler and I
have Larry Moe and Shemp and Shep and
Curley in there I'm ready to be hatched
so this is the incubator not how to make
there's a few rules of thumb and I'll
explain everything to you what you need
what temperature's you need to keep it
at and what humidity and whatnot on how
to do all of this there's a lot of
different ways you can do it you can be
really flexible so let me launch into
the tutorial of our parts and how to
make it I have all the materials here
you need and I want and let me go over a
couple of important things the whole
point behind the egg incubator is to
maintain two specific things one is the
temperature inside and the other is the
humidity so that's all you want to do is
you want to create some kind of a box
that keeps the temperature and the
humidity stable within the particular
range that's proper for the eggs to
hatch you want to keep the temperature
between 97 at about 101 degrees you
don't want it to go over 101 degrees and
you want to keep the humidity
approximately 55 to 70% humidity so
that's what we're shooting for and we
can do that with just a simple you know
styrofoam cooler you can use plastic
cooler there's a lot of different ways
you can do this but you keep that
concept in mind to keep the temperature
and the humidity within those ranges and
it'll be good you can almost can't go
wrong so let me go over how how I'm
going to do this and this is a lot of
people have done it this way this works
pretty well
I took mice I have some duct tapes and
light bulbs a temperature and humidity
monitor a digital one here's a lamp that
I use and you can use almost any kind of
a lamp a bowl and a sponge of a water
some chicken wire I like this chicken
wire it's got the quarter inch squares
this is nice
and a picture with a glass or a plastic
front on it and of course my chicken
eggs so you can improvise a lot of this
stuff and go a lot and go at it a lot of
different ways and you'll see as I build
it what I mean now light bulb selection
can be a little bit tricky I tried a
bunch of different light bulbs and
you'll probably have to try some
different light bulbs on your own 25
watt light bulb works good for me they
gave me good results so you might want
to try a 25 watt now the digital
thermometer and humidity gauge about two
of them the first one I bought I looked
at it had a plus or minus two degrees so
that's quite a bit of range there so I
decided I'm not going to use that one I
wanted to get a little bit more accurate
the two degrees so that might be
something you want to look at try to get
something the digital thermometer that's
as accurate as possible I took took the
glass out of an old picture frame and I
cut out the top of the Styrofoam
container and then I just taped the
glass to it now that's our observation
hole no we can look in and monitor the
chickens chicks and watching so next
what I've done here is and you could
actually do this project without any
check any chicken wire but there's a
couple of nice things about the chicken
wire that I like
yeah I have this little setup here the
base here I'll put the eggs in the water
on this and the reason for this is that
once the chicks hatch they'll have a lot
of excrement and that'll be able to fall
down through they'll make it much easier
to keep this clean and this part here is
to protect the light bulb so once that
LED bulb is inside there it's kind of
cordoned off in this area stay away from
the chickens and it's much safer that's
about the biggest thing that you have to
consider is you want to make sure this
light bulb is in place nicely so it
doesn't touch the size of the foam or
anything because you want to absolutely
at all costs avoid the risk of fire
okay so you cut a hole in the end of
your cooler like this put the bulb
through it in the socket
tape it all up really well and then put
your screen and put your um chicken
chicken wire and now you want to take
this up really good you want no leak you
want no holes because what we're going
to do is we're going to secure this as
well as we can seal it up monitor the
temperature if the temperature goes too
high what you do then is you punch small
holes in this to relieve the temperature
bring it down and so you can monitor and
adjust the temperature that way by
poking holes if you put too many tape
them up until you get the temperature
about right and with the humidity you
are adjust the humidity by I'm adding or
subtracting water you can even take the
sponge out if need be
well just just put the sponge on it so
you tinker with it before you actually
put your chicken eggs in there okay put
your thermometer in there and your water
dish with some water in a sponge and
then we'll seal this up and run out to
see how the temperature goes the eggs
will be over here keep the eggs away
from the bulb near and you use them up
here I'll show them I'm going to put the
eggs right here but not now
right now I'm going to test this to get
the temperature right how about eggs you
get to get them from a farm you can't
use store-bought eggs and you have to
try to get eggs of the fertilized
there's no real way to know that but if
you talk to the person that's I'm
raising the chickens tell them you'd
like fertilized eggs you know there's a
good chance that they will be fertilized
but not all of them will hatch and you
don't have to get them and do them the
same day if needed day or two it's ok
you just keep them room temperature at a
reasonable moisture and they should be
okay for up to up to as long as a week
or ten days and then you can do your
incubator so don't panic if you can't
get the eggs into you incubator right
away it can be a few days while you make
your betta in the tester so now what
I've done here is I've run the duct tape
in the back so that
to the hinge and I'm going to give that
a try to see how that works that would
be okay we're taking a look inside there
and everything looks good
got the humidity between 55 and 70 and
the temperature is between what was it
98 and 101 and it's 99 so sometimes you
should take your time and you tweak it
as you need to take it up a little
tighter if the temp needs to go up punch
a couple of holes in it the tip needs to
go down add or remove water as the
humidity changes so now I'm going to put
the eggs in there and a couple of rules
about the eggs the first 18 days you
need to rotate them a quarter to a half
a turn three times a day so and the for
the last three to four days don't rotate
him at all as soon as the humidity goes
I'm 55 to 70 is great on the low end of
that is fine but for those last three to
four days try to get the humidity up to
around you know 65 to 70 it's important
for this this shells the couldn't
hatching of the chicks you know the
humidity does soak through the shells so
it will help them that how humidity will
help them hatch easier so there we go
those incubate is done and it's running
and Larry Moe and Curly are in place and
we'll see who hatched is first I will
post another video when they start to
hatch and I'll keep you updated on the
progress here so in about 21 days a lots
more fun stuff on our website all kinds
of things blacksmithing bees honey bee
hives you name it the at
stormthecastle.com