the boys the bedroom is a man's
secretary that's your mancave that's
that's your time to relax and feel good
about yourself and what you have in your
bedroom can alter your mood in any way
so if you want your bedroom to look
cooler be sophisticated look like the
ultimate bachelor pad today I'm gonna
give you the ultimate 7 items every man
needs in his bedroom to make it cooler
that sounds interesting what's happened
for one something you probably will
never think of wall art let me ask you a
simple question do you want your room to
be more sophisticated and cooler at the
same time then add wall art remove all
those Star Wars and Guns and Roses
posters and instead replace them with
wall canvasses there are tons to choose
from for me I decided to go with
something abstract
I'm not really sure what they mean but
hey who the hell care they look cool as
hell and anyone I bring in will think
I'm ultra sophisticated as if I'm into
art or something but - you want to have
a workstation a desk you don't want to
be the guy that works off his bed trust
me I did it when I first quit my job and
started the company and within the first
week I fail and that's because when
you're a bed I would just get lazy and
start slacking off I would fall asleep
take a nap watch TV roam on my phone and
mainly because when you just stay in bed
your mind is still in that oh I'm
resting state which is basically just
setting you up for failure so the first
thing I did is I drove to Walmart bought
a desk I think in comments cost me like
40 50 bucks but now I had a station
separately from my bed where I could now
work from that desk is easily over four
or five years old and I still - as they
owned as desk kind of as a reminder
where it all started number three you
want a speaker to play music in your
room
[Music]
[Applause]
this was an absolute must for every guy
trust me unless you want to have a dull
boring room you need a portable
Bluetooth speaker that you could have in
your room and since I have my cope
commuter speaker and it goes everywhere
with me I'm already good for them and
this little guy I recommend to every
single person including you guys I love
the clean design because you can just
stand it on your night test and it just
adds to the clean aesthetic to the room
and it actually goes with the design but
more importantly what you really want is
performance and the performance and this
little guy it's absolutely incredible no
joke guys somehow don't ask me how
miraculously this little thing is able
to fill up a whole room with sound and
since it has a built-in subwoofer the
sound of this thing it's amazing
literally like you feel the sound
because unlike other portable speakers
especially of the size they don't have a
subwoofer so the bass on a lot of songs
you barely even get to feel him making
it the perfect thing to have in your
room whether you want call me music
because you're reading or you're working
you need something motivational or you
want something more romantic you want a
speaker like this that you can
constantly be changing the music and
make your room cooler and if I were to
tell you how much the speaker was you
wouldn't believe me because this guy you
can easily compare it to a Bose who to
speak of it that I also own but that
won't cost me 200 bucks The Cove
commuter it retails for around 180 but
your boy I'm not gonna let you pay that
I'm gonna hook you up like I always do I
have a massive discount on this thing
that brings the price under 80 bucks
that's right you're gonna get this
amazing speaker for under 80 bucks and
it's comparable to a speaker that's 200
bucks now it's a limited time offer and
like I always tell you every time I talk
about the speaker it usually starts to
sellout and a lot of people end up on
pre-orders and you're gonna have to wait
a couple months to get it so if you want
to get it now while they have inventory
there's gonna be a link down below keep
in mind the holidays are around the
corner not only is this a great gift for
you
whether you give this to they're gonna
love you because it's amazing so it's
gonna be linked out
with that special code what item that
you're gonna want in your bedroom is an
EDC tray this one I just absolutely love
having because it's a cool and neat way
to organize all my daily essentials in
one single plate more importantly it
makes me getting ready in the morning an
absolute breeze because I have
everything I absolutely need and one
spot versus most guys to just throw
everything that they have in their
pockets all over the place and then
they're always stumbling around trying
to look for their key thing you want in
your room to make it a little cooler
it's a watch bomb a watch box it's
absolutely crucial for any watch guys to
keep your watches protected dust free
and also organized so you can neatly see
them and be able to choose which one you
want for a certain outfit I personally
have automatic watches so for me a watch
winder box is even more crucial that way
my watches are always charged on top of
that it also just displays your watches
nicely which makes your overall room
just look like a box next thing you want
in your rule to make a little cooler is
fake plants it's the grown-up decision
to do for example the aesthetic in my
room is lots of grades and it's very
muted so adding hints of life with pops
of green really does just make the room
cooler it brings it to life and plus if
you do this and your girl sees she's
definitely not gonna be confusing you
with some sort of slob instead more of a
sophisticated a refined guy and that
school finally number seven a soft rug
I'm a man I know and I never thought I'd
appreciate a rug so much nor would I be
going rug shopping but I did and I have
yes boys and trust me it's gonna make a
room cooler the texture of contrast it
offers your room if you have hard floors
plus the plush feel it gives your feet
you and your girl will thank me for
Italy that's basically it for today's
video guys those are the top 7 things
you want to add to your room to make it
cooler if you guys liked this video and
found it informative don't forget to
drop us a like down below also don't
forget to check out our sponsor The Cove
commuter you guys want to check out that
speaker it'll be linked down below as
well that's it for me today see you next
time