[Music]
start melting your almond bark in the
microwave you want to put it into a
microwavable bowl and microwave it for
30 seconds to start once the 30 seconds
are up flip it over and give it another
stir
[Music]
microwave again for 30 seconds and give
it another stir then you're going to
keep microwaving it for 30 second
intervals until it is completely melted
just like this for my particular dessert
I need three different colored almond
barks so I am going to separate it into
three different bowls you can use as
many different colors as you like
depending on whatever you are making it
is essential at this point when you are
coloring or dyeing almond bark to use
oil based food coloring if you use
regular gel or icing colors it'll cause
for the almond part to solidify and
kernel up and it will be almost
irreplaceable so just take a little bit
of your oil based food coloring add it
into your almond bark and give it a mix
just like you would any normal food
coloring so here I have some green I
have some red and I have some blue and
that my friends is how you melt and die
almond bark thank you for watching
[Music]
you
[Music]