hey years I was working on this bike
here and I noticed that the brakes
working on evenly so this pad is hitting
the rim well for this pad over here so
like you can see this one barely moves
one hits the rim and then this one's
over here so I'm going to show you how
to adjust the cycle caliper type brakes
so that the brakes are centered and the
pads hit the rim at the same time now
one thing is that the issue might not
even be the brakes it could be that the
wheel is just askew in the frames so go
ahead and release the skewer readjust
the wheel so it's fully back and
centered and retighten the skewer and if
the brake is still uneven then we can go
ahead and adjust the brake now this is
so much matter if you have really old
brakes or much newer style brakes the
mounting system is basically the same
there's just one bolt there and so in
essence what you're going to do is
you're going to loosen the mounting bolt
you're going to pivot the brake one side
of the other and then tighten that
mounting bolt
okay now to adjust the brake on the back
side of the brake where it mounts the
frame of the fork there's going to be a
nut or a bolt what we're going to do is
just loosen that a little bit you don't
need to remove it just loosen a little
bit and then load the brake to pivot on
that mounting bolt there and it's what
you do and they make tools for this that
will hold the bridge kind of turn it but
you really don't need those what you do
is just going to manually pivot the
brakes so that the pads are about evenly
spaced away from the rim so it's roughly
centered hold the whole brake mechanism
and tighten that mounting bolt again now
test the brakes and hopefully the pads
would be hitting more evenly if they're
not quite hitting evenly you can go
ahead loosen the pivot bolt and adjust
them again it's that simple
anyway we can find this useful or
interesting if you did please click like
on my video if you're not subscribed to
my channel click the big subscribe
button because you're going to see new
videos to come out I'm always coming out
with new videos I'm over on Facebook RJ
the bike guy go over there like my page
i post a lot of stuff over there and
webpage rj the bike guy comm go over
there check that out
my video is all categorized and I have
some forums where you can ask for pair
of questions anyway thank you very much
for watching