what's up everyone we're here at
Carolina bully farms and uh kind of as a
surprise out of nowhere ly that she
stays with Phil here she's his now just
come back into heat and uh Lily's got
the weirdest heat cycle you've ever seen
but uh I'm not complaining I'm glad
she's back in so we got her over here
getting acquainted with country country
obviously can tell she's in heat and
she's the only female who makes country
look normal size usually when he's out
here around the females they're just
dwarfed by him but she can hang right
there with him so we'll let them pee and
get used to each other and we're going
to go ahead and get the first breeding
underway last time we did it more toward
the end of the heat cycle and she didn't
take so and I know a lot of y'all some
of y'all uh I had told about it and had
to tell y'all it didn't take but um
we're going to rep it now and do it at
the beginning of the heat cycle and then
just spread it out based on how she does
each time through the whole heat cycle
so uh hopefully if it's possible to get
her pregnant she'll be pregnant this
time country's regular try so I'm going
to here I'm going to go get my breeding
stuff and you can just stay here and
watch in for a
second and tell them about Phil's
YouTube channel yeah Phil's uh uh Phil
started his YouTube channel like he said
he was going to do the last time tell
them about it Phil how many you got up
so you got a few videos I I don't know
exactly how many videos I got a good
handful of them it's mostly the dogs
playing playing out in the yard I'll
talk about the dogs a little bit here
and there you know whenever I get to get
the chance uh they're awesome too he's
puts a like a little what the video is
going to be about on Instagram did you
give him your Instagram the last time U
yeah my Instagram is hilbilly pH h e l l
b i l l y p h i l um the YouTube channel
is Hellbilly bullies so if you just uh a
like ours just about dogs just about
dogs and um what bullies and uh you know
just them interacting with each other
just real positive any of the negative
stuff
just for people who like watching dogs
play around and be dogs Y no go ahead
hopefully it'll grow
as as the
dog they only get more and more
interesting every day yeah I know yeah I
watch all of
them I love
watching I usually don't watch the uh
you know any other dog videos but I've
been watching
yours all right let go ahead I got
everything you
been I saw you get the SE pulled off of
him and then uh I'll go ahead and inject
we pop right back
legs getting tired of standing on one
leg where's at
the she go you just keep her right right
around country here come here baby
country for me come here come on come on
baby
baby b I'll go ahead and uh show y'all
too I know in my uh how to AI video a
lot of y'all asked I didn't cover how
deep to put it in the female so I'll uh
I'll show youall how to do that when I
go to putting it in leely you ready big
guy he's ready country's been
ready you ready big
boy I just I can't wait for this
breeding it's going to be incredible
they're probably going to come out
weighing 2 lbs
each yeah if there could ever be a um
like a super form of the extreme bully
it's going to be the new super bully
this going to be
it see in snake breeding you got
whenever you got
a certain genetics you can breed that
same genetic back to itself and it'll
create a super form oh really ITN
complicated it's similar to this here
though like if you've got uh uh the same
blood when you double up on the blood
doubles up on yeah on the shortness if
the dogs are real short it it doubles up
on that if they got big heads it doubles
up on that the bad thing is if they got
something wrong with that's why people
in bre gets a bad reputation when you
don't know I mean that's how all pure
breads are created but if you don't know
what you're doing you might be like oh
these two dogs heads are awesome and you
don't realize that their rear ends are
just shot and you bring them together
and you're going to get that twice the
better head you know but then you're
also you're probably going to end up
with a few dogs that can hardly walk
because of how weak the rear end will
get so that's that also is where out
Crossing comes in uh which is why this
breeding's even even better than it
already looks because lely's two times
Moy and country's a Moy grandson so it's
three times Moy which would be really
tight but uh lely's got Misfit blood
which Misfit is as much of an outcross
as an American Bully can get and then uh
big country here has got wart and Toad
line blood so he's got that [ __ ] line
Blood on the top side of his pedigree so
even though it's really inre on the
money blood it's not that tight of a
breeding all the way
around and countries gave a incredible
collection
here done big guy I knew he was excited
so we'll get all these little countries
here and
leely Little Country Little
Country you ready for all these little
countryes coming your way I don't think
anybody's ready
no especially not when they're half
little
leely yeah yeah she's the she's
definitely a think she's a boy and I
think this is um this is about an 8 in
syringe here and uh really uh y'all been
over complicating it you just kind of
put it in there until it stops it's it's
not hard to figure out which way it goes
in there because you go in there first
with your finger just like I showed on
the video and there's pretty much only
one way to get in there so uh if you go
in the right place then just stick this
in there till it stops don't just you
know Ram it up in there cuz you could
puncture something or damage
something or something well they're all
different shapes ly you still a little
early girl
yeah she still feels a little tight too
but she's been flagging off so we'll go
and get in there Lely come here I was
less raing than I thought I was I
thought I was ready you going to pee
first
Ley we want to do it we can do it right
there beside the car and then stick her
up in there so she
don't you marking all your territory big
girl baby anyway I'll show them Lily
here hey baby you just want to go it's
usually kind of in and up is the way you
want to go but uh see that's about how
far you go in so I'm about probably 5
Ines in on Lely Lely is a big girl and
also what you'll notice is when you put
it in there if you go to and you like
shove it up against whatever wall it
hits in there it kind of plugs the end
off so you kind I usually go into I fill
it stop and back it back up just like an
eighth of an inch just enough for it to
come out and ly's still pretty tight I
can't even get my finger all the way in
there so I'd say she's a little bit
early but she is flagging and they all
come in at all different times so uh it
can't hurt to get in there and then I'd
say probably it's Monday probably like
Friday be when we'll do it again but uh
I'm going to help him get her in the car
and everything so I'm going to cut ours
off here y'all remember to like favorite
And subscribe and go check out Hellbilly
bullies on YouTube as well and God bless
everybody