how to prepare walls and ceilings for
painting it's vital that all surfaces
are properly prepared before painting to
ensure that the Finish is long lasting
and looks
professional in this video we're going
to take you through exactly what you
need to do before painting a room you'll
find a full list of tools and materials
you'll need at the end of this video
you'll need to ensure the surfaces are
completely free of grease and dust in
addition to this if there are any cracks
or holes these will need to be filled
flaky plaster peeling paint or wallpaper
will also need to be removed before you
can start
painting it's best to remove all
furniture from the room if possible or
move it to the center of the room if you
can't remove it completely protect
floors and furniture with suitable
protective sheets how to prepare
plastered walls if the surface you're
planning to paint is freshly plastered
ensure that it's completely dry before
you begin preparing the surface you can
tell it's dry when there are no
remaining dark patches fresh plaster
needs priming before you can paint on it
this enables paint to cover the wall
properly if you fail to prime a plaster
wall it will soak up the paint and you
have to do several extra coats you also
won't end up with that longlasting
professional
finish you can buy specialist paint for
new plaster check manufacturer's
instructions for the amount of coats or
else you you can do two coats of mist
coat which is watered down
Emulsion 60% paint to 40%
water you can use white Emulsion or
another light
color after the Mist coats you will need
two top
coats how to prepare painted
walls if the walls that you're preparing
have been painted before it's slightly
easier firstly you'll need to ensure
that any holes gaps or cracks are filled
for hairline cracks you can use Wix base
coat which will fill in these kind of
blemishes to fill any larger cracks or
holes you'll need to start by washing
the area with sugar soap to ensure that
the area is free from Grease and dust
and that any loose bits of plaster
around the edges of the hole are removed
this will ensure the filler will be able
to bind
properly we're using Wix quick drying
filler which is perfect for small
internal repairs
apply some filler to your scraper then
work it into the hole or crack to make
sure it fills the hole
completely scrape off any excess as you
go allow the filler to dry completely
the packaging should guide you on how
long this is likely to
take sand down the surface with fine
grayed
sandpaper be sure to wear a dust mask
and ventilate the room well when you're
sanding once you filled all the holes
and sanded the filler sand any areas
where the paint p is
flaking next brush all surfaces clean of
dust and residue from the sanding
process it's a good idea to vacuum the
area so you don't kick up dust onto wet
paint don't forget the top edge of the
skirting board as this is a dust
trap how to remove
wallpaper although you can paint over
wallpaper the best finish is obtained by
stripping the paper back either manually
or with chemicals to the plaster before
repainting score soak and strip
to remove small areas of wallpaper start
by lightly scoring the paper being
careful not to damage the underlying
plaster next soak the paper using a
sponge and hot water leave it to soak
for 5 minutes then start working your
stripping knife into the scores and
scrape the paper off the plaster wall
behind chemical
stripper if the wallpaper is not peeling
off easily you can use a chemical
wallpaper
remover check manufacturer's
instructions for mixing
wear goggles a dust mask gloves and
protective clothing when applying allow
time for the chemical to soak in
following the manufacturer's
instructions then strip the wallpaper
steam
stripper if you working on a large area
you could try using a steam stripper
fill the tank with water switch it on
and hold the plate against the area of
the wallpaper that you're trying to
strip once the steam has penetrated the
paper which usually only takes about 15
seconds though the packaging will give
you instructions specific to your device
simply strip the paper using a stripping
knife and the paper should come off
easily don't leave it on one area for
too long as it can damage the underlying
plaster if any areas are still not
stripping easily resteam and try again
bear in mind that this device uses
scalding hot steam so wear appropriate
clothing and take sensible precautions
to prevent yourself getting scalded if
you're stripping an air higher up the
wall apply the steam from upper step
ladder to avoid hot water running down
your arm also be sure to take Extra Care
around woodwork switches sockets and
fittings don't let the steamer run low
or let it run out of water as this can
damage the machine with the paper
removed clean the area using sugar soap
if you need to prepare the interior
woodwork it's worth doing this before
washing the walls so you can wash
everything together see our video how to
prepare interior woodwork for
details now you're ready to
paint here is a list of the tools you'll
need to prepare your walls and ceilings
for
painting here are the materials you will
need and this is the safety equipment