hello everybody and welcome back to my
channel in today's video we are going to
make a cat DIY we are going to make a
cat igloo
I have it here for boomers boomers is my
catch he is 9 years old she's starting
to get a bit chilly at night and all she
wants to do spend some time under
blankets so I thought I would make her a
very nice bed to keep her cozy at night
and so far she seems to love it even so
now she doesn't want to go in yours but
yeah as usual the pattern will be
available in the drop box link in the
description box below feel free to
resize it if you need so and let's get
going with the tutorial ok so for this
project you will need out of the outer
layer 3 of the side pieces and one side
that has the opening as you can see in
here I've used some fake leather and not
my best idea will advise you to use fake
glitter but rather a very heavy cotton
or tertiary fabric you will need also a
button piece and as you can see here
I've cut out with a square so I could
out a little excess the seam allowance
is just to make it easier for video and
for the lining you will need the same
amount of pieces as you can see here I'm
recycling a old curtain so you can do
the same as well if you want to and
finally you will need the same amount of
pieces out of the wedding
all right so the first thing we want to
do is reduce the amount of layers that
we have because we have three layers so
you're going to attach the wedding to
the lining so for each piece of lining
you're going to / a corresponding piece
wedding hymn them together and just sew
all around he's a basting stitch so it's
basically a long straight stitch and
you're just going to take half
centimeter seam allowance so it's just
to attach them together to make it
easier for later on now it's time to
start
putting our shelves together so you're
going to take two sides and put them on
top of each other right sides together
now go to sew only one side you will
make sure to stop sewing about a
centimeter before the ends at the bottom
that's very important so we can see the
bottom middle and stop sewing where the
point would be not all the way through
and once you're done with it don't
forget to clip in your seam allowance
that's going to relieve the book a
little so now we're going to repeat the
process with the third panel and we're
going to attach it to one of the side
only and you're just going to repeat the
same process again and lastly you're
going to add the last panel using the
same technique until you have a little
dome now it's time to attach the dome to
the bottom piece we didn't sew all the
way towards the bottom of each panel and
us to allow everything to be sewn easily
otherwise you're going to have a lot of
bird you can cut the excess seam
allowance out of each panel if you do
wish so so that way each sides will
match a side of the bottom all you need
to do is sew everything with a straight
stitch and the 1 centimeter similar line
then you're going to repeat this process
with the lining except this time you're
going to leave an opening on one of the
sides so we can turn everything in and
out now we are going to put everything
together
so the outer layer you're going to make
sure that the good side of the fabric is
out and for the lining you're going to
keep the good side of the fabric in and
you're going to stuff them you're going
to stuff your out earlier inside of your
lining and you're going to match the
edges of the opening
once everything is pinned all you need
to do is sew it in place I would advise
you to take it slowly and you should be
fine
so now we are going to keep the seam
allowance to really bulk and as well
because we have some sharp corner we're
just going to cut some large triangles
within the seam allowance all the way to
the sewing line so we're sure everything
will leave
laughs later on then you can pull the
out earlier through the opening of the
lining so shoes need to be a bit
delicate with it and not too forceful
just take your time then what we need to
do is close the opening on the lining so
you're going to put the seam allowance
back inside and pin everything in place
and you can let you sew it all by hand
or by machine and lastly all you need to
do is push back the lining back inside
of the outer layer so because I use
plugger it doesn't sit totally right but
if you use a heavy or preferred fabric
it should be a lot better I didn't think
you would do such a it would be such a
pain in my butt to do it yeah it did so
I would not advise to use this fabric
alright guys that's it for today I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and if you did
why not giving this video a thumbs up so
I will know that you liked it and also
you can subscribe so you miss any of my
videos ever again
alright I'll see you in the next video
bye