well we're working on our 69 Mustang
over here and
uh this is actually a Fastback it's not
a mock one but she wants to convert it
into a mock one look alike uh and you
know that's fine with me we can do
whatever she wants but uh you know we've
done all the body work or I'd say 99% of
it I had to replace quarter panels and
uh it had a pole barn fall down on the
roof the doors were [ __ ] up the deck
lid I'm still working on that it's got
rust in it we went ahead and replaced
the hood on this car with a brand new
one because it was crushed in and wasn't
worth a [ __ ] so I'm getting to the
fenders and I come across the fenders
and it had the fender extensions on here
that hold the headlights in it's these
big obscurity situational things you got
one headlight here One Headlight here
that's a 69 model on a 70 model it has
one headlight and then right here
there's like the little vent thing so I
started looking at it I'm thinking to
myself hold on a minute is this a 70
Fender or is this a 609 Fender because
there is a difference and what the
difference is is this hole right here
all right this hole that we're looking
at that is a uh rectangle hole where the
marker light fits in welcome to
DIY Automotive school with my friend
Pete
and Minnie The Body Shop
girl it's everything you need to know
about cars and more
[Music]
now this would be a 70 model it didn't
even occurred to me as we were working
on the car cuz the car's been here for
going on seven [ __ ] years this here
car I'll be honest with you has been a
[ __ ] nightmare from the day it
dropped off here
[Music]
everything that I touch everything that
I look at has to be repaired and we're
not even talking about this hole here
we're also talking about you see where
my hand is right here uh the bottom of
this and I'm going to bend it over all
right do you see this right here this is
actually a piece of [ __ ] sheet metal
that somebody had pop riveted on here
and then kind of uh drilled some holes
and put these little Clips on there
because that is actually a bracket now
there you go right there there's one of
the rivets that's actually a bracket
that was part of the fender it was
actually bent over but that's a bracket
where the lower Valance would fit from
side to side um so we're going to have
to go ahead and take that piece of [ __ ]
off and then we'll weld a new piece of
metal on there and make our bracket just
like Factory but the real situation is
this right here so when I got the car in
uh 7 years ago I noticed all the body
parts fit really nice and on these
Mustangs the real situation is if you
can use the original body parts do so
because the aftermarket body parts on
these suck n none of them line up I
don't give a [ __ ] where you get them
they're all made at the same factories
out in Taiwan um all they do is put them
in their box and their sticker on it and
they all buy them from the exact same
place and uh you know you can get these
expensive ones that says Ford uh
manufactured uh blah blah blah uses the
same tooling and all this [ __ ] you're
going to pay this much money more and
those still don't [ __ ] fit okay they
don't [ __ ] fit right and modification
need to be made so we're going to use
these fenders cuz I know these are
Factory fenders and what somebody has
done which I don't even know why it's
beyond my imagination why they did this
but they cut these holes out right here
and I see evidence of why they did how
they did it because at first I thought
this might have been a 1970 Fender
having that hole in it but then I
started looking really really close and
if you look right here you you can see
there's where a drill had drilled a hole
in the corner and then of course this
one here is also rounded out and then
this one here would be square and then
this one here is kind of uh [ __ ] up
but even this Edge right here and I
don't know if you can see that in the
camera is very rough and very uneven all
right so somebody had cut these holes
out to add the 70 model marker lights
into these fenders and that is not 1969
period correct
time for pizza cosmart piz cosmart piz
cosmart we're even the littlest Tech
tips make a big big big
difference okay as I'm sitting here uh
in front of the car I want you to look
very closely from left to right this
being my left this is my right and I
want you to see if there's anything that
you can find different from this side
here here over to this side here all
right if you haven't figured it out yet
I'm going to go ahead and tell you what
the deal is if you look over here you
can clearly see that this is a complete
fender with the fender bucket that's
where the headlight would bolt and then
of course the fender actually bolts to
the core support in this area right here
and then this is the factory bucket that
is installed on the fender at the
factory you can see that that is in
place and installed Pro properly and
then of course if you look over here
you're going to see a big giant hole
where there's nothing there to bolt to
the core support and you'll also see uh
shreded and S sared edges of where the
Box used to be and somebody had
literally cut that out and removed it
why I don't know I really don't know why
they removed that or what their
objection was to doing so but but uh
that's pretty [ __ ] up that's a [ __ ]
up situation right there and we want to
use these fenders did I mention that
these are Factory original fenders and
we want to use them now let's go ahead
and inspect this hole because I'm
thinking if we look at this hole here
you can see how nice and clean this hole
is do you see that right there and then
this Edge is real nice and clean you
come down here so what I'm speculating
here and this is just me thinking is
that at one time or another this car was
in a frontend collision and what they
did is they replaced this fender with a
1970 Fender and since this one had the
marker light and instead of welding it
up and being done with it they went
ahead and cut that one out to match that
Fender so then it would both have the
marker lights on it because on a 69
Mustang Mach 1 the marker lights are
down on the bottom on the lower Valance
so the only option that we have
to actually use this Fender is we got
two options we can search and seizure a
used 69 Mach One or Mustang Fastback
Fender and we can cut this bucket out of
the other
Fender and put it into this Fender or if
it's a factory original Fender we can
use that Fender to replace this
Fender or we can find a brand new Fender
after mark Market cut the bucket out put
it in here throw the rest of the fender
away which is very expensive uh I
believe that the cheapest Fender that I
found was
$285 and I'm talking that's a cheap
one so right now I'm in the process of
looking for possibly a used Fender or
possibly a new Fender that has damage on
it that I can get cheaper because the
only thing I need is this and then if we
look down inside Fender you can see just
how that bracket is supposed to be right
there for the lower Valance to actually
uh attach so both of our fenders are
basically [ __ ] up and both of them are
going to need major work to really make
these things work properly are they
worth the effort to use these fenders
and fix the problems that have arised
versus buying brand new aftermarket
fenders the answer to that question is
yes it's very important to always use
the factory OEM Parts versus the
aftermarket parts aftermarket parts for
Mustangs suck the fenders will never
line up you'll have to do serious
modifications to make them work to line
up with the doors like we got on our 68
Mustang which the owner of that car
might have to buy some other fenders
because the fenders that we purchased
are junk they don't line up there's
going to be serious modifications at the
door jam and the fender Edge to make
those things work properly and it's a
[ __ ] joke that these aftermarket
companies slap this [ __ ] together and
sell them to you and me for very high
price [ __ ] situations that pretty
much take our bank account down to a
zero balance due to the aftermarket
Fender that cost $28
and won't work on the [ __ ] car
[Music]
properly and then of course we forgot
the bottom of the fender that actually
bolts to the door on both sides of that
um I believe one of the fenders which is
probably the other one the tabs are
ripped out and then on this one which
I'm not going to take the fender off uh
the tabs are busted and gone on the body
itself where the fender bolts on and
will have to be repaired so is this car
worth
restoring to the magnitude of spending
close up to 35 maybe
$440,000 or would it be a wise decision
that the owner should have made in the
beginning to actually go out and buy a
car that's already restored between 20
to
$30,000 my opinion is is if you own a
car that's been in your
family and has a life history of being
owned from beginning it might possibly
be worth it but on the other hand a car
is a [ __ ] car and if you're looking
at dollar bills versus restoration or I
want to drive a nice car it would be
better to go out and just buy a [ __ ]
car that's already done and restored
professionally and reliably this is Pete
my friend Pete your friend Pete looking
at a piece of [ __ ] Fender 69 this side
70 that
side and trying to put the jigsaw puzzle
together to make everything work we
haven't even got to the headlight
buckets yet both headlight buckets are
busted and when I say busted when the
headlight bucket is mounted to the
fender you have a tab right here and you
can see the tab hanging down that
actually is a tab that holds the L lower
Vance to the vehicle now I want you to
pay close attention to this as you look
right here in this area where I'm
touching and you can see that somebody
had taken a piece of metal once again
and what they have done is they have
screwed that on here and they screwed it
on there where it was very uh what can
we say visible to the naked
eye and it looks like [ __ ] these little
items right here that you're looking at
a set of these this is
aftermarket cost up to
$700 if you find some used ones they can
cost up
two and that's only if the tab's good if
the tab's broke then it's cheaper but if
you find some used ones they'll up to
$300 a piece and sometimes $200 if
you're lucky so what would be the
suggestion on these my friend
Pete they actually make a repair tab all
right that is basically kind of designed
like this piece of [ __ ] but it's
actually a professional Tab and what you
would do is you would fit that in there
where it would bolt on but now that I'm
looking at this one here I'm also
looking at this section right here where
they bolted it on and I see a hairline
crack that goes all the way through and
if we turn it over you can see the crack
right there so the option that we have
on this piece of [ __ ] is we will have to
get on eBay or some internet site where
we can find a used one at a reasonable
price because once again we do not want
want to get aftermarket and I did notice
when I took this off and I'm not going
to put it on but when I took this off
before I took it off it did not even
line up on the fender properly and
function properly there was big gaps and
it overhung and all this other [ __ ] so
we might have to look for another bucket
on that situation so now you're kind of
getting the idea and and you're trying
you're starting to see the big picture
of what a jigsaw puzzle domino effect
really is and that my friend is what
happens when you start to restore these
old classic
cars and you don't really investigate
the situation but that it is a family
Relic and you want this car no matter
what you see the situation what happens
and the money that has to be spent and
the hard labor work that has to be taken
to properly restore the car perfect my
suggest questions are that if you own a
classic muscle car like this that needs
Total Restoration and when I say Total
Restoration we're basically talking
about a car just like this that has had
everything done to it except a
rotisserie put on to it to flip it
over my suggestions are to get on the
internet search around if you have to
fly or drive to state to locate the car
that you want and to in expect it
properly do so because you are going to
save tons and tons of money by buying a
car that somebody else has already
completely
restored than restoring the dream car of
your dreams and making it
reality if you want a red one there's
plenty of red ones on there if you want
an orange one there's plenty of orange
ones oh you want black there's plenty of
black ones on there don't waste your
money restoring a car like this that is
a domino effect yet jigsaw puzzle and I
would also like to add money
pit to your bank account this is Pete my
friend Pete your friend Pete building
the 69 Mustang Mach One Fastback [ __ ]
car and God only knows how much money
it's going to take to finish this thing
out we'll see you later
[Music]
thanks for watching
DIY Automotive School classes don't stop
till you know everything
[Music]
[Music]
oh oh