right now we're going to put a bridle
together so let's look at the pieces
it was the bit the noseband
brow bound to cheat pieces the head
piece and the ribs we're going to start
off with a head piece pick up the head
piece like so pick up the brow band feed
the brow band through the two short
straps like that and then the other
piece through the two short straps go
stop just above those straps and just
remove those straps then take this long
piece of the northbound feed it up
through the brow band set down through
the other side underneath the head piece
and then fasten it
so that's what your bridle looks like so
far okay now we're going to put the
cheek pieces onto the bit so I'll put
this down for a minute take one Pete
cheek piece
hold the bit like this that's how it
fits in your pony's mouth it doesn't fit
in your pony's mouth that ship that
would hurt him make sure that your porn
it bit is that ship take your cheek
piece through the ring here now when
you're crafty porn is cheap piece you've
got press towards here so just click
your little press studs on a big Bridal
like this this is called a billet
fastening and that goes it's smooth and
it goes against the horses skin if it
was a buckle it will be fastened on the
outside shirt second cheek piece through
the other ring of the bit and again on
the craft accorded bridle that will be a
pressed good so simply press stood it
sure
so again billets like that go against
the horses skin nice and smooth if your
buckle if you've got a bridle with a
buckle on it goes on the outside so
those are your cheek pieces fastened to
you bit faster your cheek pieces to the
head piece here the thinner part of the
strap on the head piece is for the
throat lash
okay so the thin one is a throught lash
the fastest route is for fastening the
sheep cheek piece to through the little
keepo you don't have a keeper on the
craft ponies bridle and there is your
bridle okay we're going to put the reins
on it now what your bridle looks like so
fasten the reins in the middle - reins
together take one of the ends of the
ribs through the bit this reown has got
a billet on it just like your craft
college bridle will have a press stood
so it comes to the inside near the
horses skin so I'll just zoom on your
craft upon his bridle just pressed on it
together put make sure the pins are
straight not twisting them run to the
other side here okay click up the
headpiece and the book alone with the
reins
whoops coming out there long rounds then
there is your bridle finished granny's
riding some