so you want to know why the my nickname
is a hungry heipiess BAM never leave
home without it
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Lee I'm the chef and owner
at Madame beau I'm originally born and
raised in New York and today I'm gonna
show you guys how to make by
everybody's fuzz different when we
opened our restaurant we took the best
of both sides from my mom and from my
wife's mom I found a way where we can
capture the best of both worlds so these
are beef bones with bone marrow
we're gonna boil these bones just to
clean them for 15 minutes to get all the
gunk all the dirt out we have to clean
them because we don't want the soup to
be cloudy the key to good but is the
clarity of the brow we're gonna start
trying ginger shallots and onion we're
gonna cut the onions in half you can
char them with the skin on ginger with
the skin and shots with the skin as well
so when char the onions first you're
just trying to get that smoky flavor
from the onion it's just the secret that
my mom taught me and I saw her doing
this I never understood why and as she
told me that this makes the broth
amazing once the skin starts coming off
you can just throw these pieces away for
the ginger you wanted to see it evenly
dark and evenly cook all around so it
would be a lot easier for us to start
skinning it because the skin ginger is
very difficult the end game and the
results of the broth or name it'll pay
off right now I'm gonna start trying the
the shallots you don't want the fire to
be too high for ginger it's okay because
ginger is really thick but for the
shallots you do not want to over burn
them that smells amazing
I love shallots I cook the way I eat so
everything I make is very bold and
flavors bold and taste
I don't skimp on any of the ingredients
so as you can see it's very
labor-intensive but it's always that
stereotype like Southeast Asian food has
to be cheap and like why is this place
so expensive why are they charging an
arm and a leg for foot and I'm just like
well we're trying to give you great
product we're not just trying to make
fun just to sell it we're trying to
include high quality ingredients
high-quality cuts of me and you know we
really hope that people understand that
and to break through that barrier right
now it was a hard struggle it took us
two years with our restaurant our foot
is good in its own right and I thought
that we can push it the bones are boiled
we're gonna empty all this water into
the sink and then we're gonna start
cleaning the bones by hand before we
start out our new pot it's when the real
magic happens
 depending on it's made with love
right now we're going to just basically
wash the bones thoroughly just make I'll
get all the gunk and the scum out when
all that marrow and all that juiciness
into the broth all right so now that we
already clean our bones to make sure to
refill the pot again with new water and
make sure you bring it up to a boil
we're gonna put our bones back and a
trick my mom always taught me was to
make sure that it's on low simmer going
out mom is God right I mean till this
day she's still my mom is the boss you
know so she whatever she says goes
so she told me this is how she makes it
I don't ask any questions
that's how we do it so we're gonna start
with the ginger I'm just gonna cut them
off so it could be easier for us to
start skating them you want to make sure
you remove all the burnt pieces because
that's gonna cloud the broth what we're
doing at madam Bo is just nothing fancy
it's just homestyle cooking every piece
in our menu is just everything me me and
my wife grew up eating and we loved our
favorite dishes both moms trying to for
the first time and when my mom tasted it
she was like oh this this tastes
familiar I was just like yeah mom it's
your recipe she was like you nailed it
her mom wasn't really impressed
like the shouts I haven't have to remove
the skin as the bones are boiling right
now we will throw everything in I say
the longer you cook it the better the
broth is going to be that's why we
simmer it for 24 hours at our restaurant
at home eight hours would do the trick
on a low simmer alright the next step is
the fun part is toasting all the spices
so we have cinnamon and star nice and
hiding here in the bottom is clothes we
have a coriander seeds fennel seeds a
little licorice flavor to the broth and
then we have cardamom pots okay once
we're done just empty everything out
into the cheesecloth it's gonna tie
everything up right here we have Chuck
short rib
we have brisket and we have beef round
eye we're gonna cook our brisket in so
this is a Chuck short rib and we're
gonna throw that in I like to eat my
brisket very tender and my short very
tender so the goal for that is to cook
it a little longer and the last step is
the spices so after taking a nap eight
hours later this is the end result so
right now we got the brisket it's nice
and soft turn test it it's very tender
I'm gonna throw it in the ice bucket you
want to cool it down so you can actually
cut it later the trick is we put a
little salt into the water let it sit
there a little bit because you don't
want the meat to start browning and
start turning really dark so now you're
gonna let the meat pierce it for a good
five minutes all right so we got the
brisket I like to slice it a little thin
but you can see it's so tender now the
short rib we have enough for three bowls
here it's just gonna go there on the
middle it's so tender what I love about
short rib shred goes well with
everything who doesn't love short rib
and when you come to our restaurant and
you're thinking my uh little cute short
rib no we're gonna hit you with a big
gigantic one this is the beef I round
it's better to cut them really thin you
want the broth to cook them so you don't
want you don't want them to be too thick
our soup is nearly done we're gonna add
our sugar you don't want to add too much
salt so and most important about this
pho broth is fish sauce all right now
we're gonna start with the garnishes
cilantro scallions now for the lime
we're gonna cut them into wedges onion
so we're gonna cook the noodles now this
is a trick that we do so with the rice
noodles usually when you cook them and
you take them out and you leave them out
for a while they all stick together so
we add a little vegetable oil into the
water the noodles don't stick together
so you're always gonna have that fine
consistency all right gonna make sure
the water is bold noodles now now we're
gonna garnish your bowl all the meats
brisket around onions
garnishes this is where the magic
happens you want to reach from the
bottom is if you do it from the top
you're just gonna get all fat look at
that smells amazing wood it never gets
old and then at the end I scoop a little
bit of the fat on top and I add that on
tip and it gives it that richness not
too much not too little just right Thai
basil and bean sprouts on top take this
jar and short rib you can add it on the
side like that all right let's eat good
let's get this bone out here
mmm that's what I'm talking about
can he just all day I mean we make it
with love here come on this is this is
just amazing you know it never gets old
[Music]