hi how about a quick video on how to
make your house smell amazing okay guys
so I love these little things here and I
always buy the game scent and I seen
this earlier on Pinterest as well as
YouTube and we're gonna try it so you
need a quarter cup of UNSTOPABLES or in
my case
love-love gain always use it so quarter
cup game fireworks four tablespoons of
Arm and Hammer
one cup of hot water and then I
accidentally this is way too hot so I
can't put it quite into this spray
bottle just yet and so we're gonna go
ahead and let this cool off a bit put it
in this spray bottle and go ahead and
make everything smell amazing so you
guys give it a shot see how it works I'm
gonna use it on the dog beds and carpet
and rugs you know little things like
that and see how it does so everybody's
saying that it makes their house smell
amazing I love these little things here
some people love it some people hate it
I I love it and so we're gonna go ahead
and do this we're gonna pour it in and
we're gonna go ahead and use it you guys
have a wonderful day
one cup hot water four tablespoons
baking soda 1/4 cup of fireworks and or
gain UNSTOPABLES and that is the recipe
have a great one bye