okay again when I'm let me cut this end
off right here I'll put it into the side
on the side and what I do is I grab the
knife that I have and I cut it right not
just puncturing it just a little bit not
very far what I'm doing is I'm peeling
it off and onions could be strong they
can make you cry so to prevent that I'm
going over to my sink right now and all
doing is I'm washing it off a cold water
you can put it on the onions so watch
out the cold water that's helped make
sure you don't use hot water so rinsing
it off and I'm going to do the same
thing with this onion I don't know if
you can zoom it if you can see there's
some water on here on top of the onion
that I want to hurry up and rinse off so
I'm going to cut it in the just cut it
anywhere on the onion and I took more
off this one but that's okay
and I'm gonna go and throw that away and
I'll be right back you can focus in on
that onion I'm gonna rinse this off with
cold water and I'm rubbing it and I'm
rinsing it off now let me go ahead and
go back and here's my mandolin right
here I ended up getting this off of QVC
they have other ones there now but I
haven't been able to get it where they
have a little knob here where spikes pop
up it'll actually shred it so that it
won't just have it circular I'll tell
you what I mean as I cut it so let me
slice it and it has knobs here so I can
figure out how thick or how thin I want
to make it I'm going to make it around
medium so I grab my onion and I hold it
up I can either hold it up like this or
I could put on a bowl but I'm just gonna
do it like this I slide it down on and
while I'm sliding it down I'm pushing it
and then I have some onions push this
one here lock it on and I start the
process all over again
now what I was talking about earlier
they have ones where this got in a
circular if it had a little spikes on it
it would actually cut it in half so it
would look like this kind of like if you
put in a food processor I didn't buy
that one I'm going to save up and get
that one a little later on but I'm kind
of gone using this and this is how you
basically chop onions
and for those of you who so anyway
that's basically it this is how you chop
onions