[Music]
hi this is Daniel deturo many recipes
especially baked goods require
buttermilk buttermilk provides a flavor
and texture unlike the use of regular
milk true buttermilk is the liquid
remaining after making butter in some
areas of the United States the only
product available is cultured low-fat
buttermilk like milk it has an
expiration date that may only be a few
weeks once opened the buttermilk should
be used within a few days cultured
low-fat buttermilk begins with low-fat
milk thickened with food starch and gums
it may also be made with kagenin and
added salt like most milk sold in the US
it's fortified with vitamin A and D if
you only need or use buttermilk
occasionally and hesitate buying a quart
when you only need one or two cups there
is an alternative you can use in many
recipes it's buttermilk powder that has
a shelf life of 3 years or more this 12
oz container of Buttermilk powder makes
about 15 cups of Buttermilk almost 4
quarts unlike cultured buttermilk that's
made from lowfat milk this brand of
Buttermilk powder is made from
buttermilk with no added salt modifiers
or gums it is also not fortified with
vitamin A or D buttermilk powder is
perfect for biscuits breads cakes
pancakes waffles and other baked goods
requiring buttermilk unlike liquid
buttermilk it should not be used for
drinking coating or marinating to use
powdered buttermilk use the amount
specified by the manufacturer to make an
equivalent amount of liquid buttermilk
combine the buttermilk powder with the
dry ingredients do not mix it with water
add water to the recipe in the step that
calls out the buttermilk using the
equivalent amount of water or slightly
less depending on the consistency
desired for this brand to replace one C
cup of Buttermilk with buttermilk powder
you would add 4 tablespoon of Buttermilk
powder and 1 cup of water I found that
this works well for most recipes but
some recipes require a little less water
I found no significant difference in
flavor or Texture using buttermilk
powder versus cultured buttermilk
nutritionally buttermilk powder has
fewer calories sodium and protein than
cultured buttermilk
the differences are small and not
significant in most recipes I hope you
found this information helpful leave a
comment if you have a question about
this video thank you for watching
[Music]
oh