today I'm going to show you how to fix
the automatic up-down switch on your
driver's side door for your Honda
vehicle a lot of times if you change the
batteries and these this switch will no
longer work it will function to make the
window go up and down however it will
not automatically go all the way down
and then automatically go all the way
back up nothing is wrong with the switch
itself it's that you have to reset the
little memory inside of this and I'm
going to show you how to do that it's
very simple anybody can do it right in
their driveway with no special tools the
first step you're going to do is to take
your key place it in your ignition and
then turn it to accessory power that's
where you can turn your radio on you
want to leave the key in this position
for the next step next you're going to
press down on the driver's side window
switch until the window reaches the
bottom and then without releasing you're
gonna count one Mississippi two
Mississippi
so it's lowering all the way reaches the
bottom
one-mississippi two-mississippi and then
release
then you will pull up on this switch to
make the window raise until it closes
and it will be the same process
one-mississippi two-mississippi so now
the window is raising it's almost
reached the top it shut one-mississippi
two-mississippi release and now it's
fixed so now i've reset the memory of
the switch itself i can press down on it
one time in the window will lower all
the way lowers by itself and now i can
pull up on it and it will raise all the
way until it closes
and that's how easy it is to fix the
automatic up/down window switch in a
Honda vehicle after you change your
battery if you liked this video please
click like if you like my channel please
click subscribe and thanks for watching