us and today I'm going to talk to you
about the vanilla orchid bean vanilla
planner folio and
gives an actual warpage a new family
orchid a sea or just these are the these
are the plants that we have here that we
send out to bond with Parcel Post and by
fast way couriers and we've just done
that and you how to shoot with with
these because they're not as as simple
as what you think this is in the plant
that just clunk into a pot because they
don't rely on pop culture to exist you
know I'll just show you a couple and
we've got growing in our garden I'll
show you how we get them going I just
put this down for a second
go over here this is only a short video
by the way because Parramatta Eels are
playing Cronulla today and the games
just started so we could get through
this very quickly we expect to win we're
hoping anyway okay yeah we go right down
to the ground win when your your orchid
comes leave it in the pot that it's in
and see how we've half-buried this in
very coarse potting mix we put the pot
straight in like that this orchid
actually that's an epiphyte it grows on
plants out sunk its roots into this palm
tree it'll run up anything just to be
able to run up still and pick still our
good is that there wouldn't be much
nutrient in that but it'll actually live
off the nutrients that gets here you can
spray fertilizer into it to get the
plant going so so don't put it into a
great big pot and kill it it's got a
orchid type root I'll show you some
here's some roots here anyway soon just
climbing up now the idea is but
different what we've done here is to
train train this backwards and forwards
get a bit of wire or whatever you like
don't let it go way up the tree see you
can't get your vanilla pods the fact
sheet will tell you give you more
information about that and how to cross
pollinate them you don't
to clinch just one one's enough and what
about sunlight and how much sunlight do
they need we can see this one here if
this gets full Sun this is in the summer
full Sun comes through is fair bit of
shade here too
so once you've got them hardened to full
Sun there they'll take it and see how
nice and strong that plant that plant is
you can't grow them I wouldn't grow them
any further south and course up unless
you have warm conditions put them in
your controi we don't really know how
far self would go but coughs Arbor or
Geraldton UWA north north of those areas
or those areas in the north of there you
can grow them out in your garden
our boys grow me not here to shed or
like a warm
our climate here gets down to two or
three sometimes not very often we have
been down to zero but I don't think
these plans would would like that very
much
you're here
this is visual growl for cutting and we
just plonk we take cuttings from us
plonk them all in here and of course mix
and not to show you what their roots
tell they've established their roots in
there so you don't you gotta have them
in a coarse mixing don't put them in a
light wet mix because that that type of
thick orchid type riddle right just like
treat like an orchid but then probably
need a little bit more fine material
than your average water and yes show you
here the mix of you do need to put them
in a mix to start we've to get them
going that you can easily lose and if it
gets too wet I think I've shown you
simulator for Brit Milah bromeliads and
for 40 lines
that's Horse Park and we put about 40%
of that that's 10 to 15 millimeter
diameter and we mix it with its normal
potting mixes less than 10%
sorry the normal potting mix we go about
50/50 and see you see that mix it mix
the two let's grab a bit more I've mixed
it all in there but just normal potting
mix anyway mix it in with that course
material lots of tropical and
subtropical plants like that sort of a
mix especially in winter that's about
all we've got to say if you want more
information a look at our the fact sheet
which you'll find when you click on the
vanilla orchid some of the unusual
plants and probably under orchids this
will on the our website which is
www.galbraithfamilylaw.com