hey guys so today I'm going to be
teaching you how to do an awesome
tie-dye effect sort of like this with a
spiral but with spray paint so it's
really quick and easy but do not do
anything dangerous with spray paint
because I know it's like toxic a lot so
what you're gonna need is t-shirt and
whatever color spray paint you want you
can do it with multiple colors but I'm
just using one for now because it's easy
that way and I lay down some newspaper
cuz I don't really want to get the grass
all yellow so what you can do is take
your t-shirt at a ball of mine um and
lay it out in front of you like this so
once you've got it all nice and laid out
you are going to if you want to the
spiral like I'm doing what you do is you
pinch in the middle of shirt and you
spin it around
and then you spin the entire shirt until
it's all the way around like this and
it's in a nice little start wishing so
what you're going to do is take the
spray paint shake it up make sure it's
nicely I don't know shake it up make
sure it works test it out and then what
you can do is you're just going to spray
the whole shirt you're going to get it
nice and covered
and then once you've got this side
probably wants to flip it over and be
careful because you will get paint on
your hands don't wear any clothes that
you want to keep clean and then spray
the other side
sever it completely otherwise it won't
really show up that well and it'll just
sort of look I don't know strange and
then what I like to do is go back to the
first side and take the spiral and sort
of loosen it up a bit so you can see
white again I you can't really see that
but I don't know if I made it looser and
then take just repaint and spray again
so that the spiral that you made
originally is bigger and more defined
cover that all again and then flip it to
the other side and you can see there's
lots of white spots so you'll want to
open that up and get all that otherwise
your spiral will be really thin and it
won't stand out as well and then just
spray it again
you can keep loosening it up and
spraying it as many times as you want
until you get whatever like however much
spray paint you want on there but when
you think that you have enough you can
take it and open your shirt up and you
should have a nice spiral just like that
there you go
you