[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Cepeda car will come to Penn spell today
recipe for pickle or other name in
Thailand we call name it's delicious
recipe and easy to make and a perfect
for a snack
Oh salad or appetizer and perfect
perfect ah
let's follow me come on let's make it
together ingredients for pickle or sada
name in telomere code names
easy easy simple to make and a few
ingredients it's a perfect for probiotic
and help us to date a sinner and tell me
to meet you know so much Alex
see the first one is garlic we use the
boss seven bit cloves of garlic and
vehicle to a method of power we could
have created and I will use a motor to
power its college let flow or aroma
coming out from garlic it smell good I
have a cook yet but smell good already
and one tablespoon of rice floor and
three teaspoon of salt and one pound
half of rock now we go to mix everything
together
garlic didn't like motor I could and if
you don't have to more doctor you can
use this tool and you just grew it like
this make a mess garlic
[Music]
NASA mixed rice flour to put in there
and microwave I use a glove to mix a pop
picker and salt and as rice for coping
microbial both 52nd weeks ago
[Music]
I'm gonna use my hand I with my hand
with water all over and they're gonna
put in a plastic bag I couldn't make a
good size they say
[Music]
I'm gonna put in a plastic bag at the
good size
[Music]
for a spicy lever you can add despair
chili or any chili you like of red bell
pepper get this wrapped on to see how it
work with a rubber band like this add
one more how we do to upper Bann come
out look like this keep its if you want
more get a little more fermented
circulates more sour and to keep it a
little longer they like some kind of hot
hot temperature or warm temperature and
if they're like cold temperature you
have to keep it not in refrigerator a
room temperature about maybe similar 8
days before you can eat that if you
acquire rest to eat you can eat anytime
you want you can cook grow it or fry it
it's all perfect or if you're not fry it
you can eat when get up fermented it
would be perfect perfect player and a
good good probiotic ooh look at our pork
because
overdone I hope you enjoyed this recipe
stay happy and healthy I will see you
next video bye bye
[Music]