hey everybody I've just got a quick tip
for y'all on one way to prevent frayed
edges on ribbon on your cards
so first little tip is to use good
scissors these are just Martha Stewart
ones that I bought at Michaels I've
talked I think about my scissors before
and then I also have a pair of paper
snips that I put a little piece of
ribbon tied over on them that I use just
for ribbon because if you watch my
videos I've mentioned before that
cardstock and paper cutting is the
fastest way to dull scissors so that's
one way to prevent frayed edges is to
use a really good pair of sharp scissors
because it cuts cleanly and it keeps the
ribbon from fraying so just like so but
another thing that I do with certain
ribbons which ones like this like satin
ones or just ribbons that are prone to
fraying really easily when people handle
the card and whatnot is to just use a
lighter I know there's other products
out there people have even dabbed
crystal effects on the ends and there's
other I don't know the name of it I
can't remember it but there's another
product I think you can get it at fabric
store someone thought that you can dab
on the ends that prevents fraying and
like seals the ends I don't know what
it's called and this works for me this
is a way faster I'm not gonna sit around
and wait for the ends ribbon to dry cuz
I just don't care yeah I just use a
lighter again obviously when you do this
be very careful because this is
cardstock and ribbon and it's flammable
so you don't want to set your house on
fire so if you are a younger viewer make
sure you have parental permission to do
this
but yeah I just it's going to kind of be
hard to show on a video because of the
way I hold it but I just make sure I've
hold held it out so I'm not lighting
everything on fire let's see if I can do
it like this there we go and then I get
it going and I don't light the ribbon on
fire I just get the flame close enough
and the ribbon not just melts
when it gets close to the heat so I just
dab that gently and then that's all
there is to it there we go so yeah
that's all I do
okay and then you can see when it melts
it gets kind of glossy and that's all
there is so yeah and just by doing it
that way it seals the end it keeps it
from fraying and as long as you're
careful and don't start everything on
fire it's quick and simple and you can
go on to finish your card so I hope that
helped you guys and I will talk to y'all
next time bye