hi friends welcome if you're Neal and if
you're already a subscriber thanks for
coming back if this is your first time
watching me hello welcome to my channel
my name is Gia
I'm a working mom we tried to balance it
all and I would love for you to join my
YouTube family by clicking the subscribe
button down below as well as a little
bell next to it and for those already
subscribed welcome back so I've been
wanting to make this video for a while
now you guys cuz I always get comments
from time to time
that ask me how I find time for myself
or how do you recharge yourself and and
how do you really take care of yourself
when you have so many things going on
and I really do have so many things
going on just just to list a few
I do work full-time outside of the home
I have a six year old and a three year
old and a husband and I manage our home
and I have an online course I'm an
online entrepreneur I'm a youtuber who
tries to upload as much as she can so
it's like my girls are in activities
from gymnastics to swimming and you know
it's a lot we do i do semi homeschooling
with them so it's a lot that i have to a
lot of balls in the air that i try to
juggle but i have to tell you this it's
the most important ball that i have that
has to stay up in the air is my mental
and physical health okay because if i am
not healthy i cannot do all of the
things that i was put on this earth to
do okay and and you can say it until
you're blue in the face but until you
actually see it and know that it it's a
necessity you'll you'll never know i
mean everybody always says you have to
take care of yourself before you can
take care of others and i know that for
a fact okay for a fact so when i feel
myself getting run down and just feeling
depleted of my energy because i give so
much energy to my family to my career to
my online endeavors to you know just
everything that i want to do i know that
i have to recharge myself and the number
one way that i do that is by this I
don't find the time I make the time I
make it a necessity just like it's a
necessity for you to shower and brush
your teeth every day it has to be a
necessity for you to take care of
yourself and
charge your own battery now for me
personally I like to recharge my battery
by just being alone and having quiet
time I put on my headphones I'll run a
nice extra hot steaming hot bath and I
will just listen to some music that gets
me just relaxed and in this vibe for me
it's a little bit of neo-soul and 90s
R&B that will just take me to a place
that just completely changes my attitude
completely fills my battery up and just
makes me feel good I mean I can have the
worst day and have a splitting headache
but if I put some music on that I really
like that I could just sing to and just
sit in a bath my headache will go away
and I absolutely to like take on the
world again now I'm not saying a bath is
for you may be for you and sometimes for
me I'd like to watch reality television
because it just removes me from my
reality and I see that I'm actually
pretty normal compared to the people
that are on reality TV so it makes me
feel good about myself sometimes I like
to do that too but you have to find
whatever that is for you
like maybe it's jogging or walking or
exercising or knitting or crafting or
whatever it is you have to make the time
to do it
okay so many of us moms we are judging
each other or putting each other down
will you work out you you're a working
mom or your stay-at-home mom or you have
it easier like that is just nonsense
nobody has it easy it's there's nothing
easy about raising children to be
capable healthy mentally stable adults
there's nothing easy about that and it
takes a lot of energy and a lot of time
and so nobody has it easy and so we have
to encourage each other we have to
uplift each other we have to support one
another okay and so you do that by
making sure that you're your own
personal battery is recharged so I just
wanted to share that message to anybody
that feels like you're drowning and
you're overwhelmed or maybe you're a new
mother you know it takes time to find a
schedule but let me tell you something
those dishes in the sink will be there
tomorrow
okay those those clothes that need to be
folded will be there tomorrow but put
your mental and physical health first
before anything else because that's the
only way that you can
really survived this this thing called
life you know for me I like to have my
prayer time I like to do it first thing
in the morning before I even you know
after I cut off my alarm that's the
first thing I do is just do a prayerful
meditation because I feel like that sets
me up for the day and in the evening I
like to have my relaxing bath and quiet
time to myself and that's okay
okay so I want you to know it's okay for
you to take care of yourself first and
as a matter of fact it's a necessity so
leave a comment down below and let me
know how do you reach hard your energy
your battery how do you keep yourself
going and keep yourself energized for
you and your family I would love to know
leave a comment down below I love for us
to support each other thank you guys so
much for watching if you haven't hit
that subscribe button yet you can tap my
picture up above and you can also check
out my previous video right over here
and all of my social media platforms all
this down below thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video bye