[Music]
if you're working on your kitchen
customizing your closet or just making
some fixtures for around the shop
melamine flake board is cost effective
and has a nice smooth surface but most
woodworkers don't realize there's a
process to cutting it properly on the
table saw if you just go at it with your
regular rip saw you're gonna tear it up
even this 48 tooth combination blade is
has too few teeth you want a 60 to 70
tooth blade one that's labeled for
veneers and crosscut on plywood that's
going to give you the results you want
we also can't take our cut all at once
we need to make a scoring cut on each
face and then pierce through I like to
show you that process and also remind
you don't forget to take your riving
knife out when you're doing this so I
have my blade set to just barely pierce
through the face of the melamine and I'm
gonna make my first cut so you can see
by scoring the melamine I get a nice
clean cut as opposed to the chip out
here on a through cut what happens is
that as the blade is coming through and
crushing down on the melamine on the
face it pulls chips of it away so by
scoring it first we won't get that chip
out I'll score both sides and then make
my through cut
Bella means a nice product you just have
to get used to working with it and work
with it properly
thanks for watching this quick tip
subscribe for more woodworking quick
tips and project videos
[Music]
you