top secret Christmas present
construction happened in now so we're
here to get the last or the only few
pieces that we actually have to purchase
to put this thing together so let's get
this thing going you know me I got the
cup of joe so let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so some of the stuff we need to
have to make this birdhouse tree happen
couple four by fours I'm using some of
these dog eared fence pickets you can
use any relatively thin lumber you like
but these guys are only a couple bucks a
board and they hold up pretty well easy
to work with and you need dowel rods
these are for the little perches for
them to sit on right outside the hole
and obviously need some basic power
tools I'm using a chop saw cordless
drill then you'll need your oh I'm using
a drill press to drill the hole for them
to get in and out and then your basic
screwdrivers and nailers and stuff like
that so let's get this project going
okay and what we want to do is we want
to make the standoffs tough for the
birdhouse to rest on and you want to
make these with 45-degree cuts on each
end so that when it sits on the post it
will create a flat surface or a level
surface rather at the top to be able to
mount the birdhouse on so to do that I'm
using a miter saw and I've got that
angle set it 45 degrees and we're just
gonna cut I'm gonna get my lovely
assistant hold this for you now the 4x4
is actually a little big in mine my
guard here catches I just use my thumb
to put that up
and you'll see it doesn't quite get all
the way through because it's at an angle
but little edge sometimes you have to
kind of knock it off or stand it on for
whatever and that's going to create that
standoff there so let's get all these
things cut and we'll see what it looks
like when we start getting ready to
assemble it of course I ended up with
you know ended up let's take some nice
long screws I'm going to put two in
there then I'm gonna put a angle screw
going in that other way
and you'll want to be careful and that's
that okay um the links I did here this
is just a standard 8 foot 4x4 and I
could this one it's right about 29 28
and a half inches you want to measure
from I guess the longest point of the
longest I don't guess it matters you can
and go from shortest to show us as long
as you're consistent so that one's about
28 and a half 29 the second tier is
right about 22 a little less then and
this top tier of them is gonna be right
about 17 inches there so just to give
you a basic kind of sort of where you
want them to be and what this will
create is this so kind of create almost
a straight line going up with the
birdhouses but slightly angling in
towards the top where I'm going to mount
that last part house okay so one of the
things I'm realizing I should have
started from the top to screw them in
only because to make sure a tight fit
for the drill to get in here it'll still
make it in there but it's just a little
easier to work from the top down so I'm
not gonna oh just putting that one in
there and I'm gonna put
this one it's gonna be the top layer now
I want this one to actually be slightly
lower than the top here because I want
to kind of create that that top want to
be a little taller
it's obviously entirely up to you how
you decide to mount those up there
not quite enough hands and like I said
most of this is just leftover pieces of
4x4 ahead I did this one is for the main
post that one's new but most of these
other pieces just leftover pieces I had
from other projects I just hang on to
them and try to repurpose them obviously
you'll want to change your measurements
and your spacing depending on what kind
of birdhouses you're gonna have you
don't want it to be so tall they won't
fit between there that's something
you'll want to consider we're gonna
build the birdhouses we bought some
[Music]
so we can build those to kind of fit
what we have going here and that's that
side we're gonna do the same thing on
the other side and I'll be able to stand
it up and show you what we got that's
the stand we're gonna throw the
birdhouses together let me stand this
thing up and alright and this is what it
looks like this is obviously taller than
its gonna end up being because I'm gonna
concrete this in the ground we're gonna
birdhouse birdhouse birdhouse this holds
seven of them I think I'm gonna stick it
18 inches or so in the ground so it'll
probably top out about here it is
definitely not gonna go anywhere
um I will tell you though it's a little
weighty so keep that in mind.this
wherever you build it you're gonna have
to transport it to where you're gonna
put it now let's put those birdhouses
okay for the roof pieces we're in it for
each birdhouse we're eating need two of
these with a angle there that's just a
bet the miter saw set at 45 degrees it's
kind of traced out the lines there and
we're just going to
doing this one-handed of course means
I'm gonna have to pause it to make the
cut anyway just kind of line it up like
that I'm go ahead and process these
things out I'm going to have I'm gonna
go with four of the same design and I'm
gonna put two different designs on this
birdhouse trade yes we'll call it so let
me get these cut and we'll show you
where at all right my sides are nine and
a half inches long eight and a half nine
and a half I'm go ahead and straighten
the saw back up and I'm gonna go ahead
and cut out I need three more so I need
six more sides I mean bang those out
real quick all right
now get the size I'm just keeping them
together in little kids that way when I
assemble them it's just kind of like an
assembly line Jericho's gonna come out
here and help me put these guys together
but got the ends and the sides I need to
get the bottoms form and the bottoms are
I believe 12 inches if I remember
correctly
the roof pieces are 12 inches so I'm
going to cut the roof pieces off it
okay I've got the sides the roof and the
fronts and backs I think last time I
said I needed to cut the sides actually
had already cut the sides now I need to
cut the bottoms the bottoms are gonna be
eight inches I'm gonna go grab that and
I'm just gonna whip that out real quick
I'm if you haven't figured it out yet
I'm just using fence pickets you get
these things for a couple bucks three
bucks at your big-box store I've got
these in Lowe's Home Depot about the
same price there are they're pretty good
in the weather they're a little thin so
you have to be careful nailing together
and everything but you know for I can
essentially build a birdhouse out of one
picket if I cut it out separately like
that so when you figure you know a few
bucks for a birdhouse it's not bad
so it's cheap inexpensive way to to
build those so let me go ahead knock
these bobbins out and there we go got
the bottoms in there now so I've got
them almost wrapped up like little kits
like I said earlier
got the roof pieces the side pieces the
bottoms and the ends I'm gonna take each
one of our one of each of the ends for
each kit in there to the hole saw and
drill press and go ahead and put that
hole there so it's just gonna be make
sure you Center this before you do that
so they're five and a half inches across
of two and three-quarter inches to the
center there and let me go ahead an get
that marked out on these and we'll show
you how we do that all right so what you
need to do this is gonna have to drill
through so you're gonna want a piece of
scrap under there so you don't hit your
table I'm just kind of line it up and
we're gonna go ahead and drill it
you'll feel it when it kind of goes
through that first piece and releases
that's all there is to that I'm gonna go
ahead knock out the other couple and
we'll show you how we put these together
okay I've got these guys with the hole
in the middle the only thing I'm missing
like I said is the hole for the perch
I'm have to drill that after just
because I forgot to pick up the dowel
rod for it so let me go ahead and start
assembling these things and you see what
we look like when we're through okay and
what I'm doing is I'm just going to tack
it together with a couple nails on each
side using a little air brad finishing
nailer kind of get it all fitted
together and then once it fit together
right and everything looks good I'll go
ahead and secure it with with more
finishing nails in there so just make
sure you've got one with a hole one
without a hole on the ends and get to it
so let me go ahead and assemble this
thing and show you what we look like
just kind of lay your side on there
you'll notice it leaves a little gap at
the top that's intentional so that
there's some air flow in there and then
just take your right now we're trying to
do this one-handed is a just using a
couple nails in each each side of it
there set it on there give you the
up-close-and-personal there
some staples out of there first let me
grab that it's not that real quick and
this end is actually a type of fig you
almost have to squeeze it down in there
once you have these on there
but it's all right kind of baked in the
Sun little loosen up a little doesn't
really matter anyway you're nailing it
all together so prepare that let me do
that as far as the roof pieces you want
to put one of them right up flush with
the edge of this other one here tips
over things see what I'm doing there
because what I'm gonna do is I'm
actually gonna hinge it so that it uh
it'll open and close to make clean out
easier okay and I've started hinging
these up and you'll see they just open
up so you can clean it out I'm just
using these guys a little got him into
the gate hardware section gatehouse
brand hinges
I looked for a dull finish but they
didn't have any I figured this stuff
will tarnish up quickly enough anyway
we're gonna paint these um after we get
it over there she likes bright colors
and whatnot so I reckon we'll probably
just paint over those and go from there
I'm a couple things to note for example
here I had a knob that was there if you
end up with a knot on the edge like that
I just missed that when I was picking
our boards pay attention to pick
you boys make sure you don't have those
I did have one it's not a big deal just
make sure you've got that on the bottom
in because it's actually you see it's
actually down past where the birdhouse
is so the waters gonna leak into the
birdhouse from there and so just be fine
if you could put it at the top obviously
were to try to be try to sleep with a
hole in the roof and that never works
out well so but this is what they look
like with the hinges in there I'm going
to finish installing these hinges and
then we're gonna start putting
birdhouses on the tree
and here we are putting a coat of paint
on the birdhouse tree it's gonna be
green the rest of our birdhouses in her
yard are green and on the post so this
one's gonna be green it's the weather is
not being terribly curl cooperative it's
kind of icky outside so we're doing this
under the awning balanced on the table
saw which I put paint on which is gonna
be fun to get off but anyway this is
underway and inside
Jerrica is painting the birdhouses
themselves so I'll show you that
and that about wraps that project up
you'll see I've got another stack of
fence pickets here that's because it's
been a couple weeks inside a put these
together I didn't put the video out
because obviously I didn't want my
mother-in-law to see what she was
getting for Christmas ahead of time but
since then I've had several requests for
me to build some birdhouse trees for
some of them just like that one some of
them with just three houses on them so
we're gonna go and get those started
today too so thanks for watching hit
like and subscribe
any questions please comment below y'all
take care