if you have not subscribed to my channel
yet click on the subscribe button in
upon this bill akin to get notified
whenever a new suit is out
hello in welcome surprise kitchen in
craving any Mickey a healthy soup with
broccoli slaw history
[Music]
so the ingredients we need to meet the
broccoli soup are 500 grams of broccoli
from which half of them are fluids in
half of them are finely chopped then one
carrot in half of a capsicum both finely
chopped then half a litre of vegetable
stock and this is really important for
the soup because it contains lots of
flavors of whole spices in lots of
vegetables so if you want to know how to
make this stock you can SiC make sure on
that I will give you a link in the
description below or click on this above
link then doing half tablespoons of
ginger garlic paste 3 to 4 chopped geeks
leaves 2 to 3 tablespoons of butter 1
tablespoon of soy sauce 1 tablespoon of
irrigate when in 1/2 tablespoons of
chili sauce 1 tablespoon of black pepper
powder and some salt to taste now first
we need to boil the broccoli so father
take a pen and add more than half a
liter of water and wait till it comes to
boil then add all the fluids not the
finely chopped ones because that we will
use later now boil this for 4 to 5
minutes then remove them to a blini let
it cool down then plane to make a smooth
paste and also don't throw away the
boiled water add that to the vegetable
stock which we will use later then in
the same pan add 1 tablespoon of oil
which will prevent the butter from
burning they add the seasoning garlic
paste and the chopped green chillies now
sorted is a few seconds then do they add
all the finest of broccoli the capsicum
and the carrot
now sort of the vegetables for couple of
minutes now to the vegetables at the
vegetable stock along with the boiled
woody
then add the smooth paste we made with
the blender now reduce the flame to
medium to look in similes for 4 to 5
minutes then do they need all the soy
sauce the vinegar the black pepper body
since all duties endlessly sauce now mix
all these intensely we should only feel
silky then take quarter cup of put in a
small cup into the editor and one and
half tablespoons of corn flew in making
sure and this will thicken the soup so
reduce the flame to low and with
conscious tearing at the confirmation
and stop when you get the perfect
thickness then again boiled for two to
three minutes in the supervision
[Music]
that's it one of the healthy broccoli
soon returns at home in save experience
in the comment section below
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
if you have not subscribed to my channel
yet click on the subscribe button in
upon this bill akin to get notified
whenever a new suit is out