brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet
hi I'm Mike Greer I'm one of the owners
of warning Auto I want to help you save
time and money repairing and maintaining
your vehicle I'm going to use my 20-plus
years experience restoring and repairing
cars and trucks like this to show you
the correct way to install parts from 1a
auto calm the right parts installed
correctly that's going to save you time
and money thank you and enjoy the video
in this video we're going to show you
how to check the oil and where to fill
the oil on this 98 Explorer very similar
for any car so if you're wondering about
checking your oil watching this video
should help you out and we also go
through finding out what type of oil you
need in your car so check your engine
oil this vehicle is a Ford Explorer and
pretty obvious big cap on the top here
that says engine oil depending on your
vehicle that cap this is a rear-wheel
drive or four-wheel drive so the engine
is mounted this way if your engine is
mounted kind of across with a front
wheel drive vehicle your oil cap will
generally be able further closer to the
to the front of the vehicle and then the
oil dipstick is right over here nicely
labeled in this car and generally will
look something like this
or it'll be a loop that is colored grey
or black and check the engine oil just
grab the dipstick you might want to
twist it a little bit pull it up and out
I use a paper towel or some other cloth
wipe it off put it back in
and then pull it out and then you can
see where the level of the oil is and as
I'll just wipe it off a little bit you
can see that there's a crosshatch
pattern here so you want the level to
come up right in that crosshatch also
right in the middle of these two dots
and so you can see that actually the
level is fine in this vehicle important
to note that you want to do this on a
level surface because this does go down
into the side of the oil pan so if this
vehicle was tilted towards the driver's
side the oil would appear higher than it
is and if it was tilted towards the
passenger side it would appear lower so
you want to try to do this on a fairly
level surface usually at a gas station
is the best place make sure you put the
dipstick back in that's another another
important thing is make sure when you're
checking the oil you do push it all the
way down and in and then pull it out if
you need to add oil remove the cap
usually these caps twist now this one
actually pushes all the way off okay
sometimes they'll twist off like that
other times they'll twist to a point and
then just pull off and then obviously
you would pour the oil in there and then
as far as you need to make sure you neat
you use the oil that's recommended for
your vehicle and you'll you can find
that in a couple different places on
this vehicle there's a tag right here on
the radiator support and you can see it
recommends 5w30 sometimes this tag can
be located further back in the engine
compartment or it can also be located up
on the hood on some vehicles and then
the other source of that information is
in your manual and if you look here's
the engine oil recommendation and then
down below you'll see 5w30
and you can usually find this in your
manual by looking in your index either
under engine engine oil or you could
also look under there's usually a
specifications and sometimes there's a
fluid levels and specification section
depending on what vehicle you have and
then also some vehicles they'll actually
have the oil specification printed right
on the cap we hope this helps you out
brought to you by ww1 aho calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the internet please
feel free to call us toll-free 888 eight
four four three three nine three where
the company that's here for you on the
internet and in person