I'm starting off here with 1 tbspoon of
kosher salt I'm also going to add 2
teaspoon of chili powder along with half
of a teaspoon of freshly ground black
pepper a half of a teaspoon of onion
powder a half of a teaspoon of garlic
powder and then 2 tbspoon of brown sugar
and just as a side note I don't always
use the brown sugar and I'd also like to
let you know that you can definitely add
other spices and I will leave some
suggestions over here on the side but
make this your own adjust the seasonings
and make it the way that you like it
this is a very basic rub that I use for
like my ribs and also for Smoked Meats
and I absolutely love it just how it is
but it is definitely really delicious
dressed up as well enjoy the recipe and
happy cooking everyone hi again thank
you so much for watching my video please
give it a like and a thumbs up and share
it with all of your friends because
sharing is caring and if you're not
already a subscriber be sure to go ahead
and subscribe now thank you so much for
watching and happy cooking
everyone