okay this is how to remove salt water
deposits or calcium deposits on the side
of your pool using us
hydrochloric acid I'm using a spray
bottle from Lowe's make sure you marked
it properly danger make sure you wear
gloves eye protection long sleeves
because this stuff is nasty get it on
you quick use the pull water to wash it
off cause it's gonna burn
alright here we go we're gonna give it a
shot okay big enough coat on there here
this is one okay there's the old so
what's going on right now weight on it
pretty good
lift that lower deposit there pretty you
can hear it sizzling now I've been told
by some pool companies that the best way
to do this is uh they come out with some
kind of a plastic beads and sand blast
it with that off of there and then they
just scoop up the beads if they're
floating on top of the water but this
has been working for me just to clean it
up and get rid of the problem
okay that's removing it see here just my
finger you can see that it's uh it's
removing that scum scum that's what it
looked like before that's what it looks
like now so it's definitely dissipating
it eating it away you can't leave it on
there too long I want to use a scotch
pad that came out pretty good I mean
compared to that yeah that looks pretty
good just make sure you use all safety
precautions around uh hydrochloric acid
it's extremely extremely corrosive yeah
look at that that's not too bad not too
bad at all took a couple years off that
top old new works for me give it a shot