hey yells Jake I've got a tip for you on
how to remove nicotine or cigarette tar
from different objects I'm cleaning out
my travel trailer right now and I pulled
out the microwave and the entire top of
it is covered with this nicotine gross
tar that was left behind for the last
owner who smoked in it so the way I
found is you can take a bottle of
Scrubbing Bubbles the foaming kind for
bathroom cleaner you just spray it on
there let it foam up let that sit for a
second I've got a bucket of warm water
here you got a sponge and I just take it
and it'll start wiping off you see it
picks it up really well this is the
cheapest and quickest way I've found to
remove this nicotine tar from the walls
of your travel trailer your appliances
anything that seems to be covered in
this stuff the Scrubbing Bubbles gets it
off so there's your tip