okay so the park hopper strap for
typical use over your shoulder is a
little too long so I learned a trick
from another member of this group in
shortening the strap so you've got the
buckle side on this side got the other
side over here which is just the loop
through grab the strap pull it back
through and you're gonna bring it back
over here and you're going to insert the
end of the strap into the space between
the buckle and the other end of your
strap insert it takes a minute to get in
there and pull it through for a little
bit and you now have a shoulder length
park hopper strap I've used this before
it doesn't come out it seems to be
pretty secure just the way that it sits
in there obviously there is a chance
that it could come out but I've had
pretty good luck so far that's it