I wanted to make glitter candles for a
while but I'm really scared of a like
burning them with the glue on and all
the way I said it said that you could do
it but I'm still too terrified but I
sucked it up and made some candles and
they're really pretty so I'm gonna show
you guys how to make them so if you want
to you can try it out so you need some
Kendall fine glitter some painters tape
scissors you can use straight edge or
squiggly edge as well as some Mod Podge
and a brush that you don't mind for
ruining cuz chances are unless you like
clean it right away it's gonna be run
okay so I'm sorry this is out of the
frame of it I honestly had no idea until
I just now when I went to edit but I
wrapped a piece of tape around for the
strike one and then I used another piece
of tape as my divider so that each space
would be the same between them I tend to
be about it a lot whenever I'm doing
stripes of any kind I'm sure you've seen
it before and then I put the next piece
of tape on and so on and so forth and
once that was done I used Mod Podge and
I coated the whole candle bowl all the
like stripes that hasn't taped off in
the montage and then I just sprinkled my
glitter and I made sure that I did it
over top of a plate so that I could
reuse any of the glitter that fell out
and you know like put it back into the
container so you wanna make sure it's a
clean plate obviously so I just did that
and I sprinkled it on all of the sides
and then ones that I was completely on I
just topped it off to get any extra
glitter off and then I put some more Mod
Podge on once it was dry over it and
basically I just wanted to have a second
coating of glitter because I wanted it
to be like a super hardcore glitter I
doesn't want to be able to see any of
the candle through so I just again
coated everything in the Mod Podge like
you did the first time and then
sprinkled glitter on it again
obviously multiple coats of litter are
completely optional but I really just
think that it you know gives it more of
a striking effect when you first see it
and then once that was dry I went ahead
and applied a third coat of Mod Podge
and this is just to seal in all the
glitter so that none of it rubs off onto
your hands and then what I found easiest
is actually using a pair of tweezers to
get the end started and then peeling the
rest of it off I'm you can see on the
plate I have discarded tape from the
earlier candle I did actually did it
with zigzag like zigzag scissors to make
kind of like a chevron pattern on the
candle which I think turned out really
cool also so you totally up to you be
100% creative on how you want it done
just I would recommend make sure the
very top doesn't have glitter on it
because you want to candle just like the
way that candles burn they burn from the
inside out right so the glitter won't
actually ever catch on fire because
it'll burn and like drip where does that
make sense
anyways of that that did make sense and
these are how my candles turned out let
me know if you try it out and if yours
turned out cool or not thank you so much
for watching if you haven't seen my last
video please click that button there no
direct to that video a random video
which is just a random video that I
picked that I thought you didn't enjoy
also there's a link to my vlogging
channel as well as a subscribe button
because you know you want to subscribe
because you want to be around for all
the next videos that come out don't
forget I put out new videos every Monday
to Friday and I'll see you guys later
bye