hi guys and gals this is mama bear with
a daily - of life and today I'm making
Sun tea
to get things started I will be using a
one gallon glass jar with a tight lid a
one gallon bag of tea and if you don't
have that you can use two family size
bags or eight personal size bags
I love making Sun tea it's pretty much a
surefire way not to get that burnt taste
in your tea which is perfect for making
southern sweet pea this tea also takes
me back to my childhood when my mom's
friend Alice would always have some
ready for her guests she would also have
freshly baked cakes if I knew you were
coming I'd have baked a cake baked a
cake which my mom used to sing all the
time now all I have to do is set it out
in the Sun and let it steep on its own
of course the hotter the day the faster
it will steep one hot day it was done in
ten minutes but you can sleep up to an
hour sometimes even longer depending on
the strength you want it to be at and
you know mama needs her strong 12 gallon
cup of tea now is a good time to go
borrow that cup of sugar from your
neighbor I like to add my sugar while my
tea is still hot because then the sugar
dissolves really well 2/3 of a cup works
just fine for me and my family but if
you want some real southern sweet tea
then you need to add at least two cups
serve your tea over lots of ice a squirt
of lemon and it goes great with deviled
eggs
potato salad barbeque basically a family
cookout please check out my bright
yellow yolk video to go with this sweet
Sun tea this has been mama bear with a
daily dash of life and as always don't
forget to spice up yours please continue
to like subscribe and check out all of
my other videos