hey it's Ana bringing you a really cool
and one of my favorite items it's a two
pack of our glass solar powered wine
lights now these are actually glass and
as you can see they're just gorgeous
even when they're off but the great
thing about them is they're solar
powered so they charge all day and at
night they turn on to give you a
beautiful glow you can use these inside
or out so they will charge by bright
light so inside put them on your table
they look gorgeous for a romantic
evening uh outside on the deck you can
put them on a table or you've got this
hemp cord which you can hang and you can
hang a bunch of them off to get a really
nice effect on your patio or deck I
absolutely love these and what's hard
sometimes in email and even in the
videoos to get across what great quality
these are and that's what these are
these are s solid glass you'll see a lot
of plastic ones on the market that
actually sell for more than what ours do
it's so easy to operate all you have to
do is push the button on the bottom to
turn it on then when it's dimly lit or
dark out it'll turn on now if it doesn't
it just means it's not charged and
remember it charges from sunlight or
Bright Lights uh and what I like about
the light is it's just a nice soft
ambient light so it's just
beautiful I've told you that this is a
great quality item it is but our price
is just phenomenal head on over to our
site check out some of the pictures we
have and Order yours today