hi this is dr. DePasquale and it has
recently come to my attention that men
like to use alcohol rubbing alcohol on
their face especially after washing
their face or after shaving so I decided
to Google it and guess what the internet
said the same thing that this is what
men should do and I'm here to tell you
that that is completely wrong
now most fan will use rubbing alcohol on
their face after washing or shaving to
close their pores and to probably
prevent oiliness of their skin but the
problem with rubbing alcohol is very
very drying and it also disrupts the ph
balance of the skin at that point once
you dry the skin out so much you have no
choice but to add so much moisturizer to
kind of get your skin back to where it
should be my recommendation would be to
add a toner to your skincare regimen
it's just as easy easy to use it smells
better it's better for your skin will
help restore the pH balance and will
leave you feeling much less dry and
leave you doing much less damage to your
skin this is dr. DePasquale thanks for
watching