so here's a little something different
for all of you it's my car I have a 2003
Buick Park Avenue and one thing this car
has been holding up beautifully but the
windows are slowing down they will get
stuck on very humid days whenever it
rains or if it's very cold out the
windows will stick like windows not so
much but I'm going to cover those two
you know after this video because the
front windows is more of the concern the
front windows and turn the car on front
windows have been sticking in fact you
can see kind of a residue they've been
sticking and going down very slowly as
you can see here and same thing when it
goes back up a car battery has 12 volts
right now so very slow and doesn't go up
all the way alright that's it you don't
want to push your motor there's a
sticker did he go up all the way
same with passenger side window the
exact thing so what I went to do is they
went to Advance Auto Parts to that I
picked up liquid wrench silicone spray
now do not do not get liquid wrench
penetrating oil no you don't want
anything oil-based like that you want
silicone sprayed so what are we going to
do we're going to oil the tracks we're
going to oil tracks so what you're going
to do is you're going to roll down your
windows bolt them it wind up and shut
that off and we're going to oil the
tracks I can't do everything at once on
this video so but I'm going to show you
now before I actually do it myself
right you track the team there and all
the way down there a light bead a very
light coating stuff will come out quick
it is very liquefied so you're not going
to oil here because that's just going to
smear your window you're going to oil on
the track right here and on the track
there and then you're going to
put your windows up and down up and down
you know cycle them okay now after you
cycle them this should be your result
smooth as butter no effort at all it
goes right up past the sticker 100%
sealed after this if your windows show
any sign at all are sticking do it again
this will prevent the seals from you
know ripping and drying and breaking
because as the window gets stuck it will
be pulling on the seal the entire time