hi everyone i'm carlos tricks and in
this video i will talk about suresh in
modeling chocolate i will give you some
tips and talk about some techniques that
I use I hope they are useful to you and
you will like my video I've started I
mostly work with a blend of modeling
chocolate and modeling paste between 30
to 50 percent of my advice depending on
room temperature the humidity and the
temperature of my hands there are a few
reasons because I prefer to use this
plant instead of the pastes for itself
once you start to handle the modeling
chocolate it will start to melt like
real chocolate the breeze will come out
and it will start to stick on her hands
the modeling paste it's harder as you
can see but it rise too fast for the
kind of work that I do because I like to
do my pieces with a long time I like to
change it and once the sugar paste dries
it is almost impossible to correct
anything
what so I'll grab my modeling chocolate
because what in year I will make the
same amount 50/50 okay and I'll do my
plant like this the modeling paste also
gives some color to the modeling
chocolate it doesn't allow it to melt so
easily at the end you will have the
properties of the modeling chocolate
combined with the properties of the
modeling paste if the paste starts to
stick on your hands you can just put a
little amount of arm starch on your
hands and continue to work normally and
you will see that the paste won't stick
on your hands anymore when working on a
piece these lenses allows you to add
small amounts wherever you want blending
perfectly you can use water to moisten
your fingertips or the tool you are
using to help you to smooth everything
[Music]
[Music]
it also allows you to cut some parts
there you don't like or there are in the
wrong shape and smooth it ending like it
was never cut before let's not pick this
face that I've been working on it a few
weeks ago it is already dry as you can
see okay but still if I heat it it will
start to melt and it will start to allow
me to change some details and for some
reason I crashed it on the floor and
it's already damaged and my plant allows
me to fix my piece as we have done
before the the the small face so I'll
grab a little bit of my plant and click
my fingers
[Music]
[Music]
the difference between the colors that
you can see here it's because these
places are on different temperatures
this is cooler than this is this year
that I've been working on it now
so it looks different but my piece ends
no damage anymore
[Music]
once it cools down everything it will
look like the same paste from the
beginning now about painting when you
look to this face you can think about
your brush it so the thing is with the
modeling-chocolate their brush colors
tend to oxidize and everything will
darken so you might think that I'm a
little bit crazy but I cover everything
with a layer of shortening and it will
give a nice protective layer between me
and my drive distinct colors so if I
mess up on my testing I can simple wipe
it away which is a simple simple sorry
and not so possible technique to use
with other mediums other reason to use
the shortening easy is that I can move
it around
and if I put something somewhere that I
don't like or there is on the wrong
place I just can move it to where I need
it to go
so the at the end oil you can think that
it will all be Shia like this but it
won't because the shortening will be
absorbed by the modeling chocolate and
it will lose the shiny look so to make
my skin tone color I use these four
colors of sushi no pink skin color brown
and fight in if you want to darken the
the skin tone you can get more Brown if
you want it more pink you can get or
pink for the shadows I grabbed the first
skin under a grape and I had a small
amount more of brown and pink so let's
start it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's all for today I hope you enjoyed
my video and learned something from me
these are just a few simple techniques
that you can easily apply and I hope to
see you in my next tutorials see you
[Music]