[Music]
hi guys welcome to our archery food this
the Bombay Chef Varna nom de and today
I'm going to show you a very classic and
a very popular cut of vegetable which by
far you find in most recipe books
it's the julienne so let's begin a
julienne resembles a matchstick and that
one vegetable that immediately comes to
my mind when you think of a julienne is
a carrot so let's make a note that first
things first let's peel a washed carrot
like soap
[Music]
whenever you peel vegetables make sure
the motion is always inbound and smooth
the next step is to move the peels aside
and to snip off the top and the bottom
like so
technically the size of a julienne is
3mm by 3mm by roughly five centimeters
so here I cut 5 centimeters long roughly
you don't have to sit with a measuring
tape and you slice the base of the
carrot so that this can turn and rest
against the border the next step is to
hold the carrot very firmly and slice
the carrot resting the knife against
your knuckles make sure the carrot does
not slip at any given point in time the
moment you find the grip of the carrot
slipping out of your hands stop at that
and here you have these trimmings which
can now be used for your soups or stocks
I am now going to stack the carrot
slices and run a knife and cut these
into thin matchsticks
[Music]
now when I run my fingers through this
what I have here a beautiful Julianne's
of a carrot while using a knife it's
always important to concentrate on the
cut and the accuracy rather than the
speed because speed is something that
comes through patience and practice let
me continue with the rest of the carrots
[Music]
if you browse through a lot of oriental
cookbooks you'll come through our
terminology ginger juliennes let's see
how that's done
first thing you take a ginger let's peel
the ginger first well a ginger root has
a lot of contours like so so make sure
you just cut it and peel it well
[Music]
[Music]
let's slice the base now let's rest the
ginger on the board and slice it with
the help of your knife which is resting
against your knuckles obviously without
slicing your fingers collect these
together like a stack like so the extra
trimmings like so can stay for chutneys
marinated sauces or stocks and soups the
next step is to change the angle a
little and continue slicing it into thin
matchsticks
[Music]
let's continue cutting the rest in
similar fashion another vegetable which
is very popularly used as a julienne cut
is a capsicum or a bell pepper so let's
see how that's done but before moving on
to the julienne let's look at how to cut
a capsicum with as minimum wastage as
possible the first thing is to rest it
on a back with a firm grip and slice it
right through the center another cut
again right through the center and here
you have cut the capsicum in four
quarters now let's run a knife through
the contours of this capsicum and cut
off this membrane when you reach the
head of the capsicum snip off the stalk
and try to pull this apart so here you
have a capsicum which is now cut let's
repeat the process of cutting the
membrane off and pulling the stock and
the head of the capsicum let's Pat the
seeds off and continue with the rest now
I'm going to turn the side of the
capsicum press it a little and now
continue slicing it very very thinly
[Music]
whenever you cut Julien's make sure the
knife is very sharp
otherwise you may not have well cut
Julian's let's move on to another
vegetable which is a little notorious
when it comes to peeling and cutting
which sub beetroot so let's have a look
the first thing is to hold the peeler
right at the head of the beetroot and
pull it towards yourself
it is a hard root vegetable and hence it
becomes difficult to peel it nicely
again if you notice it's a round
vegetable so moving it along the
contours becomes even more challenging
but nevertheless do it slowly steadily
and with patience while doing this make
sure you do not stain your clothes
[Music]
now let's slice off the top of the
beetroot as well as turn it round and
slice off the tail portion I am slicing
off a little on the side and resting it
on that
now let's slice the beetroot as thinly
as possible let's stack all these slices
together to a comfortable height and now
let's begin slicing this remember speed
will come through time and practice
[Music]
I hope cutting Julian's is much more
easier for now see you next time with
some more tips tricks and recipes ciao
for now