hi everybody in Sean Bill Parker comm
we're here today with this 2006 toyota
corolla we're to show you how to change
out the power window regulator and the
motor it is inside the door frame so we
do have to take off the door panel I'm
really common for your regulator to give
out usually tell if it's your motor you
start to hear kind of grind but it is a
fairly simple repair may look like a lot
you might scare some people off but it
is really easy provided that you know
the steps apologize for the sunglasses
it's a little bright out here don't want
you to think I'm trying to be too school
too cool for school here just basically
easier for me to see the to see all the
parts of the paneling and everything
so either way whenever we're in a left
through the process of this repair tools
that we're going to need I have a 10
millimeter socket ratchet small
extension the extension may or may not
be necessary but either way it's on
there I have a Philips screwdriver this
is a ratcheting screwdriver it's not
necessary for yours to be ratcheting
it's just personal preference their
small flat blade screwdriver some
painters tape you can use any kind of
tape I prefer painters tape as it
doesn't lead to much residue on the
windowpane but you'll see how we use
that and then the right tool for jobs a
door panel clip tool this is going to be
to help you disengage all the retaining
clips that line the back of the door
panel you can get by with a putty knife
maybe even a flat blade screwdriver
those of you that opt for the
screwdriver I do at least want to
caution you make sure that you don't
damage your panel anytime you're doing
one of these repairs obviously you want
to do it without breaking anything but
if you are going to damage something
make sure it's the clips and not the
panel the clips are literally
dime-a-dozen you can you can go to any
part store and get a bag of them for
just a couple of bucks so it was a
pretty easier place so you know just be
careful with your panel so again we're
going to show you how to take off the
panel and then we're going to show you
how to secure your windowpane and remove
and install your power window regulator
so first things first small flat-blade
screwdriver we're going to pry and we're
going to lift high the Endora restor the
armrest here just a couple of Clips hold
it on pops right off then we're going to
do is we're going to do the same thing
for our power window switch try and lift
the power window switch same kind of
clips there are two wiring harnesses on
the underside one for your power door
lock switch one for your window switch
so you use your little flat blade
screwdriver to push down the tab I
should pull free pretty easily sometimes
they can give you a bit of a hard time
but usually with a little bit of bumps
you can get them get them on down there
and our power windows which is free
now with them with the small flat-blade
screwdriver open up the little screw
cover inside the interior door handle
you'll find a Philips screw there there
are also two Phillips screws that were
exposed by removing the armrest ours is
actually missing one hopefully yours
isn't should be too big of a deal so
we'll go ahead and loosen remove those
three Phillips curves
okay now I already pride and removed
this small panel here we have the
upgraded speaker your vehicle may not it
doesn't really make too much of a
difference but you just use the flat
blade screwdriver to pry and remove it
now with those screws removed what we're
going to do is we're going to give it a
tug sometimes with these you don't
really need the door panel clip tool as
you saw in mine just sort of popped
right off so what we do then is we pop
those free then you can lift the door
panel right off the door frame here
you'll see that there's a small lip here
looks like we lost our little little
pull Cup there so we'll have to remedy
that
but either way you see this small lip
that's going to hang right out the front
door panel so we'll lift and remove that
okay now door panel off where we want to
go to the power window regulator there's
a couple things we have to do we can
there's a small metal plate here held in
my three Phillips screws loosen and
remove those screws and then we can take
that plate off
so with that played off want to go ahead
and you can see the bolts that hold the
regulator in now in order to reach the
bolts necessary to separate the window
from the regulator rails we're going to
want it window to be about 3/4 of the
way open maybe 2/3 you know so you can
easily access those if your regulator
isn't working you should be able to move
the windowpane with your hands but ours
is working so what I'm going to do to
make this a little bit easier is I am
actually going to connect my power
window switch what that will allow me to
do is it allowed me to move the window
down ci moves up and down there
honestly I'm thinking this is probably
where you want it that way you can
access it through this hole here so we
wouldn't leave it where it's at right
there 10 millimeter socket ratchet we're
going to do is we're going to loosen up
these two bolts that hold the window
right here are the sorry the windowpane
to the regulator
you
okay
now you're gonna carefully separate the
windowpane directly you see sort of
these little tabs here those separate
right off push the regulator back
slightly and then what you can do you
can raise the window to the closed
position and that's what we use the
printers tape for that's how we'll
secure the window
groots want to make sure it's not going
anywhere then it will slam down on you
go ahead get this out of the way just go
over to work now with the window
separated from the regulator hmm what
you'll do is you're going to loosen and
remove it's one two three four wheels
like six screws that hold the regulator
and the motor assembly in place so it
will do this one screw here there's a
cluster of four the one in the upper
right you only want to loosen it because
that's your hanging screw and what that
does is that allows you to hang the new
regulator in place while you tighten up
the other screws so we'll go ahead and
loosen up those six 10mm zero
you
now with five of them out and the one
handing screwed loosened you can lift it
now you can slide and remove your
regulator from from the door panels now
I'm not going to take us all the way out
because we've already got it undone so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
pretend like this is a brand new one
because there's nothing wrong with ours
and you use that hanging screw that you
attached to your new regulator and you
hang it hang the regulator assembly here
on the door foot you want to be careful
because it is sort of a scissor sort of
style you don't want to cut your hands
should you sort of come around Haven to
place like that okay and what that's
going to do that's going to hold the
regulator's position while you're
getting everything else out in order and
one thing I forgot to mention before
before you remove the power window
regulator you are going to want
disconnect your power window motor it's
right here it's just a tab and you go
ahead and pull the entire assembly out
so you reconnect your power window motor
you can reconnect it now might be a
little easier to reconnect it after
you've tightened it down but what we'll
do is we'll go ahead and start
tightening the start putting the the
regulator back in place that's with
these two bolts here
kind of swung out there now these two
tabs see the tabs there on the rail that
goes into the door their bum just pops
through their other one there so now
we'll go ahead and start tightening
these get them hands tight first then we
can go ahead and tighten down later
get them hand side first allows you to
kind of get everything in place
remember there's six ten millimeter
bolts and all so you want to go ahead
and make sure also something worth
noting whenever you're putting them back
in there is also some the ten millimeter
bolts that hold the windowpane to the
regulator rail those are a little
different they have kind of an indention
these your vehicle may or may not have
them they're flat and they have a number
eight on them just so that way you make
sure that you're putting the right bolts
back in the right places as you're
putting everything back together it's
always good practice
you
and now we're ready to go and reattach
the windowpane now with our regulator
now mounted and our motor plugged in now
what we have to do is we want to
carefully lower the window down out of
the regulator rail you can see that I've
got it positioned to easily access the
two 10 millimeter bolts that we're going
to secure it into the rail width so we
can go and take off our painters tape
and remember you want to hang on to it
you want to be careful here don't worry
about getting your window dirty it's a
lot easier to clean the window than is
replace one so go ahead and slowly slide
it down and then what we'll do is we'll
position the rail in order to get the
window down on top of it
okay now with that in place go ahead
tighten the 10 millimeter screws they're
going to hold that regulator this one
it's a little difficult to reach we take
a chance here it is we're going to put
it on our familiar socket ratchet let's
see if we can't get it in there stop
dropping it down inside the door
you
now what you want to do so go ahead and
plug our windows switch back in side the
battery on those are windows switch back
in turn it off first three on
what is working great okay so now from
here what we'll do is we'll reattach
store payment then we'll be all set
so before we test solar panels we were
doing some work inside the door maybe
that was what you're watching for maybe
it wasn't the way we're going to go
ahead and mmm reattach this metal
protective plate here just three
Phillips screws so we kind of get them
in sort of hand tight
you
don't over-tighten just getting up there
to keep it and then what we're going to
do we're going to reattach the door
panel going you want to make sure that
the wiring harness is through the
opening in the door there okay right
down on the top there we go
pull your harnesses through just kind of
want those where you can easily access
them and you want to be firm not too
firm you want to re-engage those those
retaining clips on the back so those
will all pop right back into place okay
and that's what's going to secure
everything there reattach our little
trim panel there's little hooks here
that you want to make sure get down
inside there have snaps right into place
tighten the Philips screw inside the
interior door handle
you
let's go out there a little bit okay to
reattach power window switch what we're
going to do is you just simply snap both
of those both of the plugs back into
place put that down
snap that to place in a moment pop on
your armrest and you're all set