I had the girls round for a coffee the
other day and we spilt some on the cream
carpet one of the girls recommended rug
doctor spot and stain remover all you
have to do is follow the easy
instructions on the back of the bottle
start by removing any solids or excess
liquids shake the bottle well turn the
nozzle to the on position and generously
spray the area lightly agitate the
stained area working from the edges into
the center now blot with a paper towel
pressing deep into the stain difficult
stains may require a second application
now rinse with water and blot to dry I
can't believe how easy it was to get
that coffee stain out
I'll be keeping the rug doctor spot and
stain remover to hand for the next time
we have a household spill
[Music]