hello my name is green and today i'm
going to show you a bunch of animal
houses for the majority of the pets in
minecraft and then some of them which
you could just like put on a lead and
keep as a pet anyway so let's get
straight into it there's quite a lot to
get through so the first one here is a
very simple dog basket we've got fluffy
here sitting on a piece of carpet
surrounded by trapdoors that go all the
way around leaving the front open with a
cauldron for water and a pot as a food
bowl so it's very very simple to get us
started but it's one of the most
effective and compact designs that i'm
going to show you so let's move on shall
we the next one is the cat tower now the
difficult bit is getting the cat up
there we've got nancy and ginger bell
here and they've got a bunch of ladders
around a post and a platform on the top
with some trap doors you could have
multiple of these and then have a cat on
each one
of course getting the cat up there is
the tough part but if you're able to do
that it looks really nice we've got a
little cat hotel type thing like a
jungle gym where the cats can play we've
got mr tibbles here today and we've got
hair ball so
the point of this one is to display that
you can make a bunch of different shapes
using just staircase and the
full block as well as long as they've
got a bit of staircase to get up to the
top you can add a bit of carpet couple
of scratching posts and you've got a
really nice one there's going to be a
few more of those designs as we go along
so bear that in mind the next one is the
igloo now i've actually got a couple of
these in real life and my cats love them
you could also have a dog igloo as well
this one is kind of big this is about as
small as i could get it with the
staircase and make it still look nice so
it's a bunch of quartz stairs in a
semicircle with some upside down above
it and it basically goes up to the top
meeting with some slabs so flame ball is
sitting in the middle of our igloo
keeping it nice and cozy moving on i
have included some designs for parrots
however i'm not using the snapshot to
record this video so what i've done is
replaced it with a little head that
looks like a parrot so let's just
pretend that there's the new parrot mobs
here this is a very very simple bird
stand where the birds will just sit on
top of the carpet that's on these fence
gates which juts out from the main stand
it's just quite well decorated nice and
simple pretty cool design moving on
we've got our first proper dog house
like a kennel outside the house perhaps
it's its own little shack and it's got a
very nice detailed roof it's not just
straight up and meets in the middle it's
got all these little tiny details about
as much as we can make with the space
available so it is very small we have
got a bone here to indicate that it's
the dog's house and we got poochies
sitting on here on a very comfy red
carpet it's all those very little
details that make these work really
nicely next up we've got another little
cat jungle gym and i just wanted to
point out that this is very similar to
the first one but it's just about making
different shapes with the slabs and the
staircase we got lucky and we got
snowshoes here on our little jungle gym
as well we can of course use different
color
wood to make sure that it varies in your
house if you have multiple of them this
is the first creative only i believe
we've got doge here sitting on a very
simple
woolen bed or whatever you want to call
it but it's using snow that i believe
you can only acquire in this form
in creative i don't know whether you can
get that in survival i might be wrong i
might be wrong next up is a llama house
this is sunspot and it i know that i've
done
stables before so i've left horses out
of this video but llamas are more pet
than
useful so i wanted to include just a
couple of them so it's a very simple
design it's just four posts connected up
with a little bit of detail and a roof
over the top but what's great about this
is that sunspot cannot get out there is
no way that he can escape just because
of the shape of the roof and the use of
the fence gates in the right places so
it's a pretty good design for that so
let's move on shall we to our first
rabbit hutch now strictly speaking you
can't tame rabbits but you can
definitely put them in hutches like this
and keep them as pets for fun so you
can't see the one we got in there it's a
very simple design this is about as
compact as it could be he's only got two
blocks of space in there so we've got
all right hello stinky this is stinky
the rabbit and he lives in this hutch
here the problem is of course getting
him in there but he will follow you i
believe if you have a carrot i'm not
sure
you need to be able to get him in the
hutch and then build it around him
might be rather annoying next up we've
got a large chicken hutch i actually did
an entire video dedicated to a
functional chicken coop this one is not
functional when they lay the eggs you've
got to go in there and collect them but
it looks nice and that's the point of
these videos to show you all these
little knickknacks and designs for
making some good looking stuff so if we
go inside we've got a bunch of chickens
we've got clucko squawk we've got rio
and brazil
and it's just there's enough space in
there for them to chill out there's a
good use of trapped doors there so let's
move on to the next one shall we which
is another rabbit one but it's not a
hutch it's just a we got hopper and
harvey and it's just a ring of fences
with a little roof on the top so it's
more of an outdoor design for this one
you've got some food in there you've got
the water and i have used a shovel to
make it path block on there so actually
looks like that they've been puttering
about next up we've got another bird one
now i haven't actually got the parrot so
i've put a little head in there to
indicate where he would be this is like
a proper bird cage in here or a bird
avery type thing it's pretty cool good
use of trap doors just stack them up
it's a very very simple and easy design
whether or not having a bird in there is
practical i'm not sure because i haven't
actually messed around with the snapshot
that much next up we've got another cat
hotel cat jungle gym design but this one
uses a more modern twist just by using
fourth stairs slab and block we've got
whiskers on this one and we use end rod
instead of fences for the scratch posts
this is the last time i'm gonna sort of
point out how you can make different
shapes with this one i think everyone's
got the point on this one but you can
make some really cool stuff
next up is one of my favorite designs of
the video it is a modern house for your
pooch so we use the three main blocks
that are usually used for these designs
we've got toto here we've got
dark oak some quartz and some cyan clay
with a bit of glass on the front so it's
a really really cool design and it's
ever ever so simple to make most of the
modern design houses that are out there
on the internet and made in minecraft
use these three blocks in a very similar
fashion to this one where it's just got
like one l shape and there's a little
bit of room in there it's a very very
cool design one of my favorites for this
video next one is another modern ish
design but it is a rabbit hutch
so we've got some pretty cool things
going on here with some glass we've got
some slabs there who have we got inside
hottie chocolate oops and let's see if i
can put that back there we go we got
who's at the back there to see if we can
find out who's there because i don't
know we spent name we spent time naming
them it's manny might as well find out
no you're not escaping no escape i'm
sorry i'm so sorry i did not want to hit
you it's just i don't want you to escape
and then it would just be a nightmare
i'm really sorry but yeah the hutch
there is a really cool design next up we
have another parrot design and this time
we actually do have a parrot in here you
get you see you get it
he's called parrot this is the literally
the smallest design you can do that's
less than a block of space in there with
those trapped doors so
you can see how kind of cruel it is to
put birds in small cages that's not very
nice it's kind of cramped but yeah you
can do that if you want but i would
recommend one of the designs that we're
going to go over later for parrots as my
favorite right next up we've got another
cat one but this is a very very specific
design this time we've got end rods for
legs of these little cubes see cats like
to get in all snuggly in these little
confined spaces if you give them a
cardboard box we've got lola here if you
give them a cardboard box they'll just
hop inside and just get all snuggly and
this kind of mimics that want of cat
needs so it looks pretty cool you have
to place it in a very specific way just
in a right angle like that with a half
slab in between you mimic that on the
top and you've got your shape down and
then of course you need some snow to be
able to get up to those little cubes
this is another chicken hutch design and
it's probably the biggest one out of all
of the ones that i'm going to show you
now it's hard to sometimes distinguish
things like this from a normal house but
there are certain things that we can do
these little indents with the staircase
is one of them the use of fences quite
frequently to make it seem a lot more
open and aired definitely don't use
glass and the use of certain blocks like
wood and hay on the roof is a great idea
to kind of distinguish it also having no
front door and having those fence gates
is a fantastic way to show that this is
a chicken hutch and of course you can
change the pallet up if you so wish so
let's go have a look inside it's fairly
roomy in here probably the biggest one
we've got egg big buck and bingo wings
so we've got our chickens in here
there's plenty of space and it's a
pretty cool design for anyone that wants
a chicken coop of course this is not a
functional one these are all aesthetic
remember that please the next one is
another llama design so this one uses a
trick that you may or may not know i've
used it a few times in some previous
videos what happens is when you put a
cobblestone wall next to a fence gate it
actually lowers it ever so slightly not
even half a block just slightly so it
means we can make patterns with them by
using them in multiple sequences so
there's a big option to use this feature
or i'm not sure if it's a feature or a
bug but we can use this to make cool
patterns and we can also use it to block
the llama from leaving this pen he
cannot leave at all so by mixing in the
cobblestone wall and the fence gates
along with some normal fence gates stick
a roof on it we've got a pretty cool pen
to keep him in this would also work
fairly well for horses but like i said
i'm trying to keep this as focused on
pets as possible so next we've got a
pretty elegant
house for your pampered pooch we've got
this great wooden design
that really shows off that your dog is
important he's sitting on a nice snow
bed as we did earlier his name is boyo
and we've got some pretty cool design
features with the use of buttons some
different shades of wood
and a bit of fence in there as well it's
nice and airy and it's a pretty cool
design so let's move on to my favorite
design of this video the avery this was
of course designed for the parrots but
as you know i'm not in the snapshot so
i've just replaced them with some mock
parrots to begin with right so let's go
over this design it's really really
unique we've used iron fence and some
glass either side to connect it up and
it looks more solid by having those iron
fences in the corner we've then got a
bunch of glass blocks around the door
otherwise the door would not connect
properly and it would look weird but you
can't see it stick out too much so
that's okay on the top we've got a very
flat roof using dark oak but the key is
having these iron trap doors to make it
look like it's really really airy in
here we got ducky taking a bath in the
cauldron but what makes this avery look
really cool is the very minut details
the use of long grass the use of all the
flowers the bird baths which are just a
cobblestone with cauldron on them and
then all of the bird stands for them to
fly around on it works really really
well and you could expand it you could
go up you could make it wider whatever
you want this is a very very versatile
design here and when parrots are fully
integrated into the game they will be
very popular i think
next up i've got another chicken coop
design now this is a bit more
contemporary and it's a bit of a weird
design it's got a very tent like
structure where it just goes up and then
it goes back down and it's got a bit of
detail with some staircases and stuff in
there as well but the main thing is all
this brown glass in the middle so that
you can see the chickens at all times so
you've got a lovely little garden at the
front make sure that if you place leaves
that you put at least two blocks so that
they can't hop out over the fence on the
inside we've got andy i don't think he's
got a name we've got tina and we've got
dinner no don't worry he's not going to
get eaten he's just he's just his name
he's just cool dinner we got a chicken
called dinner anyway it's a very very
nice design even if it's on a little bit
of the weird side anyway the design
itself is fairly simple to copy and it's
got this bit that goes over the top and
a nice little pillar that's sort of its
defining feature but the great thing is
you can see the chickens at all time and
it's fairly to get in and all this that
function and the other let's move on to
the next one which is more of a forest
design and i've done some of these in
other videos of the sort where we've got
a tree stump here or at least what
mimics one and on the top we've got a
nice roof mixed in with some fences
we've got some staircase and slabs and
it just mimics a tree stump in general
so if you had like say a tree house this
would look great in that setting we've
just got a couple of pooches in there to
make this work overall it's quite a
complicated one you need to be able to
make a fairly good circle and it's got a
lot of scope for improvement in fact it
doesn't even need to be a pet house
really you could make this into
something way better anyway there's coco
and bean in there enjoying their tree
stump next up is a polar bear house now
this was originally created for a dog
but since it was all white and snowy and
that kind of thing we decided why not to
put a bear there instead this is a
really sleek design it would fit very
well in a modern setting in a modern
house you will need the snow and pile it
up to get that very tiny slit in there
otherwise this design doesn't look quite
as good and then you just use some white
stained glass some plotted plants and it
looks fantastic you just have a birch
platform for him to stand on and we've
got ice bear in there but of course you
could use this for a wolf and there is a
layer of iron trap doors on the top to
make it look more airy like it's got
some ventilation in there next up
speaking of iron we've got dynamite in a
completely
iron setting instead of using fences
we've got iron blocks and then a load of
iron trap doors so if you have a bunch
of it lying around and you want to keep
your llama in there perhaps this is a
cool design for it especially if you've
got a more futuristic design for your
houses now llamas aren't the most useful
thing in the world but some people like
to keep them as pets so let's move on
there's a very very simple design we've
got a castle for your dog the king of
this castle will be sitting indoors his
name is ghost and it's fairly nice thing
it's just a little ruins with cast in it
maybe you yourself have a castle and you
want to have a doghouse that matches the
style so there's just a lot of
stone brick use here the cracked the
square one the chiseled one and a bit of
cobblestone wall on the top with a
little flag as well so i could see this
working really really well in a castle
setting next up we've got another dog
house now this one's a little bit unique
in the fact that it's like a jungle gym
mixed with it and jack here lives in
this tiny hole now humans cannot go in
there because this is for dogs not
humans and we need to make sure that
this is distinguishable from say
something else so we really need to make
sure it's got those distinguishing
features which is usually why i put an
item frame with a bone on the top and
this is great for a desert-like setting
but the color itself is pretty good
aussies on the top here with his water
and his blanket and a bunch of fences
this design is a little more complicated
but you could do loads of variations on
this one so that's an awesome design
there
next up is another llama pen but you
could use this for multiple animals it
could be a chicken coop it could be
rabbit hutch whatever you want so again
this uses that
snow trick where you place multiple
layers on top of each other we've got
emily and we've got snow fur here
there's plenty of space loads of hay and
then you can just come and go as you
please it's got a very modern design
it's got andesite with some rails on the
top now that's meant to look like an air
conditioning unit like a vent and we've
got some daylight sensors to
sort of finish all that off so it's a
pretty cool design fairly simple even
though it is kind of big so moving on to
the last one
wait
this is a villager house
gerald gerald what are you doing here
you're not a pet are you you're a
villager
silly gerald
right that's it for the video today
let's just have a quick run through all
of the ones we went over we've just seen
these ones with the dog house the castle
dog house
the llama pen we've got snow bear
with snow bear polar bear we got dogs we
got a chicken coop we've got my favorite
which is the avery we've got our
pampered pooch another llama one with
the trick with the
fence gates chicken coop cat
parrot
rabbit
dog
another cat one parrot
some rabbit hutch big chicken coop a
small rabbit hutch another llama a
pretty dog blanket some cats another dog
parrot stand
cat igloo
cat jungle gym another cat one and
finally our original dog blanket which
was the simplest one to begin with so
that is all of them all 29 30 if you
include gerald in there as well that was
a lot of designs to go over and i hope
at least one of them was good for one of
your pets or in minecraft or maybe you
will add some in now some of them will
be difficult as you have to coax some of
those animals into places they don't
really want to be the avery here was my
absolute favorite design i have to say a
big thank you to happy jellyfish and
pearlescent moon who helped me make
these designs along with myself the last
thing to say is a big big thank you for
watching and i'll see you in the next
video