hi guys this is a base for a jacuzzi
I'm just building it I've managed to get
the wood nice and level just by puttin
putting stones and stuff against it and
then all I'm going to do is bring me the
cement right up level to the wood and
then we should have a really level base
to put a hot tub or jacuzzi on one thing
I must say when you when you're putting
the cement on remember to put rebar in
basically that you know the metal bar to
reinforcement but that that will give it
a really sturdy base now this is this is
on a slope on the last video I forgot to
mention that that the the obviously you
need to put the reinforcement in yeah
and I put some pipes in for the
electrics I'm going to put a light in
the corner it's worth doing it about
half a foot on each side wider or a foot
well yeah a foot wider than the actual
jacuzzi so you've got a nice decent
sized base to put it on and what I'll do
is I'll take these videos I'll keep
filming it and then I'll film it with
Jacuzzi actually on it okay think