[Music]
if you've been watching some of the
other videos you know that we're talking
about some things that I do and things
that I've learned that helped me in my
land deals that I've just been kind of
passing along here
this morning I went met with a surveyor
on a track that we just got under
contract to buy and I met with the
surveyor to I'll tell you what my plan
was this is about a 50 odd acre tract
it's part pasture part of bottom land
hardwood timber and I want to get it
surveyed even though I didn't have to
give in surveyed to buy it the legal
descriptions are solid enough the survey
I met with this morning he's just doing
a straight boundary survey and what that
is is that's just simply roping the
property off and roping this office my
language what I say what I'm talking
about
you know just creating a boundary for
the legal description itself it's the
red line you see on the plat map that's
roping it off and that'll tell me
exactly how many acres this track has
but what it will also do is it also
identify any encroachments that may be
on the property there's some fencing
along three or four sides of the track
it's sort of an odd shape so there's
more than four sides there's some
fencing in spots it will identify that
fencing and tell me if the fencing is
creeping in on the property we're buying
or if I our boundary fall short of where
the fencing is and I'll tell you why
that's important in just a second it'll
also identify you know just any other
things on the track like maybe any roads
or trails that cross the corners of it
or go along the property I don't think
there are on this track but a survey
will identify all that and it doesn't
fix those problems but it identifies
them and it creates a I like to call it
a geographical snapshot
certified geographical snapshot meaning
whatever is going on on that track at
that time what you know fences pipeline
Runaways powerlines any roads or trails
that are going across the prompt
anything like that buildings may be on
the edge it will identify those things
and show officially where they are so
that it can be argued in the future what
was going on exactly in this moment in
time and that's important for a number
of reasons
anyway met with him for another reason I
wanted him to do a little bit more than
just the boundary survey this particular
surveyor is used to me asking him to do
midpoints
I call them midpoints it's not exactly
the right word but I asked him to put in
points along a line between two corners
and then what he'll do is he'll drive
you know metal t-post in the ground at
those points and what it does is it just
creates a few more points along a line
so that when we go in and mark that
boundary in which we often do because a
lot of this is in you know in timber
land when we're flagging encompassing in
and flag in from point to point it's a
lot easier to do when you've got more
points to connect it keeps you on on
course on track a lot easier than having
to go from one corner all the way you
know half a mile to the next corner if
you got some points along the way that
you can flag to and compass to and then
you know then you can see and correct
your line as you go in small segments it
makes it a lot easier than doing it all
in one big line at least it does to me
so I had him do have him do mid points
in some places I wanted him to identify
some fencing which he did because our
property line and some of those points
went all the way up to the fence and
beyond it which means that fence is
encroaching on the property we're buying
just a little bit and there were other
places where the boundary line as he
surveyed it
was short of where the fence is so
theoretically the property between the
survey bounder line in that fence I
could then claim or we could then claim
and and and establish that as our
property going forward now there's a lot
more to it than that don't get me wrong
nobody's stealing from me and I'm not
stealing from anyone but when you have
fences on the ground that have been
there a long time
they typically become established so to
speak property lines and it's good to
know if you're gaining acres or losing
acres if you use those fences as as
possess this possession inside or
outside of a property line so anyway a
different conversation but it also gives
you a little more with a little more
teeth in your title policy if you get a
you know an owners policy on a property
having the survey takes one of the
exceptions exclusions out of that title
policy and they can then ensure that's
what a title policy does that title with
as defined by that survey so that's
helpful to you as well when you're
looking at property to buy don't
automatically just blow off the survey
especially know if you're in a state
that doesn't require survey where you
can define things by you know section
times you can range as opposed to meets
and bounds
but my point is don't just blow it off
just because you don't you're not
absolutely required to get it think
through what am I going to use this
property for what is around me what are
some of the things on the ground either
on near my property that I want to
identify as potential problems and you
know and go gosh is just this little
money that I'm balking at today there's
three four or five thousand dollars
maybe today am I just being so tight a
little bit of money today that is some
going to end up costing me in the future
so the older I've gotten I tend to err
on the side of the survey now don't get
them all the time by any means but
more often than not I'm making the
survey and the cost of that survey as
part of the deal now and so it's giving
me some peace of mind and that peace of
mind is worth something so don't don't
just nickel and dime your way through
land deals try to be smart think about
the future and in them and especially if
it's any size that you know a foul-up is
going to be very expensive
or if it's real small meaning the
universe has gotten so tight around a
piece of property you're buying that it
very well can easily be you know offense
could come into play a swimming pool
could come into play somebody's
retaining wall could come into play
Barnes corner of barns and buildings
could come into play because the
property lines are so close now as we
get more and more civilization sort of
becomes more asphalt less green property
lines are getting closer and closer and
tighter and tighter so think through
those scenarios we bought a several
hundred acre tract several years ago and
I had this property surveyed and when we
did same surveyor found a barn on the
neighbor's property where the corner of
the barn was going across
there's our property line seven I
remember it was seven feet across the
property line just the corner of the
building there wasn't even the whole
building a corner was angled seven feet
across our property line doesn't sound
like much when you're dealing with 300
acre tract but but it needed to be
addressed survey solved the problem or
answer or reveal the problem and we had
an easy solution for it and he's happy
we're happy and future landowners it
will make their life simpler too when
they buy that property in that barn
still there so anyway I'm pointing at
surveys the older I get the more deals I
do they're definitely worth it not every
time they're exceptions I promise you
they're exceptions in the
you know every property I buy I don't
get a survey but man I think about it on
everyone and I typically get them that
day so anyway we'll talk more about some
other things hope that helps like
[Music]