[Music]
happy New Year so in 2012 we thought you
we' bring you a
video Harley he's like huffing and
puffing right now if you don't know
Harley is our pet
hedgehog he's an African pigney hedgehog
and he's about oh my God today's the 9th
right yeah that his
birthday 5 months old today happy
birthday Harley oh my gosh I didn't even
know so thanks to all um you guys who
requested this video all of these people
good you lovely love you viewers mhm yes
so we'll introduce you to Harley Harley
loves to do things like go through the
ring Harley go through the ring go
through the ring go through the
ring like where he yeah you taught him a
real great trick
Kelsey go yeah you have like he likes to
play tank he's quite a boy military
Harley playing his toilet paper
tube he loves to go on Facebook like all
of us he's just a regular old guy so
let's talk about owning a hedgehog we're
going to tell you some facts and stuff
you should probably know before you get
yourself Hedgehog some myths too things
that we didn't know yeah because there's
a lot of things we heard that turned out
to be not true we're going to start off
with some things that are true about
owning a hedgehog one true thing is that
they they make these weird Huffy sounds
all the
time um and that's just cuz it's like
cat's hiss and everything and like dogs
like bark angry at people they when
they're scared he goes into this little
ball and he
goes it's like his self-defense noise
yeah so another thing that is very true
is they need to be warm and when I first
heard this I was like well obviously all
animals need to be warm but like they
really need to be warm cuz we live in a
basement apartment so sometimes it gets
a little bit cold and when it starts to
get cold he becomes like antisocial and
just wants to sleep all the time but
when it's warmer he's really happy and
runs around keep your house around 25 if
you can and he's happy or just put it in
like the hottest room in your house some
rooms are hotter than cold mhm another
truth about hedgehogs is although
they're super spiky they're not related
to porcupines at all and they're also
not related to like rodings like handers
or germal um they're actually part of
the Shrew family so like moles and stuff
that like to dig oh my God he always
digs like even like right now just
digging next one is funny you think that
they would eat some kind of weird food
like
bugs but they like to eat cat
food they actually do sell hedgehog food
but it's like five times a price and
it's not even really good for them so
just feed them good old cat food these
are some of the lies that people told us
so the first one is that he'll respond
to his name I don't know if some of you
have some miracle genius hedgehogs
but ours is a normal Hedgehog and I've
had my sister has a hedgehog too and
they don't really respond to their name
like say it
Harley
Harley like they're cute but I just
think they're not listening yeah or they
think they're too good for us okay so
another lie when I was researching about
hedgehogs to find out how long they
lived this one website said that
hedgehogs can live up to 20 years not
true not true I actually don't have
proof since our Hedgehog is still alive
than goodness years so I'm not sure but
a lot of other people said the average
is what 4 to seven years yeah around
there so it's a little bit longer than
like a rodent but don't compare it to a
rodent one of the biggest lies that we
got honestly they said they would eat
any fruit vegetable whatever they being
like all these websites and breeders and
everything and I thought just our
Hedgehog was picky but my sister's
Hedgehog doesn't eat it any anything
either we've tried giving him like
carrots and sweet potatoes and
watermelon oh my God everything eggs
turkey chicken he won't touch it he Mell
it and walk away even meal worms yeah
even bugs which you would think right
mhm so they don't really eat anything he
just likes his plain old cat food yeah
so then there's a couple things that we
just didn't know about or no one told us
when you were getting a hedgehog um the
first one would be um we heard that you
can lter train them which is true
because we got um Harley to use a little
like cat litter train box like a really
small one and I guess in real life they
like to poop on their run so they don't
leave their scent where they're living
yeah so they'll poop there and keep
going cuz if the fox is like M I smell
Hedgehog poop so apparently if you buy
your
hedgehog if you buy your hedgehog a
wheel it doesn't matter if you L to
train them or not they're just going to
use the wheel instead which is something
I didn't know the other thing we weren't
told maybe we didn't search hard enough
but that hedgehogs are nocturnal which
means they like to play and be up at
night time yeah if you're not playing
with him he'll sleep and then in the
middle of the night when you're trying
to sleep he'll be running on his wheel
and making noise they're not really a
cuddly animal if you want a cuddly
animal go yourself a kitten either way
though despite all those things he's
still the cutest thing ever yeah okay
that's it new videos whenever we want
Jenna Marble's reference bye guys bye
[Music]