hello everyone I'm making a video today
on how to fix your front loader washer
when the drain is clogged okay let me
show you what I got going on here the
pump is actively working because you
could hear it but it's not draining all
the water so I'm gonna open it up and
when I see what we got going on here and
see if I could fix it myself
instead of paying 500 to 600 dollars
okay step number one is gonna be to
unplug your water okay step number two
is going to be to remove two screws and
we have all the way all the way on the
back of the washer here there's one of
them okay
all right
okay next step it's gonna be to pull
this out got a nice little push button
right here the shade next they're gonna
be to unscrew two screws got one on the
left here and then one over here on the
right okay next step is gonna be to
unscrew the screw that we got down here
on the left side Clips all the weight
that runs along the top and just like
that
okay we are gonna
there were holes at the top there okay
next step is to remove these three
screws at the very top to pull straight
out okay the easiest way to remove the
front end here cuz it's all connected
is to remove this connection here it's
real simple you just have to grab on the
two side ends here squeeze pull a little
bit and there you go disconnect this so
we could remove the front end okay so
we're gonna have to remove four screws
on the bottom side two three in the
middle and four just gonna be the school
for the pedestal okay so I have removed
all screws from the front disconnected
it now we're gonna take it off
okay
removing this front panel lets you
actually go in here and we could take a
look at everything we got going on here
so what the main problem is since it's
not draining it has to do something with
this pump here see that that's the pump
and we have the coin capture right here
so we're gonna actually remove this and
see what we got going on I'm gonna try
to clean it out okay so now we're gonna
get into it and go ahead and remove the
pump to remove the pump we just have to
pull you have to squeeze these two
together and it's gonna go ahead and pop
off if you can't pop it off yourself or
squeezed yourself you get one of these
puppies right here to help you out so
we're gonna have to UM go ahead and undo
this one right here all the way in there
okay over here
there's gonna be another one of those
puppies so we have to undo that one and
this one and that pump should come out
we should be able to see what kind of
gunk or junk is up in there and go ahead
and clean it out decided to put a bag
under that way when the water comes down
I'm able to catch it on the BET and
inside the bag opposed to getting all on
the bottom of the washer and there's a
bunch of wires and stuff like that I
know I'm in the garage but it's better
to catch all your water that would get
rid of it and I've got one of these
puppies to help me out to take these uh
green clips off there we go
with all the waters coming out of the
pump right now so I'm gonna wait till it
drains no we're gonna take the pump out
and take a look at it okay so I just
removed this off and on the water I was
able to catch most of the water in the
bag I'll be prepared because it smells
like sewage water so just be ready for
that you can see all the gunk built up
right there we're gonna clean that in a
second okay this is gonna be the tough
part because the screw is facing the
back part of the washer so I'm gonna try
to get in there unscrew this and that
way I could take the pump off so now
this piece just removes like so and we
have to remove the other green clip
that's at the top there okay here we go
so this last green piece was a doozy to
take off cuz it's all the way in the
back there good luck trying to get that
out I needed help
put some tweezers onto the green team
my wife go ahead and help me pull the
tube down so that's how we did in
double-team now look what is in there
all that gunk is preventing water flow
okay that's why the drain is clogged I'm
gonna clean it out and we're gonna find
out what we got in there hopefully
nothing embarrassing okay here we go I'm
now outside got my pump right here and I
got everything I took out of it now I'm
crazy
a couple coins looks like it ripped up
some clothes and I've got some strings a
rubber band but I'm just gonna hold
finished hosing all this stuff off and
I'm gonna put it back together now okay
now I'm starting to put this back
together
I know these clamps are gonna be tough
but I wanna somehow manage the only
difference of me putting back together
the way it was is I'm gonna have the
screw facing towards the front that way
just in case I have to do this in the
future I'm gonna be able to unscrew it
better other than that it's just gonna
go back in the same way we took it out
okay so after trying to put put these
green clamps on I found out that it was
very very difficult so I had to go out
to Home Depot and I bought these locking
pliers and it's a lot easier with these
locking pliers because they go ahead and
lock and then that way you could use
both hands to get the pump all the way
on there that way you could lock it in
and just like that back to normal