next up on copykat.com Starbucks a white
chocolate mocha
hi everyone this is stephanie manley
with copykat.com thanks for joining me
today we're going to make a Starbucks
white chocolate mocha now I've actually
made a couple cups of espresso you could
use one of these Bialetti mocha Express
pots it's a great way to make espresso
very inexpensively you just run between
twenty and thirty dollars and you know
what Italians have been making espresso
just like this for about a hundred years
so I'm good with that so in here I have
about a cup of milk and I'm going to add
three tablespoons of white chocolate
chips here we're just going to let these
melt together this is where our mocha is
coming from now Starbucks you can buy
the white mocha from them the white
chocolate sauce and me not white mocha
and you can buy that if you like I mean
white on amazon.com I think a big jug of
it runs about twenty twenty-five dollars
I'm not sure on the exact price I'll
link it below once the chocolate gets
melted and the milk gets warmed up we're
going to be ready to go so our milk is
already heated up the chocolates in
there it's nice and melted we're just
going to pour this in now you could
froth it by putting it in a jar and
shaking it up if you like alright we're
going to top it with a little bit of
whipped cream
we're going to give this a try be sure
to check out my other Starbucks copycat
recipes here on YouTube there is a ton
of them available for you so let's go
ahead and give this a taste mmm that is
really delicious and you know what it
didn't cost me five bucks to enjoy one I
hope you enjoyed this recipe drop me a
comment down below what you'd like to
see next thanks for watching