I'm Susan Alexander to creator of
Vermont's which'll switch all is the
original energy drink this is what
traditionally dairy farmers across New
England would drink during the hanging
season it would keep them well hydrated
while they worked in the hay fields in
the hay mouse our grandfather Joseph
Alexander was a dairy farmer in Glover
Vermont where they pitched loose hay
onto horse-drawn wagons they claimed
switch allude slake their thirst like
nothing else we begin making Vermont's
witzel with the maple syrup that we
produced here on our farm and Cabot we
add lemon juice apple cider vinegar
blackstrap molasses all organic and
ginger root
the result is a thoroughly satisfying
snappy ginger flavor combined with the
sweetness of the maple syrup
not at all cloying and it has a smooth
finish that we attribute to the minerals
in the blackstrap molasses so my journey
with switches started about 30 years ago
at a family reunion we made a batch of
grant piece which'll and I remember
saying that day someday I'm gonna bottle
this it was truly love at first sip so
here I am two children and two careers
later finally getting to the point where
I've decided it's time to share my
switch I'll take it out of my kitchen
and bring it into your home well
intended to be enjoyed ice-cold on a hot
hot day we also like to heat up switch
over the little cinnamon during the
winter it makes a lovely mulled beverage
and it plays well with adult spirits as
well so whether you're just kicking
around a soccer ball or kicking back
switch will is guaranteed to slake your
thirst
we thank you for enjoying our agrarian
heritage in a bottle Cheers American
made