[Music]
today I'm going to be making a wild
greens risoto this dish is designed
originally to be done with Nettles that
have been foraged we have dandelion
greens today because that's what's
seasonally available to us and there are
many other greens that you can forage
that would also be suitable for the
recipe so we're going to start out today
with our pot on medium high heat and to
the pot we're going to begin adding two
tablespoons of
butter and then once it's stopped
frothing I will add
shallots I'm cooking the shallots for
approximately 2 minutes until they're
translucent carefully stirring them
occasionally so that they do not burn
once our shallot the shallots are cooked
I'm going to add three cloves of minced
garlic to the pot I'm also adding a cup
of Boro rice along with the
garlic and I'm going to stir it to make
sure the rice is completely coated with
our butter I'm going to begin adding the
broth if you're using a homemade beef
broth you can add a little salt to your
taste if you're using a store-bought
beef broth it's best not to add salt
because otherwise our risotto will end
up being too salty
again adjust your temperature to a
medium high heat before you add the
broth and we're adding one
cup let this rice and broth come to a
boil and then reduce the heat back to
medium stir it quite often until we
reduce all the stuff
away okay now we're going to add the
second cup it's nice and dry all rust
absorb in the Rings
[Music]
we add our shredded palm and our final
tablespoon of
butter and then we can taste test
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]