there's simply no better way to better
coffee than grinding your own beans
fresh right before brewing hey coffee
lovers mark here from whole latte love
today a basic look at grinder types
terminology and things to consider when
choosing your first coffee grinder plus
I'll have some specific product
recommendations these will be solid
choices based on the type of coffee or
brewing level of use and some other
factors now in this video we'll only
consider burr grinders there are low
cost blade grinders available but you
really don't want to use those for
grinding coffee beans they hack coffee
into random sized particles ranging from
dust to chunks brew from blade ground
coffee and those dusty particles are
over extracted while the chunks are
under extracted you end up with coffee
that really doesn't taste very good it
can be unbalanced it's weak and bitter
at the same time and result in dirty
mucky cups on the other hand burr
grinders produce consistent particle
sizes now here's a look at a burst Set
beans are fed into the center while one
burr is spinning and the other is
stationary ground coffee exits from
between the birds the spacing between
the birds is adjusted to produce a
desired grind size I'll have more on
that in a moment first come in different
shapes sizes and materials for shapes
there are flat or conical types is one
shape better than the other well that's
hard to say and a debatable topic what I
can say is flat Birds may produce a more
consistent particle size while conical
burrs tend to grind faster in general I
prefer flappers when grinding for
espresso and conical birds for brew
methods like jerk press and pour over
those brew methods use a larger grind
size and don't require superfine control
of grind size for good results first
size is measured in millimeters and
range from around 40 millimeters for low
cost but capable home use grinders up
into the 60 millimeter range for a
prosumer level espresso focused grinders
and into 80 plus millimeters for
high-volume commercial
rated grinders in general larger birds
tend to produce a higher quality grind
and do it faster burr material is
usually steel or ceramic there are even
titanium coated burrs that last a
lifetime for most home users steel burs
are the most common they are tough and
do a fine job if you're grinding a lot
they're better at dissipating heat them
ceramic burrs now ceramics may stay
sharper longer than steel but are more
brittle so more susceptible to damage
from foreign objects this one material
better than the other it's debatable
shirt ceramics may last longer but steel
burrs are good for hundreds of pounds of
grinding before needing replacement in
my opinion any Burma Tyrael is fine for
a first grinder if you'll be grinding a
lot of coffee maybe lean towards steel
Birds for their better heat dissipation
and I wouldn't worry about ceramics
being more susceptible to damage I've
found a lot of beans over the years
through ceramics and never had a problem
next up grind size adjustment there are
two basic types stepped and step less on
step grinders there are definite stops
for each grinding size grinders with
step less adjustment have no stops so
you can make extremely precise and
essentially infinite grind size
adjustments the advice here unless
you're doing higher-end espresso on a
prosumer level machine
you don't need stepless adjustment now
you will find stepped grinders that can
do is press oh they either focus their
adjustment steps in the fine espresso
grind range or have micro adjustments
that get you really close to the same
level of control you'd have on a
stepless grinder some other
considerations when choosing a grinder
motor power it's rated in watts and
ranges from about 100 to more than 400
more powerful motors give longer duty
cycles that is they can grind more
coffee and they usually do it faster
grinders with lower power motors off and
have duty cycles around 10
meaning you can grind for 60 seconds and
then he should let the grind to rest for
about 10 minutes before using it again
then there's build quality as with most
equipment you know you get what you pay
for as you go up in price you're gonna
get better quality
there will be more metal and fewer or no
plastic parts in more expensive grinders
so they're just gonna last longer
beyond that we get into how the grinder
is used things like timed or weight
based grinding that's programmable how
grind size is adjusted for that options
run from turning a bean hopper sliding
controls levers turning colors and more
then there's how grinding starts there
are push buttons portafilter activated
switches and there are more options than
like how grinds are dispensed they could
go into a grinds bins directly into a
Porta filter some grinders can do both
and for espresso there are dosing
grinders which grind into a hopper and
then send a measured amount into a Porta
filter with a poll of a dosing lever so
now that you know a little more about
coffee grinders here are my beginner
level recommendations depending on brew
method for drip press and pour over
which use a medium grind check out the
capresso infinity Bharat's of virtuoso
and the ROC manual the Infinity has been
around for years it's affordable and
does a nice job it's not fast and some
may find it a little plasticky the
Baraat saw virtuoso has been around for
years as well it has the largest grind
size range of all the Bharat's of
grinders and can do coarse grinding for
cold brew if manual grinding is for you
have a look at the ROC grinder it easily
has the most bang for the buck easy to
use with the vertical motion and has
stepless grind size adjustment now if
you regularly switch brewing methods
from espresso fine to medium for drip
and course wood for press you want an
all-purpose grinder that allows for
quick and easy adjustment between grind
sizes my jack-of-all-trades pick is the
Bharat's of Vario the Vario has been
long been considered the entry into
prosumer
running first press oh it dispenses into
a grinds bin or metal pour holder for
hands-free grinding for espresso it
features larger 54 millimeter flat
ceramic burs and 230 grind settings with
micro adjustments to fine-tune espresso
grinds it has three programmable timed
presets and manual grinding the macro
and micro adjustments make it easy to
quickly change grind sizes it's
well-built and in my opinion that go-to
grinder for those who need to make large
grind size adjustments on a regular
basis it also comes in a W version which
has a built in scale and three
programmable weight based grinding
presets for espresso only grinding two
options on either side of the Vario
price-wise if your budget is limited
check out the gaza md outfit well under
$200 you get a lot of bang for your buck
in the MDF it has 50 millimeter burs and
a 100 watt motor with gear reduction for
increased torque it's a dosing grinder
so you grind into a hopper and then use
a lever to deposit adjustable size doses
into a Porta filter above the Vario are
giotto's prosumer entry-level e 5 & e6
series grinder they feature at larger 64
millimeter steel burs stepless grind
adjustment more powerful motors robust
construction and a variety of time
dosing and grind start options the
giotto's give mid level espresso
enthusiast excellent grind quality and
robust build at really reasonable prices
so those are my picks for beginner level
grinders use a link up here to check out
the complete grinder selection it whole
latte love if you have questions on
grinders or anything coffee use those
comments and I'll get you the answers
I'm mark thanks for watching I hope
you'll subscribe and come back soon for
more of the best on everything coffee
brought to you by whole latte love want
to learn more subscribe now so you'll
know about the latest videos on
everything coffee from whole latte love
[Music]