[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm out here a wise tech engineering
down in Anaheim this is probably one of
the dream places that I wish my shop
even remotely resembled these guys do a
phenomenal job tuning more of the modern
cars turbocharger upgrades ECU tuning
and so on they're helping me dyno the
CTSV to get a baseline of how much power
it makes before and after a little
special something
[Music]
pieces of
I forgot
[Music]
the car is currently making about 570
577 horsepower a far cry from the 620
that it made in Michigan the biggest
difference is I have a clean air filter
in God knows how long with all Michigan
sleet snow and muck running straight
through it
[Music]
pretty sure wasn't that cool
beautiful
oh there's a hint of bread there's a
hint of bread right there
let's hope that cleaning the air filter
makes a noticeable difference or I'm
losing power somewhere out here in
California probably all the green laws
and all the things trying to keep the
environment safe
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
wait the demoscene higher
[Music]
that is impressive it went from 575 to
615 a 40 horsepower difference just
because of a negligent owner and a dirty
air filter okay so I originally stated
that I gained about 40 horsepower but
that was looking at total overall
numbers in this case point for point at
the same rpm it was closer to 50 Wow yep
we were here to film something
completely different but this was mind
blowing that the air raid air filter
basically looked like a cannon type of
thing was so restrictive that throughout
the entire power band it was very linear
that we lost up to 50 horsepower give or
take 50 horsepower and almost that in
torque throughout the entire power band
absolutely nuts how much of a difference
a dirty air filter makes on a forced
induction car obviously I don't run air
filters on my turbos I just let them eat
the rocks and deal with the consequences
later but for a civilized rational human
being changing air filter might be a
good thing
[Music]
how much did how much does this kind of
to do with the full road how much does
this have to do with the four-rotor
admittedly from the surface not much but
once you start digging in you've
realized there's a lot going on
[Laughter]