hey guys how's it going laura with
garden answer today i want to share with
you five of my favorite house plants for
low light areas in your house or office
building huge thank you to spoma for
partnering with us on this video so
let's just get right into the list the
first one is a peace lily and i love
this plant because not many plants that
tolerate low light areas will bloom but
this one does it comes up with these
really unique shaped blooms that range
from like a green to a white and they
bloom for a really really long time so
this one will be up here for weeks
before it starts to shrivel and needs to
be cut back i also really like the shape
of the foliage and the color it's very
dark green very glossy it adds a ton of
warmth to any area that you put them in
they usually grow about 18 to 36 inches
tall and wide and they kind of stay
sized relative to the size of container
you're keeping them in so if you keep
them in a small container they'll stay a
little bit more on the smaller size but
if you keep bumping them up in pot size
they will grow a little bit bigger so
piece lilies do like to be consistently
watered so you want to make sure to keep
them on like a weekly watering schedule
that's what i do with mine but they will
tell you when they want to drink so they
will wilt down slightly you give them
some water and they bounce back really
fast house plant number two is apothose
which looks an awful lot like a
philodendron which is also a really good
low light plant they like an area that's
out of direct sun and they're super low
maintenance so you can train these onto
a trellis or you can let them grow as a
hanging plant i like to put mine up kind
of on wedges up above cabinets and let
them kind of trail down really really
pretty i water mine about every 10 to 14
days so these are a little bit lower on
the water requirement and then i just
trim back anything that gets leggy to
keep them nice and full the third one is
a san severia which you might also know
as a mother-in-law tongue or a snake
plant i just love the strong vertical
interest that these bring to any area
they look very modern to me and they
come in lots of different colors and
kind of shape some are
round the leaves are round and they're
kind of spiky looking
some are heavily variegated like this
one this one's got yellow margins and
then it's got dark and light green in
the leaves and some of the backside of
the leaves even have this silverish
color so i think that they're just super
interesting and they're very low
maintenance in terms of watering i
probably water mine every two weeks and
they stay very happy the fourth one is a
spider plant and these are super easy to
find and you might recognize this one
right away maybe your grandma or your
mom has one of these but they're very
easy to propagate and pass on down the
generations they get their name because
of all the runners that they send out
they kind of spider out and then they've
got little babies on the end and you can
easily pop the babies off put them down
in a pot full of fresh soil water them
in and in no time you'll have a rooted
plant that's ready to go they come in a
really nice dark green like this one
this one's looking super healthy um they
also come variegated in either white or
yellow
but they are probably a once a week on
the watering schedule and they do really
well in a low light spot the last house
plant and probably my favorite out of
the whole bunch is the zz plant i just
like the way this one looks the best i
love the way it grows it grows in a very
strong vase shape and they're always
full of leaves and the leaves are always
healthy looking it doesn't seem to
suffer from tip burn like some of the
others seem to do
but they're dark green and glossy when
they first emerge the leaves are really
bright green and they kind of give you
this really beautiful pop of color and
then they deepen in color this one is
probably the most tough of all the
plants i've showed you today they thrive
on probably the lowest light and
sporadic watering so if you are a
traveler and you're not home very much
this is a really good option for you
these also do really well under
fluorescent lighting so if you're in an
office situation these also will grow
really well zz plants are really slow
growers so they don't need to be divided
or repotted very often which makes them
even more low maintenance but you can
expect them to grow about 16 to 28
inches tall and wide so those are my top
five house plants for low light areas in
your home or your office now i want to
give you five tips and these are just
general tips for keeping your plants
looking really good first of all low
light plants typically prefer drier soil
conditions other than the peace lily
that i showed you right in the beginning
that one likes more consistent moisture
but you want to make sure that the
others are allowed to dry out before you
water them again tip number two is to
about once a month use a damp cloth to
wipe the leaves off of your plant it's
really good idea to keep them on a
schedule to keep them clean it keeps the
plants healthier and keeps them looking
a lot better tip number three is on how
to combat tip burn in your plants which
can really detract from the look of them
there's usually two culprits to tip burn
the first is lack of humidity in the air
especially in the drier months so to
combat that all you need to do is grab a
spray bottle spray the area around your
plant and that will really help the
other thing is to water with either
distilled water rain barrel water or
water that's gone through a reverse
osmosis system rather than tap tap water
usually has a little bit too many
minerals and salts which can eventually
accumulate in the leaves and cause burn
the fourth tip is to feed your plants on
occasion with a house plant-specific
fertilizer this is a good all-purpose
indoor house plant food and i like to
feed mine every about one to two months
and the last tip tip number five is to
make sure to check your plants roots
about every six to twelve months so once
or twice a year pop your plant out of
its container take a look at the root
system if it looks like it's getting
root bound or it needs more room to grow
make sure to repot in a pot one size
larger with a really good potting mix so
that's it you guys that was my five
plants and my five tips hope this video
was helpful and we'll see you in the
next video bye
[Applause]
[Music]
you