hey this is Brandt with vintage
statements and today well we've got a 9
drawer dresser and a nightstand and from
where you guys are standing this looks
like a pretty nice set but there's
actually a couple issues that we're
gonna fix in this video so follow along
as we fix the tracks the veneer we take
off all the handles we sanded down we
may even stay in the top so follow along
also remember to subscribe to our
channel so you can see this project and
many of our others as we progress
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
okay so we have our broken tracks here
just to would pretty simple design so as
you can see this one's really broke so
that means that drawer would be really
wobbly and I don't want that so I got
the spare wood so we're gonna cut it out
of this and create two new ones of these
so we'll take it over to the table saw
just out doing some magic on it and
hopefully at the end we'll have two new
one of these alright so we built our two
new ones just to match everything else
so now we've got nice smooth drawers
next step is we're gonna sand the top
down stain it and then we're gonna paint
this base a nice white so follow along
for that step alright today we've got to
fix this veneer what we're actually
gonna do we get look solid wood here so
we're just gonna remove the veneer piece
here sand this down and make it clean
and then we'll have a nice side here
again so I've got a couple tools here
got my hammer hat and I got some chisels
that I'm gonna work with try to knock
some of this out so
[Music]
all right we've scuffed up all the
bonito off the side there we're going to
sand it down I've already added some
 to some of the the dents and
stuff that we had on here go let that
dry overnight with the light I have left
here to sand the top surface the unites
and and the dresser here they're both
veneer I really want try to stain them
so we're just gonna do a light sand on
120 grit sandpaper nice and light if we
can do without bubbling the veneer or
going through the veneer we're going to
stain it if I go through well we'll just
paint the whole piece and go from there
it's abadeer top with the solid wood
here so we just got to do the very tops
real light and then we can come back and
hand sand the sides here so follow along
as we start that process
[Music]
[Music]
all right and we have our pieces sent
down tops are ready for a stain we're
gonna use today's dixiebell gel stain
Tobacco Road should be a fun color so
we're gonna make sure it's shaking real
well and then we're gonna apply it so
we'll start with this one so you guys
can see a real good picture of what it
looks like on here so obviously I got my
gloves on and I got end of one of my
socks so let's just start applying it
I like these socks because I can just
put it on my hand and then just rub it
on
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay the stains been added now what
we're going to use is our dixiebell
paint drop cough color we're also gonna
use Dixie Belle's chip brush if you get
up in a nice area so we don't get onto
the stain and we're gonna use our Bell
brush by dixiebell
as you can see I've used them quite a
bit and they're still holding up nice so
we're just going to keep using them
we're gonna do the two drawers the frame
two coats we're also gonna do the
dresser two coats and get the hardware
back on and we'll get it under the tree
for sale so
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
are we have the piece painted and now
what we're going to do is use Dixie
billows clear clothes that flat to do
the entire piece here just give it a
nice clear coat matte style and then we
can get our handles on get it under the
tree get some pictures taken and well
see what you guys
[Music]
all right it is completed now Nigel a
dresser with nightstand tobacco stain
from Dixie Belle drop cloth white from
Dixie Belle we use Dixie Belle's brushes
and clear coat and this is the result if
you like this project and many of our
others subscribe to the button wherever
it is I think it's probably over here
somewhere I'm going to also put our
little subscriber button and some other
videos in this take a look at those see
what you think of our projects always
leave comments and we'll see you next
time for our next project