good afternoon and welcome back to the
freshing point today I'll be sharing
with you the benefits of indulging in
delicious fruit combinations fruit truly
is the perfect food is the easiest for
our bodies to digest and our system has
to do almost nothing to break it down
eating fruit in the morning helps to
increase blood sugar slowly and not in a
hurry because the digestive system has
been silent all night eating fruit is a
gentle way of restarting it in the
morning the simple sugars contain in
fruit need time to be completely
absorbed by your body when fruits are
eaten alone your stomach can more easily
process all of the nutrients fiber and
the simple sugars contained in a fruit
this is the optimal way to benefit from
the fruits you eat all fruit is good for
you but we should eat it when it is ripe
so properly digested and use it for
energy try to include a variety of
fruits in your diet to take advantage of
all the benefits they have to offer from
fighting colds and warding off
inflammation to making your skin glow
and your hair shiny try combining
grapefruits Kiwis and strawberries this
combination can give your immune system
the boost it needs to keep you healthy
Kiwis are rich in vitamin C which helps
support the immune system and prevents
free radical damage that can lead to
inflammation in the body grapefruit and
strawberries are also some of our top
vitamin C foods containing more vitamin
C than oranges they can help boost
immunity and fight off sickness rich in
both vitamins A and C strawberry seeds
also contain minerals that support
immune function figs red grapes and
pomegranate are high in antioxidants and
disease fighting compounds that protect
our bodies from free radical damage and
keep us looking and feeling youthful the
resveratrol in red grapes and red wine
offers powerful
antioxidant and anti-aging properties
that help combat disease and signs of
aging grapes are also high in lutein and
zeaxanthin which keeps our vision strong
and can minimize the harmful effects of
ultraviolet rays pomegranates contain
higher levels of antioxidants than most
fruits and can help to reverse free
radical skin damage figs
are not only delicious they are also
rich in minerals including potassium
calcium magnesium iron and copper and
they are a great source of vitamins A E
and K cherries pineapples and
blueberries are an anti-inflammatory
combination pineapples packed with
vitamin C and contains an enzyme called
bromelain which reduces inflammation of
the gut boosts immune function and
stimulates protein digestion blueberries
are loaded with antioxidants and
vitamins A C and E anthocyanin is the
main antioxidant in both blueberries and
cherries try to eat tart cherries versus
sweet ones as they are shown to contain
higher amounts of phenolic compounds
delivering a stronger anti-inflammatory
punch goji berries watermelon and lemon
are a great combination for detoxifying
your system watermen consists of 92%
water and also contains a major
detoxifying agent called glutathione it
is also a source of lycopene and
vitamins A and C which further aid in
detoxing and fighting free radicals
you can drink lemon with warm water
first thing in the morning
to help cleanse the body and get the
digestive system going goji berries are
a great source of antioxidants vitamins
a b c and e iron and choline which the
liver needs for detoxification processes
a fantastic fruit combination for your
skin
includes blackberries papaya and
cantaloupe papayas full of antioxidants
and nutrients that assist in the
production of collagen it also contains
an enzyme called papain that helps to
counter skin damage blackberries are
delicious low sugar fruits that are
packed with antioxidants and vitamins A
and C cantaloupe contains beta-carotene
which is converted into vitamin A in the
body and helps make our skin glow in our
hair strong and shiny the next time
you're looking for some energy put
together a fruit combination of banana
avocado and Apple these nutrient-rich
fruits will replenish and keep you going
for hours bananas provide us with quick
energy and are a great choice before you
work out the healthy fats Navas kados
slow down digestion and are better as an
after workout meal apples are high in
fiber and will keep you full for long
periods of time instead of sitting down
to a piece of toast or an egg white
omelet tomorrow morning
do something amazing for your health and
indulge in one of these delicious fruit
combinations thank you for watching good
day and good health