[Music]
we're going to talk about toilet seats
often considered the best seat in the
house
so many times people move into a new
house and they they just want to have a
new seat right you know and so i want to
take you through some of the choices
there's not many standard things in the
plumbing industry but one is there's
either the round
bold toilet yeah right here and that
measures about 16 inches okay or the
elongated or a pear shape and that's
another two inches deeper right okay and
you got to get the right size based on
which one you have so there is one thing
that is standard and that's the size of
the between these bolts right here so uh
boom five and a half to the center okay
and it could not be easier nowadays you
buy a new toilet seat they've got it so
that you can put it right into place
sometimes there's a gasket right here
yep and that drops in and these bolts
they're now plastic that used to always
be brass
now this drops down inside look at this
all it is is a hand hole that you
you go like this and then with a
screwdriver yeah you both tighten these
things down i mean they've got that hand
hole because that's a tight spot and
this will just squeeze up into that
space you don't even need a wrench at
the bottom right so you tighten them up
so that's pretty simple
oftentimes the hardest part of these
jobs is how do you get the old toilet
seat off they do fail and it is
maddening right
they always were made out of brass right
here and brass it's a metal you had to
use it couldn't use a ferrous metal that
could rust that's brass that is brass
even though it's coated and go oh i see
okay okay and so you often would see
down below a nut like this with a washer
now it's sitting in a pretty miserable
place and so
you could try with an open-end wrench or
a box wrench but if this is a soft metal
and if you deform it and it's it's not
going to come off so best first attack
is a socket that's if that fits it
exactly so you're going to bite on all
sides yeah i i've worked on a bunch and
they seem to be always different almost
completely unbiteable but more often
than not
this is our attack right so you're just
going to cut it off that's right so what
you want to do is protect the china and
we you often see we come there and the
home is that i try to get it off and you
see the whole toilet all scratched up
and it's interesting you're working up
here as opposed to down here yeah
there's no real way to go down
underneath there because that's up
inside a place you can't get to you know
the more reason to be careful so to
protect the china you'd use either a a
flat uh
putty knife or a little bit of tape and
you go in right here and you don't care
about cutting the plastic but you're
trying to get to that soft brass so you
can pop that thing off put a clean one
on got it all right so then there's
choices choices choices choices come on
all right this is for seahorses and
boardwalks i guess these are for the
beach beach okay trippy look at the
trippy whoa look at this hello hello
something that is a rose i'll just be a
minute
so a padded toilet seat here yep okay
makes sense and then there's some toilet
seats for different uh ends of the age
spectrum here's a toilet seat elongated
that looks conventional
it also has the drop down right here for
a party seat oh yeah and when you're
done that thing can snap right out and
away so you're back to adulthood right
right and uh and that's also what's
great about this is a self-closer you
know what i think it's the greatest
invention
until you go to the house that doesn't
have one boom slam it down uh for the
graying of america this is barely handy
it fits onto a conventional torch it
gives you the grab bar for security gets
that toilet seat up height retrofit
that's right that's terrific all right
and then
there's a toilet seat that can go on to
any toilet this is this is an add-on to
an existing toilet that turns the toilet
into a bidet has a dryer has a heated
seat
okay and what it is is pretty
straightforward it's got a water
connection right here that you intercede
on the regular water connection so you
can do it the only thing you do have to
add is electricity so you've got to find
a way to get an electric but again as
you said this is a retrofit to a storage
toilet oh yeah i live with one they're
pretty awesome wow so now put your hand
down it won't come on unless sure sit it
down look at you and i sharing a toilet
seat here
and so here it comes oh yeah whoa
hello
and it washes the floor
that's more exciting than the seahorses
thanks for watching
this whole house has got a video for
just about every home improvement
project so be sure to check out the
others and if you like what you see
click on the subscribe button make sure
that you get our newest videos right in
your feed