my name is Ben welcome to Vancouver
carpenter today I'm gonna take the
mystery out of how to get a perfect
three-way inside corner so for starters
what I have is I like to use a four inch
knife I've got a pan full of taping mud
and I've got my paper tapes cut and
ready to go there in place they have
nice square corners on them so this
tutorial is not about how to tape the
inside corner if you need help taping
the inside corners you can watch my
other video about taping inside corners
which I will link in the description
below this video is specifically about
the coding procedures to help you get a
perfect inside three-way corner so first
I'm going to tape these real quickly
so I do like to get my tapes right up to
the corner within an eighth of an inch
to give it a little room to stretch
again I like to get it about an eighth
of an inch away from the corner just
enough room for the tape stretch
now that I have the corners taped here
is where the secret comes in so there's
a little bit of visualization here so
what I want you to visualize is that
each one of these is like a road going
in you've got a right-hand Lane here
right-hand Lane here right-hand Lane
here other side you've got a left-hand
Lane there a left-hand Lane there and a
left-hand Lane there so picture it like
that three lines intersecting so here's
what I'm gonna do on my first day I'm
gonna pick a side and in this case it's
going to be the right-hand side so I'm
gonna do just the right-hand side of
each one of these corners and I'm not
gonna fuss too much if I'm gagging the
mud out of it I'm just doing the
right-hand side so now I'm gonna clean
it up a bit but not worry too much about
it just make sure it's reasonably good
so my knife was gouging the mud out from
the sides but I'm not worried about that
we're gonna come back to that when it's
dry and I'll show you guys how to finish
these up so it's now dry so the first
thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to
scrape the dry knoblauch's out of the
corner so if that car analogy made sense
to you and you did the right-hand lane
into each one the second day when it's
dry you now do the left-hand side to
each one and what this does is it fills
in the groove that was left on the other
side so I'm doing the left-hand on each
one
I'm also using a slightly bigger knife
than before and I'm taking my time a
little more on this one to make sure
that I actually do a nice job feather my
edge there oh I've got some stuff on my
blade I'm gonna clean it off so I now
have a perfectly filled in corner and
the next step is to let it dry and I'll
show you how I sand these
finally it's time to sand it so
generally you will have already pull
sanded your inside corners so you stop
just shy of getting right into the
corner
so next comes the sponge sanding and I
really like these angled sponges and one
of the things I do with these is I
actually tear this corner off I just
ripped little bits off until it doesn't
have a corner and there's a reason for
this and that's because when I'm going
like this with this square part in the
corner this part doesn't leave as much
of a nasty line because if you're not
careful when you're sanding inside
corners one of the things you can do
basically the width of the sponge about
1-inch there will be a 1-inch line in
each of your corners from gouging the
edge so you need to be really conscious
of that fact when sanding so what I like
to do is I just kind of go into the
corner with the square end I'll flip it
over go in again go here flip it over go
here and then to get right in the corner
I like to have a three or a four inch
knife and you just very carefully scrape
out any chunks there might be and that's
how you get that last little inch and a
half into the corner is just a quick
scrape
there we have the finished corner
looking real nice