hi this is John West with Matt fence
calm and this is another video in our
in-ground fence series today we'll be
talking about the two different types of
wire that make up your in-ground fencing
system first type of wire we'll talk
about is the twisted pair wire and then
we'll go on to talk about the signal
wire the twisted pair wire as its name
suggests is a pair of separately
insulated wires that are twisted
together and the effect of that twisting
is that the signal from your fence the
two wires will cause it to interfere
with itself and that will mean it's not
picked up by your dog's collar this is
extremely useful because you can get
your signal from your transmitter or
your lightning protector out to the
signal boundary without worrying about
your dog receiving a correction when he
or she crosses the twisted pair wire so
twisted pair wire very useful very
important to get the signal at any point
from A to B without it being picked up
by your dog's collar the signal wire is
a single wire and this is what will form
your fence boundary you don't even have
to use these systems as a fence you can
use them as a barrier as a deterrent or
is a combination fence barrier deterrent
it's really up to you how you lay this
out and we do cover the layout options
in some other videos but this is what
forms the fence boundary it's a single
wire and that signal from this wire will
be picked up by your dog's color so this
forms the fence enclosure you will join
these wires together either with a wire
splice or a wire nut depending on how
you want to install the fence in your
situation of what's right for you so
those are the two different types of
wire the twisted pair wire carries the
signal from A to B will not broadcast
your dog's color it's a pair of wires
the signal wire is a single wire
well broadcasts your dog's color informs
the fence enclosure we invite you to
visit www.flexsim.com a Loess at info at
flex pets.com and experience the flex
pets difference