we're even giving you customizable
attachments to this system that requires
how much chemical zero because it uses
only air Cameron chano brings it to us
at less than $20 every single time you
see Cameron pull that trigger good to
see you're saving us a phone call you're
saving us money and what I love is that
I can breathe in the same room while I'm
using it I'm not using a big bottle full
of chemicals that could potentially
damage my pipes maybe instead us good
old air but I got to tell you I've seen
this demonstration before and every time
you continue to clog like my blood
pressure Rises I'm like no don't putting
down there no right but this is what
real life does over time I'm telling you
hair uh we put some banana peels down
there some lettuce and typically what
would you do you would call the plumber
or you would get out the snake or the
plunger or the chemicals which is
dangerous guys this is simply air
pressure it is the safest way to clean
your lines it's instant it can be used
over and over and over you saw what I
just put down the drain watch what I'm
going to do guys don't blink cuz you'll
miss it don't blink don't turn away
watch I've got the one inch attachment
now you're getting all the attachments
the water is not running you can see it
I pumped up the proy you guys ready
three two we'll wait till you guys can
see the drain and we'll hit the trigger
that's it air pressure that's it and
instantly clog unclog the drains and you
know what use this in a maintenance
program even if you don't have a clog in
your lines or you're buying this today
for the first time use it once a month
with some liquid detergent run it down
your drains and this prevents any
buildup so prevents you from getting to
that tragic spot that we were just at
here so what's cool is like if this only
let's say it only worked on this kind of
sink like oh it's only going to work in
your bathroom well at $19.98 I don't
know many people would go well it's
still worth it but Cameron what you did
was you brought us different attachments
so now that it works for virtually
everything in the house you're getting
all the attachments I'll start off again
with the 8 in which is for your toilets
guys we have one down in a minute I'll
show you how that works they simply snap
off you got the 2 in for the bigger
sinks you've got the 1 in which we're
using on the on the smaller yep and
you're also getting the 4 in for your
kitchen and shower drain which is very
popular with hair and stuff like that
and guys it's air pressure there's no
chemicals I've got some paper towels
here just torn up here I'm going to hit
the trigger and it's air that's all it
is now you use it at parties scary it's
so scary to use the chemicals you've got
to wear goggles and you got a weight and
it's dangerous or the snake which can
damage your lines this guys is simply
air pressure and it can be used over and
over so show us how you're using we were
playing around with this earlier I mean
it's actually the gun itself will tell
you when it's ready because as you're
pumping it and priming it it gets
stiffer and harder to do and that's when
you know you're ready each pump
represents about a pound of pressure now
your lines are rated for a lot more than
the pro proofy puts out you're getting
all the attachments so simply if your
clog is in the shower you're going to
select the 4-in adapter you're you're
going to pump up the prophy you'll go
ahead and put that I've got a little
prop right here I'll show you guys here
is a sink drain watch what I'm going to
do I've got a little uh I've got a
sponge in there I'm going to hit the
trigger it shoots the sponge out with
air pressure andoss my friend so it's
instantly clears the drains uh it's just
piece of mind one time this thing pays
for itself uh and I love the fact that
it's just air pressure I mean if you're
standing in a shower we've we've all
been there you're taking the shower and
you're looking down you're like that
water's not supposed to be up to my
ankles right now over time you know the
gunk from the things that we're using in
the shower builds up the hair itself
builds up we all know we've all been
there and over time your kitchen sink
your bathroom stink it starts to clog up
maybe you're buying yourself a little
bit of time until you finally have to
call the plumber you're spending a lot
of money on chemicals which work but
cost money again and again a lot of
those tell you not to touch them don't
let the kids around them don't inhale it
this uses air to flush out the pipe and
you're able to do it yourself and you
can use it again and again and again use
it once more than pays for itself use it
monthly you prevent having to get to the
point where you're using it in a crisis
use it multiple times and now you've
just straight up got a lifesaver and as
a homeowner myself who cringes every
time she has to call for help this is
one less call for help that you have to
make do you see what I'm putting down
the drain here yeah in a second you'll
see I'm I'm literally clogging my drains
here typically you're not going to do
this
I'm using a sck I'm jamming down paper
towels we've got a banana peel wait wait
wait it gets better say you have kids
little Timmy takes his sock and maybe
drops the sock down in there it's just
air pressure guys we're going to go more
than what real life usually does right
now remember you cannot compress water
so water's going to push the clog out so
it doesn't matter if the clog is 10 ft
down your lines or it's just a foot down
our lines okay as your lines leave your
house they get bigger so the clog will
eventually work its way out if it
doesn't work the first time simply pump
it up and use it again I've pumped it up
about eight times that's about 8 lbs of
pressure I've got the 1-in nozzle don't
blink guys cuz you'll miss it ready I'm
going to instantly clear my drains
safely three two one that's it this is
air pressure I love it and so how do we
know which ones fits like you know
because it will insert inside and that's
how you know you have the right size of
the you'll know in the directions we'll
explain which attachments you use but
yes the one in we're going to give you
everything you need for all the uh for
all the drains I yes you have 30 days to
try this out so the first time you try
it if you don't find it to be effective
please send it back but the thing is
you're going to try it once and find
that it saved the day and it's saving
the day whether you're using it on a
severely clogged pipe like you're seeing
cam use or if you're using it as
maintenance this is my first time
presenting it I I've actually had a lot
of fun watching this happen b33 331 is
your item number less than $20 is going
to bring this home and uh boy isn't that
great One Less phone call that you have
to make for 20 bucks thanks so much for
peace of mind thank you so much thank
you that was tell you could
tell so a little bit later we've got an
incredible iron this is truly a
professional great