well you might be able to tell from the
see behind me you'll see the scene
behind there it is Cantor on the stove
I'm going to be doing some candy
obtaining some tomatoes I'm pulled out
of the garden yesterday and it hit me
that I get a lot of questions about how
to peel a tomato because I can't push
got cornmeal about so i thought i'd do
it just a quick video and show you how
to pour and peel a tomato a pretty
simple process really if you're trying
to feel them by hand you're gonna have a
hard time that i can show you an easy
way to do it so let me get to it okay
these are some tomatoes that I picked
out of the garden and got quite a few of
them I've already got some I'm Gordon
peel but our cord already first thing
I'm gonna do is quorum you can do this
with a knife I have this nifty little
tool here I forget what it's called but
I'll look it up and i'll post a link
below where you can find one if you need
one if you don't have one of these
little tools it's okay you can use a
knife it's no big deal you're going to
go around the stem and I'm doing this
little exaggerated so and make sure it
shows up on camera go around the stem
and what's nice about this I just spend
this little scoop in there and the court
comes right out but basically that's
what you're looking for is a little bit
of a hole if you can see I don't know
it's not very deep it's going eighth of
an inch deep something like that you can
do that with a knife point just cut
around and pull the core out that's
basically what you're doing next thing
you're going to do make sure you get all
the dirt off of it is put a crisscross
right in the bottom this is not a deep
cut all you're doing is cut in the skin
just putting a little X on it it's going
to help it split and kind of get away
from the tomato itself so i'm going to
go ahead and finish up the rest of these
here and then I'll come back and I'll
show you the next step core all your
tomatoes split all your tomatoes and
then peel em all at once so I'll be
right back with you and I'll show you
what we do once they're cord and split
backside okay got my tomatoes all peeled
and cored so i'm going to show you the
next step yeah what you're going to need
is a pot of boiling water a bowl of ice
water and a slotted spoon of some kind
i'm going to use looks i'm going to use
this one just works pretty well so take
your tomatoes lay them down in there
four or five everybody feel like working
at at a time we're going to let those
boil for just a few seconds 15-20
seconds you stir them around a little
bit you'll see that the skin will start
to peel away from you're not cooking
these Tomatoes all you're doing is
blanching them what you're looking for
is that you can I don't know if you can
see that on camera or not I got to kind
of hurry here that little hand right
there is starting to break away so I'm
gonna leave it in there for just a
couple more seconds that one's done when
it's done put it right immediately into
the ice water bath let them cool down in
there until you can handle them
okay there we go you can see that skin
starting to split that's really little
bit further and I need to go but that's
okay 85 put them in the ice water once
they cool down to the touch let me get
my compost bucket over here this is the
easiest thing in the world once they
cool down enough to touch you just pick
them up just the skin comes right off of
them just rubs right off
and there you go perfectly peeled and
cored tomato use it just like a fresh
tomato if you want or do like I'm going
to do and kanima so hopefully again you
learn something from this and you can
put this to use yourself if you have any
tips make this easier I'm always open to
advice and look forward to your comments
thanks again for watching and as always
god bless
you