hey you pull filled with water that you
can't get rid of because they're too
many dead bugs in it to siphon it out so
you can't just give the oxygen I'm gonna
try throwing this memory foam pillow on
it because we're gonna use it stock
pillow did you wash it and we're to see
how much water it brings up I'm gonna
put it in bigger area we're gonna try
out the pillows also - that's what's
wrong we're bugs were probably those
little yellow areas
go grab but yeah memory foam versus
train grab this out of pull now for my
control mini is this
[Music]
that's a really memory foam pillow and
that was just from one side
or if you can see that there's water
they've got is at the top every time I
push that down
that's the amount of remaining water and
then I got a dip to sit at this pillow
in it
it's gonna cost you well the stories
don't use pillows to give it'll water in
your pool