there's been a lot of discussion up with
regard the correct way to eat a scone
whether you put cream on it and then the
jam or jam and then the cream or in my
opinion lots and lots of butter and then
a tiny bit of jump and there are lots
and lots of quality cream and it's the
clotted cream that's the important
factor and discovered that outside the
UK clotted cream is really hard to get
hold of and when you can get hold of it
it's super super expensive now that
won't do so for those of you who are
having a hard time getting hold of
clotted cream and I thought I'd look up
how to make some and have a go myself if
it works I'll share able to get if not
well I'll waste the ingredients and so
you don't have to so anyway um first
thing with clotted cream is that you
need lots and lots of double cream to
make it happen I've got the recipe from
fearless fresh calm which was just the
first recipe that came up when I
searched for it and the recipe calls for
heavy cream in the UK which refers to
that as double cream but it's
essentially the same stuff and the first
thing you need to do is pre-heat your
oven to 80 degrees Celsius and if you
use gas marks that's not even a fraction
of gas mark one so it's a really really
low temperature for those of you who use
Fahrenheit that's about 180 degrees
Fahrenheit again it's not very warm so
it's not very hot at all it's really the
creams is gonna be in there for a long
long time and so what I've got here is
one liter of double cream and the recipe
calls for popping it in a glass dish to
a depth of about two inches and leaving
it in the oven for about 12 hours and
the return on that should be about half
of whatever cream we put in there
you'll get half back in clotted cream
and then the rest of it is whey which I
understand you can dispose of or using
other things
probably just throw it away oh no that's
terrible waste of all don't hate me and
so all we need to do is get your double
cream get you GlassFish pour it in still
going and that's about 2 inches leaving
me with just enough for my coffee
tomorrow right and that's all really so
I've got a glass dish will 2 inches with
cream double cream in it and I'll pop
that in the oven and come back to it 12
hours and see what happens so wish me
look I'll show you the results later
it's now been 12 hours since I bought
the dish with the creaming in the oven
and one thing about movin in the process
is that it's left off for long you know
it will switch itself off so your might
do the same be careful about right so
all I need to do now is take the cream
out of the oven and see and see what's
happened to it
it's really really important that when
you're taking out the oven that you
super careful to not agitate the cream
of the dish is still warm
and it's mixed in it's two separate
layers or at least it should be so you
don't want those layers to mix
themselves back up to get this so take
it out really carefully and be careful
not to agitate it so let's give it a go
right you can't see about just yeah well
that's coming out and nicely placed
almost carefully and I'll bring the
camera over just so you can have a look
they have it it's still warm from the
oven they still nice and fresh looking
well there's a crusty layer that's
separated on top and if I give the dish
a little bit of a nudge you can see that
it still looks quite liquid so I'm going
to leave it like that just for a moment
and let it cool down a little bit and
once it's cooled down sufficiently I'm
going to transfer it to the fridge where
it will stay for 12 hours and then we
can start getting the cream off the top
I'll see you then right the clotted
cream or what we hope will become
clotted cream is now been in the fridge
for it's been 10 hours really supposed
to be 12 according to the rest of people
I'm impatient just got back in from work
and I want to know what what's going to
be able to lick the lid so here we have
it okay
I'm not sure how much that's visible for
not that but it's looking kinda yellowy
from from the top and it's a little bit
watery there if I move it it doesn't
wobble a bit so the recipe calls for
using a slotted spoon to carefully scoop
the stuff on top from the watery stuff
that it's floating up so wish me luck
give it a go
yeah it's actually quite thick around
the edges putting a little bit the
resistance that's right push the
spooning or equal and let's try and be
careful and try not to mix the lace it's
actually surprising the amount of this
underneath there's the watery stuff
okay so slipping spoon beneath and the
lifting and let's see what we go Wow
okay see there's quite a pickle there on
top of that what's dumped us in the boat
and go again so I slipping spirit
underneath and lift any gently letting
some of the liquid drain out from
underneath it we don't want that and
back in again
you
I can't wait to taste this
again if you can see that there you can
see how the the tops got a bit yellow
and it kind of got that nice yellow
crust that you expect on clotted cream
and that's that's on the top now okay so
and that's pretty much the low-rises got
a fair bit there from what I pulled out
to the French before it was looking like
there was only a thin layer of what were
the composite cream on top and they
seemed like the rest of it was just
liquid underneath was actually old loads
loads more than I thought that was going
to be on Thursday combination
game almost a few bits just in case no I
think I think we've got it off is lifted
off as a fairly clean clean straight
don't marry without the sausage for you
anymore right so this is what we've got
left so the recipe calls for just mixing
it in until it's smooth so
you
I was wondering if I've got a look at
the too far with the heating hear it sir
let me find a quick it's just across the
fridge so maybe sort of this thick
because of that I'm a feeling that once
he gets a room temperature will probably
loosen up that look at this thing that's
a little bit more Rooney can adapt kind
of almost solid consistence in the you
expect from clotted cream well this is
this really build here so anyway I could
probably make it a little bit smoother
right this moment but at this stage I
really want to dive in and taste it okay
long strip
texture-wise it needs it needs to be a
little bit smoother or flavor-wise
that's clotted cream I think we have a
successive people okay I've been working
the clotted cream for a while now
because of the grainy texture just to
see whether it would improve it with a
little bit more work and I'm happy to
say that it has it's been about ten
minutes 15 minutes since I popped it
into this bowl and I've been working it
and mixing it and just trying to get all
those lumps out with the work and with
the presuming the cream raising a little
bit more towards room temperature the
consistence is now pretty much somewhere
around about soft butter again not sure
how much that you can see well that's a
marked improvement from what we had
before I'm happy to declare that what we
have here is clotted cream I'm going to
pop this in some dishes and put it in
the fridge just to see if we get the
crust on it okay nice lunch dishes here
and we'll check again later and see what
happens but I'm pretty confident I'm
looking forward to putting these on some
scones after I put the butter on after I
put the general because that's the
proper way to do it no matter what you
might think okay anyway thanks very much
for watching