between my sewing projects and my
crafting projects I'm forever getting
something on my iron and that's a real
bummer for those rare occasions when I
want to use it to actually you know Iron
[Music]
clothes hi M Katie this is the normal
girl show and today I'm going to show
you my top three ways to clean an iron
stick around pick your favorite but
first we've got our old pal
vinegar start with an unplugged and cool
iron and I like to empty the water tank
so I don't have to worry about water
spilling out while I'm cleaning my iron
over low to medium heat mix together
half a cup of vinegar and an e/ a cup of
salt and you can use any salt for this
and while this vinegar is warming
continue to stir it until all this salt
dissolves then pour it into a bowl and
let it cool to the point where you won't
burn your fingers on it wet a teroth
towel or EG in the vinegar and salt mix
and then use it to wipe down your iron
sole plate if you've got buildup in the
steam holes just dip a cotton swab into
the vinegar mix and then you can just
use that to wipe them
out now if things have really gotten out
of hand with your iron or you just can't
get past that vinegar smell then you may
want to try using a baking soda scrub
instead mix together two parts baking
soda to one part water to make a wet
scrub then dip your towel into the mix
and make sure you get get a bit of that
baking soda on there then use it to
scrub your iron until it's clean and
before you start this make sure your
iron has been unplugged and allowed to
cool completely and if you need some
extra scrubbing power for heavy buildup
just add one more part of baking soda to
your mix so that you end up with a
really thick paste then use a scrubbing
pad along with the paste to scrub all
this Gunk off then just wipe any excess
baking soda off dry it and your iron is
good to go
the toothpaste method has been around
for decades and while I personally
prefer the baking soda scrub this
totally works especially if you're in a
pinch and it's all you've got so the key
is to use an actual toothpaste not a
toothpaste gel squeeze a small strip of
toothpaste about the amount you'd use on
a toothbrush onto a towel then wipe down
your iron sole plate using circular
motions and a little bit of elbow grease
to scrub off all that Gunk once you've
got it clean use a damp towel to wipe
off the toothpaste and you may need to
use a cotton swab to get any extra paste
out of these steam holes and then just
dry off your shiny Gunk free Iron now
regardless of which cleaning method you
choose before you iron for the first
time you're going to want to make sure
that all of these steam holes have been
cleared out to do that start by filling
the tank with water and then turn your
iron to a steam setting and once it's
hot press the steam button a few times
and then iron an old towel to make sure
nothing comes out of the steam holes so
that that's all there is to it clean
iron ready to be destroyed with more
crafting and sewing fun all right let me
know in the comments if you give this a
try and which method was your favorite
and be sure to hit subscribe to get
notifications about new episodes of the
normal girl show coming every week until
next time stay normal