okay so we're just spray-painting I
wouldn't share from my friend and I
didn't see that rooster was right over
here anyway
um just spraying it with a typically
pianist free ping you get it lower home
people it's already been shook up and so
now I'm just gonna start now the surface
should be clean dust free and also
sanded down scuffed up so that the so
that the new paint will stick to the
surface if you see any time you applying
a finished material even paint itself it
has to go on to a surface that is it's
not completely smooth that it's porous
enough where you can't see it but it's
pouring porous enough whereby whatever
you're putting on - it sucks into it and
grips on okay let's see anyway I use the
hand mask er to put what you're seeing
there in the middle is tape so I used an
exacto knife and I cut around just
making sure that the wicker is covered
[Applause]
you don't want to go too crazy as soon
as you leave this in the same place too
long
you're gonna start dripping less is
better steady stroking back and forth
you're gonna come back to it
really working against the wind here so
I'm accommodating the wind so I don't
want the wind blowing the paint away
from it I'm using the wind to blow the
paint onto it but ideally you have no
wind but when you got to work every day
you kind of got to go with what you got
you know
keep this break and moving you won't see
the dripping tell you Dennis you've done
it too long the crazy dog is barking at
the rooster and the chicken so that's
what's going on over there sorry not the
easiest thing to do especially when you
got a little wind the most important
thing here is keep that kin moving you
can always come back and put another
coat what you don't want to do is put
too much the reason why people mess this
up is they just go too much at the sit
the first time and then you got dripping
and then it's a mess
just take your time if you start getting
dizzy it means that you're high this
stuff is flammable and it gives you long
you know headaches and stuff you have to
read the ideally I should have a mask on
with a cartridge filter but since I'm
talking it's not ideal but you should
put a mask on
now when do you take the tape off should
take it up right away
if you don't the tape of course what's
called a bridging effect bridge whereby
the paint will get stuck to both the
tape and the wooden surface as well and
then you have this bond between both
surfaces you take your tape off and it
rips off the paint less likely with
oil-based paint more likely with latex
but it could still happen with oil now
you know when you're done with a can of
spray paint and you didn't finish the
can at all you know like you still have
a lot of paint left in it do you know
what to do in order to preserve the
paint in that can so I'm gonna go
through this whole can but some of this
stuff is expensive so let's say you have
you only went through like a minute of
spraying you still know you need a
little more paint you didn't the whole
can and you have like 80 percent of it's
still what you do is you turn it upside
down you spray it like this now there's
a straw in here as soon as all of the
paint in the straw gets out it's gonna
come out clear if you turn it back side
up and you just clean off the tip with a
q-tip or something like this with a
little mineral spirits and you will have
you light those muscles I saw them
you'll have a nice clean you'll have a
nice clean tip and you won't be wasting
your money by throwing out a nice full
can of paint
I'm not real nice the wind is not
helping this one believe me I'm gonna
take you over here in a little while
very shortly show you how that we did
this is one of the hardest parts of
painting you know why it's one of those
applications with which most people are
unfamiliar that is spraying a lot of
people can use a paint brush or a roller
but this is something that you don't do
but once in a while you know and for
that reason you have to take your time
and kind of go less-is-more in this
paper
[Applause]
coming out really nice I'm gonna need
another can oh this is coming out
beautiful this chair is for my godson
and it's about time I got it done for
him you know he's gonna love it
I was starting to think by the time I
get it done he'll be too big to sit in
it but I decided I gotta get this done
for the little guy
very nice keep this thing moving you're
supposed to keep it about - I just got a
little saliva on it like spitting he's
supposed to keep that thing move 12
inches away but when you're dealing with
wind you can you'll get the idea you'll
know what to do it doesn't have to be 12
inches away em if you got wind obviously
cuz if you hold it too far away you
won't be able to get any paint on it at
the end of this here now you got to be
careful cuz she starts spitting she's
gonna be pulling up oxygen out of that
can and it isn't marked it at the end
okay this is done now let me show you
how beautifully I did it because I do
love my work alright let's take you
around here come on ten how do you like
that
look at that isn't that gorgeous you
know and that's just two coats of paint
that's two coats I mean you saw me
spraying one but you think it's one but
I actually put that's two coats you know
I went around it twice we'll forget you
know those little nooks and crannies on
the bottom are obviously you know we got
to do a little more and we're not gonna
do that here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna turn that chair upside down and
we're gonna do the rest of it and it's
gonna look gorgeous I'll show you the
finished product if you liked this video
click on like please and subscribe to my
channel and thank you I'll see on the I
said well thank you and I'll see you on
the next video okay