what's up guys Peter Von Pandy here hey
I'm outside here with my original Power
jet power washer turns any hose into a
power washer now I'm a little skeptical
about that I saw this uh I think
advertised on TV and I thought man you
know what an awesome device if it really
could just take the pressure from your
water hose and turn it into a power
washer now I have a powered power washer
it's electric you actually have to plug
it in too um and I feel like man if it's
just using the pressure that's coming
out of your spigot even if it's being
focused it's probably just not going to
do good enough of a job now it does come
with two nozzles and it looks like it
attaches on there it looks like there's
a fan and then it looks like already
installed is kind of like a pencil
nozzle the thing is about 2 and 1/2 ft
long and it seems to be made out of
aluminum it has a little Kink down here
in the end probably for kind of
accessing um an angle that you might
need and then it has
kind of like a a handle here a valve you
know very similar to like a gas or any
other type of water valve with a with a
rubberized uh handle there and then kind
of a rubberized textured handle on the
end and then looks like brass fittings
to fit a traditional hose nozzle so the
question is you know on most patio
sidewalks things like that they get
discolored you know in this case I have
berries I have little rustins and bird
poop and you know all sorts of things
and this is where I rely on my power
washer a lot but if you could get
something like this for $20 and it does
the job I think this could save a lot of
people a lot of money time effort uh
setting up those power washers is not
easy now if it doesn't we'll know that
too I would not expect you to be able to
do strip paint or anything like that you
know kind of heavy duty uh work like
this but you know I would expect most
people to try to want to do some kind of
power cleaning like I generally want to
do or even blow out kind of debris
that's caught in the the gaps between
the concrete panels here so if it does
that I'll be pretty impressed if it
doesn't then we'll kind of figure out
where the sweet spot for this thing lies
let's get it hooked up to a hose and all
right guys so here's my take on it I do
have that fan nozzle installed you can
install the other nozzle on the little
silicon handle right there and I've got
the water pressure turned up all the way
and as you can see it is coming out like
a fan uh but it's more for you know
there's it's just more for watering in a
pattern or kind of focusing you know the
hose energy the water energy um as much
as it can but does only a marginally
better job than you know like those
regular nozzles you know the the
handheld hose nozzles right so you can
see here it isn't a fan pattern but you
know I've been working on this step here
and I have little stains I have berries
I have bur Po and and even if you get
really close you've got to really work
it you know um I can blast off some of
this stuff and I can kind of use a like
a sweeper and push a little bit but you
can see like the discoloration there
that's not coming off now with my
powered power washer that would be
blasting it off in One path right and in
fact with our power washer most hard
washers especially really good ones you
don't want to get your hand in them
because you know you could actually cut
your cut flesh with it but obviously
with
this you know it's just coming out in a
focused pattern with the same amount of
pressure right it's it can't it can't do
anything uh it can't create any real
pressure more than whatever your house
is putting out now like I said it does
do a good job of kind
of working out some of the heavier
debris but you know all these little
stains
which I obviously want to get rid of
here are just are going to have to be
done
with a real heavy duty toce but it does
work a little bit like a sweeper and can
kind of knock off some of the big stuff
and that may be good enough for your
uses you know I can see this kind of use
you know sweeping your deck uh maybe
kind of cleaning off your grill maybe
washing your car kind of using it to get
off some of the bird poop off your car
or maybe even kind of the windows in
your house getting off some of the big
things like that
but see some bird poop you can kind of
keep working at working it working it
and it will blast it away and so that's
really kind of the
limit I think of what you should count
on this
for so power jet yeah it's it's a pretty
good little hose no doubt and I do like
the fact that it's 2 and 1/2 ft long so
that I can get down to things without
having to bend over
but I'll show you
my powered power washer that thing works
pretty well Peter Von panda out