[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay all right so after devastating
defeat yesterday evening on all attempts
I'm going for it on the outside this
time so before I was heating it from the
outside and trying to solder from the
inside to kind of hide the solder but
that just didn't work
close but too much warpage I've got a
little pry bar putting pressure on the
bottom here to keep that rim tight so
hope I've heat-treated the bottom to
relax it because before I just kind of
hammered it flat and put it in there and
then I heat it up with the torch
I didn't relieve any of the stress by
pre heating and cooling this and
kneeling it and that's so that's what
caused the outside to kind of warp away
from the bottom of the cup so I've been
healed it so it's not stressed then I've
put a little bit of pressure against it
with a little pry bar clamped in there
so it holds the rim against the bottom
so hopefully it won't warp or pull away
and then I've got two little wire straps
on here just some tie wire to hold this
seam here tight together while I solder
it so I'm hoping that we can make it
work and I'm just gonna decide it's
probably going to drip and get a bit
messy along here
I should probably flux this yeah I need
to flux it first pull there's a close
call don't flex it it will definitely
have some issues I'll see you back in a
few minutes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
oh yeah first tip Moscow Mule my
handmade copper mug oh yeah oh yeah oh
love my life that really wasn't that
hard I made it a lot harder than it
needed to be I decided to make soldering
like this giant mountain in my mind that
I could not climb and really it wasn't
that hard I was just doing it wrong and
I had to youtube some other hack dudes
making some really pathetic versions of
these and doing a way better job
soldering and then I was like okay I was
ready to throw in the towel and just
trash these mugs out of spite and anger
but I just hang it hung in there for a
little bit longer watch the YouTube
video saw some hack doing way better job
than me and then I was like okay that's
it I've got to be able to figure this
out went back to it turns out I was
putting way too much heat on it using
wrong torch I just used a simple cheap
propane torch Network way better and
first try all the Sauter's held water
I mean held the booze so this is an
awesome project I highly recommend it
only took me like a day in a bit to make
these and probably even less if you
don't screw up old soldering like I
didn't sell go out make yourself a
Moscow Mule mug and just enjoy your life
thank you so much for watching this
please give it a like thank you so much
to the samurai brother that all the
people that support and donate to this
channel so we can keep this run in and
keep making awesome projects I hope you
learned something watching this until
next time guys
samurai ohh
you