you
so we're currently preformed meaning the
basic shape is here at now weighs 950
carats we lost about 230 carats of what
we originally had the current
measurement is just under 50 millimeters
so for this I'd expect pushing close to
500 carats depending on the style of cut
that I think so the next step is to mark
this get it ready for topping so I try
and find the center and I use these
brass calipers to market and you go
somewhat past the center
make a line across the log in each side
so that's going to be somewhat close to
center I'll double-check see if I need
to move one way or another but that's
how we get ready to stop at them and
we'll pick the dolphin and place it
where where the center rings and then do
some final measurements before we glue
it up
so we have our stone in the transfer
block this transfer block is not meant
for stone this big so I've got some some
clay underneath to hold it in position
now I need to measure it make sure we're
still pretty close to center and it's
pretty much data so this is going to
take a lot of glue this this dot should
have been bigger for this size down but
it's the biggest one I've got the only
concern is that it won't close the stone
on there because it is small and won't
be able to get enough glue on it if I'm
careful I think I can keep it on go mix
plenty of room
so I've got some glued mixed up here
whether it's enough I'm not sure but we
want to attach it completely around this
top I don't Dopp the bottom side of adop
mainly because it's very difficult to
separate them later and I will probably
need more
well this is the next challenge
the largest tone I've ever cat is 322
carats that stone took me about 90 hours
to finish this one is currently 950
carats but by the time I'm done with it
it's probably somewhere between four and
five hundred carats so we're going to
cut almost half of this away and it's
been preformed from a stone that was
more than twice this size a lot of
grinding and the biggest issue is going
to be polishing small facets can be
difficult in quartz but when you get
facets that are as large as an inch
across it's very difficult to get them
polished smoothly and to get them to
polish completely across the stone so
this is the challenge of the next few
weeks and we'll get started now and
start grinding away at this ports from
Arkansas
you
you
so I finished the pavilion of the snow
and I put a dot on the pavilion side now
I'll remove the dot from the crown side
and start cutting the crown
you
you
you
finished product you know I'd hoped it
would be somewhere between four and five
hundred carats and while it was coming
off the table I kind of wondered what
what a quarter pound was and it works
out to be five hundred sixty eight
carats I thought it'd be cool if it was
five hundred sixty eight carats and it
turned out to be 571 carats so it's a
quarter pound the other concern was
being a new cut you know just not pretty
with me because often you do and we cut
them they don't necessarily work but
this one really worked very happy with
us now I'm going to try this cut on some
smaller stones and see if they also work
because this is really a hundred percent
brilliant it's probably one of the
finest cuts I've ever done so very happy
with the piece very happy with the
cutting - but a lot faster than the last
large stone I took which cut which took
me about ninety hours but that's because
I had much better laps much better
equipment to use I started with a 100
grit lap which really tore through the
material quickly from there I went to a
325 to a 1200 and then finally polishing
with the ultra mops and they the ultra
laps with the addition of cerium oxide
really did a great finish and there's
very little imperfection on the polish
of the stone that pry took the most time
came out great as almost a diamond like
brilliance
thanks for watching if you want more
informational videos go to more gems on
youtube or more jams com
you