good day guys it's Greg's kitchen time
once again and guess what was on special
down the shops today yep good old
broccoli one of my favorite vegetables
in the whole world uh it was $250 a kilo
so I thought well might as well get a
kilo of it and make a delicious cream of
broccoli soup which is one of my
favorites and it's also one of the
easiest soups that you can ever make so
anyway let's get started this is Greg's
kitchen
righty well for this recipe of course
you're going to need some broccoli I'm
going to just cut it up into its little
florettes some cream some stock of your
choice vegetable chicken or beef for
some reason I'm using beef some garlic
powder and of course some butter well
first thing I did was cut up this
broccoli and now I'm just going to Def
flour it that sounds kind of
wrong and kinky of it doesn't it but hey
what I mean by that is I'm just going to
break it up into bits no need to be too
fussy about it all just like that you
can just stick the fork in like that and
do that with it if you like doesn't
bother me and don't throw the stalks
away cut those up too cuz they taste
pretty good okay so the first thing I'm
going to do is throw the butter in and
we'll just let that melt for a bit bit
now the reason I'm adding butter is
because I love butter now you don't even
have to add it but I just do because it
adds that saltiness and that just that
little bit of extra creamy flavor and I
tell you what nothing goes better
together than broccoli and
butter just have a look how much
broccoli I've
got holy cow this is going to last me
forever and a day so I'm just going to
put that in with the butter while that's
melting well how's that I only lost
three bits off the side on the floor I'm
just going to add the stock in there oh
yeah that's
right ah beautiful so now I'm just going
to add some garlic powder I'll probably
add about a tablespoon I
suppose now this isn't the garlic powder
from this brand here it's it's actually
one that I buy from an Indian shop but I
just stick it back in this container
because I'm a cheap scape o nearly
forgot some pepper I'll just whack a bit
of that in why not so now what I'll do
is just let this cook for about what 15
minutes or something I'll even put the
lid on for
you so now I've got the broccoli in the
saucein right there bubbling away until
it gets nice and soft now that's about
the only thing is a m that you do want
to get nice and soft I tell you righty
well that's been about 15 minutes and
that's very nice and soft so now what
you need to do is get yourself a blender
if you haven't got one of these just use
a like a potato masher and we are just
going to give this everything we got
until it's nice and soup
like well that's only taken about a
minute to get to that soupy looking
broth right there so now I'm just going
to add the cream in I'm going to use
about a cup of cream cuz that's all I've
got left in the jar so I'll pour that in
there and just give that another
mix and that's it your cream of broccoli
soup is done how easy was
that okay so now it's time just to put
some in a bowl oops I found a
chunk now if you think that soup's a
little bit too runny for you all you
need to do is just let thisp on a low
heat on the stove and let some of that
water evaporate and it'll make it a bit
thicker for you oh what would some cream
of broccoli soup be without a little bit
of Parmesan cheese oh yeah now we're
talking righty well let's give this
super simple easy cream of broccoli soup
a
go oh
man you know what for something so quick
and simple and easy it's got all the
flavor in the world and it tastes
fantastic well guys I hope you really
like that simple easy cream of broccoli
soup I know it's one of my favorites and
it's heading into winter down here in
the Southern Hemisphere and during that
time I make this soup plenty of times
cuz it keeps me nice and
warm anyway guys do me a favor and thumb
this video up also leave a comment
because I love reading them even if you
even it's just like those people that
type a comment I don't care just type
one I love reading it all anyway thanks
again for watching and I'll see you next
time right here on Greg's
kitchen this is Greg's kitchen where the
broccoli soup is
[Music]
delicious oo yeah