all right this is Sam with cjl
Enterprise we were shooting some videos
today of some products that are going up
on our website and I wanted to share
this with you this is a old-school meat
grinder called climax my grandmother
used to use one of these years ago make
an Italian sausage and I could say that
they work really great this particular
one comes with a couple different
attachments there's one here that you
can see here this disc here you have one
here and one here and as you can see
inside of here there is this is what
grind your meat up you put your meat up
on top and then you take this and you
crank it like that and that grinds it up
and you don't have to have electricity
you can do this if you've got some deer
meat
now you're out hunting and you want to
make some sausage or some hamburger or
you want to add some spices into your
into your venison or whatever kind of
meat that you have in the hip if you
happen to have something or whatever it
is this is the way to go
and you can do it right in your cabin
you can do it take this with you you do
it at home wherever you want we got this
price to sell check this out guys $20
shipped
that's right 20 bucks on our website CJL
in a price I got a good deal on this and
I'll pass it on we have a lot of good
deals coming up our website is
www.seannal.com you can see us on
facebook at
cjl enter price and you can also see us
on youtube at sam's garage sale thanks
for stopping by again this is twenty
dollars shipped thank you