hello I'm Chris and this is my doing the
roof video okay so I got one more
quarter panel and the freaking roof
alright here to do left so the roof we
have these places that are the roof
panel and then the quarter panel that
are tacked together and then they're
leaded so when I was sandblasting the
car kind of cleaned it off and seems
like somebody went back you know before
I got that car and did that real neat
because just looks like somebody went
back and real edited or I've just never
seen one that perfect before but you got
it you got to clean that up and look at
it another thing is you're doing your
roof you want to do your roof rails
first get all that done because now
we're going to go back and we're going
to clean all this up while we do our
bodywork and we're going to prime over
that okay I have a video on here showing
you how did the roof rails so the first
thing you want to do is get your trim
don't ever don't ever be an idiot and
take trim off where you bend it like
this dude that ruin that piece we're
just checking right there it looks fine
very important you check this before you
start doing your bodywork okay so this
does not fit in there perfect so if you
leave it like that you're going to have
gaps and it's going to look all screwed
up so we're going to have to grind that
out with a dremel now these cars they
usually have pitting right here anywhere
where there's pitting ice and blessed
the crap out of it inside the holes and
everything well that's usually how
you're going to get the pitting exposed
like that because it didn't even look
like it had any pitting so the fact that
we sandblasted the inside real good I'm
just going to put polyester putty you
can put kit here whatever you can weld
it up if you want to but start welding
that up you're going to burn holes in it
and you're going to screw everything up
so we sandblasted this and put an epoxy
primer about six seven months ago just
because it was put in epoxy primer
doesn't mean
that it's ready to go I can still have
like little places that we missed so
we're going to go back over we're going
to 81 80 whatever we got to do to scuff
the complete crap out of this top and
we're going back looking for any kind of
weird little imperfections that we
missed and we're going to stand them out
with a power tool okay okay you get the
point I'll do that in all my videos
because it's so important you get all
that little crap out see if we got more
right there because you don't know what
it is it can be rust it could be a
chemical reaction it could be I don't
know just get them all out okay so it
took me like three hours to get it ready
all the places we ground off very
important that you do that seam sealer
is cleaned up you got all in that
channel right there and cleaning it
seems healer off body works done right
there the ground that little edge off
everything's been sanded thoroughly with
8180 and then went completely over with
scotch brite in case I touched it
everything is scuffed and abraded ready
for the primer we're going to do the
identification process you see what
happened we ran into this whole freaking
thing had rust on it okay so we need to
get two coats a good primer on there
because we're going to do our
identification process to find out where
the dents are
we got a black primer as a guide coat
now when we sand us for the first time
we're doing our identification process
we're trying to find out what dents we
have on this thing to start with you
need to use the longest and hardest
block that you have not would a block
like this identification process let's
see what this roof looks like you're not
putting any pressure you're letting the
paper do the work letting the block and
the paper do the work block it out first
like this see where the low places are
and then run your hand over that low
place and find out is that something you
need to fill or something that we can
just keep priming and trying to knock it
out with primer there's nothing telling
me that we need to put filler on this
yet we got low places everywhere I'm go
ahead and finish the other side and
we'll see an area that we do need to
apply filler to now these kind of dents
right here we are going to go ahead and
float this all the times you can screw
that up more trying to knock that flat
and do even more damage to it
I'd rather fill it and then if it's
still high then tap it down found that
to work a lot better than start banging
on your roof your roof is and it's very
very sensitive
anything you do we start beating on this
hat can have consequences
so of course we're going to go ahead and
grind the guide code out of both of
these you want to float these real big
and we're going to go ahead and float
all these little stupid bumps and this
always grind the guide coat out you
always want to get in a habit of getting
the guide coat out in case you
accidentally use some like cheap crap
paint I just use a black
lekker primer it doesn't react to my own
primers but just it's always a good to
get into habit that way you also mark
where you're going to fill
all right so we have only filled these
two and there was a few dents right here
so the last thing you want to do is have
to float the top of this car so we're
it's a lot better to put a bunch of
primer on there and then see what you
have so you're only feeling very thin
freaking areas opposed to trying to
float that whole thing we got low low
high let's go ahead and uh get an idea
how we block these out you always want
to block this bigger than the dent we
got fresh eighty-three blocks
we're going to cut it down going across
it this is polyester you want to put
polyester over this if you have to
instead of using bondo polyester putty
all right we got two hot spots that's
not the lid that's actually the steel
yeah this is a pretty hard area to get
straight because it's literally two
different panels joining each other so
we got low there alright so I'm going
ahead and put some more filler right
there that was bothering me let's go
ahead and finish sanding these out we're
not trying to knock it flat we're trying
to knock knock it down and occur so
putting pressure on this in and then
this in a little bit
and trying to leave the center high and
then we go over it
and you want to stop we're going to
leave it like that we're going to get
primer on it let's go ahead and do these
let the paper do the work you don't put
pressure on it they do have metal on
areas coming through here but this is
the complex area we've got that done the
best I can already feel high spots right
there we're gonna have to go back and
fill this but let's go ahead and get
some primer and let's see how our dents
are coming out back here okay so before
you prime it's always good to hit it
with a soft block with 180 to kind of
knock it down even
so I just got my iphone 7 plus and from
now on I'm going to be filming on it so
let's see if the video looks different
I finally got off my butt and I finally
bought me some black primer it is the
same primer as my surfacing my gray
surfacer that I'm using I've been using
a rattle-can lacquer black primer for
the guide coat but now this is ideally
what you want to do is to get you a
black primer and a gray primer and we're
using a guide coat with a black primer
so that way we don't have to grind it
out we can just fill right over the
black the low places so let's check that
out
ok so we're all on the same page it has
one pass of polyester block down with
aiding smooth with one eighty three to
four coats of heavy primer we got a
black primer guide code on it you still
do not want to be using a soft block
we're using a hard block with 180 and
we're trying to find out where our load
places are that we're going to have to
go back and fill hopefully there's none
but areas like this very likely and
we're also going to go hopefully we got
all them out well let's check it out
it's nearly perfect we would still we're
still going to go back and grind these
out like the little pits and crap like
that but the real weird how body work is
that if you if you have an idea of what
you're doing this is one pass of
polyester and you can already see that
that is perfect man except for the
little low places now let's go ahead and
check this one out
small little places everywhere
our dent with our dent was like right
here those little dancer right here
they're pretty much gone
I really want to explain to you how this
needs to go down you do not want to
float panels unless you have to the last
freaking resort my trunk video is a
perfect example of that that trunk was
freakin screwed up last resort
I had to float the whole thing now we
got high low high low we're going to
keep trying to put primer on this until
we starting it up where those look like
that or that and then it's okay to just
lightly skim that opposed to somebody
somebody would look at that and say oh
well it needs to be completely floated
right here no don't do that
you're going to screw everything up you
do that only if we prime the crap out of
this and then we can't get it out and
then it's okay to flow the area but I'm
we're going to see what happens at the
end but I bet you whatever you want that
we're going to end up getting this
pretty freaking close where we just have
to go back and maybe fill something like
that see you get the point you rather
feel something like that and to be
trying to float something like that
because you don't know where you are
just try and tell you trying to give you
some pointers on doing a roof of a car
it's so kind of what we're doing here is
we're getting a starting point right
here this is the hardest part we got to
fix and right here and we're going to do
both sides like that but making sure
that this is perfect first and then
we're going to be able to float that top
in to both sides no matter what does
that make sense to do it get a starting
point here
instead of trying to start there and
we're going to work our way to blend the
middle into both sides the other side
not as bad it's weird because there'll
be two completely different situations
this one I'm having issues right here
that one have an issue I was having
issues with this and trying to blend it
into the quarter we already done all
right so we got it all in three coats of
primer this is a fourth light coat of
black primer that we're going to be
using as a really good guide coat to
figure out what's going on on this top
all right got fresh 180 on a 24-inch
blog so anyway that's what we got with
the first block the longest one the 24
inch we're going to keep blocking it
down until we start seeing the high
spots come through so you always want to
do that
everything block it down to the high
spots come through and I really like
using this black primer nail as a guide
coat all right so we got it all sanded
down the low spots aren't going to be a
big deal but we got this weird situation
down the middle of it with all these
little high spots see the green you can
barely see it
the only weird places I can feel they
don't really feel too high this is the
only place that feels like it needs to
be filled so far the rest of these just
kind of feel like they need to be tapped
in but we're not going to do that roof
looks pretty good right there there's
nothing really wrong with it on the
other side is real good it's just down
the middle you don't want to start
knocking dents down okay because we were
standing in all directions what we want
to do here put three more coats of
primer with a guide coat and we're going
to block lengthwise because we have an
issue right here we need to see exactly
what's going on so let's go ahead and do
that before we start knocking stuff down
and try to get get a better picture of
what's going
on in this area and how we're going to
fix it so I got in three more coats of
primer and another guide coat on it so
now we got to work the center right here
where we started finding the high spots
down the middle so we're gonna block
them like this now trying to find them
see what we have to repair fresh 80
block and real slow
okay so this is the second attempt to
block it out you can already see we're
making huge progress we're not going to
have to fill anything so far we're going
to roll the dice because I can still
feel the low spot in here but it's not
like a dent low spot you can see how
it's all blocking out go ahead and leave
it like that because that's how it came
from the factory there's no need to fill
a low place that's blocking out like
that that's why I was telling you about
running your hand just because you're
running in and you're feeling low place
doesn't necessarily mean you need to
fill it okay so I have the whole roof
sanded down and God is my witness I have
not put one bit of filler anywhere on
the top of this roof yet see why we were
sending it down you always want to
barely when you start seeing them but
basically that's telling me that the
high spot is just evened off perfect and
that's why I was trying to tell you to
block it out the best you can like this
and if we still have a problem area then
we go back with our fillers all this
right here feels person okay so that's
the whole point I'm trying to make in
this video to be patient before you
start throwing fillers on there okay so
this is our third attempt with three
coats of primer last time we reduced it
about 5% more this time we're going to
do it about 10% more and if that one
doesn't come out this time then we're
going to put a little bit of filler on
there and fix it but it should be issue
come out so this is a third attempt to
block it out I try to cut the top off
the guide coat off we don't have any low
places that we can go on to our final
sanding that you always start in the
problem areas
okay so everything is blocking out
exactly like we want it I don't even
remember where our little low place was
but I'm going to continue to block it
out until it all looks like that
they're probably into having to put some
more primer on it okay so this projects
already taking about 12 hours as for the
roof I need to go in and get some sealer
on it we can work the little stuff out
once we get the sealer on it but we need
to see if the so we need to see how the
tops going to look let us know we can go
on to the last quarter panel so by dry
block it with 320 the whole thing and
then soft lock of a 400 dry real good
and then wax and grease remover
well anyway I got it done I didn't spray
it too good a stuff just drives too fast
it has a medium reducer but it's still
like 90 degrees here in Houston Texas
and I'm gonna throw that piece of
spray gun in the trash anyway because I
got to paint this thing but even though
they didn't come out perfect like the
spray you could still see that the
bodywork came out perfect that's pretty
much all you're going to do just run a
light down like that
this was our problem area right there
follow the little light right here okay
just for people that don't know that
these parts already knew these were
going to come out perfect
anyway the roof was the hardest part of
this car so far took me about 15 hours
to do it
shortly after this I'm going to have a
video on what I do after the sealer I'm
going to show you how Sandi's pedals
down and get them even more perfect and
get them ready to paint that's about it
for this video the roof came out perfect
I'm real happy I was real worried about
doing it all I got left is this quarter
panel and power be ready for paint you
liked the video please subscribe thanks
for watching