all right in today's video Carla's going
to show us how to grill veggies that you
can go along with your meat and believe
it or not he's going to show us how to
grill a salad yes a salad
all right a lot of times when you think
about grilling immediately you think of
hamburger steaks barbecues smoking a
brisket pulled pork whatever a lot of
people forget about you can grill
vegetables and so what we've got here
we've got an assortment of different
vegetables we've got corn we've got
zucchini we've got onions and peppers
we've even got some romaine lettuce
we're going to show you how to grill
romaine lettuce so you can have a
grilled salad so the key here is
understanding if you want them all to
come off at the same time what takes
longer to cook onions take longer to
cook corn onions in corn are going to
take the longest to cook and the peppers
and then you've got the zucchini and the
green onions and the lettuce literally
take less than a minute so we're going
to start off we're going to put stuff on
the grill in stages and pull it off
hopefully all at the same time it'll be
ready okay we've got our grill set up
we're going to use a gas grill for this
one again
doesn't matter what grill you've got you
can do grab gas grill you can do
charcoal if you have a charcoal grill
and you want to grill veggies just set
your temperature up and usually a two or
three zone fire and there's a video on
that you can watch but vegetables
typically a lot of them work better over
a little bit heat not medium heat you
can see medium use that so the first
thing we're going to do the things that
take the longest we're going to put our
corn corn on the grill and we're going
to put our onions on the grill
then we're going to put our peppers and
we're going to save our zucchini for a
little bit later and then the lettuce
and the green onions would be very at
the very end which take just seconds to
cook okay we're going to put our
zucchini on our corn our onions and our
peppers they've been going about four or
five minutes put the zucchini on again
medium heat we Voyles them
we've salt and peppered most of our
vegetables put them down we're going to
get some good grill marks on there
caramelize the pepper and the salt
that's on there we don't want to be
careful not walk away too far always
check it we don't want it to burn then
here in just a few minutes we're going
to put our lettuce and onions on okay
it's been about another three or four
minutes we're going to check our
zucchini you can see we're getting some
good grill marks and again a lot of this
char there's an outer skin on peppers it
would just peel right off let's see what
we're out look at that perfect grill
marks turn it over we'll let the heat
just soften up a little bit so we're
almost done the corn you know when corns
them when it gets feet a little bit of
char on it but also when it turns a
brighter shade of yellow so then you
know it's starting to get done so right
about now we want to put our onions on
these are just regular green onions and
again make sure you turn them so they
don't fall through the grate we're just
going to put a little char on them and
then this is wrote romaine lettuce real
quick we are just going we're not going
to wilt it we're not going to do
anything like that we still want it to
be crisp we're putting it on cold right
out of the fridge and we don't want to
walk away we want to stay right here
check out your other vegetables but we
just want a little bit of char to get on
this lettuce and get on these onions and
even though it necessarily doesn't look
or have a lot of grill marks it is going
to have a distinct flavor that it's been
grilled alright most of our vegetables
are done our zucchini stem we can take
it off put it in our pan
and again if you want it's always
important when you take food off the
drill hit it with a little salt and
pepper if you want that's going to give
it a last little bit of seasoning for
any seasoning that maybe have popped off
on the grill we'll take our peppers off
our corn has some good char to it turn a
good bright yellow let's put that in
here take our green onions off see how
they're trying to brighter green set
them over here and I'll let us there's a
little bit of char on that lettuce we'll
take it off and there we go we'll chop
that up and have a great grilled green
salad so who says you can't eat healthy
on the grill