grab that and roll him back be sure
you're going at an angle here because if
you don't you're going to pin yourself
and that's not fun so you're just going
at the corner he don't want to get
pinned here he's got his shoulder up you
just make him pin
himself he just pull a little bit he'll
give up probably a guy with a little bit
a guy with a little bit of a uh
experience on you when you start to pull
he knows exactly what you're doing he's
going to let you pull until you pull
straight on top yourself he's going to
use that momentum against you there's a
there's a different way you can do
banana split like I don't know Aaron
talk to me he's like more fancier way
but I mean it's more of a risk if he's
not giving you the leg
you flip over one more time one more
time shoulder rolling right pretty much
going over I to me I like it CU more
momentum like cuz most of the time I've
tried like this I've never got it like
this so I mean I've never even really
got it so he's not if he's not letting
me have it
take sure rolling back into his body
remember his head sucking in underneath
the
body there's two ways to do the n split
Divine let Divine show the crucifix
Divine pin the guy who was a St
qualifier against evingham with this
move I don't know if you knew that I
didn't
know pretty good stuff pretty good stuff
you want me to shoot on you and then
from there or just I do I do I mean I
guess you do it anywhere that you can
control this leg um the biggest thing
for me is my hip um control my my leg
control I control the guy's arm um so
the way it was shown to me was you hey
you like this nice juicy leg here nice
leg you bait him with that leg um but I
don't like that cuz and then I got to
wait for Dustin to grab my leg what if
he doesn't want my leg so I use my leg
and I come and get this and the second
thing with the leg is when he grabs the
leg and pulls it you tend to be off
balance here and you're floundering here
and now you're on your hip and you're
trying to catch this top part here I'm
ahead of the game cuz I'm still on top
of them and I can let it go if I if I
need
to which I usually don't need to
um but I get this I get this arm and I'm
controlling my legs I have my hip my
knees on the ground I have his arm out
I'm like pinching his elbow back here um
my other hand this is going to do the
power half so um Bland shut it with the
elbow on the head I do it half and then
I put my hand on top of my hand that's
doing the half and then I'm shoving his
head straight to the wall behind him
straight between his knees and getting
them over from here I'm going to B I'm
going to chest out whenever he starts to
go over and roll out and then U an extra
added thing if I can't get his knees
down I'll walk my hips over and I'll
grab his hand that's on the bottom and
then I can start to move my hip to pin
that shoulder down so I'll move my hip
to bring his hand around I can pin his
hand down and then my other hands on the
back of his head keep his head elevated
and my elbows pinning his other shoulder
down and then I got my hip on this
shoulder I got his shoulders pin down
and his head's up I can promise that
does not feel good at
all so and like Dustin said you could do
it when the guy goes in to shoot on
you you just swall back and continue to
trap that arm anytime that you can get
the that arm back and then you're
sprawling on his
shoulder and then start throwing in
that um Power half and then like I said
chest out belly down I'm using my hips
to control that bottom arm walk with
that arm and pin that over here that'll
Elevate his um hips and pin his
shoulders that's kind of how I do it
like I said so like the shot the guy's
already shooting so he's already
grabbing your leg but from the referees
Dustin showed it to me and he said yeah
just dangle that leg but I didn't like
this cuz like I said now you're here
you're trying to catch it and then I
feel like here I'm facing him too much
so my um chest is out and that gives him
more room to turn but I like doing it
how I do it with my chest staying on
them and then I'm up on top of them
power h b and then I go belly out keep
that head control back there lock that
up and then I walk and pin that on
keeping as much pressure as possible
guys he don't even like glue there's no
space at all but I um I also have good
um hip leg awareness so it's a lot of
hip
movement close calls where the GU
pulling out I'm hipping and laying so
it's just that leg awareness that helps
me a lot