how you doing everyone it's cabin I'm
back with another video this is an old
drawer cabinet drawer that come off one
of my friend's kitchen cabinets and it's
made from that pressed wood and what
happened to this door here is I'm sure
that somebody had slammed it too hard
and pulled the front off of it and as
you can see it's it's pretty well messed
up but we're going to try to fix it for
now this is probably one of the hardest
types of wood to fix because it is
pressed wood if it was regular hard wood
solid wood it would be different it'd be
much easier to fix but this whole entire
thing is basically pressed wood and what
we need to do is put the front back on
it and try to reinforce it so maybe it
won't come off again you never no
guarantees with this pressed wood
because it's so brittle so I'll show you
what I'm gonna be doing here and
basically how I'm going to fix it well
as you can see this thing has really
it's pulled out all the wood here and
down around the edge we're gonna try to
clean it up a little bit this little
groove just a little bit of it's left in
here and we're gonna pull the nails out
of this you can see well actually it's
not even those staples we're gonna try
to get all the staples out of it and
then we're gonna brush them off clean
them up a little bit and then we're
gonna put some glue on there and then
we're gonna just Reno it and then I may
try to put a board around the inside of
this and glue it and now it in so
hopefully it will hold better to where
it's thicker wood back in here so right
now I'm gonna go ahead and start getting
this those staples out of there you see
the staples right there those are the
staples I need to get out you can see
them right through here so we're going
to pull all them out
so way I'm gonna get these out so I'm
just gonna tap them down through and
hopefully it won't break this off then
we're gonna do just a regular pair of
pliers and pull them back out that way
we get all these staples out of there
just want to be easy with this edge we
don't want to break it anymore there's
not much air to work with now so no
right or wrong I'm not sure but I was
gonna chip that glue off of there and
what woods attached to there but I
figured what I do is go down through
here and make sure there's no work it's
actually peeling apart and if it was I
take it off a tear because I'm gonna try
to get as much wood in there as I
possibly can and then we're gonna put
liquid nail on this whole length so what
I did is I took my wire brush and I was
trying to get anything that was loose
doesn't flake off of that wood so that'd
be clean the same way with this down
here just whatever will flake off to it
now I would imagine some people are
probably gonna say you should take that
off but it's really stuck good on there
why should I take it off and it's gonna
fill the gap so I figured why not just
leave it on there and and glue over this
and then put it back on as long as it's
not loose it should stick I'll do that
the same way with the the door part of
it too
all right what'll it do now is I'm gonna
take an air compressor and try to blow
out all the little cracks and stuff that
are in here so there's no dust no dust
or anything in here so we get a good
bond with that glue
we're going to do the same thing around
the door things get everything out of
the crack
[Music]
so now any loose debris that was on
there and we took the wire brush and
scraped it off with a wire brush now we
took the air down and blew out any other
little particles we couldn't get out of
there
so hopefully we could get a good bond on
this thing all right so now we're gonna
start putting the liquid nail on here to
see if we can get this to hold together
I'm gonna put it on this face of this -
no that's not where they had it glued
before because that went up against this
part here but we don't really care we
just want to get as much glue as we can
to stick to this thing because be honest
with you this is some hard stuff to
actually get to stick together anyhow so
we're just gonna do our best and we're
gonna get us some liquid now on here
we're gonna do the best that we can
and if we got a little too much on there
what we're gonna do is if you're just
gonna wipe it off we're gonna get it
nailed together and we're gonna we're
gonna clamp it and then we'll see what
happens
okay we're gonna get this guy put
together stick our top up on there I
probably should put some liquid nail on
the other side - that's what I'm gonna
do okay now that we got all of our
liquid nil on there we're gonna go ahead
and place this guy I wanna talk
see if we can get it to sit right back
in there in the same spot that was
before
[Music]
okay we got it back in there now I'm
going to throw a couple clamps on this
guy to hold it in place
[Music]
[Music]
now we've got it all set up pretty nice
and glued back in its same spot we're
gonna let this thing set up a little bit
probably throw a few little nails in
there looking good there's the inside
you can see we got a lot of glue in
there nope we're gonna need a lot of
glue to keep this thing together all
right I'm just gonna go ahead I've got
it all clamped together we're gonna go
ahead and wipe the excess glue off of it
and then we're gonna take some frat or
some little Brad nails I got a little
nail gun there we're gonna nail this guy
together we're gonna wipe all the excess
glue off all right now what I'm gonna do
is just take the brad nailer and I'm
going to put some Brad nails in here and
we're still gonna let this thing set up
we'll do both sides exactly like that
and a little bit on the bottom okay we
got this thing it's been clamped up and
sitting for a little while it's not dry
yet but I'm gonna go ahead and put some
blocks of wood in here on the inside of
this shelf we're gonna put one on each
side one on the bottom and one over here
and hopefully that's going to stir this
up a little bit better we're going to
take some liquid nail is that named
video yeah we're gonna take some liquid
nail go ahead and liquid now this guy in
here now we're not looking for pretty
we're just looking for it to work
because uh
just think before it didn't even work so
we're going to go ahead and they'll want
a guy into place then we're gonna do the
same thing for the two sides now this
one we can help from the side too well
that's about all I could do for this
drawer the best advice I could give you
guys is when you're buying your cabinets
try to make sure they're real wood and
they're not chipboard because this chip
board seems to if you slam your door if
you slam it and it's got a lot of stuff
in there to watch them knock the front
of them off and so you're better off if
you could try to get yourself some real
wood instead of the chipped paint I'd
like to tell you guys thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe leave
me thumbs up thumbs down or comment if
you'd like till next time