hello I'm Debbie from so so easy and
today we're going to have a look at how
you can sew on a button with your sewing
machine now I am not a big fan of hand
sewing at all so if anytime I can use
the sew machine instead of hand
stitching I will be very happy so there
are a couple of things you'll need
obviously your buttons these buttons
have holes that run in opposite
direction so um straight across like
this and you can sew buttons with either
two or four holes my machine also comes
with this funny looking foot this is my
foot for holding on to the buttons while
I sew you may not have one of these and
if you don't don't worry because all you
need is once you've decided where your
button is going to go you just use some
sticky tape use some clear tape over the
top and that will hold the button in
place while you're sewing so don't worry
if you don't have one of those little
feet
now what we do need to talk about is the
type of Stitch we're going to use to sew
the button and we'll need a stitch which
goes backwards and forwards so that will
be our zigzag Stitch uh we will set the
Stitch width in a minute to the amount
of um the width between the two holes
but in terms of our Stitch length we
need the length to be zero and you can
do that in two ways my machine actually
has a setting and I will set it now and
I can set my Stitch length to zero you
also make may be able to change your
feed dogs if I
take that one out of the way and zoom
in you see these little ribs here these
are the feed dogs and as you Stitch
these go backwards and forwards and they
move your fabric towards the back of the
machine now my machine also has an
option to drop these feed dogs down so
that they aren't moving the fabric so
you may be able to do that too but with
my Stitch length set at zero I don't
need to so so if I add on my button foot
now there we are that's that in place
I'm just going to pop my little scrap of
fabric underneath and pop my button in
place and I want to line up so the holes
for the buttons are equal between those
two little prongs that I've got at the
front if you're just using tape you
don't have to worry and I'm going to
drop my foot down now we need to
carefully set the width for um the the
movement between the two stitches and
the easiest way to do this is to do it
by hand so I'm going to let's say I set
mine at three and as I move my needle
down I can see whereabouts it's going to
fall so if
I adjust that so it fits nicely within
the first hole and now I'll move the
main needle up and down again and see
where it falls it doesn't quite reach
the next hole so I need to make my
Stitch length a little longer okay and
now it fits let's go up and down again
just manually and see how it's
working that's beautiful so I now know
that I need to set my Stitch length at
zero and for these buttons my Stitch
width is four so I've got my machine set
to the slowest setting and if I just
press with my foot pedal
I can do I don't know should we say 10
stitches backwards and forwards and
that's going to hold my button in
place lift up my needle ift my presser
foot and if I move this out snip those
threads now if we have a look at the
back you can see just here this is the
last thread and if I pull that one up
it's hard to see a little bit because
the thread is dark but it creates a
little Loop
and if I put my seam ripper in this
little
loop I can pull on this and it pulls the
thread through from the front so this is
the thread that we started with I can
cut that one off that's not a
problem and the thread that we ended up
with is now on the back and I can just
tie these threads together and that's
going to make my button nice and secure
so I will tie those and cut them off
and now I know the settings I need for
this button so I can just go on straight
away and sew the other one really
quickly I'm just going to pop it under
the presser foot check manually that the
needle fall is in the right place and
once I'm
happy I can go backwards and
forwards and the needle Falls nicely
between these two holes and it now sews
the button carefully in place
I take that out I can snip these
threads and I'll pull through again to
the back and just knot those and my
buttons will be sewn on quickly easily
and they're really secure as well much
more so than if I did it by hand thank
you very much for watching do check out
the so so easy YouTube channel in case
you find any other useful sewing
tutorials on there thanks very much
a