good afternoon it's a pleasure again and
coming to share some of our thoughts and
Strether was sharing that we really
don't spend that quality time with
ourselves no when we come in an event
like this we have such a fortune to meet
so many people and they immediately say
hello to each one share some of our
thoughts ideas and feel that happiness
by talking to each other but throughout
the day it's a very beautiful thought
which we need to ask herself that how
many moments do I feel happy talking to
myself how many moments do I take that
opportunity to be with myself
we always removed time for someone who
is important for us you know and
whenever there's someone with us whom we
really love time is timeless no we
really don't know we don't keep track of
time but throughout the day whenever we
are in moments of silence do we enjoy
being with ourself or as soon as there
is a moment of silence I keep searching
what should I do
I'm feeling lonely so we find that most
of the time we realize that we really
don't love ourselves as we are and
that's why we're not able to enjoy
spending that quality time being with
ourselves talking to us self loving
ourselves as we are being happy with
ourselves as we are we find that if we
can ask ourselves this question do I
live for being happy I'm trying to do
everything every day maybe talking to
people maybe going out for a movie
spending time with my friends spending
time with my family doing so many things
around so many creative things around to
be happy but the other question is do I
live with happiness
am I going out with my friends am i
talking to my family my spending time
doing everything being happy with
happiness because I'm able to do
everything with happiness I create that
happiness wherever I am but if I'm just
looking out for happiness every time and
we find that sometimes I find it but
it's just temporary but how do I do
everything with happen
how do I enjoy being with myself how do
I enjoy that quality time with myself
first of all I need to look within and
recognize myself as a spiritual being
with so much of beauty within as we say
that God made man in his own image so
the divine the supreme has given us so
many beautiful virtues all of us each
one of us sitting here is so wonderful
so beautiful
and so great from within but we should
have that vision to look us it at
ourself with that beauty with that
greatness there's a small little story
which I would like to share with you
it's the story of a dewdrop which
inspired me and this is a story so this
dewdrop can speak and so one day this
dew drop fell on a tree and because the
sun was shining it was morning time it
was so beautiful it was looking like a
beautiful diamond sparkling and then it
began its journey down down the tree
down the hill and as it started
exploring the environment around it got
so attracted attracted by this beautiful
color of flowers around and some of
these flowers were very beautifully pink
and so it went up to one flower now
because it's a story that you drop can
speak and so it went to the flower and
said oh you're so beautiful this color
is so wonderful can you give me a little
bit of your color and so the flower said
well surely I'll give you my color but I
need something she said well I'll give
you my freshness and so there was an
exchange color came in freshness went
out and then the journey continued there
was a back of wood sandalwood
there was so wonderful the beautiful
fragrance and again the dew drop had it
exchange fragrance came in and purity
freshness went out and by the time the
stories that you know down journey till
the end of the hill it realized that
it's lost its beauty it's no longer that
pure you drop it's more like a muddy
drop of autumn and then it started
looking at itself I said well I'm not so
good I'm so heavy have so much waste
with me I'm not so good and then both
belong feeling so frustrated feeling so
unhappy
being itself until again something very
beautiful got its attention and this was
a very beautiful diamond but
coincidentally this time it was also
sparkling on a tree and actually that
was also a beautiful to draw and this
muddy drop of water started speaking to
this do drop and said oh you're so
beautiful you're so wonderful you're so
shining you're so unique oh I wish I
could be like you and that you drop said
well actually you're like me and this
one said no I have a muddy drop of water
I'm so dirty and full of mud and that
two drops it will match actually you're
wrong you're like me it's just in the
journey of life you've taken things
which actually you didn't really need
and so you have lost your own purity
your own freshness and because it's a
story this muddy drop of water realized
and it went back and started giving away
whatever it didn't need and it came back
into its original purity divinity and
freshness well isn't the story us and we
also a very pure very divine spark of
energy who's a child of the supreme who
holds all the beauty which you look upon
God for he's the source of all that
beauty those virtues those values but we
are also embodiment we are also ones who
are having those virtues within us so
it's time that we start now looking at
ourselves with that vision that we are
also very beautiful each one of us and
so then I will be able to spend that
little time with myself creating those
little drops of time throughout the day
to spend time with myself talking to
myself being happy with myself enjoying
being myself as soon as I enjoy being
myself then everything becomes very easy
and I will be able to do everything with
that sense of joy and enthusiasm so I
stopped looking about here and there for
waiting for some things to happen to
make me happy to make me feel spirited
to make me feel enthusiastic but every
moment I enjoy when
but people I enjoy but I remembered
myself also
I stopped to myself I keep encouraging
myself I keep not cheering that
experience of joy then of being myself I
keep nurturing myself but many times
when we meet people and someone is not
feeling so well it's not in a good mood
what happens it's very close friend I
remove some time to talk to that person
why because I feel responsible to bring
that person back in a happy state of
mind so even in my position you will I
try to message I try to talk to that
person and I say something by which that
person feels good about himself yes we
all do that but can't be responsible to
keep myself also happy to keep passive
also in the best state of mind in that
state of energy and enthusiasm
throughout the day so we need to talk to
herself say hello to our self and
whenever we find that we are not feeling
so good we are feeling a little
disturbed within a little up swings are
there of a mood or maybe we are not
feeling good as we what's happening
around us about maybe what someone said
or maybe something which is going to
happen every time you have that
realization that I'm not feeling so good
I need to take responsibility to make
myself feel better I need to spend that
little time that a little moment talking
to myself in such a way that I can
strengthen myself I can empower myself
and there we find the one support it was
always available to us as the supreme my
best friend was that unconditional
source of love enthusiasm was that
unconditional source of forgiveness so
whenever I'm able to connect with him
and talk to myself then I can bring back
myself in that state of joy and
enthusiasm again but being with myself
is something is so important and being
aware of what I am feeling so as soon as
you realize that there's something which
you can improve add value you can bring
back yourself in that state of joy and
enthusiasm so now from today onwards you
can promise you
sell that we'll take out those little
drops of time take out that little time
to talk to yourself to become aware of
how you're feeling and when we think
about ourselves I am very good as I am
yes we are always in a journey but I can
become better where I can add value but
I am very beautiful as I am because the
supreme has chosen me whichever role I
am playing some very good as I am very
beautiful as I am surely in my journey
of life I've acquired some things which
are not so useful which are not so good
but that's fine I can take that timeout
with myself and sustain that beauty
allow the waist to move away a very
inspiring story about Michelangelo once
someone was praising him again and again
appreciating what he has done in
sculpture and he said something very
simple or very deep is that well
actually I don't create anything the
beauty is in the stone what I do is I
just remove the waste and so meditation
is a tool to do the same thing
meditation allows us to see the beauty
within Raduga allows us to see our own
inner beauty that inner peace and inner
unconditional love which we have for
everyone and as soon as I am able to see
that inner beauty within then removing
the waste becomes so easy as soon as I'm
able to bring that light with it then
darkness moves away so easily so we need
to spend a little time yes so become
good friends with ourselves because as
we see we spend time with only those
people who me really love no will give
priority to them some some maybe remove
and create that time so if I say that no
I'm so busy there's so many other things
it's so difficult I understand this but
I really can't remove time it's like
saying to myself that I don't like
spending time with myself it's like
saying that I don't like my company it's
like not being good friends with myself
so from now on I have to be my own good
friend I have to spend that little time
with my
learn this little tool of being able to
enjoy and see my own world choose and
qualities seeing that best within me
then automatically we find that when we
connect to the source of wisdom the
source of unconditional love and
forgiveness the supreme helps us to
remove that ways that's fine that's very
easy you bring light darkness will
automatically go away it's not difficult
at all but bringing light allowing
myself to see myself with that light of
love of happiness is so important and as
soon as I enjoy being with myself and
enjoy being myself what happens I enjoy
doing everything so from now on it's
that I will not only live my life for
happiness but I will live my life with
happiness spend every time every moment
enjoying some of those moments in my
life will be very challenging will be
very stressful and yet in those moments
what I have to do is to be able to see
what good what values what capabilities
is this challenging situation straining
in myself
what is that inner strength which I am
gathering because of the situation
because we know that every difficult
situation is strengthening me from
within so we find that as soon as I see
it with this perspective I am able to be
happy I'm able to be open to every
situation but surely there are times
when these aspects whatever this
understanding is it doesn't emerge I
don't feel that sense of strength from
within that's a time that I need to
spend a little moment to talk to the
divine to talk to the supreme to gather
the strength to recharge