I'm Elizabeth High schol the deiton
farmer and honey when we are covered up
with ochre on the farm I can tell you we
are in our kitchen putting it up today
I'm going to share with you um how easy
canning is we're going to start with our
canning liquid so we have eight cups of
cider vinegar one cup of water and then
a half a cup of salt so we're going to
bring this to a bowl and then we're
going to move over to our jars so we
have our hot jars these have been
sterilized so you want to be careful
make sure sure you use a rag when you're
getting ready to um to stuff your jars
we're going to do one teaspoon of
mustard seeds one teaspoon of Dill seeds
we're also going to throw in a clove of
garlic now with this you want to make
sure that you poach it in just a little
bit of simmering water what that's going
to do is stop it from oxidizing once we
add our vinegar now when we start
packing these this okra in you want to
make sure that you pack it as tight as a
Tent Revival people in a Tent Revival is
what I'm talking about we're going to do
some that will have the stems up some
that will have the tips up just to make
sure that it's very very snug once it's
all packed in it's time to put our hot
pickling liquid in now again be careful
we've got hot
liquids and we don't want to burn
ourselves now you want to take it up
just to the
rim of this jar and so that's absolutely
perfect you have to make sure that all
of our okra is submerged so you want to
make sure that this lid is snugly on you
don't have to do it really really tight
because that's what this boiling water
is for but you do want to make sure it's
snug so then you can take it here and
it's going to go straight into our
boiling water and what that will do is
it's going to finish the processing now
what you want to do after you add your
jars in you need to make sure that you
let it boil for at least 10 minutes so
wait for the water to come back to a
boil and then let it process for 10
minutes that's really really important
to make sure that we get a good seal so
now now that this has been about 10
minutes it's time to bring it out and
then we want to invert it just to make
sure that we get a really good seal so
we're going to leave this on our counter
for 24 hours and what you want to do is
make sure that the next morning that
this lid doesn't pop when you touch it
if it's popped then it didn't process
and um you could always put it in the
refrigerator but it's not going to be
something that you're going to be able
to put on your shelves so this is one of
our jars that we did last summer so we
can go ahead and test it it's not
popping it's absolutely perfect cannot
wait oh yeah did y'all just hear that
that was that was perfect that's what
you want to hear every single time that
you open a jar of
pickles honey I am right back in summer
that's absolutely amazing
[Music]