I'm Karen Johnson today I'm here with
Deb to help demonstrate the yo-yo maker
this is a faster method using a little
contraption made by clover and it's a
little bit faster actually a lot faster
than making its traditional way so Deb
is going to demonstrate go ahead Deb
okay first of all I went to take a
square fabric a little bit larger than
your desk place it with the right side
of the fabric down into the desk and
then you need to line up the little
markings on this piece with the knobs on
the back okay so I noticed that you
didn't pre-cut your circles you just zip
out a square and start okay and snap it
in then I will trim it down to just
about a quarter inch from here okay like
so all the way around all the way around
I'll have Deb trim that will come right
back okay so it's all trimmed up and now
Deb's ready to use a needle and thread
so what kind of thread are you using
this is a 40 weight quilting thread and
I like it because it's nice and strong
so that when I'm done with this and pull
it out together it's not going to break
on me if so you could use a poly or a
30-weight but probably not your basic
sewing thread because it needs to be a
little bit tougher right okay okay go
ahead and I've cut quite a long piece of
thread and I've left a tail and I
started my first stitch geillis in here
see the dots let me see the other side
okay so you took one stitch and you can
see point to it yet there's one stitch
go ahead and take the next one now on so
I've come through the end on the back
and you're wanting to hold your excess
fabric down and bring it back up through
to the front it's kind of like a running
stitch except that you're using the
holes that have been pre-drilled that's
correct it's just a nice little guide to
keep your stitches even making sure that
it's bright through so just do that all
the way around all the way around I
noticed you left a tail is there a tail
hanging out there yeah there
yes there's a tail and you can nod it or
not but you need to make sure that
there's enough hanging out there so that
doesn't pull through is that correct
okay well let's go ahead and finish
stitching that we'll come back in a
minute okay so it's all stitched up
showing you the backside now you can see
that there's a little running stitch all
the way around and when Deb got to the
very end she went over the first stitch
once so now we've got the original tail
hanging out and the thread that she's
not yet clipped off and I'll just show
you the other side real quickly you can
see that she's just gone in and out of
every hole kind of a stitch by number
but without the numbers okay so now Deb
is ready to do the magic
so would you start by clipping your
thread okay yes I'm going to cut an
excess length from my needle so as I
said as long as they're two long tails
yeah and then I'm gonna through this
hole on the back side and I'm going to
pop the disc out just comes right at us
comes right out so you don't need that
anymore
and then gently just kind of pull back
the edge and pop the center out oh so
the stitches didn't attach to anything
else they went right into these little
notches see okay so now all the plastic
is gone and you have what I like is
covering and this is what you have okay
so now I'm going to gently pull and
like those little gathers come up evenly
as I can mm-hmm so it takes a little bit
of skill and practice just so you don't
yank get it all once you going to go a
little bit all the way around I've got
both tails actually right now just kind
of easing in both sides as I go try it
from a different angle here for a second
okay see the magic happening and this is
the point where you need the strong
thread because I've made these before
with not so strong thread and it's
broken
the whole process over so let me just
get real close looks like you just you
gathered until it was you couldn't
gather any more till all the little ends
touch and that's the yo-yo right right
so any finishing tips now at this point
as tight as you can make it and then
going to tie my thread ends just tie
them to each other yes and very snugly I
assume yes I need a finger that would
help
look it snapped up in a stain it looks
like it stayed too hard so sorry wait
through what you're saying so at this
point then and then I would just um use
my scissor point here just to kind of go
to tuck that in just check the little
thread and in okay
and that's actually a little bit longer
than it needs to be but just tuck it out
of the way okay cool so here's the
finished yoyo this is the front side Deb
if you can flip it over enough the back
side