hey guys Chris yeah kerubim pod com
welcome to my kitchen once again it's a
beautiful Saturday afternoon and I'm
making let me give you guys a peek of
what I'm doing here this is coconut
sugar cake that I'm making it's almost
at the point where it's almost done here
it's gotta give it a couple more minutes
and then spoon it on to a baking sheet
or something for it to set thanks for
your support guys remember before we get
going above me Clips click on subscribe
that's where you're going to get all the
latest videos sent directly to you below
is where you're going to leave me your
comments and do remember to give the
video a thumbs up or like it so the only
way this video is going to go viral
people I appreciate when you guys do
that so today we're making coconut sugar
cake it's very sweet because we're using
a lot of sugar in this however the
flavors from the coconut from the Bayley
from the ginger from the mixed essence
all ingredients I'm sure you have in
your kitchen is going to make this an
amazing treat for yourself and the kids
here we go guys coconut sugar cake one
more shot at it so let's quickly run
through the ingredients here for making
this coconut sugar cake and heat in this
bowl here I've got a couple cups of
sugar here I've got a nice piece of
ginger we're going to use a nice thick
piece maybe about I don't maybe have a
quarter of an inch thick for flavoring
it we've got here a couple bay leaves
something that's totally optional some
red food coloring probably a couple
drops of this I'm going to need it is
optional it is going to you can do this
without the food coloring you're just
going to have white sugar cakes but
again it is something I like using a
little bit of color to this if you want
to use if you want to make it festive
obviously you can use different colors
as you see fit something again totally
optional I've got some mixed essence
here and all it is it's a it's a sort of
a flavoring you get down in the
Carribean totally optional you'll need
maybe quarter teaspoon of that and here
of that two cups of
designated unsweetened coconut lovely
nice and dry and ready to go and finally
in this cup on the far side here to this
measuring cup I've got one and a half
cups of water and we're going to use
that water to make the syrup for the
sugar cake and the reason why I'm using
so much water is because I really want
to boil the syrup with the bay leaf as
well as the ginger for a bit to release
those flavors so I can extract those two
things before we actually add the
coconut to it so here it goes guys
coconut sugar cakes so I have a fairly
deep saucepan here on a medium-high heat
and all I'm going to do the first thing
we're going to do is create the syrup
for making this sugar cakes are we gonna
do is dumping that sugar in there the
sliced nice thick slice of ginger as you
can see it smells absolutely lovely
I just love the smell of ginger and by
the way if ever you're going on the
cruise and you know you get motion
sickness take some ginger or buy some
ginger pills it works great for motion
sickness and a couple cloves off so
sorry
the cup of bay leaves now I'm going to
add the one and a half cups of water to
that
and I'm going to start stirring this
what you want to do we want that sugar
to melt and we want to create a nice
thick syrup it took about three to four
minutes fit to come up to a boil like
this as you can see there's big bubbles
happening here we've got the bay leaf
the ginger is just below that we're just
trying to get all those flavors out of
the ginger and the B leave pretty soon
we're going to take that out but at this
point I'm going to hit it maybe about a
quarter teaspoon of that mixed essence
that I showed you guys earlier just for
a little extra kick of flavor I'm going
to keep stirring this until it's nice
and thick I'll let you guys know exactly
how long it took as we go along the
sugar syrup here has been going now for
about anywhere from five to seven
minutes on that rigorous boil that
you're seeing what I'm going to do now
is is remove the the bay leaves some
recipes may call for leaving the bay
leaves in there but first you may have
to crush it all up but I like removing
the bay leaf as well as the ginger I'm
going to remove that out of the pot now
and what we're going to do is add the
designated coconut to the mixture and
start stirring that thing like crazy
we're going to bring this back up to a
boil and allow it to simmer for a few
minutes it started to boil it's starting
to get thick now so what I'm going to do
is add a couple drops of the the red
food coloring to the mixture here so it
looks like the store I'm adding about
four drops of that food coloring in here
and you really want to stir this to make
sure that food coloring gets blended
throughout the entire mixture as we cook
it it's been cooking now for about five
to seven
minutes on that medium-high heat since
we added the sugar add the coconut the
shredded the designated coconut to this
so it's nice and thick now it's to the
point where there's hardly any liquid on
the bottom there so what we want to do
it's separating from the side quite
nicely so that's an indication once it
starts giving away from the side of the
pot like that it means it's ready to the
next step is to actually prepare this
for it to set now if you have a tray and
you want to set and spread it out maybe
a lot of intro too thick and then slice
it into cubes when it sets that I'm
going to be perfect however what we
going to do today is just spoon it and
what I have here is a parchment lined
cookie sheet and all I'm going to do is
grab spoonfuls from there and place it
on to this cookie sheet here and all
we're doing by the way I just turn the
stove off if you're wondering and I'm
taking a nice big lump of it on there
there we go another one and because of
the syrup and everything you made from
the sugar I was used in this it's going
to be nice and sticky and firm once it
sets I'm just going to go ahead guys and
keep doing this perform nice sugar cakes
I've gone ahead now guys and I've poured
them with the spoon using the spoon here
and I've made some little piles little
heaps all over this lined cookie sheet
here and I'm going to give this some
time to set to harden to get nice and
firm the syrup that Mimi that using the
sugar will allow it to happen this thing
is amazing to smell in the house here I
it is amazing the mixed essence the
coconut the ginger the bay leaf
everything has infused and formed a
wonderful tasty treat here the kids will
love this but remember guys is a
kind of sugar in here so you may want to
hold it back on the kids a few hours
before bed at least because you know
they get that sugar rush what happens
coconut sugar cake here guys I hope you
guys give it a try Chris yay Caribbean
pop calm thanks again for joining me in
my kitchen I just love having you guys
over remember click on subscribe above
and leave me your comments below have a
great evening guys