hi my name is Victor from Victor's food
and I'm going to teach you to know I
helped to flambe flambe is a French word
which means to flame and the reason
chefs do this is because they want to
create dramatic effect a little bit of
theater and they also want to infuse the
dish with some great flavor
whatever liqueur they're using usually
when we flambe we use 80-proof alcohol
if you use 120 proof it could be a bit
dangerous so I would not consider doing
that in order to flambe it's quite
simple you want to take your pan get
your key quite hot when you're adding
your ingredients and you want to step
away from the flame and keep your arm
fairly straight you will then take your
alcohol pour it into the pan and then
pick up the flame as so with your
gimmick quickly flatten out the pan and
then shake shake shake shake and get the
money shot from your friends so tonight
we're going to flambe some prawns some
tequila some jalapenos
I'm getting my pan nice and hot I'm
going to add a little bit of olive oil
to the pan to warm it bring that up to
temperature just a little bit and then
I'm going to add some fresh jalapenos
infuse the oil but somehow opinions
we're going to then take some fresh
prawns add them into our oil put a
little bit of student give that little
pot a little bit of garlic finish now
remember what I told you set that arm
straight add a little bit of tequila
your friends will be impressed and
that's how you fall bad thanks for
joining us I hope to see you soon for a
little bottle