[Music]
when I cut it in half you see there's
this hard stem part well I just take the
knife and make Cuts around it and then I
can just pull that off toss that away
and then I'm going to turn this over cut
in half again and then shred
it so as you can see the shreds are
about a/4 inch here and uh pretty much
that's all how I I cook it and uh
prepare it my thing goes from zero to 10
10 being high I have it on about four to
do what I'm doing I'm going to add about
4
tablespoon of olive oil into the skillet
and because I cook I pretty much know
what four tablespoons of olive oil is
about and then I just start adding the
Cabbage just by itself you that
beautiful cabbage color there next I
drizzle just a tad bit of olive oil
across the top and then we're going to
take some sea salt and I'm going to do
about three good shakes one 2 3 and
that's all the salt that you need you
don't need a lot of salt so now it's
cooking down at the bottom and you're
just going to start moving things around
and stirring it up pretty good
everything is all good and uh coated
well with the olive
oil okay so I have been stirring this
now
for about 5 minutes and I like mine to
still have a little bite to it I don't
like it to be you know soggy like
cabbage that your mom cooked down with
some ham hops
or and you know whatnot so I am going to
say that now it's ready for me and uh if
you can look and see here's one see how
it got a little limp
there yeah
that's really good and it still has a
nice little bite to it and I have to
tell you the flavor is just really
really good to me it's like you know
really rich it's a rich vegetable I mean
as we all know vegetables with you know
deep color are the ones that the doctor
say are the best for us purple cabbage
hey it's purple I mean you can't get any
darker than uh eggplants Maybe
and uh we eat on this like all week you
get a scoop of this with some other
vegetables and I mean it's really
healthy delicious and really quick it
took me what 3 minutes of prep time and
then 5 minutes of cook time and voila I
got a really great vegetable that um we
really like and it's going to last us
all week so just wanted to share that
with you I know a lot of you are looking
for some really good ideas for different
types of vegetables that you can
incorporate in into your meals and I
also know that as working mothers and
people who have demanding careers you're
also looking for something that's quick
and easy as well as being healthy uh
this was an organic cabbage I think it
cost me 79 cents a pound at the Amish
market and um we will probably get three
Ser three or four servings each out of
this so there's about eight servings
right there um okay I hope you try it
and if you do let me know how you liked
it because you know know I'd be liking
to you know know what people got to say
about you
know you know girl all right
[Music]