Oh see you there was just trying to be
like spider-man I'm on your police
station what's going on guys welcome to
rig a today's video I want to talk about
how I made this cable pulley machine and
for those of you who were doing
calisthenics you're probably wondering
why is this video important to me well
I'm going to tell you this piece of
equipment is not going to be for my main
exercises it's usually going to be for
prehab or rehab mobility all of that
good stuff
so this machine is good to warm up your
triceps with some tricep extensions to
get some good external rotation with
some face pulls this is why I'm going to
use this one also for the regular bicep
and tricep extensions all that good
stuff but not for me exercises enough me
talking let me show you his features and
then we're going right into the build
for those of you who saw the reverse
hyper machine I made it a little bit
shorter and smaller so it takes less
space but that's not what the video is
all about this is just a side note but
this cable pulley machine is both for
pulling from above as well as pulling
from below the great thing about this is
you have the bigger exercise selection
if you can pull from both sides
obviously you can't do both
simultaneously you can switch it up by
just doing like this so this thing is
ready for some place you just take your
weight whatever you want I'm going to
use a 15 kilo just for demonstration
purposes and then you look at that ass
then you just slap it on there boom you
have your weights you have your place
you go and your room so this is how it
goes it also has some nice other
features that you can hang your
attachments to I didn't make these ones
myself
they're just bought on a fitness and
salary website so that's about the
features quick recap
it can hang the attachments you have
pulling from both point from below and
it's plates loaded alg builds the first
thing that you have to look for when
you're building this is that this has to
be high enough so you can put your
biggest place on there
my biggest plate is a 45 centimeter
diameter plate so that means that
underneath here this part I'm going to
have at least 20 centimeters so I went
with 21 centimeters so have enough space
here so you can see my biggest plate it
goes on there and it has a little room
underneath there so this is one piece
unfortunately I didn't have this part on
camera but I can really quickly show you
how I made this basically what I did was
I took a piece of wood it was about
three meters long the width is about 140
millimeters and the thickness is 18
millimeters thick okay so what I did was
I cut this up in equal lengths of 20 20
centimeters I was lucky enough to borrow
a table saw to do this because having
something to do like this by hand is a
very difficult task now I did this one
cut this one up and would each and every
piece what I did was I found the center
of it and then I drilled two holes that
were symmetrically along this line and
they were 44 millimeters wide in
diameter
now this the middle of these two is
about 10 cent as 10 centimeters for a
hundred millimeters
apart so that's basically how I made
this one and that is just rinse and
repeat make as lot of these as until you
get to your height so the reason I make
these holes is so that the guiding post
can go right through them and can guide
the block as it goes up and down when
you're using the cable pulley also for
some of the blocks I drilled a hole in
the middle so I can so I can attach a
ring to it so to attach the ring to the
block I just threaded it in using your
threads on the ring itself it's a very
long piece so there will be enough
support eventually I just added a washer
and a nut to the bottom side so
everything was attached to securely then
we're going on to the part where the
plates are going to be and just do some
clamps to clamp them in place then I
pre-drilled the holes which is very
necessary in everything that I did here
if I didn't pre-drill the wood would
crack and it would split and the
integrity of the wood would suffer so
everything you see here is pre-drilled
so I pre-drilled here and I've put some
screws of 15 centimeters in there just
to be sure that the weight is not going
to pull the supporting beams out of
there because the screws were so long I
had to use a wrench to just make sure
that the final threads were going in
there and then it's done for the piece
that going underneath the weight
carrying block I'm going to use a piece
of rubber this thing is just going to be
on the ground and it's also made with
two holes where the posts are going in
to and then we're going to use some
rubber flooring I just used rubber
flooring I had left over from the gym
and you can use literally any rubber
flooring just to dampening when your
weights go down then it's not wood on
wood so I use rubber I drilled it with
just a regular drill I use also 44
millimeter
just to get those big holes it's going
very easy and rubber what I thought was
very funny is that whenever you drilled
in the screws to attach to rubber to the
block is that they just disappeared
completely which is very neat
for the upper pulley beam I used some
thicker wood that was 26 millimeters
thick and only a hundred millimeters
wide the blocks themself the blogs
himself were 60 centimeters long and I
cut two equal sides to equal pieces and
attach them in one side with a equal
piece of wooden block just a scrap piece
that I had laying around I put it in
there so it was supported and then I put
some L brackets on there so I can attach
this horizontal beam to the wall
so all of all I used a regular piece of
wood that just bolted onto the wall and
then the horizontal pulley beam is going
to be attached right to that now
obviously this is not going to main
support for the weights the main support
is a support beam that is going to take
care of the structural integrity of the
whole construction so the supporting
beam is made out of three pieces of wood
that are the same thick thickness there
are the same thickness and wideness as
the horizontal pulley beam so what
happens is the middle one goes right
into the pulley beam where you can
attach these together and then the other
two the other two are going to just
support the horizontal pulley beam to
make it very strong I glued these three
parts together and I bolted them down
every 60 centimeters then I just had to
channel under the horizontal pulley beam
and the structure was great so in order
to make the base as strong as possible
I used a four centimeter thick slab of
plywood which I got from an old table
and there I can put the beam on and use
some L brackets to attach it all
together now remember that the middle
part of the beam is slightly longer than
the other parts and that is so it can
pass right into the upper pulley beam
and then we can just bolt that together
so we have a strong and nice connection
now on to the grind of this build
obviously safety as number-one priority
so whenever you're grinding make sure
you use eye and ear protection as I did
so now we're alter the guiding beams for
the guiding beams we want the cable to
pass right into the middle and in order
to attach the guiding beams onto the
horizontal pulley beam we have to use
some of these connectors and these
connectors don't allow space for the
cable to best
so I had to cut a little v-notch and
they're sort of cable can pass through a
very important thing when you're
attaching these guiding posts is that
you already put the stop block and the
block for the weights in there otherwise
there won't be any chance of getting
those parts in into your builds and
going to have to unscrew everything so
be sure that you already assemble
everything and then shove it right in I
screwed the guiding posts to the upper
pulling me as I said earlier to a block
of wood just to have a nice sustainable
base and then on the bottom I just
screwed it into the plywood and then it
was good to go didn't had to a touch
didn't had to attach the stop block
because it won't move that thing okay
onto the lower pulley board this one
needs to be both attached to the bottom
and to the structural supporting beam
the reason being is if you're going to
pull on it you can you need to be
pulling you need to be both pulling
upwards or if you're doing bicep curls
and you need to be pulling away from the
cable pulley machine if you're doing
rows so it has to support both of these
movements it has to be tightly secured
to everything okay
so I made this just with two little
uprights which are going to attach to
the floor with some L brackets and I'm
also going to attach it with another
piece of wood onto the supporting me
it's really easy you can do it so to
focus in my mind at that point was so
big that I had to use the cameras focus
so that's why it's a little bit blurry
this bullet block is obviously also
where a pulley wheel is going to come so
we need to have we need to make sure
that we have the right amount of holes
so a bolt can go through
and the pulley wheel can be attached so
that's what you're seeing right here to
make a cable pulley machine you need one
cable to a pulley so we're going to add
the pulley wheels first the most
difficult one is one that's going to be
directly above the weight block because
this one has to be positioned precisely
so when the cable comes down to the
weight block there can't be any bends or
they can't be any angles it has to be
straight down so that's something you
have to look for for the other two
wheels you just have to make sure that
they can pass smoothly so that's that in
order to attach the wheels I use the
bolt so I first drilled a hole in there
so the bulls can go through it then I
put a washer on the bolt then I put the
bolt through the wood I put the pulley
wheel in I put another washer onto it
and then I just push it all the way
through the second piece of the wood and
then I use the washer and a nut and then
just screwed it all together
and then you have a tight connection you
have the pulley wheel and then it's just
rinse and repeat for the three wheels
and then we're coming on to the cables
for the cable I used a six millimeter
cable that's strong enough to hold at
least 100 kilos of weights I also used
one that has a plastic coating so it
doesn't rub on the pulley wheels that's
very good
then I used some guides to make the
loops so as you can see I opened up the
guide a little bit so it can pass
through the loop to the loop on the
weight lock and then I just looped the
cable that I loop the cable through it
attached it with the with the
attachments that were included and then
it's just rinse and repeat one thing
that's very important here is the end of
the cable needs to be just coming out of
the pulley wheel to have the most range
of motion on your cable pulley machine
and that's about it
[Music]
all right let's give this video under 15
minutes thank you so much for watching I
hope you liked this video if you did hit
that like button don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already and let
me know in the comments down below if
you have more questions about this bill
and I'll be seeing you on the next video
please