[Music]
how to kill cicada killer wasps
cicada killer wasps which appear in
sunny open areas east of the Rocky
Mountains for about a month every summer
look scary but they are Dussel the males
with bodies that measure as long as two
inches are unable to sting or bite
although the sting of a female wasp is
painful the mild-mannered wasps rarely
sting unless you step on one or grab the
wasp with bare hands the wasps are
mostly harmless but the tunnels created
by the females can disrupt the soft soil
in flower beds or around play areas
patios or golf course sand traps things
you will need badminton racquet short
stick fire insert by earth roid spray
swat and kill cicada killer wasps with a
lightweight swatter such as a badminton
racket swing quickly and you can reduce
the numbers of male wasps that fly in
the area waiting to mate with female
wasps as soon as they hatch in midsummer
a tennis racket isn't quite as effective
because you can't swing the heavier
rocket fast enough to kill wasps in
large numbers plug the tunnels of female
wasps with a short stick then stomp on
the stick so it is firmly placed level
with the ground smooth the u-shaped
piles of dirt left by the wasps because
the females use the piles to locate the
tunnel when they return from cicada
hunting expeditions be persistent if you
plug holes and remove the dirt piles
every morning the females will move on
and build their tunnels elsewhere check
each tunnel 30 to 45 minutes after
plugging the hole if you see females
trying to dig back into the tunnel hit
them with a badminton racket or step on
them wear sturdy closed-toe shoes to
prevent stings apply pesticides only if
the wasps are causing significant
problems and other means of control
aren't effective use a product
containing pyrethrins or pirate roids
which are a synthetic form of pyrethrin
the low toxicity substances are
relatively safe for humans and mammals
but they kill insects by interfering
with the nervous system spray the
entrance to the burrows in a
surrounding soil at a rate of six ounces
per 9,000 square feet
tips warnings cicada killer wasps are
effective pollinators in the garden
cicada killer wasps don't like muddy
soil as drenching the area with water
may cause them to abandon their tunnels
if the wasps are troublesome around
sandy areas such as golf course sand
traps or children's play areas water the
area frequently to keep the sand moist
raking the sand also helps prevent the
wasps from building tunnels Spray
pythons in the evening when temperatures
are between 60 and 80 Â°f although cicada
killer wasps rarely sting the stings may
cause allergic reactions and people who
are allergic to bee stings
if this happens seek help immediately
store pyrethrins in a cool dry location
away from pets and children be sure
children and pets are not in the area
when you spray to protect your skin wear
long-sleeved shirts long pants gloves
and boots when spraying pirate friends
wear protective glasses to protect your
eyes never spray pirate rinse near
bodies of water or drains the substance
can be highly toxic to fish
you