by today we've got a whirlpool
direct-drive
washing machine and we're going to be
looking at why this thing is stopping
hit a filled up with water and agitate
and did a few seconds later at a stop
same thing holds true on the rinse cycle
or on the spin cycle now if you press
down on the top of this lid replace this
lid switch so let's get started on it
and let's see what we can do to get this
thing open up what we're gonna be doing
is I'm gonna be taking this whole
cabinet off to get access down here to
this here lid switch if you have a
really old generation like the first
generation look for two screws down here
up under your console want to be over
here in this corner want to be under
here I don't have that next generation
come around let's take a look at the
back now what you want to look for if
you see a screw right here in this
corner on the back of your console and
another one over here then do you want
to take these two screws out however if
you have the newer generation then you
would do this back on the new generation
you won't have any screws on the front
you won't have any screws on the back
and you walk you what you would do is
take a putty knife and you were slide
right up under here on this corner and
there's a clip a spring clip slide the
putty knife under there pop that clip
come over here if you putty knife pop
that clip and then pull this forward and
then up all right I'm gonna be taking
out one of the screws this on the back
and also I'll be taking the screw out on
the other side say you don't need to see
that so once I get the screws out then
I'll catch you guys in the next shot all
right there's two screws are out grab
your console pull out on it nip it up
swing it back and then the rest back
here on the hinge on each side I this
here connector right here and this is
going put down to the lid switch take
the catch to the tap lift it back pull
it off and then separate it you know
I've been thinking mr. Pike yes ma'am
you said first-generation
yes well I think you got a second one
you show them yeah the first generation
have screws in the front oh you oh okay
well still I think I deserve a nice new
washer okay I guess we're going on
vacation instead exactly save the money
for something else all right we have two
spring clips one is over here one is
over here now what we want to do is
release them take your screwdriver go
down the inside you can see there's a
lip down there put your screwdriver in
pull it out pull this out unhook it from
the rear panel and do the same for the
other side next thing we want to do
support your rear panel grab the cabinet
lift it forward and that should stay so
I'm just gonna kind of let it go sport
itself minimal leave this out
now as you can see I had the cabinet's
laid down on the blanket to protect the
finish all right we're going to be
releasing this ear connector that goes
down to the lid switch from the cabinet
there's a tab on this side and the tab
on this side take your finger and your
thumb squeeze it in while you squeeze it
in take it and push it back through and
it comes out of the cabinet now raise
the lid up there's two screws for your
micro switch Phillips screws so go ahead
and be taking those two screws out I'll
get you guys in the next shot once we
get your two screws out alright there's
gonna be two clips metal clips there's
one right here there's one up underneath
take clips slide it back that side okay
this will be a 5/16 inch screw screw him
out once you get them out then you have
the entire switch assembly with the
harness and all in your head
I had a part number I'm using on this is
three ninety four ninety two forty seven
be sure to check your own model make
sure it's the correct switch for you so
switch although that the contacts work
there is a lot of excess plane in this
here shaft or the other one which is new
it does have a little bit of play but
it's not quite as much I take your
connector from the backside push it
through it's locked and then you're just
going to take and reroute this here
cable up and each their harnesses up
here this metal clips
then we'll put our ground strap on here
and then we'll come back and then we're
gonna put in two screws right back here
I get you two screws in for your switch
you'll hate it secure those why don't
you get these two screws then I'll catch
you guys in the next shot - by
sixteenths nut driver go ahead and
secure your ground strap we have the
cabinet off might be a good idea if you
go ahead and just clean all the lint and
everything that you see so I'm gonna go
ahead and clean this off once I get this
done cleaned up then I'll get you the
next shot all right I got everything
cleaned up now so now we're gonna be
putting the cabinet back on all right so
you come on over here sir I'll show you
what I'm gonna do if you look like down
here look at this front ledge this front
ledge is gonna slide up underneath this
here crossmember brace push it all the
way up then there's gonna be two posts
down here there to sit down on and then
you just tilt it back and then there's
going to be two more pegs on post-its go
me in the back you set that one in over
there then over here on this side let's
make sure that he's fell down on there
[Music]
I take a clip hook it up into the rear
panel take your screwdriver put right
there oh give it a pop
okay and do the same thing on this side
all right that one there I take your
wiring diagram you're gonna stick that
up under the console tilt it over lay
them right there put them back down
give me hooks push them back and they
get you two screws and secure them in
the back all right guys that's gonna
wrap this video up
I've already ran a cycle everything
looked fine it completed the whole cycle
so it didn't stop so the problem was the
leave switch that I pointed out earlier
now also I want to thank to everyone
that watch the video I appreciate it and
I will see you guys in the next one you
guys take care