[Music]
hi my name is Samuel and I'm from static
form today I show you three different
methods how to remove this white
minerals from your humidifier
you take one glass of vinegar you take
water and power the same amount into
your humidifier
[Music]
if you're not happy with the result use
a brush give it about 15 minutes to
actually fully dissolve these mineral
deposits once you're done please use
fresh water to rinse the vinegar away or
the citric acid method use warm water
take 1 spoon of the powdery citric acid
and mix it with your warm water once you
think the mix is well power it again
with some water into the lower part of
your humidifier
[Music]
same here take the decal key fire and
mix it with water
[Music]
so that's it we are done with the
cleaning of your humidifier please make
sure to always rinse with tap water of
the reclining procedure now let me make
a point about the three different
methods vinegar is very available you
can buy didn't in any supermarket
it's affordable and pretty cheap
the handling is so-so I believe that
there are better methods it's not so
efficient so there's only one plus and I
think I need to mention that there is
quite some bad smell from the vinegar so
to conclude a nice method if you only
have vinegar available I would
definitely suggest to go with vinegar if
you are not happy with the cleaning
result you might just repeat the
cleaning again so now let's move to the
citric acid it's quite difficult to get
you actually might need to go to a
pharmacy to get hold of the citric acid
the price is about four to five times
higher than the vinegar the handling is
a little bit difficult because you have
to take care the efficiency is quite
great I'm quite happy with the result
please just be aware that it is an acid
and you should always take care when
cleaning your humidifier with the citric
acid now the last method is the decal
cue fire it's not everywhere available
depending on which country you are
living you might get it or not it's my
preferred version even though it's a
little bit more pricey than vinegar same
price as the citric acid I will guess
the handling is very easy and it's very
efficient so the only point to consider
you might not get it in every country in
every store but if you can get a hold of
it it's definitely my tip if you find
specialty calculi please use this
detergent to get rid of the minerals in
your humidifier
[Music]
so that's it with our video if you like
this video click the like button below
if you have any questions just write
them down here in the comments and if
you want to see more videos like this
just hit the subscribe button and you
will get notification about our videos
thank you and see you bye
[Music]