okay for those folks that don't know how
to use the ultimate mateline from pamper
CHF I didn't either but I finally
figured it out these hooks right here
need to be facing towards the handle
part okay and when that happens and you
have any of the blades in currently I
believe I've got the crinkle cut
in when it comes down the little
mechanism actually you can see it open
right now it opens the jaws and then it
snaps so for those people pull that
again let me show you it's open right
now and then it's going to shut down so
basically I was trying to actually you
know when I was using the mechanism I
thought I was supposed to actually push
these little things down or do something
with these you do not do that you
actually just leave them in place it's
supposed to be flat but when you pull
the thing down that's when it's going to
actually open so it's just a safety
feature the only one that you actually
are going to do something with is the
regular slicer and then you're just
going to actually underneath it you
would just push that to there and then
you're going to get the wider
cut um hold on sorry The Wider cut
versus the thin cut and again you would
just pop it in and let the actual
pressure of the Moline this basically is
it's using when you pull this down the
little thing in the handle is actually
pushing it's hard doing this when you're
trying to look at the phone pushing
these down on its own which lifts the
blade see and that's it's that easy good
luck