in the next 2 minutes you're going to
learn the best ways to measure
ingredients using measuring spoons
whilst cooking and baking it's important
to get the measurements of ingredients
right this is especially true for small
quantity ingredients as a small
variation in the amount can have a major
impact on your dish measuring spoons are
quick and easy to use by following these
simple instructions first check the size
of your spoon measuring spoon sets
include sizes from fractions of a
teaspoon up to a tablespoon the best
metal or stainless steel measuring spoon
sets have metric measurements as well as
the spoon size stamped into the handle
for dry ingredients such as salt coffee
or spices fill the spoon to overflowing
then scrape the excess off with the
straight edge of a knife don't shake the
spoon to get rid of the excess as this
can compact the ingredient and give an
incorrect measurement for liquid
ingredients such as oil vinegar or water
pour the liquid into the spoon until
it's full don't do this over the bowl
that the other ingredients are in just
in case you spill some of the liquid
over the edge of the measuring spoon
sticky or thick ingredients like honey
or molasses can be difficult to get out
of the spoon to help with this coat the
inside of the spoon with a tiny amount
of Grease or oil first add your sticky
ingredient and it will slide out of the
spoon easily use these simple tips to
measure with accuracy and cook with
confidence