hi I'm cat and today I'm showing you how
to make this miniature armchair in a
modern style and as I've said before I'm
pretty new to a full string furniture so
I want to thank you or did me picking
this with me
I very much appreciate it if you liked
this video don't forget to leave a
thumbs up a comment or subscribe if
you're not a subscriber I hope you enjoy
so I started with a picture that I found
online and I drew that out the scale I
also drew in the armrest and the seat
cushion if you don't draw very well feel
free to take a pattern from online and
enlarge it to fit what you need then I'm
using some popsicle sticks from a
previous video that were already cut cut
up and glued together and I traced the
seat cushion on through the popsicle
sticks make two then using some
additional popsicle sticks you're gonna
line those up horizontally and glue them
along each of the scenes then place the
other sheet on top and that way you have
the miniature popsicle sticks sandwiched
between the Jumbos then using additional
jumbo popsicle sticks I trace the back
of the chair and what I basically did is
I lined it up so that they fit the
bottom and then I just traced the curve
cut each of those sticks in half and
then using the seat that you just made
you can start gluing them with the
center one first
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
of course these aren't going to stretch
all the way to the end of the chair so
if you use the picture that you made you
can trace the armrest and cut that out
of a popsicle stick as well once the
back pieces are glued in place you can
roll the chair onto its side and put one
of the armrests in the front then draw
the area between the last piece of the
popsicle stick and the very front of the
chair use a piece as a template and cut
out additional popsicle sticks the
fitted
[Music]
I'm using some foam that I showcased in
a previous video and I talked about it
again in my tools video and then I'm
wrapping this and gluing it towards one
end so that it forms a bit of a tube pin
that in place while the glue dries and
then once it's dried
I'm gonna wrap this around the chair I
want it on the side of the arm but
towards the top of the chair I'm
rotating it just slightly slow do this
at the back and then I painted the chair
yellow this is just so the dark wood
won't show up through the felt and the
yellow fabric since they're both my
colors now I'm using yellow felt and
wrapping that around I'm just trying to
even out the space between the wood and
the phone
wrap it and glue it underneath the phone
cutting slits as needed
[Music]
once that glue is dried you can cut off
any excess
[Music]
then I drew a pattern on the back of the
chair using the felt just place the
piece of felt on to the back and trace
underneath the foam and along the bottom
you can cut that out and I suggest you
cut out too that way you'll have a
pattern for the fabric cut out a small
rectangle and glue that across the front
now you've completed the pattern and
it's time to work on the fabric
obviously with yellow paint and yellow
felt I'm going to use yellow fabric
I cut a triangular shape except it's
rounded out on the back and round it in
on either side and flat at the front I'm
going to refer to this part as the Cape
because it drapes over the chair and
connects between the back of the seat
and the bottom of the seat back glue
that in place and allow it to dry
then you can cut a small rectangular
piece fold it and iron it on either side
and glue that across the top of the seat
and at the bottom of the seat
[Music]
[Music]
and now back to the Cape cutting slits
along the back of the Cape
I'm starting with two at a time and
cutting them as needed
pull it tightly around the foam and glue
it underneath then cut an additional
slits and repeat that same process with
the rest of the fabric allow that entire
section are dry before going on to the
next part for the arms I'm using a piece
of fabric that looks like half a rainbow
drape it over the arm and kind of get an
idea of how it's gonna fit that little
curved part is going to need to fold in
and get iron and you're gonna have to do
the same thing to the very front but
let's work on the curved purse fold it
in and iron it on one side drape that
across and pay very close attention to
the arm rest now that little section on
the inside is going to need to be folded
in
[Music]
fold that in iron it now you can cut off
the excess fabric next redrape that
shape back over your arm and glue it in
place at the bottom of the seat back
[Music]
then glue it towards the bottom cut off
the excess and you can now use the
pattern that you created with the belt
on the back or of course you can use a
brand new piece of fabric and retrace
that pattern to make this easier I
decided to do mine in two parts so I
glued the first part into place ironing
down the front the sides and the bottom
then repeat the same step onto the other
side
[Music]
going back to the armrest I had to shave
these down a little bit so that they
would fit the new shape of the armrest
that's being created with the fabric and
the padding then I cut a piece of felt
the fitting and put them on some yellow
scraps of fabric I glue the straight
piece in first
[Music]
and glue the fabric onto the back of the
wood then I continue that all around the
rest of the shape once completed
I glued those on to the front and kind
of snuggly push them against the inside
of the fabric on the armrest I use the
pattern for the seat cushion and trace
that on to a bit of the foam I left a
tiny bit of excess towards the front
just in case I cut two pieces out of the
foam and glued them together
[Music]
then I also cut a piece of felt that was
about half an inch longer on the
straight side glue the felt onto the
foam and drape the excess part of the
straight side over the straight section
of the front of the seat cushion allow
everything to dry before going on to the
next step next cut out a piece of fabric
that's the same shape as a seat cushion
then you can fold this in along the
front first and then cut slits to fold
around the rest of it allow it off dry
once completed
[Music]
or the lakes I'm using square dolls I
cut these off into 3/4 of an inch
lengths and then I'm cutting them off on
a diagonal then I flip it to the side
because now it forms a rectangle and I'm
cutting off just tiny little bits of
it's a square again paint bows to
whatever color you'd like I'm using a
dark brown and glue those to the bottom
of your chair and that's it you're done
thanks so much for watching guys bye
[Music]
you
[Music]