here's an easy way to clean stains out
of your carpets we saw this technique
used by some carpet installers at our
house and we're going to show you how to
do it especially if you have a house
with kids and dogs like we do
first ones out this stuff's really
built-in cuz I don't know this is kind
of like a sauce or something it dripped
probably throw my can we were throwing
away wow you know I often make funnier
videos but this really works yeah we've
had those stains on there forever - yeah
you know this is no joke so you know
takes a minute really works well nice
job
alright so the first thing you want to
do is spray on a little bit of your
liquid glass cleaner like that you're
going to take your carpet pad and all
you have to do is kind of rub in a
circular motion and you want to work out
those stains keep rubbin whoa yeah yeah
putting in the carpet yeah and you can
see it takes it right out clear kaarvok
a little bit left there this works
pretty well on grease and oil stains as
well you can use a little bit of baking
powder and liquid dish detergent along
with the glass cleaner so that's how
it's done here's an example of how to
clean oil and grease out of a carpet we
saw this procedure done by carpet
installers at our house when they
tracked in some grease we're showing you
this in our garage as you go this is a
heavily used high-traffic area and I
might add it is freezing
there's the ingredients you'll use a
little liquid glass cleaner we're just
going to try and clean an area with a
oil or gas stain you can use a little
bit of baking soda and also a little bit
of liquid dish detergent on your scrap a
carpet works quite well just like that
ooh I think that worked well yeah
considering this is like I said garage
happening