how to clean the table there's some key
equipment that you need I'll show you
that very briefly first of all under
cushion brush and a cloth these are very
useful indeed especially under the top
cushion brush with shortened hair which
is what I do I have too many you do that
with a pair of scissors it takes a long
time very uncomfortable on the hand but
that makes a big difference find the
brush with long hair just tends to throw
dust everywhere there are some people
who use the small handheld iron on the
table
sorry Hoover or vacuum cleaner on the
table and they say that works ok for
them I'm still old school so I prefer
the physical brushes napping block and
yes the resistance that iron the chunky
iron so I'm gonna show you what I use
first which is brush how I use it I
learned to do this left-handed just cuz
I used to do everyday and actually at
the club I used when I was a teenager I
brush 23 tables every morning so I
couldn't do that with my right hand I'm
right-handed player because I couldn't
feel my arm for about an hour and I only
had two hours for you practice for doing
all those tables so which was quite
stingy from them actually but if I meet
the owner again I'll tell him that but
it's what we do the bro brush first is
I'll show you how to do it plenty of
pressure and having a systematic
approach the cloth is looks tidy up not
I just did four or five sweeps and
batches this wide it spend a little bit
more time if there are some marks and
then you give it give it the full beans
the full potatoes and that gets rid of a
lot of the marks short marks dust and
that gets the table ready for what
do next is oh by the way what I would do
after that is there cushions so just put
the brush on top of the cushion do that
taking any from the front face of the
cushion as well and that just gives the
table of hearing very very tidy as well
the you should do this in line with the
nap so the NAP of the cushions NAP of
the cloth on the cushions goes toward
the black cushion on the long cushions
this cushion goes toward the green
pocket here you can I would always feel
each cushion before you brush it anyway
because the table because some clubs
sometimes do put the cloth the wrong way
around on the cushions I've never seen a
club put off the wrong way around or a
fit rather put the wrong cloth the wrong
way around the table although I have
seen a club turn the cloth upside down
to save money and the members never
noticed so just double check that your
clubs not doing that if they are give
them a polite reminder that they need a
new cloth let me use the under cushion
brush and this is so valuable to get rid
of the dust especially from under this
cushion think it is brushed into the top
cushion so what I do from this side is
from black spot
to do that and then sign the other way
toward the other pocket I'll do that on
all cushions and then we've got the
napping block so this has to be pushed
one way I've drawn some arrows on this
because depending on what way that nap
is on block meetings it goes much more
smoothly one way or the other either
this way or that way down the NAP of the
table so what you do is plenty of
pressure you want to sweep all the way
to the end cloth ready for ironing one
important thing is don't follow the path
of least resistance there are some
people in the clubs who do this they
brush like this just because it's like
laziness path of least resistance but
then you get curb sweeps on the cloth
instead of straight instead of than that
being straightened down in its natural
direction - all the type of cushion and
then you've got the iron when you've
done that you'd use the iron what I do
to make sure it's hot enough is just do
that and then if I feel it's hot then
you put plenty of pressure move very
slowly the other way of doing is you
could put it on a newspaper where they
don't sell many newspapers these days
and just if it burns the newspaper leave
it a couple of minutes because it's
probably a bit hot but the biggest
mistake I see people make is on this
cushion here people go like this with
the iron this again is path of least
resistance laziness a very poor
technique because then you get travel
lines along the ball cushion and they
also do the same on the top cushion and
you'll see clubs who allow their table
cleaners to do that because the clubs
will have big tram lines on both end
cushions the other mistake they make is
doing the moving yarn at 90 degrees to
the path of travel which means there's a
big temperature differential between
here and here if it's done at an angle
the heat is spread the heat is feathered
out toward the edge of the iron toward
the corner of the iron so always put up
angle 45 30 45 degrees that sort of
speed that's all you need I personally
don't mind that often I find brushing
and blocking enough and ironing once a
week or so a couple of times a week is
what I'm I'm happy with if I was
practicing for a tournament it might be
a little bit more often depending on how
many hours a day I'm putting in but you
can singe the cloth if there's too much
ironing I remember it and professional
qualifying in Blackpool the tables were
ironed so with an inch of their life
four times a day and three or four times
a day really slowly with really Hynes
within two or three weeks these cloths
were impossible to screw back on and you
had horrendous contacts just as almost
as if the surface of the cloth was
melted and fused together that they'd
been so heavily ironed
so that gives most of the to do's and
not to deuce
finally this silicon on silicon woods
silk something like that I found this
really really useful so on non the cloth
by the way and also don't iron the
cushion tops because there's rubber
underneath it could damage the adhesive
and the structure of the rubber so I
just do that go on each cushion this
escapes through at all the finger marks
and mate makes the table appear brand
new and then with the dry side of the
cloth I'll just get the excess off makes
the room smell lovely as well
there is just one more thing as well
I've just remembered the camera zooming
in here though not only have we got
three new balls but I just want to show
you what to clean when you're cleaning
the table these pocket runners in almost
every club on earth are absolutely
filthy because they are never ever
cleaned but this is the quickest way to
get dirt on the balls to allow the dirt
to build up on these pocket runners so
with a sponge and some hot soapy water
just go across those runners on each
pocket and take all the dirt off once
every week or two because you'll find
that I think you'll be amazed how much
dirt you'll find on these pocket runners
but once they maintain cleanly these
balls will remain cleaner for longer
you'll get better contacts and the balls
will run better and you'll get less
kicks and bad contests so that the
difference in Heights that I played
there was probably only two millimeters
or so
this is the secret in Player of the Year
400 brave players
you come to a stop in a controlled way
and begin the delivery in a controlled
way as well
you