crafty ponies crafty ponies writing
hello my name is Karen literal and I am
the design of crafting modest a
revolutionary new sewing kit with an
educational website here are crafty
ponies we are committed to helping
children learn about horses and ponies
we bring families together through
creativity and play while having fun and
caring for the environment let's got my
workshop and I'll show you what's in the
kit a crafty pony kit contains the
fabric and trimmings that you need to
make up your pony including fully
illustrated step-by-step instructions
with the kit is a specially printed
cotton fabric the cotton yarn for your
pony's mane and tail miniature stirrups
and a snaffle bit crafty ponies are easy
to make and lots of fun they have been
designed to be made by adults with help
from children you can sew them by
machine or by hand and you can get extra
help from the photographic and video
demonstrations on the website everything
in the kit is used the pack folds up to
become a stable and the leftover
material can be cut up to make the
bedding and horse feed crafty ponies are
educational they help children learn
about horses and ponies because all the
tack works just like the real thing when
you purchase your kit you get 15 free
internet-based ewriting school lessons
when you log on to the website you can
access further weekly lessons for an
annual subscription we have developed
the lessons here at our air BRS approved
riding school at 2495 all children can
now enjoy their own pony it's great fun
easy and rewarding hi