if you have a front-loading
washing-machine and you cannot get your
whites their widest you're not alone
I've even replaced new lights within two
or three washes and they are still dingy
and gray come see my way of getting your
whites their widest the first thing you
want to do is to make sure that your
washer is clean I know you have to clean
something that cleans but it's true you
guys
Berndt loaders use small amounts of
water and less detergents than top
loaders therefore it may lead mold and
yucky smells which leaves your clothes
and your whites dingy type washing
machine cleaner is what I use to keep my
washer clean it helps remove the odors
and residue that sometimes buildup on
your washer over time I'm not getting
paid or sponsored by Tide it's just a
product that I love and it's also
recommended you have an odor or residue
I found that many people who own these
front loaders have this issue but if you
do use one pouch per week for three
weeks then continue to use one pouch per
month for maintenance
make sure your washer is empty and
please do not use this on your clothes
now that my washing machine is squeaky
clean and it smells so refreshing in
there a lot of that build-up that you
guys saw on the door earlier a lot of
it's gone not all of it but most of it
is really important that you clean your
washing machine at least once a month to
get all that sticky build-up that waxy
residue you whether you have white
clothes or dark clothes it's important
that you clean your washer at least once
a month
for my new subscribers I am an active
couponer I have tons of detergents and
tons of stain removers but sometimes
stain removers need a little help
removing stubborn stains how crazy does
that sound so I'm going to show you guys
how you can get your whites their
brightest for your brightener you're
going to add a quarter cup of baking
soda to the drum and then you're just
going to add your white towels add your
detergent where you would normally add
your detergent and add vinegar and we
would normally add your fabric softener
if you do not have a high-efficiency
washer add vinegar during the rinse
cycle be sure to set your washer on the
hottest setting to get your towels nice
and fluffy throw in two dryer balls I
also recommend that you wash your towels
weekly don't use fabric softener or
dryer sheets because over time they tend
to leave a thin layer of wax buildup and
your towels will not be as as absorbent
dryer sheets and towels on a low heat
setting drying them on high can make
them look a little yellowish in some
cases you may need to just replace your
white towels in your sheets if you plan
to do so use a system as you go along
you