hi I'm Stephen I am going to teach you
guys a neat little trick something I
learned as of recent kind of actually on
my own because I was bored and I sold
this on my stove not very happy with
that now you can imagine that that
little stain right there probably bugs
that the Jesus out of you okay
it comes from when you overcook stuff
you make a mess whatever I'm gonna make
it look like this you don't see any
stains or anything like that that into
that that you know that no corner marks
no stains no circular marks whatever
okay now you're gonna need a couple
items here notice that this is a rain-x
bottle that says lemon cleaner it's not
really rare next obviously I hate when
people throw away my bottles so when
they do I find one bottle that they
typically won't touch which is reenacts
because nobody ever want goes out and
says ooh I wouldn't remix my car windows
today so I when I ran out I went ahead
and filled it up now what's in this is
basically two-thirds chlorine which you
probably have in your kitchen counter if
not in your laundry room obviously some
lemon juice doesn't require a lot of
lemon juice maybe half a cup to give
that more citrusy smell and you don't
really smell all the chlorine and a
little bit of water just to kind of tap
it cap off the bottle and you're good to
go now
I learned this actually by accident
watching my little one running down the
street skinned his knee and I'm like
hmmm if that does to that to his knee I
wonder what that'll do to a stove top
because obviously our skin is pretty
tough okay so what I did was I grabbed
my cleaner and I said okay typically I
would go to clean my stove and I would
spray like this
okay now obviously you're not gonna go
run outside and jump into the ground
because as funny as that would be I
wouldn't recommend it
hey ninja what you're gonna do is you're
gonna come outside and grab some sand if
you dig down far enough you're gonna
find Sam let it dry out don't do it when
it's wet okay kind of defeats the
purpose
you can grab a handful of sand now mind
you I'm cleaning so don't laugh at my
mess okay and you are going to sprinkle
the sand - any rubble rocks or whatever
around the affected area okay and unlike
some estas drone treatments for men this
you don't have to really worry about
where you're gonna get it at alright now
I'm gonna take a napkin and all up a
little corner of it okay doesn't need to
be extremely pretty
okay just enough where when you press
down it's not gonna get all over your
hands mind you I'm sorry about the hand
this is a third-degree burn well anybody
was asking and no I didn't do it doing
this okay all you're gonna do I'm gonna
spray a little bit more chemical because
I don't want that completely dry well
it's up here okay and you're gonna just
do small little circles now you're gonna
hear grinding like you're scratching
glass okay it's not actually scratching
the glass so don't worry about it okay
you're just going to keep doing in
circular motion and if it gets a little
dry go ahead and put some more I mean
obviously you can see there it's like a
driest mud it's not a big deal
but you don't gonna sit there and and
obviously just be grinding dry dirt onto
the glass you need some kind of
lubricant okay now you're just gonna go
on to start peeler pattern okay and
actually I'm gonna take some of this and
I'll put that bad boy right there up
there in that spot that I didn't really
care for I'm gonna grate some of it down
let that bad boy said I'm actually gonna
put some more liquid here because
obviously I'm getting a little too dry
yeah that's what she said
anyway all right so you're gonna keep on
doing the circular motions and sorry
about the camera angle here I'm trying
to look at what I'm doing and hold the
camera at the same time here let me see
if I can okay all right so basically all
I'm doing is I'm not doing it Hardy then
you don't have to do a nice clean easy
stroke okay
circular pattern kind of like you're
using sandpaper but without the paper
which is really cool all right I don't
want to talk through this whole thing so
I'm gonna keep on doing this and just
kind of keep an eye on I will save this
though on the bigger side on the bigger
burners and you're probably gonna have
to do it a little bit longer
[Music]
[Music]
let's go back up to the one spotlight up
here
all right so now we're just gonna look
to quick peek at our burners here now
obviously when it's faded glass there's
nothing you can do about that
the last thing you want is people coming
over and looking at your stove and being
like dude you got like burnt stuff all
over your stove what the hell and you're
like oh you know I'm kind of bad cuz so
shut the hell up
no but you can't do anything about the
faded burners but at least you won't
have like cake food on there which is
actually kind of nice alright so now we
need to run a real quick test I'm gonna
go and spray this down and spray this
one down now what you're gonna do is
you're gonna take a soft cloth it
doesn't have to clean doesn't have to be
dirty you prefer clean that's up to you
you're using bleach anyway it's not
gonna really matter all you're gonna do
is basically wipe off the burner oh and
look you don't have to have a huge
commercial spokesperson for something
you get it home alright we worked off
the burner wipe off the other one check
a look at that isn't it awesome
it almost looks brand new
and then of the burn marks none of the
food that's left on there tell me I'm
not a genius all right guys last one
let's take a look back at the burners
alright see here see here see here then
Oh oops
okay okay see there real easy guys you
don't have to do a whole lot of nonsense
and at least now you don't have that
kicked on greasy feeling like when you
go to cook and once you clean all this
nonsense off it's absolutely a perfect
brand new stove so anyway that's my
spiel hopefully you guys enjoyed the
video and if not well too damn bad I
have a going