hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to make colored fire using commonly
found
materials okay so for materials all
you're going to need is a metal
container some heat antifreeze and some
no salt this is a salt substitute that
can be found in most grocery stores now
this is a very easy experiment but
doesn't fall fire so you always need to
remember to be safe okay so all you need
to do is pour in some heat into the
Container then add the no salt they
should be about equal parts but it
doesn't really matter then just stir
them together once it's all mixed all
you need to do is light a match and drop
it
[Music]
in you'll notice that the fire burns a
cool blue color and the little bits of
yellow flame that you see are from the
burning match
Inside by itself the heat Burns a dim
blue this is because it contains
methanol which burns very clean when the
potassium chloride or no salt is added
it starts burning a cool blue color
here's what it looks like compared to
regular fire as you can see there's a
big difference also if you want some
green fire try adding some Borax laundry
detergent into the Heat this contains
borc acid which turns the fire a bright
green so now you know how to make
colored fire if you like this video
don't forget to subscribe and like me on
Facebook to be notified when I upload my
next
one thanks for watching and we'll see
you next time
[Music]