so today we were going to make this a
nice arrangement we're going to take a
box any kind if you want to go buy it
Michael so you have one laying around
then we're going to take two plastic
liners and place them and then on top of
them we're gonna play the foam so it
will the Box cool with nice and cool
like this and then make sure to cut the
plastic liner so it doesn't show up you
simply want the plastic so the foam does
is delete the water so just keep cutting
until nothing is shot and then so pretty
much like this and then we're gonna take
a rose we're gonna measure it sort of a
below for this arrangement but it's up
to you however you want it and then
after we're done measuring we're going
to take it and we're gonna start cutting
all out our other roses and we are going
to use 24 but depending on how big your
box is you can take as many roses as you
need
so then one by one we will place the
roses as you can see and we're gonna
leave a little space because later on
we're going to fill that little area
with the same stem that we use
here we're just simply filling it up so
it looks nice and so if you want
anything different it's pretty much the
same thing
[Music]
and so here we're just finishing up so
there you go and that's how it should
look
so we're gonna take the stem and we're
gonna cut it up like I said earlier and
so this way you could just fill up the
box using that same greenery and you
won't even have to buy any you could
just reuse it and just fill it up in
every gap so it looks nice and pull like
this and then just move it around if you
needed to
and right here we even added a little
bow so it looks nicer and so this right
here you could use it for any unique
gift that you want to make to a friend
or if you want to ask somebody for
engagement you can place the ring in
there
so pretty much like I said this could be
used for anything and you need give so
you just want to be something different
creative you know it was really nice for
anything
mandala have any questions
[Music]
[Music]