[Music]
permacon an industry leader in
landscaping and Masonry Products is
proud to introduce the tandem
environment our comprehensive system is
the solution for a perfectly integrated
look to your
project get inspired by our latest
Creations the trend today is including
an outdoor kitchen gas fireplace patio
furniture and screens to enhance your
yard and enjoy longer evenings break out
of the confines of your home by creating
a custom out living space in this video
we present an overview of the steps to
installing an outdoor gas fireplace
before starting installation it is
essential to refer to the tandem system
installation guide for Specific
Instructions the outdoor gas fireplace
unit must be installed on a stable level
surface such as papers a concrete slab
or starting
units first build a structure of 2x4
treated lumber according to the modular
design of tandm vene a using treated
plywood over the wooden structure is an
option on the inside installed
pre-drilled fiber cement panels for heat
insulation install the new tandem grid
on the wooden structure using the clips
and screws
provided cut the grid with bolt
[Music]
cutters starting at a corner anchor the
tandm wall veneer with
[Music]
connectors
[Music]
install fiber cement panels on top of
the wooden structure finish off your
project by gluing on capping unit with
permapro XP
adhesive the next step is to install
your outdoor gas fireplace using the
tanom grid offers a significant
Advantage because the base of the
fireplace takes less space than a
conventional retaining block
installation which requires a larger
area for more information about the
tandem environment please visit permacon
doca
he