hey everybody it's Mike again making
another video today we're going to focus
on getting hard water stains off of
shower doors uh I also have some outside
for some exterior windows but we're only
going to focus on the shower doors today
the product I'm going to use is called a
maze cleaning green and it's a water
stain remover with a mild abrasive and
you use this product with uh this little
sponge which has also kind of abrasive
which called the gripper um the product
itself again has a mild abrasiveness to
it see it's kind of
thick and put a little bit of that on
the sponge and the way I did it was with
a little bit of water on it on the uh on
this sponge and then went in circles and
it actually works fairly quick uh this
product we actually picked up here's the
plugs we picked up at Ace Hardware and
uh again I've used a lot of things over
the years you guys know that I'm a
contractor and uh sometimes I do other
jobs for clients to try to clean up
products in the shower door and stuff
when I'm done maybe redoing tile and
I've had a really difficult time uh
taking the hard water off this is the
first thing I've used so far that done
it very quickly so I'm going to go ahead
and show you the hard water on the
shower door and then I'll go ahead and
show you the technique I do to take it
off and how easy it is so go ahead and
stand
by okay everybody uh this whole area I'm
going to do you can probably see all the
hard water right here so I got a a
little bit of the product on the sponge
and I'll go ahead and go in a circular
motion and I did put a little bit of
water uh on
the container it doesn't say add water
but it's easier to spread on glass so
that's why I'm doing
it so we'll do this whole area right
here and hopefully this is going to
come off I am putting a a little Fair a
fair amount of pressure on
it but you need to and then you'll
hear when the sponge goes across the
hard water it'll make us a a louder
noise so you'll know that it's pretty
rough and that right there should
actually
be should be enough and clean so again
you'll continue doing the whole door and
you won't wipe it off usually until it
dries and it comes off just like when
you wax a car but I'll go ahead and take
it off now to show you if it's clean on
that whole
area so hopefully you can tell that
that's gone that didn't take a long
time so this is obviously a lot cleaner
now and it all came off I could see some
little hairline scratches from the last
time I used a razor blade which isn't a
good deal so the best thing would be to
use this product take all this stuff off
and then use that second product which
is a uh it's kind of a silicone coruba
product that will go over it and it'll
actually help uh keep the hard water off
of it for a
future
okay hey guys so uh you just saw me used
the product I was able to get the hard
water off in that area and uh again I'll
probably set the kids to work on the
rest of this thing to get it done but
the product again on a recap is called a
maze clean and green and it's a water
stain remover I am not part of this or
affiliated with this product I just
found it uh at the hardware store and it
works very well uh the other product
that comes with it is also called a maze
clean and Grain and this would be to use
after you use this and it's ultr gloss
sealant silicone sealant with caruba and
again this does not have any abrasives
to it whereas this does so this also if
you have hard water on your Chrome on
your scussion or your uh on the Val or
the showerheads don't use this product
here because it does say that it has a
light brace if it does not want you to
use it on any Chrome or anything so make
sure you read it before you use it but
it'll definitely work on the glass for
your shower doors I'll be coming out
with more videos soon subscribe hope you
guys have a good day take care