hey everyone it's h and today's video is
all about keeping your room clean now
I've done a few videos about how to
clean your room but I have seen in the
comments a lot of people being like but
it gets messy again in 5 minutes fear
not because I'm going to show you guys
how to keep it clean also I'm really
excited about this video because it's a
collab with niceta and she makes great
content she is also doing a cleaning
your room video so you guys should
definitely check that out hello hermion
beautiful viewers my name is Neta also
known as niao here on YouTube I create
videos all the way from beauty fashion
DIYs lifestyle all that good stuff for
today's clap I will be showing you guys
how I clean my room and my 10 sta so
this is when you have a lot of time and
you're just going to clean your whole
entire room and this is my process and
it can be a struggle to clean your room
I know the struggle girl so I hope you
guys decide to come over to my channel
and join the family because I would
absolutely love that but I'm going to
stop talking and let's just get back
into Hermione's amazing video and I hope
to see you guys over on my channel bye
her stuff is awesome so check her out
also if you are new here and you are
from n's Channel hello my name is H
pleased to meet you definitely stick
around because I make DIYs and lifestyle
videos and with all of that being said
just quickly don't forget to like
subscribe and check out my social media
if you haven't done those things already
let's get straight into this video the
first thing I do everyday day to keep my
room clean is make my bed once my bed is
made that is the biggest part of my room
done and it makes my room look and feel
a lot more put together make this the
first thing you do in the morning and
you'll feel so much better throughout
the day and it doesn't even have to be
perfect as long as it looks presentable
that is the main thing something I like
to do when I'm not in the mood to clean
my room but I just want to get rid of a
little bit of the Clutter is put on one
song Just tidy up for the duration of
the one song and see how you feel all
you really need is one song to get you
going and make sure you target the
biggest and the dirtiest things in your
room in those three or four minutes have
a space either inside your room or
outside your room to hang up your coats
and your bags because sometimes I come
into my room and I just dump my stuff
and it stays there for a really long
time it doesn't look the greatest but
trust me it will get the mess off of
your floor and your bed and your desk
clothes can be some of the messiest
things in your room but when you've done
fresh laundry and you don't have time to
put it away I recommend putting it in a
box or in a drawer that's separate just
for clean laundry as long as you
remember to tidy it up when you have the
time that way it doesn't get stuck on a
chair or a desk or your bed and create a
mess sometimes I will put one item of
clothing on a chair and then it will end
up becoming the clothes chair and it
will look like that for absolutely weeks
so try and avoid that a box like this
would work but something a little bit
bigger is probably better so your
clothes don't get wrinkles or extra
folds in them make sure even the
smallest of items have a place where
they reside in your bedroom I'm talking
drawing pins earrings things like that
otherwise they can kind of end up
getting lost and getting put in multiple
places and you won't be able to find
them to make sure your room smells
really nice I recommend taking the trash
out as often as possible I like to do
this once every couple of days but
really the minute it starts getting
close to overflowing you should be
taking it out to maintain a really clean
and tidy home or room I really recommend
getting rid of stuff regularly anything
that you haven't used in a long time or
is meaningless to you that you don't
want to keep get rid of it cuz you just
don't need a ton of stuff cluttering up
your space donate as many things as you
can to charity and the rest of the stuff
that is rubbish like paperwork that you
need to get rid of shred it and put it
in the bin if you really struggle to
keep your room clean I am an advocate of
having a junk drawer and small boxes and
plates to keep things that just kind of
accumulate on desks and
dresses oh my
God how did you get in
there try and create a cleaning schedule
that you know that you can stick with if
you're really busy and you can only
clean one time a week make it work make
it work for you and write down a list
there are tons of ideas on Pinterest of
what you can do weekly and monthly to
keep your room and your home clean
things like picking up your clothes can
be done on a daily basis but other
things like dusting and vacuuming should
be done more on a weekly basis use a
room spray to keep your room smelling
nice and fresh and clean and you can get
these in a variety of different flavors
you can also use candles poery or
diffusers and finally I think my most
important tip is to make sure you clean
your room before you go to sleep every
single night and I'm not talking deeply
I mean just pick up the biggest items
and the messiest and dirtiest things and
then when you fall asleep you won't have
to worry about anything and when you
wake up in the morning you will feel
refreshed make this a routine and a
habit and before you know it you'll just
do it naturally without even thinking
about it that is all and I hope that it
inspires you guys to clean your room and
then keep it clean because honestly I
struggled so bad with keeping my room
clean for the longest time and now these
tips have helped me so I hope they help
you guys too once again don't forget to
check out niceta she makes great videos
and if you haven't already subscribed to
me like this video and check out my
social media and with all of that being
said I hope you guys have a great day
and that you get cleaning and be
productive and I will see you in my next
video bye