[Music]
[Applause]
hey cupcake 6p and mommy to a wheelie me
doing the bubble gum challenge
hey we did one before but this one's
different this one is to see who can
make the biggest bubble gum and we're
using this bubble tape and I remember
gonna try used all the way we're gonna
see if we can use and we can make a big
bubble using this bubble gum so you
don't have to use it all to make it yeah
the challenge is not about who can put
the most in your mouth yeah and someone
who can make the biggest bubble and
we're gonna try how many times and we're
gonna try five times to see who can make
the biggest bubble gum if you're gonna
make the challenge you can use any kind
of bubble gum yeah you don't I mean we
just in this one lunch when a sponsor
anything alright and what's cool about
this is that this is actually bubble
tape it has like a little cut again so
it works like tape really cool I'm
smells so good yeah this is how it looks
like so let's get started alright so I'm
gonna put some in my mouth
[Music]
[Music]
I think I got no that looks like powdery
we stop our mouth my father is dead
[Music]
notes hard it's not ready for bubble gum
you do in a rush live for a little bit
this is too sugary okay we're ready to
start we're going to shoot this bubble
gum for about 30 minutes so just giving
back about 10 minutes okay we'll have to
do it at the same time we're gonna try
five times okay so here goes the number
one okay now is the first attempt I did
one like this break anyway I'm this one
what's up at the same time hey we're
gonna go for a third one can I pause it
alright
my mother
no no no for a fifth time that was a
good one
I wasn't ready so here I go you can do
it again
[Music]
[Music]
Wow good down whoa whoa okay this is not
easy at all okay so I think I've done
the most big bubble what do you think I
don't know we tried for this first time
we tried several times and since like
we're just film okay guys so this was a
really fun challenge I had a lot of fun
tried to blow a bubble gonna meet let us
know in the comments what you think it
went for us it's just the game so we had
a lot of fun if you didn't try this
challenge at home with your friends and
family just have fun it's not about who
wins but just have fun and if you
enjoyed this video please give it a big
thumbs up and that's all for today don't
forget to subscribe like comment share
and we'll see you next video bye bye
[Music]
now in the big pal all right all my
lipstick