bro you're not in this video you're not
in this video okay maybe he could be in
this video okay this guy right here okay
enough for you what is going on internet
I hope you're doing well
I am per usual doing fantastic no part
of the reason that I like making these
cooking videos to show the world and
even though you might not know anything
about cooking or being in the kitchen or
what this is you can still achieve
greatness like fluffy jiggly pancakes
those are great you know you see them
people touching them they're jiggling
it's it's a stimulating to the eyes but
you don't need to go out of your way to
go crazy with it doesn't take a mad
scientist maybe it does take a mad
scientist to figure out that you could
make a cheesecake jiggle but it takes
another mad scientist to figure out how
to do it in five minutes
much like most of my cooking
this one's easy so easy in fact that all
you need is a box that just add water
pancake mix some cinnamon butter maple
syrup eggs and a cookie cutter okay
let's see am I really gonna start
measuring out powders to show you how to
make pancake mix no because we live in a
society that is so smart
I already mixed for us all you have to
do is add water from the faucet to make
the pancake batter you want to eat your
watery pancakes with syrup you know you
want to achieve that sweet tooth the
path of least resistance
you take that box he added with water
you take a frying pan you throw it on
there and you'll get it you could pay a
little attention on how to take a dollar
ninety-nine bucks and turn it into the
fluffy goo
dream your tastebuds didn't even know
they wanted ah cinnamon
oh you don't use cinnamon with your
pancakes hmm why you too good for
cinnamon okay me attempting to crack
both of these with one hand would be
great I mean in theory that was I was a
good good cool cool move for you
Internet you can't get yolks inside the
whites for trying to make stiff peaks
alright now I'm gonna do what everyone
wishes they could do to whites and beat
the out of these until they form
stiff peaks now I'm not making pancakes
using the wooden spoon or a stick of
some sort I'm using this here hand
blender because this is a cooking show
and I invest money and appliances to
make things easier for me
see that stiff peak now I gotta fold the
whites into the batter now what does
this do you ask
from what I understand when you're
adding egg whites to batter it's like
you're setting the egg white up on the
blind date with the batter you got to
kind of like add a little bit of batter
first gradually add it to the batter
introduce it make sure they're friends
before anything happens and after time
that's when you can kind of vigorously
shake things up and pop out a bi-product
like any good cookie cutter pancake mold
it needs a little bit of lubrication now
is a perfect opportunity to add a little
bit of flavour to your pancake chalk
chips blueberries use that for another
metaphor for your life right now is the
opportune time to go out there and do
something with yourself like make fluffy
pancakes all right now this is where
things get a little bit messy I have to
flip the ring without making all the
batter fly all over the place using a
spatula of sorts oh not as hard as I
thought that we will get a little bit of
spillage okay this ain't no BP crisis
but spillage might happen no spillage
that's what you call being a pro us
which is called making ten failed
attempts this morning and finally
getting it right on the eleventh one the
fluff is happening the pancake is
cooking the heat is at an optimal
temperature of low in this case a three
on the Richter scale it's all about that
jiggle right
[Music]
this is what stacks are made for right
and then the dollop of butter
I guess it's at that time where I have
to eat this right
that's fluff right there mm-hmm cinnamon
is my lover fluffy Airy you know what
that is probably what you lack in your
life and that stability those are stable
pancakes one of the takeaways in this
video one fluffy pancakes are worth the
hype two cinnamon in your pancakes three
butter makes everything better and four
I'll have four but I'll have more videos
so subscribe to my channel leave a
comment below letting me know what you
want to see me make and who you might
want to see me make it with peace out