hello and welcome back to the road to
get cooking a couple of years ago I won
a cooking contest and I got a a gift
certificate for amazon.com and of course
you know me in cooking I had to go buy
me some kitchen gadgets so I bought some
um sausage making equipment and since
that day I have been the sausage making
queen I'm telling you once you start
making your own sausage you really don't
want to buy that store-bought stuff
anymore over the last couple years I bet
you I've made 100 over 100 pounds of
sausage in different flavors and I found
some really great recipes online some of
which I tried it for the first time and
then I went back and tweaked it and
added you know put my own little flavor
to it um here's my breakfast sausages
that I make for my seniors they love my
breakfast sausages and I make a ton of
those every single week once you start
making your own sausage you will be so
spoiled I'm telling you today I'm making
kobasa sausage it's a recipe that one of
my YouTube Friends shared and I will put
his Link in the comment section now
here's the ingredients let's get started
here I have 1 tbsp of sugar 1 tbsp of
garlic powder 1 tbsp of coarse black
pepper 1/2 tbspoon of onion powder 2 and
1/2 tpoon of mustard powder and 1 cup of
powdered nonfat dry milk here's the meat
that I'll be using I have a 8 lb uh pork
shoulder roast and a 2 lb chuck roast
I'm only going to be using half of the
chuck roast and half of the uh pork Cher
in my measuring cup I have 2 cups of ice
cold water and I will be adding 1
teaspoon of instacure number one and 7
tpoon of kosher salt now I'm going to
whisk everything together until the salt
dissolves then I'm going to put the um
ice cold water back in the fridge so it
can stay cold while I prepare my other
items I will be using natural hul
casings for this recipe I order my uh
hul casings from a company online called
high mountain seasoning and I will post
their link to their website in the
description box below I order this stuff
by the case because I do make so much
sausage now what I end up doing is
rinsing off the uh casings and get all
the salt off and then I put them in a
bowl full of cold water and just let
them sit until they rehydrate and get
soft and pliable where I can use them I
always have hot casings in the bowl and
the fridge cuz I make so much sausage
now you can probably get them from your
local butcher as well here are all the
toys that I'll be using today to make my
sausage there's my scale and this has
got to be my favorite kitchen toy my Lim
meat grinder and this saying this baby
is awesome before I got my meat grinder
I was using the grinder attachment on my
uh kitchen a mixer which was an absolute
nightmare uh here's my sausage stuffer
it's a hand crank job and and it is
really really cool and there's the horn
this is where I'll be attaching the um
natural hog casings on and there are the
blades for my
grinder here I have my stainless still
Bowl which was in the freezer overnight
so it is ice cold and that way it'll
help uh help me keep the meat cold while
I'm working on it here's my pork roast
which I'm going to be trimming up a tad
bit and then chopping it up here's my
chuck roast and like I said earlier I'm
only going to be using half of the chuck
roast and half of the uh pork roast I'm
going to go off camera get everything
all chopped up and I'll be back in a
second everything is chopped up ready to
go here's my pork here's my uh chuck
roast now this is when the fun starts so
now it's time to grind some
meat as I mentioned earlier before I got
my meat grinder I was using my uh
Kitchen Aid mixer and I had purchased a
meat grinding attachment for my mixer
well after the first couple of batches
of sausage I did I thought you know this
really sucks because it was so labor
intensive it took me um over an hour to
grind up a pound of meat one time when I
first started making sausage and I
thought oh no this will never do so when
I won my gift certificate that was the
first thing I did I went out and I
bought myself a meat grinder and all the
other toys that I needed for making
sausage now my suggestion to you is if
you are interested it and you really
like making your own sausage I would
highly recommend you buying a dedicated
U meat grinder and all the other toys
goes along with making sausage it would
make your life so much easier I'm
telling you now uh I had 8 lbs of meat
here that I'm grinding up and it took me
all of maybe 3 minutes to grind up 8 lbs
of meat with my grinder so there you
have it
I finished grinding up all of my meat I
weighed out 4 lounds of the pork and one
pound of the ground beef I put the rest
rest in the fridge and I'll work it up
later on when I'm done with my sausage I
took a minute and I washed up all my
meat grinding attachments and now I'm
ready to start seasoning up my
meat I made another batch of sausage
about a week after I made this batch and
instead of adding the ingredients one at
a time I put them all in a small bowl
and mixed it until it was well um well
combined and then I and then I added it
to the
[Music]
sausage the non-fat dry milk is going in
here and according to my fellow YouTuber
he said the powdered milk will serve as
a binder
[Music]
I fast forwarded the mixing step to save
some time I actually mixed my sausage
for about 4 minutes I and I wanted to
make sure all the spices were well
combined with the meat now you're
talking about a good arm workout oh my
word my arm was so soared by the time I
got done U mixing up this
meat that was my workout for the
day here I'm adding the ice water with
the salt instacure mixture now instacure
number one is a curing salt that
inhibits the growth of bacteria during
the during the low temperature smoking
process it will also give my keilbasa
that beautiful red color that we're so
used to seeing when we buy Kil basa
[Music]
sausage I covered my container with the
lid and I'll put my sausage in the
fridge and let it cure
overnight it's the next day and I've
attached my sausage stuffer to my
stainless steel work table uh here's the
canister with the hog casing on the horn
and um the extra hog casing in the back
there my chilled sausage and after I use
half I put half of it in the canister
and the other half will go in the fridge
until I'm ready to use it and here is my
nice cleaned up meat grinder all washed
up ready to go for the next sausage
project
[Music]
I hand cranked my stuffer until the meat
came to the end of the horn I didn't tie
a knot in the hul casing until all the
air was pushed
[Music]
out here I'm pulling out a little of the
hog casing and I'm going to tie a knot
at the end
[Music]
it was a little tricky trying to tie a
knot and with these gloves
on but I did it
[Music]
now
[Music]
just to make sure that um you know the
sausage casing is getting nice and tight
that's why I'm constantly holding on to
it
[Music]
first batch done I'm going to go off
camera for a bit and I'm going to finish
stuffing the rest of my
[Music]
sausages and here's my finished stuffed
sausage thank of beauty aren't
[Music]
they yeah just take your time and get
them stuffed and then they'll be good to
go now I decided to use a sterilized
straight pen uh to prick all of my
sausages pricking the sausage will get
rid of any of the air pockets and this
will keep the sausage from exploding
during the cooking process
[Music]
I'm going to cook my sausage on my grill
today because I haven't quite mastered
using my smoker at a lower temperature
here's my cherry wood chunks that I
wrapped in aluminum foil then I punch
holes in the foil so when the wood
starts to burn it will release smoke
into my grill adding a super nice flavor
to my sausage now I'm going to cook my
sausage for about 2 to 3 hours or until
it reaches an internal temperature of
100 50° and I'll probably flip them at
least once during the cooking
[Music]
process when my sausage reached an
internal temperature of 150° I
immediately took it off the grill and
put them in an ice water bath to stop
the cooking
[Music]
process I remove my sausage from the ice
water bath to a baking sheet lined with
a cooling rack and I patted them dry my
sausage will rest on this cooling rack
for about 3 hours at room temperature
this will allow the sausage to bloom and
by blooming that means the flavor will
intensify and the color will turn that
real deep dark red
[Music]
after the blooming process I packaged up
all of my sausage and they will go into
the freezer for safekeeping um I have a
cater lunch luncheon coming up in a
couple weeks so um I will be using them
at that time I kept out a few of the
sausages and I cooked them today and I'm
going to share them with my sister
neighbors I topped two with grilled
peppers and onions and two with mustard
and sauerkraut they were all the charts
good can't wait to make another batch
real soon
[Music]
[Music]