hey guys this is Delta face and in this
video I will show you the use of this
pressure washer that I'll be using to
clean this patio area at the back of my
house I've moved all my patio furniture
is out of the way and I'm going to be
cleaning all the algae and all the black
stuff that's kind of grown over this
past year and I started doing a little
bit of it as you can see the right side
here is done and the left side still
needs to be done so let me first quickly
show you this Simpson pressure washer I
picked this up at a Costco they still
sell it at Costco right now it's it's
around three hundred dollars it has a
Honda GD CV 190 engine on it and it
comes with different angle of tips and
right now I've got the 15 degree plugged
in and the connection at the back
basically you have the hose where you
have the water going in and then the
output here the water out goes on this
long black hose here that connects to
the the one where the pressurized water
comes out and there's also a tube that
you can hook up or hook to a soap
dispenser so dilute the water for you on
the side here get on off switch a choke
and I'll give these add some gas make
sure the oil level on the other side is
good let's get this started so hold this
over here to start
so that gives you an idea what this
machine can do to help you clean up you
know any outdoor stuff like a back patio
deck or your siding earlier you might
notice that I have two pushes back in
the choke only because I had to start it
so it's warmer already if it's a cold
engine you do have to leave this out in
this position once it warms up push it
back in but because it was warmed up
already I didn't have to use a choke but
uh I'm gonna continue on with the patio
here this is all done now and that took
all of maybe about 40 minutes or so and
it's still wet right now but once it is
all dried up it will be very white very
clean compared to before where there's a
lot of algae and dirt das build up on it
but uh anyways I thought to show you
this little cleanup I did today and if
you have any questions on this
particular pressure washer or any other
questions let me know thanks for
watching bye