hello stepper welcome to printers video
I'm Prince Martin independent
demonstrator with Stampin Up and today
I'm going to share with you out to do
the prep sweep I find that on split
coats my friend Lydia and share that and
they get another name and I cannot even
pronounce it
so I am not even attempting it so I'm
going to call it the press plate because
really if we're going to press the leave
in the big shot so here I finish that I
was so excited when I find that I went
live on Facebook but then I decide ok
need a video for youtube so this year
it's completely just a live and I think
we do have maple in Texas I'm not sure
it looks like a maple leaf and see they
are big well it's art fine small leaf in
Texas trust me
so I try another one that I get some
place here don't want I don't know which
tree it was neither and this one the
leaves are not as juicy so it didn't do
as much as the imprint so one of what
we're going to do going to do two cards
one the front one two back so when you
see more of the vein I call it and when
it's more soft so let's get started I
like to do it on and bugs it's
complimentary and this little bugs on it
it's all good and once where was I now
and I did it also on regular paper and I
like it on watercolor paper better so
it's your choice so I find a little baby
one here so I'm going to push three of
dance and let me tell you they were hard
to find a little baby one so I'm just
going to put that like this and we could
almost have another piece right here you
know what that's what I'm going to do
here we go
and then we're going to see I think the
bigger that's better it is I'm not sure
so I'm just going to do this like this
put one right there
so it's four don't go for me so I need
five it's just me okay so I get the
leaves all plates here it's going to
give me a nice background I think now so
I get watercolor paper in the bottom I'm
placing another watercolor paper at the
top and try to match them completely
equally and I'm going to show you why
learn from the mistake right now I guess
just a piece of copy paper when it's
like this in between and my Big Shot I
get my regular play ended after a clear
play and then I'm going to put my
sandwich there another clear plate at
the top and let's roll this frugal make
sure my paper you Cory there and I came
back I don't know if you have to roll it
twice but that's what I done on the
other ones I might as well keep on that
way because I know it's work great this
one now let's open it up and let's see
the magic oh how cute is that see you
get all the imprints and now these one
you get more of the color so when you
get more color and you can outdo the
leave twice I try it to do it twice and
really the first time it takes all the
juice out of it see how cute that is I
could even ask more for a background on
this it's wake you and look at this so
if you want you can always come back and
add more let's say I said I wanted more
I can take those sleeve here I can put
one right there and so then I would have
a good background put this at the top I
don't know it's going to do roll it
twice but we're going to see if you
don't try it with
no right and many people ask me what
kind of leave work this and debt and to
be honest I don't have a pool I don't
even know the name of the tree I just
knew that the more juicy the lead is the
better it is
people ask me a false lead kind of work
and then I'm going to be able to tell
you when fall rolls around and the color
change it's just that I know that it
needs to be a you know more wet believe
it's F - juice in it so I'm thinking
when follow them around and you get
those colors on the leave it's more dry
but we're going to try it if while I my
friend very very simple now let me share
with you the one that I did on regular
cardstock so this one here is on regular
cardstock it's still more great it's
just that I love the way that it look
with the texture of the watercolor it
almost looks like it's a material I
don't know I just love it so this is how
to do the Empress leaf with the Big Shot
hope you enjoy this if you do thumbs up
and for all the supplies for this card
here it's going to be listed on my blog
at Frenchy's stamps.com
right above you get the I just click on
that it's going to bring you right there
thank you and ever lovely date bye bye
for now