hi this is Chris from the DIY dish.com
and today I'm going to show you a very
simple technique for being able to make
snow globes it's an especially fun
project to do with your children let me
show you how we get started first of all
you're going to need a little baby food
jar that is clear and see-through you'll
want to have some water on hand a little
bit of Glycerin and some glitter and of
course you can't forget the little
trinket toys I'm sure you've got a lot
of those flying around all right so
let's go ahead and get started what
you'll want to do first is put a nice
big old blob of glue right in the center
of your
lid okay and then attach your little toy
just like that now if you wanted to have
little Tinkerbell here sitting on a bed
of snow then you could add some more
glue and put glitter down and it would
give that look okay all right from there
we're going to
fill this with some water now if I were
doing this on a more of a big scale
project let's say I was doing something
really nice for my home I would actually
want to use distilled water or water
that um I had boiled and let cool down
that would help prevent the air bubbles
later on but for the kids it's okay I'm
just going to use water it's simple and
easy to do I'm going to add a little bit
of Glycerin if you don't have that on
hand you could also use baby oil
and then of course I need to add my snow
so I'm going to add some glitter right
there now you don't want too much
because you don't want to make sure and
cover that
entirely okay so from there I'm going to
turn Little Tinker Bell upside
down and before I do that though I'm
going to put a little bit of hot glue
around
the around the lid that's going to help
seal it into place
and quickly put that on there now you
could also use um a silicone sealant
that would work out really nice around
the edges but again I really wanted to
use things I already had on hand and so
that's why the hot glue really comes in
handy on this
project I'm going to seal all around
there you could also add ribbon to that
that would be so cute add some ribbon
mhm exactly and there she is in her own
little snow
world I think the kids will love it yep
have fun