welcome to halfar meals.com I'm here
with Dave Clancy of the Baker Street
Station in gal and he's going to show us
how to make a Caesar Caesar probably one
of the most popular drinks I've ever
heard of definitely tell me what goes
into making a Caesar Canadian Canadian
it's a Canadian yep interesting why do
they call it a Caesar uh the main
difference between the Caesar and the
Bloody Mary uh is the use of Clamato
juice instead of tomato juice we start
with a lime and we're going to run it
along the edge of the glass you're doing
this because so that it can hold the uh
the Caesar rimmer you can also use water
but the lime adds a nice little flavor
absolutely Cesar rimmer is like celery
salt celery salt um you can make it with
a lot of different things as well like
you can add bacon crumble to it you can
add spices to it you can make it your
own even uh I've heard people using
steak spices wow um bacon crumble
definitely I heard bacon crumble all I
heard was bacon and crumble so you roll
that around
now we go
ice and uh everybody everyone has their
own preference um as to how hot they
like their Caesar or how dark they like
it like personally I drink my Caesar
with a ton of the worser um but with a
very little bit of the hot sauce whereas
I actually like it with the hot sauce
and a little less war Chester cool
situation we'll make yours cuz I like to
try yours all right so a little
darker I like it to tastes like a snake
oh yeah I like spicy stuff so it works
perfect done put those in first two or
three dashes um of
each ounce of
[Music]
vodka top it off with
[Music]
Cato sometimes I see people putting in
celery stocks as a garnish yeah uh we
use we use a lime and and a couple of
Olives but you can use celery stocks we
can uh you can pickle vegetables like
pickled asparagus works really well we
actually pickle our own asparagus we
don't have any right now but uh we were
using that for a garnish as well
asparagus that' be actually really nice
um but there you have it that's your uh
that there looks like a delicious
looking Caesar definitely so I guess uh
a virsion Caesar is the Caesar without
the Vodka exactly well nobody wants that
so right now we have you're going to
sample the Caesar
[Music]
just a little bite it's
[Music]
nice for more delicious summertime
drinks you can subscribe to our Channel
check out some more videos or download
our app at halfar mail.com
[Music]