hey everybody its Margaret with texas
gal treasurers and also the blog
earthworms of marmalade which this is
going to be going up on as well but i am
bringing you a fig recipe basically it's
how I D hydrate and dry figs for further
use in the future I am a firm believer
that you know thrifty living and making
your own is really important in any way
you can I mean if you're hustling all
the time trying to make a living and
then not taking the advantage of the
easy things that you can do in your own
backyard
it's really something you should look
into because one it saves you money it
gives you a sense of fulfillment and
purpose and you know where your food is
coming from
so I I've always you know enjoyed
growing my own freezing making jams
jellies and just you know not wasting
anything that I can my guard is full of
fruit trees vegetables herbs you know
and so if you're out there hustling like
I said consider it you know even if you
just year at an apartment and you get a
pot for basil you can make your own
pesto which you know cost a pretty penny
in the store but anyway here I go so I
am showing you how I D hydrate my figs
my fig trees right now are in their fig
explosion and luckily we're home are
usually away this time of year and we
are home so we are able to really take
more advantage of it because we can pick
more than normal and I just want to make
sure that we are saving as much as we
can to use later in the year the reason
I'm choosing to dehydrate a lot of them
is because we have the opportunity later
in the year to rehydrate them in water
and use them in cakes or breads or
things like that other recipes that call
for dried figs which also as you might
know costs a lot in the store and those
that we don't dry will end up getting
frozen to be used later in jams and
jellies or just immediately made
and jellies because that's what I really
enjoy making so here we go I'm
dehydrating the figs now cutting them in
half will affect the shelf-life but the
last batch that we did it was about
three trays worth and they didn't last a
week so I'm not too worried about it
so here's I forgot to take a picture
what they look like when they got done
but this is them before yum-yum
and I'll take some pictures and video
throughout the process
they're so good look just look how juicy
and delicious oh my goodness I've got
five trays going I'm going to set it
kind of it sweet 135 145 right in there
and then this will go for probably 12
hours or so to get these nice and
dehydrated so that they're not you don't
want too sticky to the touch when you
touch them at the end the problem is
that as it's going I'm always coming in
sampling them so that kind of takes away
some of the some of the figs but that's
part of the fun of it
and they are we'll check back in and see
how they look in a few hours
so here they are about an hour and a
half in you can see them starting to
dehydrate a bit dry out they're not
quite as juicy looking so they're
looking pretty good now we'll come back
in a couple minutes sir not a couple
minutes but a little while to show you
what they look like as they go look at
them it looks so good I think I'm gonna
have to eat that one mmm yum yum yum yum
you can see it's about two hours later
and they're a little more shriveled and
dehydrated as you can see we've also
been nipping at them a little bit so
they're a little more gonna dehydrate it
out
not so much juicy that they're still
sticky there they are let's look at the
next leg down so we're going to keep
going can't delicious there look you're
starting over now lose some of that
moisture right off the top and maybe I
won't have some by the time we're done
so about two hours have passed and we
have actually eaten a whole tray and
part of another one as we've lit the day
progressed so we might have a couple
trays left at the end of this lamb but
as you can see they're dehydrating out a
little bit more they promise to have a
good you know six hours left to go
before they're completely dehydrated but
they're getting there there's still a
little stickiness as you can see on that
one and you need to get them to where
they're not sticky anymore so we're
gonna have some yummy dried figs pretty
soon delicious
but you like bags your vaio like a deer
well that's what we're trying yet eat
that one okay way though you doing room
no yeah me
I'm sure I can hear you what yummy
yes I said
take her down another tray so this is
after about two more hours there's still
a little stickiness to them so they're
going to need a little more time the
moisture is what we'll start if it
starts rotting its that moisture that's
going to hold that bacteria so a little
bit more time to go dishes we're
officially down with three trays I've
been picking at them all day so sweet
and yummy so here we have got our
dehydrated figs and what's left that we
didn't eat and you can see they're
pretty dried out there's not any
stickiness on them when I touch them
they're not tacky they're all pretty
good and dried so that they can store
and so I'm going to take this jar this
mason jar fill er up okay so I was able
to fill up a point and a half jars of
our dehydrated dried figs and what I can
do with these is what I'll probably do
next is put them in the freezer
overnight just to make sure if there's
any bacteria or anything else lurking
which I don't think but you know just
better to be safe than sorry
kill off any germs in the freezer
overnight and then they should be good
for for quite a while but I don't think
they'll make it that long now what I can
do is if I want to make fig bread or you
know use figs in another way I can
rehydrate them in water and and cook
with them but honestly I just like to
eat them like this they're nice and
chewy and sweet and
they will be a nice healthy snack so
there you have it and you can see over
here I've got a hole this is our
morning's pick and this is destined for
some fig habanero jam so that's good
enough next thanks again for watching I
as you know I have a huge passion for
saving and preserving foods and I really
wanted to share this with you so if you
haven't taken the opportunity to try
growing something and saving it for
later you know saving the harvest if you
will give it a try there's really a huge
sense of fulfillment that comes with
growing your own and you know reaping
what you sow so to speak now on this
batch I did forget to blanch them first
which is ideal but they still turned out
fine ideally you'd like to take a pot of
boiling water with some lemon squeezed
in it and blanch them for about 30
seconds before you put them in the
dehydrator and that just helps with the
preserving process but anyway thanks so
much for watching
try this at home if you've got a fig
tree but if not looking at preserving
what you can grow and different things
grow in different areas so do that give
it a try if you like if you grow apples
try making some apple butter
why not it's super fun thanks again for
watching everybody make sure to LIKE
subscribe leave me a comment down below
find me on facebook at texas gal
Treacher's and also check out my other
blog earthworms and marmalade that i
have with my sister all about gardening
and preserving and cooking things like
that so yeah anyway go out and enjoy
yourselves everybody and check back
later for more hauls what no not hauls
but the sales videos and more thrifty
living tuck you later bye
you