hey it's Bren from Greyhouse studio
today we're talking about love handles
toilet love handles and why it's always
the last piece of Hardware to get an
upgrade today we took this handle from
Silver and finished it oil rub bronze
and we're going to show you how start by
removing the handle or whatever Hardware
you plan to paint then purchase a dark
primer copper for the first layer and
then oil rub bronze for the second layer
the surface of your Hardware needs to be
sanded so the paint has some teeth to
bite into tape off any area you don't
want paint like the threads of this
handle then paint the first layer of
primer the second layer of
copper and make sure there's plenty of
time for it to dry before you spray the
oil rub Bron finally scuff up any areas
you want the copper highlights to show
through we usually do the
edges check out how our handle matches
the existing oil rub bronze hardware in
our house
hey if you like this video you might
want to check the other videos out on
our YouTube channel subscribe to stay up
to date on all of Greyhouse Studios DIY
Home and Decor projects and how to
videos click there click
there subscribe now
[Music]