[Music]
[Applause]
don't forget to subscribe my channel
must click on Bell icon
home remedies for nets if you see small
flies in your kitchen or around your
indoor plants they're probably fruit
flies or nuts fruit flies and gnats are
small fly species with many similarities
as well as unique traits fruit flies are
mostly attracted to vegetables and
fruits nets are generally seen near
moist soil or your compost pile fungus
nuts can be found near indoor plants
these small flies are common during the
summer season in homes restaurants
markets and anywhere that food is
allowed to rot in Furman fruit flies can
shorten the life of your expensive
organic fruits and vegetables while not
infestation can damage both ornamental
and edible plants an outbreak of fruit
flies or nets can be very annoying to
deal with many people use toxic
insecticides but they can be harmful to
your health
instead try some natural remedies to get
rid of them one apple cider vinegar a
popular and effective home remedy to get
rid of fruit flies as well as nuts is
apple cider vinegar they are attracted
to its smell and quickly get trapped in
it for apple cider vinegar into a mason
jar or similar container to release more
of its smell you can eat the apple cider
vinegar and then use it add a few drops
of liquid dish soap and stir it well it
will help kill the Flies cover the mouth
of the jar with plastic wrap poke the
plastic with a fork or toothpick to make
holes for the Flies to enter the jar
please the jar where the nets or fruit
flies are swarming when the jar fills up
with dead flies dump the contents wash
and refill it if you do not have apple
cider vinegar simply use white vinegar
to red wine as fruit flies love the
smell of red wine you can use it to trap
them red wine will surely get the Flies
intoxicated mix 1/2 cup of red wine and
1 and 1/2 cups of water pour the
solution into a small container wrap the
top of the container tightly with
plastic then punch a few holes in it but
the container where you see the most
flies the flies or gnats will be drawn
to the smell and ale drown in the
mixture as soon as they make contact
when the jar fills up with dead flies
dump the contents and clean the
container with form soapy water you can
even leave a little bit of red wine in
its original bottle and let it sit out 3
rotten or overripe fruit just like apple
cider vinegar and red wine traps you can
use rotten or overripe fruit to make a
fruit fly trap but several pieces of
very ripe or rotting fruit in the bottom
of a glass jar cover the mouth of the
jar with plastic wrap and poke holes in
it with a toothpick or fork place the
jar where you see the most flies after a
few hours you'll see the jar is filled
with flies submerge it in a bucket of
warm soapy water for about 10 minutes so
that the Flies cannot fly back repeat as
needed for lemongrass essential oil you
can use the strong smelling lemongrass
essential oil to keep both Nets and
fruit flies at bay this is intended to
be used as a preventive measure since
the oil itself will not kill flies that
are already present pour 2 cups of hot
water in a clean spray bottle at 10 to
15 drops of lemongrass essential oil in
it spray the solution around your
kitchen counters near your indoor plants
and other places where you have noticed
these flies the most this cell mate
spray also works to deter spiders and
ants 5 lemon scented liquid dish soap
a lemon-scented soapy solution is
another good option to keep your indoor
plants free from gnats the nuts will be
attracted to the Lamoni smell and the
soap will kill them mix two tablespoons
of lemon scented liquid dish soap and
four cups of water transfer the solution
to a spray bottle spray the soapy
solution on the infested plan to kill
the nuts
finally miss the leaves and stem of the
plant with clean water to get rid of the
soapy solution 6 milk sugar and pepper
get rid of fruit flies and gnats another
tried and tested home a trap for fruits
flies can be made with milk sugar and
pepper the fruit flies will be attracted
to the mixture and drown in it in a
saucepan combine 2 cups of milk 4
tablespoons of ground pepper and 8
tablespoons of raw sugar simmer the
solution on low heat for 10 minutes for
the mixture into a shallow dish and
place it where you see the most flies
when the dish is full of flies dump out
the contents and wash it repeat as
needed