hi reindeer and this video is
particularly about how to remove a
thermoplastic material from the cabinet
door this is not the thermoplastic
material this is the wrong cabinet or
once I removed it and all I had to do we
keep the material up with a just a
regular low powered hairdryer blow dryer
and and then I would be able to move
with thermoplastic material this one
here is from underneath the sink and
it's hit in place for acute needs that
looks it does go straight to neat and if
they're in perfect condition and they're
you know adhering for background well
I'll be darned a hook rig you symmetry
what I did on these to get these off on
this and here I had opened up the door
underneath and then I put my fingers
underneath and I kind of loosened up and
here I'll show you how that works up top
here in a different cabinet and I heated
up the material and as I did with my
fingers behind the thermoplastic
material and it was able to work it off
and in this case things came off in one
one complete clean sheet now in order to
remove this stuff let's go ahead and use
one of my you know office supplies we
don't like having doors here and the
first we want to do is make sure it
remove your card where now you don't
have to take the character door off I'm
not going to I don't plan on actually
removing it don't believe my hinge is in
place and the first thing I do is I make
sure that the screws stays with the
cabinet pull and I put that inside the
cabinet from where it came from
now if I have a left and right cabinet
like they up here for example I will
make sure there's a brake pull is on the
right side and the left fold on the
right side when I put them in there just
so I don't lose them now what I do is
I'm going to turn on the blow dryer so
I'll stop talking for a second but what
I'm about to do here is going to put my
fingers behind the material
hold this this one here is going to come
off net and it doesn't take too much to
come off and idea up this ribs like I
said just sort of regular hair dryer
blow dryer and let's see how that works
I'm gonna stop talking I did
[Applause]
okay there you go I didn't speed that
video up I just sped it up a little bit
that fades in time but what I wanted to
do is I want to show you just it did not
take me very long to get this piece off
this one didn't come off so neat and
clean and the other one in my hand shape
America a couple of them did not come
off neat and clean that means the glue
was adhering better than maybe on this
piece here but this piece look pretty
darn good signal actually felt bad I
just can't airing and leaving it on I
know what I do is two of them done I go
ahead and put the pull back on the door
because I'll be enough I've determined
that I need to have the pull on the door
because I'm pretty darn sure it's pretty
darn straight I'm not going to paint it
I made it I may not and I don't want to
I don't to get caused the project so
that I don't have time to do necessarily
all right or control maybe I got my pull
back on I removed my thermal plastic
door cover and it's got a couple
cabinets to view and I'm going to tell
you that it didn't take me less time to
really remove the rest of these thermal
plastic covers than it did to make this
video so that did for now that was how
to remove the thermal plastic material
check the description below I'm going to
link up to a couple other videos that I
use when I was looking for how to do
this particular project and now these
fine folks had really good ways one of
them is drilling on the fat they I
believe the gentleman just rip that
thing off because the glue kind of had
failed to be able to pop it off another
one a young lady just use the heat gun I
believe she may be used an actual heat
gun to just take the material off and
that would work pretty fast there you
just hit be careful when you're working
with a professional heat gun and for me
just a regular hair blow dryer because
you see I need one anyway so uh I better
either a blow dryer was able to get the
job done and I came off very quickly and
all of the cabinet who
I've taken off so far the thermal
cheating has come up very quickly now
this material here that they're going
means my doors I'll know what's
underneath somebody else's versal what's
underneath mine I'll put in a
description of a notification of the
material that this is I don't remember
the name of it is a would like material
I kind of get the idea that all the dust
from professional cabinet collects on
the floor they sweep it up in a pile
they throw a bunch of glue in it and
form it into a door
I think it's not even part of a war it's
kind of dust board you know I kind of
think that this is I don't know but I'll
put a description in a blown aiming what
kind of wood this is or what kind of
wood type material this is but you do
want to set make sure you that you prime
it paint it because this thing here has
it has a tendency to I guess out gas or
release gases or within the material and
I don't think that it's something that
we want to necessarily be having
floating around in our house or office
all the time so you want a prime it and
paint it make sure that it is well done
now that will help preserve the look and
finish of the cabinet door the other
thing is that if I if these doors were
failing and cabinets were not in UHA
brand I like that I would replace I'd
replace all the cabinet's I had to but
if the doors were just not in good shape
I would replace the cabinet doors I'd go
and get nice flat no direct decorations
in the door and I'd get that and the
reason let me explain that real quick I
like things to be nice and neat and
clean and you need to take care of and
easy to maintain because I don't have
time to sit there and dust all the
little grooves and crevices and I don't
want to deal with that but they're here
and I don't want to spend extra money
either because waiting money on
something I don't need to is you and
cilia and spending all your times out
there but this would collect us it's not
as nice smooth surface as these this
plastic thermal material is these are
easy to take care of maintaining
this is not going to be unless I prime
it and paint it in something that is
easy to maintain so I'll be doing that
I'll make a video about that later on
but for now that just lightly heat up
the thermoplastic material if it starts
pulling off easily continue to work with
it if it doesn't you'll need a higher
temperature heat to loosen up that glue
so that you can relieve the material
from your cabinet doors and again don't
forget to check below for the links to
the other couple of videos that I use in
making a determination that I wouldn't
need go ahead with this process and I
don't forget to give me a thumbs up and
like this video and subscribe if you'd
like to I appreciate that and it's like
it's in the next video take care and be
well