hey guys it's Jana welcome back so today
I am actually doing a DIY job chart for
my kids so I've been wanting to do this
for a while now and I just haven't
gotten a chance to do it just the other
day my daughter was asking me about this
job chart because I did mention it to
them before that I was gonna do one I
just kind of forgot about it and she
just kinda reminded me that I was
supposed to be doing this DIY job chart
for them alright guys so I'm just gonna
show you guys all the things that I got
for this DIY job chart for my kids so
the first thing you're gonna need is a
write board it has like a modern
two-tone design to it which is the white
board is this part down here I
personally want it to get the one that
has the calendar on there just because I
like to put my daily things that I do on
there on the calendar and just like you
know appointments and stuff like that I
could get this from Target and it comes
with a little magnet right here it also
comes with a dry eraser marker I'm sure
you get this from anywhere that has like
office supplies such as Walmart
OfficeMax
any store like that with office supplies
and you don't have to get one that has a
calendar just like mine you could get
like a blank ones up to you I also went
ahead and purchase this mini dry erase
accessory kit
it comes with two magnets a dry eraser
and two mini dry eraser markers I just
thought that this was really cute and
it's just so much easier to just put it
right onto your board and it's really
tiny so you don't have to worry about it
taking up a lot of space so that's why I
got this
you're gonna need pushpins I also got
two more of these magnets then I got
some colored index cards these are going
to be what I'm going to use to write
down their jobs on here I got the
colorful ones just because I love my
board to be colorful I don't want it to
be just one color I love colorful things
I also got these two zipper binder pouch
bags for Jaden and Rylan these are going
to be for their money collected from all
of the job that they complete I got
these the word strips right here and
these are going to be for their names
I'm just gonna put their names on there
and I'm just gonna stick it on here so
that they know which one is theirs I
also got the small Oh gets back sight
here and these are going to be pin on
the bottom so that they can put their
index cards in there after they're done
with completing their jobs I also got
the play money coins and bills I wanted
to incorporate these fake money with the
DIY job chart just because in the long
run I want my kids to learn how to count
money also to help them with math so
that it's really good for the plane let
me set right here and you can get this
from Target online or you could get it
from eBay and Amazon and I did get mine
from Amazon and of course you're going
to want to get some markers or pins or
anything you want to write the job
descriptions on to your index cards now
that I am all set with all the things
that I need for this DIY table chart I'm
just gonna go ahead you know
put everything together
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now that I am done with this part right
here I just put in some jobs that they
can do all these and next comes right
here and I just put the magnets on there
now that I'm done with that I'm just
gonna go ahead and move on to the next
thing that I want to do I'm just going
to put this gift bag right here on the
bottom right here I'm just going to pin
it on right here on the bottoms just so
that they can throw in these index cards
right here when they're done with it
[Music]
[Music]
I am gonna go ahead and just use these
pouches right here and I'm just gonna go
ahead and punch it right onto the bottom
as well
now I thought they got their little
pouches right here so that they can
collect your money so usually with the
money collecting is they will do their
chores throughout the week and then at
the end of the week they collect their
money in their pouches and they could do
whatever they want with their money they
can save it or they can spend it however
they want because they earn it now that
I got the pouches and I am just gonna go
ahead and put their names on these
labels right here so I can put it onto
their pouches I'm gonna use orange for
Jaden and I'm gonna use blue for Rylan
alright guys so now that I got that done
with it looks like this so far
[Music]
alright guys so this is it for today
this is my DIY job chart for my kids and
this is the finished look I just have
some jobs for them to do on this side
and then I have the calendar right here
then I have their pouches right here
this is Jayden this is Rylan
this is where they can collect their
money after they're done with a job and
then they put the job index card is in
here so that I could collect them at the
end and this is basically it guys
I'm just gonna go ahead and open this
mini dry erase accessory kit right here
and just put it right onto the board and
we will be done for the day
so this dogtrot right here is super easy
you don't have to do it exactly this way
you could do it different way it's just
just how I prefer mine and I just think
that it is very easy I will probably add
some more jobs right now I'm just kind
of showing you guys how I want my board
and how it looks like so this is it guys
alright guys I hope that you guys
enjoyed this DIY job chart project that
I did I am really excited to start doing
this with my kids they're actually
pretty excited to do this job chart and
we'll see how it turns out like this is
something that I really wanted to do for
a very long time just because I feel
like them having this job chart they can
learn how to be responsible for their
things responsible to finish doing
something just you know being
responsible overall and this will help
them to be organized also this is a very
fun way to get together and do some
chores complete it and then get rewarded
at the end and like I said we are using
the same money which is a very good idea
for the kids just so that they can learn
how to count money they can learn how to
use money and
I will help them with that and also help
them with math which is really good
because math is important right now in
school so yeah guys this is it for today
I hope that you guys enjoyed this video
if you guys do enjoy this video and
enjoy me doing things like this please
don't forget to give me a thumbs up and
also if you have not subscribed to my
channel yet please subscribe and I will
see you guys in my next video bye guys
[Music]