hi guys so we're gonna search an alot of
you guys does it use watch our channel
so we're going to try it out and it's
kind of person having a kid because oh
there's a lot of us so we can all do a
lot of different things so today we're
going to be diving chicken get some
sugar so all you need for this is a
toothbrush and some food coloring they
do have pet die but I feel like this is
a little bit safer and it's not a lot
like quicker and distributed easier so
first you have to wash your chicken
disguise well that was a dive gonna go
down more and also before she had a
triple bond and like it's kind of baby
now because she's better than a lot but
not so bad because she's been out of
time so we're kind of going to be like a
chicken alright I'm gonna watch your
movie right back your back nice bench
watching the chicken so huge she will
want to make sure that the water isn't
too hot or too cold because cookies
really really really like warm bath they
love me blow dry they love getting their
hair done so now she's wet you want to
get your toothbrush and you don't want
just like any toothbrush that using a
brush your teeth put together separates
you don't like don't you take them with
it to touch so you are going to get your
food calling.we of blue and you're going
to rub it all over the toothbrush and so
once you're done doing that
you're going together to get spooky and
you're going to dress it maybe they want
to start on the underside because if you
start on the other side very very strong
so you just brushed it like this you
brush through the feathers do you want
to include you get everything it's not
going to stay like on the hard part of
this in feather so don't be worried it's
like it's not showing up on the top part
so we'll be right back afterwards
okay so now that we're has been slow
drying this blue one this is what she
looks like she's very blunt talk but
she's done her bond bottom from her last
die so the reason why she's not as
fluffy as this pink one here is because
we gave her a deep condition with
coconut oil so she won't float out for a
couple days but what if she does bump up
this is what she's going to look like so
without further ado thanks for watching