yeah what's going on CHR on the faculty
today I'm going be
pickling
okra cucumbers some jalapenos that are
wrapped really
spicy so right
now I'm sterilizing these about done 15
minutes in the rolling boil should be
good to go all right when you start
pickling you have to have one of these
what this does
essentially grabs a
jar like so to pick them up out of this
hot bath they make a tool it's a long
stick that has a magnet on the end don't
worry these things are magnetized so
what I did I didn't have one so I just
dipped it in here snagged a lid at the
end works
perfectly all right so the next thing I
did I put the okra in a ice bath for an
hour all it's going to do is add a
little crisp to it I'm going to stuff
them into these jars and then what I'm
going to do is I'm going to make a a Bo
a liquid to boil with hot peppers dump
them in there cuz I want this okra
spicy all right I stuffed these jars got
the jalapeno jars I added couple cloves
of garlic paprika crushed red pepper and
regular black
pepper
cucumbers same thing here
then have the ochre
jars so what I'm going to do I'm make a
mixture I'm going to boil it up I'm
going to dump the liquid in these
individual
jars top it off throw a little more
garlic and jalapenos and Dill in
there all right in this mixture I have
about 64 o of vinegar probably close to
18 heaping teaspoons of pickling salt a
lot of jalapenos about a four a cup of
fresh dill about six cloves of garlic
I'm going bring it to a boil and simmer
it off for about five minutes and I've
got this uh what's it called measuring
cup in there I'm going to dump it into
each individual jar and put anything
left over jalapenos garlic Dill into
these jars themselves stuff can get
really hot smell so kick on this fan
open up a window should be good to go
another trick at the end of this process
do not dump out the water when you
sterilize these cuz you're going to put
these back in this hot bath for about 10
15 minutes and then you're going to cool
them down and that's how these Lids will
pop and seal live in they're going to
rest for a month look at
that as you can see I made a rookie
mistake I didn't have enough pickling
liquid to fill all my jars so what I did
I have the rest of the jars in the
refrigerator I complete them tomorrow
they look good I just stuck with the two
jars of jalapenos one cucumber one okra
and then I got garlic and couple pickle
jalapenos see waiting for the 10-minute
Mark when that goes I'm take them out
let them cool right here we'll get to
going all right now it's a waiting game
once they cool these Lids will start
popping that means they are sealed let
them sit for about month which is pretty
tough but once you have them there's
nothing
better it's Chris from The Faculty
signing out