and welcome back to my channel be
cooking with BJ okay we're gonna do hot
water cornbread right quick okay this is
gonna be a quickie not long at all
be right back so what I usually do is
take like a empty ice cream container or
something that I can have a good lid -
that's what I mix it in so we're gonna
use yellow cornmeal flour sugar Morton's
salt and baking powder okay so what I do
first I don't measure so this is gonna
be a little hard for me okay I'm gonna
start it in there in this bowl so you
can kind of see so in order to show you
how much I'm gonna use this spoon but
normally time I just start pouring okay
so I'm gonna use this spoon see how big
this spoon is and I'm gonna put about
four I'm making a big batch I'm not
gonna cook it all right now I just make
it and then I go back to it when I need
to okay that's why I put it in this
container with the lid so it can be
sealed tight you can either store it in
the pantry closet or you can store it in
a refrigerator but it does not spoil as
long as it's not mixed okay so we're
gonna take 2/3
for okay so that's four large spoons of
corn yellow cornmeal
okay then I'm going to put one two
spoons of flour okay you just want to
mix it all together let's see okay now
I'm gonna the way it look I wanna add
just maybe this much more flour okay
I like to make a big batch so that's two
and a half spoons of flour and that was
four spoons of corn meal but what I'm
gonna do is let's go with four and a
half spoons of corn meal okay and this
is like I said this is for a big batch
okay so what I do is I stir it I mix it
together and I store this I only take
out what I want to cook at that moment
okay so now that I got two and a half
spoons of flour 4 and a half spoons of
yellow cornmeal okay so
with all of that I'm going to use one
teaspoon of salt and that's one and a
half teaspoons of salt okay with the
baking powder the baking powder is what
make the high-water coin bit rise okay
so due to the fact that I have quite a
bit of bread mixture I'm going to use
one teaspoon of baking powder and 1/2
okay that's all you need now what I
usually do is after I mix all this
together I'm making one little small
piece of cornbread let me cut the fire
I make one small piece of hot water
cornbread just so I can taste it and see
what I need to add if anything okay so
now with the same spoon I'm going to add
one tablespoon of sugar okay you don't
want it to be too sweet so one
tablespoon and I guess we can call that
a half but it's not even a whole half up
and I just take a fork and I just mix
everything together you don't need to
add no eggs no milk no butter no nothing
liquids until you get ready to cook the
fridge okay when you get ready to cook
it then you add your hot water to it and
that's all you need to do so I'm just
going to keep on mixing this and then
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take maybe about this much and I'm going
to add hot water to it and I'm gonna put
it in a skillet let it cook and then
imma taste it if I need to add sugar or
flour or corn bread I mean or yellow
cornbread keep saying yellow cornbread
yellow cornmeal I will do so one thing I
know for sure I won't need to add any
yellow cornmeal I probably won't need to
add any flour the only thing that I
probably will need to add is either
sugar or salt okay so I won't know what
I need to
until I cook it one little small piece
and taste it so I'm going to continue to
mix this off-camera and what I do is I'm
gonna put it in this container right
here put the lid on it and I'm gonna
shake it around real pull it after I
finish mixing it like this and that's
the container that I'm gonna keep it in
and what I'm gonna cook tonight I'm
gonna leave in this bowl okay so I'll be
back okay this is all that I'm gonna
cook right now just so that I can taste
it and see what I need to add okay so
I'm just gonna taste cook this small
little piece so what I'm gonna do run
the cold water the grease should be hot
enough for it so I added the hot water
to mix this up okay so now my hands of
course my hands are clean I wash them
before I even start to mix em up bring
it okay actually I don't even have to
fix this whole thing but I am okay so
you just take the cold water put the
cold water on your hands
attach your bread okay and then lay it
in the skillet okay you don't want your
grease to be higher than your bridge
okay you want to grease to be halfway so
you don't need a lot of grease okay so
just make sure your grease is halfway
covering the debris not covering the
whole piece of bread if you've got that
much grease you need to take some out
the skillet okay so I'll be back once
that bread is done and I'll let you know
if I need to add anything okay with that
piece it's a little too soft for me it's
not salty but I could taste the salt so
what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to add a little more flour
so instead of it being one and a half
cups of flour we're gonna make it oh it
was two and a half cups of flour so now
we're gonna just make it you get it out
to three okay so I should have just put
enough on the spoon in the first time
okay
so what I did was I added some more
flour okay and I'm going to take this on
forth and mix this up in here and
actually to be on the safe side I think
I'm gonna add a little more flour okay
so I'm gonna add about this much more
flour and like I said I don't cook by
measuring so it's hard for me to try to
show you how much to put but the best
thing for you to do is just start it
with a little and then work your way up
so you just cook it and see how much
more ingredients you need of whatever
you want so if you want it to be more
sweet put more sugar if you want it if
you put too much salt and you want to
cut that salt add some flour or some
yellow cornmeal okay but I don't need
any more yellow cornmeal so I just added
flour to cut the little salt I don't
want to taste the salt taste I want to
taste like a little sweet but a little
cornbread you know what I'm saying so
I'm sure everybody who eat high water
cornbread know what it's supposed to
taste like and I everybody have their
own way of making it and all the way and
have their own taste buds but
so my taste buds don't want that salty
taste so I'm gonna put this on here and
shake it shake it shake it and just to
be on the safe side to make sure it's
how I want it I'm gonna make another
small one and then if that small won't
come out right then I'll just put what
I'm gonna cook off in this bowl and cook
it up and I'll show you the finished
results okay talk to you later okay
ladies and gentlemen this is a finished
product of my hot water cornbread and
the name of this will be BJ Mama hot
water cornbread okay
that's who taught me how to make it and
everybody loved it I live by this recipe
I love my mama and I love this hot water
cornbread thank you for joining me don't
forget to hit the like button and
subscribe if you haven't already
subscribe and I'll see you in the next
video bye