I've been having this problem here
recently when I watched a load of white
they come out with these nasty yellowish
brown stains and spots and I've had to
throughout many of expensive clothes due
to this problem because I just knew that
they were ruined well guess what guys I
found the solution and I decided because
I'm sure I'm not the only one having
this problem to share it all with you
what I was doing I was putting in the
detergent the fabric softener and the
bleach
all at the same time at the start of my
mode just like we all think we're
supposed to do
well after researching the problem I
found out that the problem is the bleach
is getting to the clothes before the
water has a chance to fully saturated
the clothes well folks let me show you
to save time I've already loaded my
laundry in the washer and put the
detergent and the softener close the
door and put the water on hot and press
Start into the water test fully
saturated the clothes now I use the
water cancel fully saturate the clothes
and now I'm going to add leach and wait
for the magic to happen