hey everyone it's Audrey and this is
going to be a different kind of video
than what I usually do I'm using my
vlogging camera today and I'm going to
clean out my closet this is my closet
area I actually just took an Instagram
picture of the situation right now so
this is what my closet area looks like
after I've gone through and tried to
decide what I'm gonna wear
it only really happens when I'm going
out with friends when I have to get
dressed up otherwise I'm a lot more
casual I tend to clip it keep it cleaner
when I'm going through my closet but if
I'm running late or if I have an event
or something and I don't know I'm
scrambling for something to wear I just
kind of let everything get super messy I
don't put stuff away I don't put it back
where I want to and I know that drives
my husband crazy so where do I start I'm
just gonna talk to you guys like this so
up here the cabinets I kind of have
sweaters in there I'm a lot of backpacks
bags my luggage
I'm just stuff that I'm not really going
to use very often and then my actual
closet for where I hang everything it's
mainly I don't know jackets coats
dresses I'm just stuff that I don't want
to get wrinkled by folding and then in
my drawers I have things like jeans
t-shirts pajamas I don't know just stuff
that I can get away with folding because
I don't feel like hanging it I think I
will start by taking everything out of
my closet I feel like it's gonna be a
long day I hope this video isn't going
to be too long I'll try to cut out the
stuff that's unnecessary
but let's get let's get started
[Music]
okay so I just went through my closet
took everything that was hanging it's
now in my bed I was just gonna start
with hanging stuff but I don't know I
figured I would just clean out the whole
closet I guess I'm a little confused
because we usually donate every month
like two or three bags of clothing so
just the fact I have this many clothes
this is way too many clothes for one
person there's no way that I want to
keep this many clothes it definitely
puts it into perspective for me seeing
it on my bed like this and just the fact
that this isn't even all of them I have
clothes in the hamper like I setup
clothes in the top cabinet and in the
drawers feels good to clean but also I'm
ashamed just so you can get a better
idea of what the clothing pile consists
of taking a kombucha break sponsored by
cambogia know I'm sponsored by come on I
wish I wish I was sponsored by
Commission one day the closet is clean
nothing in there just so you guys can
see it's a little bit dirty from where
my shoes were but for the most part it's
still pretty pretty nice so it looks
pretty clean so now to tackle this
mountain of clothing don't laugh at me
you cannot laugh during this process No
so this mountain I'm going to go through
and I think I'm gonna do a quick sort so
what I'll do is I'll sort out the stuff
that I know I just don't want I'll put a
pile of yes maybe and then just know
start with that okay well I'm definitely
keeping this one the 90s called they
want their best back trying on the coat
the faux fur coat I love the pattern and
the fit but I'm just not gonna wear this
it's January and it's too hot to wear
this so how can it bring me joy it makes
me sad that I can't wear it I see you
you're just hanging out by the hangers
yeah you love it when I procrastinate
that's gonna be fun to untangle okay so
I actually ended up doing something
different than what I said I was going
to do I have a pile of stuff that I
definitely don't want to give away but
maybe I should try on just in case and
then I have a pile of stuff that I feel
like I can donate or maybe sell on deep
hop or Poshmark it's just in really good
condition and I don't think I'm gonna
wear it but I feel like someone else
might want to wear it and so there's
that and then there's just a pile of
stuff that's old and torn and pilled and
just like no one's gonna want that this
is the pile of stuff that is like torn
or stained just stuff that I definitely
can't sell or it's just in no good
condition to be able to donate either
and I thought it was interesting how
everything is white or beige I think
that's really weird what they're all the
hanging stuff so what now let's go
through the drawers time to do the
cabinets this one I don't even know
what's up here I see some a bunny
pajamas though
[Music]
surprisingly not dusting so that's a
good but there's a lot of space up here
so you can see all of this was up there
doing an Instagram story for whether or
not I should keep this spider-man
sweater I mean I think it's pretty
obvious that I'm keeping this like how
can this not bring you joy up in the
cabinets I found a bag of all my
swimsuits all the ones that I wear
regularly I keep in my cabinet so I'm
gonna have to sort through all of these
cuz I don't know if I need this penny
swimsuits honestly okay guys so it's
actually two days later it took me a
long time to sort through all the
clothing to organize it and just get it
into I don't know some kind of system
that wasn't going to make me fall into
the same pattern Rolly and I actually
went to Target and we picked up a couple
like baskets and just things that would
help me organize my closet better and
now I'm ready to show you what my closet
looks like it's a pretty big difference
I think so let's do a little closet tour
can you help me fill my closet tour yeah
just hold the camera okay so when you
open up my closet
looks so nice yeah so this side of my
closet it's just I know jackets dresses
just tops and other things that need to
be hung I'll be able to have some pants
here and then underneath I took out that
what is it called
those little cabinets that I had and now
I'm just putting my boots there but I
have another shelf of shoes and then I
keep a lot of my sneakers under my bed
because I have a pallet bed so I bought
these accessory loops um you can see I
hung my belts from here this has all my
jeans this has all my like denim skirts
and shorts and like other skirts that I
just hung by the tags or the belt loops
I have all my t-shirts here and then
also turtlenecks it just didn't make
sense for me to fold those things when
it would just get messy every time I was
looking for a t-shirt it would just be
like crazy and be crazy chaos and so
whenever I need a t-shirt that I want I
can already see what I'm dealing with
and then I'll just slip it off and put
it back on all my sports bras didn't
realize that I had so many sports bras
all my all my active wear was actually
in your closet my closet so it was
clogging up my husband's closet so I
wanted a different system where I could
put my own clothes in my own closet so I
wasn't getting in the way of his and I
have crop tops over here tank tops and
body suits oh and then I have um more
hangers in case I need but I don't think
I'm going to have any other things I
need to hang except for the stuff that's
in the hamper which I'll worry about
later and then this little shelving
system that I had on the other side I
moved here and put it upright instead
and all my accessories are in here I
just have hats beanies scarves I think
I've some clutches and I think fanny
packs and then on the bottom one this is
messy but it's just because it's pajamas
I just figured I would just throw my
pajamas in there
I mean I'm not gonna fold my pajamas I
think that's weird
well then let me just make it look nice
on the bottom here are all my knit
sweaters pullovers and yeah drawers I
organized a little bit differently this
used to be where I put my t-shirts and
pajamas and now it's all my underwear
bras and socks there's a hair there
about these dividers at Target so I can
separate all these things and the next
drawer is ajar for all my swimsuits I
know that it's not that organized but I
feel like I didn't really have a space
for my swimsuits before I just kept them
in like a bag on top where the cabinets
are so that's really nice for me and
then the last shower is just active wear
that I rolled up all my yoga pans and
then just some active our sweaters up
here in the cabinets I clean this out so
it would just be for storage here's my
suitcases something our backpacks bigger
tote bag this person's that I'm I only
used for like travel I'm not all the
time I don't grab for these every day
and then on the other side I bought two
of these kind of baskets where I could
put more seasonal stuff scarves really
big jackets stuff that are probably only
gonna wear for like Christmas or when we
go to the snow I think my snow boots are
up there somewhere in the back more bags
more backpacks it's just stuff
sentimental stuff that I don't want to
give away I'm not going to become a
minimalist overnight and so I'm not
ready to get rid of that stuff but maybe
eventually I think that's the closet I
hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video watching me clean out my closet
I'm a lot happier now because I feel
like because it's more organized I'm
just going to be able to keep it cleaner
every time I get dressed I feel like I'm
not going to be just throwing my clothes
everywhere because I know where
everything is now if you like organizing
videos like this let me know because I
have a very very messy desk and a messy
bathroom
that I also have to tackle so I will see
you in the next video bye
[Music]