Hey
so today we're cooking Johnsonville
vermont sausage mini breakfast sausage
will do I went ahead and heat up the
skillet and I've turned it to medium-low
and I started I throw them in here and
you're wondering why you didn't see the
beginning of that it's because I didn't
have the camera running you know you
gotta be honest you know I guess keep it
real so thank for watching and hasn't
patience with me
I just got it started you're gonna cook
these for about 12 to 15 minutes on
medium low and your skillet if you don't
have a cast-iron skillet that's okay
they're just not going to taste as good
so what I'm gonna do is I need you guys
help on this comment in the comments
below I'm going to put some music on let
me know what in the comments below what
johner of music you like to listen to
you know I listen to anything but it's
not what I like it's what you guys like
I want you to know a lot of you come
here for the first time but you know
comment anyway I want to get you guys
and subscribe and keep my subscribers so
I want to make this easy for you inspire
you to cook some sausage
[Music]
see
[Music]
man okay
these are finishing up I gotta tell you
it smells like two maple syrup in here
and saw fridge and just amazing
I know these look good see for those of
you that don't know how to cook sausage
at least you could watch this and go man
I got to listen to something cool and I
got to watch something amazing and
they're there they are right up close
doesn't they look good mmm all right now
thanks for listening this far because
after this video in a coming up video
I'm gonna show you how to cook something
else and it's gonna be the main dish to
what this goes to do you know what what
I'm gonna put this with what is the main
dish if you think you know leave a
comment down below that way I'll know
the people that are actually watching
all my videos and not the people to just
go mmm that looks good