first thing you want to do is look at
the key aspects such as the build
quality like behind these zippers on any
type of paper with this type of camo
it always has to be white because if the
background is not white the stitching is
gonna be messed up and you have to like
there's a big difference between a real
beep and a fake babe like in the feel
you could see how the stitching is
perfect or fake babes
it wouldn't be and the shark mouth the
stitching has to be perfect on each
teeth and the eyes have to be closed
they can't be far apart like up to here
and a big giveaway doctor fake babes
always make is that the letters on the
side the Y Z on the G is always a little
tiny bit bigger than that I'm in the W
and they have to be perfectly spaced in
between each other like mine is a bit
dirty right now that's why everything
looks bad then on the other side the
tiger on it has to be perfect can't feel
fake and the shield on one hand also us
to be perfect but the fake beeps don't
know how to do is with their faith babe
the shield is always like crooked so on
this one a perfect circle perfect star
and also another one is the stitching on
the tags on this one you have to have
the babe hat perfectly and sometimes
when they're produced wrong in the fakes
there are would be curving around this
and it wouldn't make the stitching look
perfect now behind it there's supposed
to be a babe hat and you can't look too
fake so you have to look at the
stitching another thing as the
are always made by YKK right there
right okay this is beep on him and the
bottom zipper is always bigger than the
top zipper another thing is what things
don't do is behind the size tag they're
supposed to be always a be pad see
there's a big head and behind the
stitching there's nothing because they
stopped stitching them they do print now
and everything has to be perfect
both gone mad 1993 to 29 three hours
real bathing egg another thing is the
tag on the side with the golden iPad has
to be perfect like you see it's perfect
behind it there supposed to be weird
letters can relate those and tags up to
you perfect to says do my iron and half
of the time they're all in Japanese and
it's supposed to say if bathing ain't
100% cotton they should appoint you to
be calm and it should always say you
meet in Japan so yeah see there so yeah
like I said the part with the camera
always has to have done wait and you
could look at the white part of the very
called camel and the fix it's yellow so
like you have to look very closely but
as you can see right here mine is white
and the e pads on the beep shouldn't be
bending or looking disfigured like you
could see minor real so yeah guys this
was a to show you how to look at the
differences between a fake beep and a
real babe remember the stitching always
has to be perfect okay guys