and
hey guys so I have a new video today it
a DIY Starbucks iced coffee and I did
originally get this recipe from the
Starbucks website because I am a member
there and they give out like some
recipes I guess you could say not all
the time but they gave out this one so I
said why not make this into a video
because who does not want to who does
not want to like make their own
Starbucks drink and make it for like $2
instead of go buying it for like 5 so I
decided to make it for you guys today
and this does originally make two cups
like two drinks of the iced coffee so I
would just want to let you guys know and
I am in a new place I'm not in my
bedroom because I filmed over here in my
living room so I said why not do an
intro and outro here so that's what I'm
doing so yeah let's just hop right into
the video the first step of making your
eyes coffee is just put in 6 tablespoons
of whole bean coffee beans into a coffee
bean grinder and my coffee beans are
just from Starbucks and it's the
Starbucks um dark whole bean espresso
blend I think I don't know but but just
put six tablespoons into your coffee
bean grinder and then just make sure
that the grinder is on course and then I
just set like my little timer thing that
was on it to ten and then I just waited
for that to all
once your coffee beans are all ground in
course you can just boil some water on
your stove and I just blow of mine into
this tea kettle thing once your water is
all done boiling you can just measure
out 12 fluid ounces of boiling water
once you're done measuring out all your
water you can just get your French press
and put in on all of the coarse ground
um beans that you used and as you guys
can see I did use the espresso roast
dark whole bean blend from Starbucks as
you can see right in the corner and then
once you're done putting the coffee bean
grounds in there you can just put in
your 12 ounces of boiling water and then
just stir that up and once you're done
stirring all that up just let your
French press sit for about four minutes
while your French press is sitting for
four minutes you can just take a
standard on coffee pot and just fill
that up with six to eight ice cubes and
I just put eight ice cubes in mine
because I do like my coffee nice and
cold when it is iced after your French
press is sitting for four minutes you
can just put the cap on and then just
push the plunger down all the way to
actually make your coffee and once
you're done making your coffee you can
just pour that in to your standard
coffee pot with the ice cubes while your
coffee is cooling down in the pot with
the ice cubes you can just fill up
whatever cup you would like I just had
the Starbucks cup because we keep ours
because when we make our iced coffee we
do like to drink them out of Starbucks
cup or like Kwik Trip guru but gold cups
like that but you can use any cup I just
obviously took the Starbucks cup and I
thought is appropriate for this video
and then you can just fill that up with
six to eight ice cubes I chose six
because it just sounded like a lot to me
inside of the cup you know what do you
mean and then once you're done filling
up your cup with ice cubes you can just
pour your coffee in to your cup I just
fill mine about halfway and just
remember this does make two cups so I
filled up both of my cups about halfway
with coffee and I tried to make them
equal and then you guys can totally have
this just black coffee but it's very
strong just warning you but um I like to
put in hazelnut creamer so then that's
what I did and yeah you can just stir
that up and there you go you have your
Starbucks your DIY Starbucks iced coffee
I hope you guys liked this video I think
it turned out so good me and my mom okay
so like we totally fit we had this guest
recipe ever like in June so we've been
making it for such a long time and
whenever it's very hot outside of you
for making this then tastes so good I
hope that you guys like it and if you do
make it the hashtag that will be down
below or here here is here what now
anyways um yeah if you guys like this
video please give it a thumbs up and if
you guys like it I can make more
Starbucks drinks stuff like that leave a
comment down below if you guys want me
to do that also but like it too you know
and then if you haven't subscribe to the
leasing ladies internet kid place you
should do that yeah okay um anyways I
hope you guys like this video and I'll
see you guys in my next video bye love
you always