hey hey welcome to Viking preparedness
I'm peso jofoc so I know a lot of y'all
wanted to know how the watermelon wine
turned out I got several of these quart
jars and some people have been testing
it done ah let's go let's go see what
they have to say so sister Amanda was
the it's so sister amanda was the first
one to do I have to go over here because
the light is horrible I'll go here you
can sit there so what what do you think
and please honestly be honest with shark
is that to say like wine or like stinky
watermelon that's been syndrome and you
said something about how strong you
thought it was and you know a thing or
two about liquors of the liquor and
stuff because used to be a bartender
yes sister Kate who has you just got
your first glass right Oh what do you
think I find it too sweet
I find it's more fun for me to drink if
I mix fruit juice with it so it now
becomes like a fruity almost and I think
would also taste good if you mixed it
with a ginger ale to make it less well
sister Amanda did club soda
something that doesn't is an artisan so
I know that people are gonna be like
shot brother Travis Yeshua no I'm trying
to get serious here and you're acting
like you're drinking out of your leg
what was the first miracle Jesus Yeshua
performed no that's right wine right so
we're having a little wine and what are
we playing here all right I'm gonna show
everybody your scorecards and then
people out there who know how to play
well know who's winning
pastor Joe's doing horribly all right so
let me get all of y'all all y'all that's
a funny term oh I can't okay here we go
all right