all right so today I'm Jim Craig Dave
we'll be starting the revival of the
barn find Fiat this thing is a true barn
fire it's been in the shed for years and
then try to get it running and drive it
out of here first let's take a look at
the car come on
[Applause]
this car has a if I'm correct 800 cc or
850 cc four-cylinder and the rear manual
transmission and bought it in the front
let's go pop the bonnet and see hey
buddy
sit go ahead you look angry huh hey I'm
gonna have to you know I hate to do this
but I'm gonna have to ask you to leave
the car we're gonna make it a car again
instead of your nest all right all right
no I'll catch up with you later we've
got some work to do let's get started
tell my possum removal tool okay listen
to your friend all right going yeah
who's out good pot dump yeah you are
yeah you are he's not even that harmful
look at him
all right dude I need to just just send
it just away you go
adios Herman how do you want to do this
throw you out you drag you out I can
shoot you and then take you out not want
to do that goes into the hole and
something they need in the car so firmly
I would like for you to leave you are so
ugly as an old possum to the jelly ugly
face I'm petting it with 2x4 I would
leave you there but I need to get to the
battery so get out now go that way no
out here [ __ ]
well there he is all right we're gonna
leave him there and start on the car I
might get rabies send it
this is the new top someone has
purchased for the car they never got
installed some more coupe covered same
question mark this is worse than
roadkill to discuss today I'm just gonna
come out and say right now my animal in
it
there's just had the remains of animals
oh look at that
Fiat Sport 850 let you know that there's
still a live possum somewhere near my
foot I haven't covered the battery tray
essentially rusted through damn it
look battery terminals alright let's
look a booster pack up do that happen
yeah I know when I was a kid and this
motor used to be free but his sat for
here's a thought spark please in it this
building has has most of the building
here so we'll see what happens hopefully
it still ranks let's see what having
only finicky yeah contact boom this we
can do this this can run that can run I
know that's a terrible thing to base
that awesome but I can make that work
alright let's uh see if we get this
thing get some spark all right I'm
pretty sure we got power to our points
here because it was sparking when I was
trying to open them screwdriver and slip
a piece of sandpaper in here try to
clean these suckers up alright we've
gone ahead and sanded the points and
some other stuff maybe you have a spark
we'll find out
we have spark all right let's slap the
sparklers in this and dump a little
starting fluid or gas in it let's see
what happens all right that's Franken
all right real first time this has made
noise and probably 30 years
all right I've gone ahead and mess with
the timing a little bit here I still
can't get this number one spark plug in
for now but let's see it's having a
difference I think that's pretty out of
whack more than enough all right
all right good yes this thing's gonna
run
holy [ __ ]
dude it runs
all right good turn the key off let's
see if we get that fourth plug in there
and maybe wreck up a fuel system all
right
we had to get a new spark plug wire and
I had some one hand but nothing like
this style so we went complete Jenko and
put this together see if it works
all right we've got the we've got all
four cylinders hooked up now to play
with the timing a bit you got messed up
now it's not fighting those anymore go
ahead and crank it up
let's go rig up a fuel system and all
right so we've got our super Jake
clickety-clack me fuel pump running into
a bucket of gas I'm a booster pack you
might have filled the bowls we might not
have oh no go and hit it just so happens
freaking idols
well the gauge lights work even hmm it
runs all right we're back for day two of
the barn find Fiat yeah see if it will
move on its own power today
all right forces bootsie's sake I've
gone ahead and wired the fuel pump to
the one working daylight yeah then I can
prime the car aren't off from in the car
and now I have to have a second rational
source crawler than this disgusting
[ __ ] bucket of [ __ ] watch out for the
poop like it poop
there's all turn that's a massive okay
I'm in the full car small spider webs -
that's nice
televator seem to work
I can say to say that something is not
correct after a bit of playing around
we've determined their fuel tank is
clean as well as the mechanical pump
does work actually so we're gonna set
that back up to factory move on from
there
all right fire it this will be the first
time it runs off if it's in this will be
an independent start
there's a bit electric fire burning off
40 year-old boy
so is there a stuffed tiger what was the
break for spell imagine a future I put
in here at the clutch in the clutches
fellas not really if I rusted or that if
it's a hundred there ligaments a
hydraulic clutch room
title 80486
well I'd say it's deserving to be
drugged out and cleaned up and go
through the breaks even get the movie
skid loader let's dig this thing on the
barn it runs dig it out of the possum
pit
let's if we get the drive