this video has not been made to frighten
you just to make you really aware of the
dangers of asbestos it came about
because we were asked to board out a
hundred-year-old look the vermiculite
insulation looked suspicious and we
needed to test it for asbestos while
researching we were staggered to find
how many applications asbestos had in
days gone by here are some examples of
where you might find it in all the homes
if asbestos fibers become airborne they
can be breathed in very very easily
they're microscopic you wouldn't know
and it's a long time before the symptoms
become apparent
we were led to asbestos sampling calm
and we sent for their DIY asbestos
testing kit and arrived the next day
great service the kit contained
easy-to-follow instructions a large
prepaid return envelope some very
fetching safety coveralls two highly
visible waste bags with asbestos warning
labels simple to use sample submission
form safety gloves inner and outer
sample bags disposable respirator that
grips really well - protective cleaning
wipes a sealable bubble wrap bag and an
outer waste bag
you'll need to provide a pair of
suitable goggles and a garden rose spray
fill the Rose spray with water and add a
drop of washing-up liquid
after spraying the bay's to keep the
dust right down we collected a number of
samples from different bays in total the
samples would have been around the size
of the 20 papers
please use this video along with the
instructions supplied not instead of
them
sealed the sample back tightly using the
preformed strip within the bag
once back in the fresh air we seal the
inner sample bag into the outer bag
the sample bags then went into the
bubble wrapped bag
and the whole lot into the prepaid
return envelope
we suggest it's a good idea
by yourself down before undressing to
keep any asbestos fibers in place
undress putting all of your outer
clothing into one of the red waste bags
use the wipes all over anything that
might have been exposed at taking your
mask off last to be sure seal the red
bag placing it into the clear outer bag
and look on DIY doctor for a suitable
list of places to dispose
the sample is then sent to the lab where
24 hours later not including weekends of
course the results are returned to you
by email and text in this case the
result was nad is no asbestos detected
in sample we were lucky if you would
like to know more about asbestos and to
order your testing kit from asbestos
sampling calm pause the video for 2
seconds and go to the DIY dr. URL you
can see here in white if you're watching
on youtube click on the link that
follows please do not take chances with
asbestos order your kit today from
asbestos sampling calm