this is a good way to seal something
that you're going to have out in the
weather for instance this is a wooden
duck that will want to put in the pond
if I just put it he put him in the pond
like it is the water would eventually
soak it up soak up into the wood and it
would crack and wouldn't be fit very
long what I do use this golf wax you can
buy it in any grocery store it's used
for canning
it's a paraffin wax and here's how you
seal it from the weather take the wax on
a cart what's how to heat I'll just heat
the wax
just hot enough to melt the wax
the wax melts real easy when you use
something like this for charge
you use a smaller torch they come in
various sizes don't want to apply too
much heat takes it down a little bit it
makes the wax coat evenly
that way whatever you have anything had
a wood that you like to keep out in the
yard and want it to stay good shape it's
got a he wouldn't go to wax throughout
the water cannot penetrate that wax that
thing ought to be there for years son
does not get it hot enough to melt off
there either and that's how you preserve
something out of yard it's fine to do
even if you have something made of steel
small ornaments in the yard or whatever
it works right for that too and it makes
it last a long time