hey there cake pop lovers many cake
poppers find that their candy coating
can crack after hardening here are a few
reasons why this happens either your
cake pop is to hold or you rolled it too
tight while your cake pop ball starts to
reach room temperature it starts to
expand this causes the cracks in your
candy coating here are a few helpful
tips to prevent your cake pops from
cracking make sure that the room you're
working in is at a nice room temperature
I always keep my thermostat at 73 to 75
degrees also do not keep your cake balls
in the fridge or freezer right before
dipping you'll want to let them come to
room temperature before dipping into the
candy melts and make sure your candy
melts are not too hot adding paramount
crystals or shortening also make the
coating more pliable and less prone to
cracking if you find the half of your
cake pops have cracked keep calm and
make it work you can use piping to pipe
over the cracks or make some lines you
can also use a toothpick and fill in the
crack you can also double dip the cake
pop or you can just add a bunch of
sprinkles I hope you like this video
don't forget to check out my Etsy shop
and thanks so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe