I know you're happy gardeners welcome
back to stinky ditch nursery we got
Charlie on camera again our original
Charlie man say hello hello I just show
you a picture of Charlie he he was slim
shady and he's now gone for the American
Marine look and he has a hat with a
little shown the little thing this is
say don't lose your hat
another thing you have on gloves when
you're a kid don't useless anyway on
your mittens so back to the demo today
we are planting up hollyhock seeds now
hollyhocks you normally plant them in
january/february even March but I'm
gonna plant up a bit later because
summer has been kept taking so long to
come on this year let's try and plot
with it also hollyhocks are eaten by
slugs they get rust if you don't use
things to get rid of that and thinks to
get rid of the slowstar high tones you
just have to grow loads of them grow
loads and loads of them and some of them
will survive so anyway to do this we
need a plastic pots recycle everything
I'm gonna put some holes in the bottom
of that some compost our compost wants
to be a nice gritty yeah that's it show
Charlie you can get some seed compost
give it a sip or you can get some
multi-purpose compost and some sand to
it give us if you want it nice and fine
also we want hollyhock seeds now
hollyhocks these charge can get that
camera in here I collected my own from
last year there you go that's what it
look like dry mate keep now honey lock
seeds like to have a 12-hour soak before
you plant the maggots if they're dry
like this so you pop them in some water
warm water not too hot little bit warm
water in the morning or you do it in the
evening if you're gonna put up and even
so we also need pair glasses a label a
pen and here are hollyhock seeds as you
can see I've been soaking them in water
for the last 12 hours right then Oh pop
from the supermarket we want some
drainage in this so we can better good
stabbing and then we fill it with our
seat
compost like that give it a flatten him
off a bit give them a bit of a pro stone
and then Charlie if you follow this onto
the floor we are now going to give it a
bit of a soak
in there that will drain through nicely
because we got nice sand in there and
there we go no we get our lollipop seats
out just with your finger like this they
don't need to plug them too closely
together because these can be left in
here until they gets quite you know a
few inches tall before we actually want
to pop them up I got some more to show
you in a minute anyway everyone's gonna
get bored if I put out all of these so I
just put it I'll just plan out a few
there we go
you getting porchetta right so put those
on and then we give them a bit of a fine
coating sort of quarter of an inch
five millimeters and that sort of thing
that we want to put over the top of that
like that and then we stick our label in
and there we go leave that for about two
weeks to germinate um they they like
light to German that's why I put very
thin coating on here it's a very gritty
mix so I'm hoping that the light will
get through to that we'll have a nice
good germination rate after a couple of
weeks they will germinate and they'll
turn into things like this there we go
there's some there that I planted on the
21st of the second this year as you can
see little things were already trying to
nibble them I'll do a little another
little post and show you how to put
those up and this has been Ruby Phoenix
and Charlie on camera down a stinky
ditch nursery if you don't want to grow
any of this stuff and you just want to
buy it come and visit us at
www.cdxzipstream.com