tips to keep a cut apple from turning
brown
fresh sliced apples discolor and turn an
ugly brown when exposed to the air to
avoid this here are some simple tips to
prevent apples from turning brown so
they will stay looking fresh longer
one method is to brush the surface of
the apple with lemon juice another thing
to do is to pour a tablespoon of lemon
juice over the apple slice and you can
either put it into the refrigerator or
keep it at room temperature
another method is to place the apples in
water that has had lemon juice or cider
vinegar added to make it acidulated the
squeezed lemon can also be cut into
slices and added to help acidity water
use approximately quarter cup of lemon
juice to 2 pins of cold water juice from
other citrus fruits such as orange and
grapefruit can also be used do follow
these tips and keep your apples fresh
and healthy better health could be as
easy as reaching for the fruit bowl for
some apples next time you need a snack
you