as a hand applique or my first choice of
thread is silk thread now the problem
with silk thread is that it's a very
slippery thread and so a lot of people
will get very annoyed using it but it's
nice about it though is that it goes in
very smoothly and your stitches are
practically invisible regardless of
whatever technique you're using for your
hand appliqu√©d so in this part I want to
show you the trick that I use to keep my
thread my strand from slipping through
the needle as I so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to take a strand we're
going to pull off the spool and I'm
going to fold it over maybe three to
four inches okay find my needle and I'm
going to try to pinch this okay maybe
you helped myself with the needle and
pinched it as close as I can to the
needle pull it out and then thread that
tiny little loop
so you can see the loop there right
so basically I've got two strands that I
throw the two strands but I've got a
loop at the top and then I'm just gonna
slip my needle through the loop and hold
on at the bottom the two strands and
pull the needle through and basically
what I'm doing is I'm creating a little
dot right there okay and that's as easy
as it gets
hey no more slipping