[Music]
today I'm going to be making a few and
delicious green smoothie to go in new
600ml blending cup for the ascent series
and today I'm going to be using the
top-of-the-line Vitamix ascent a 3500 I
which is it looks great and it is such a
breeze to use so I'm going to get
started I've got my accessories blending
cup here comes in this handy little box
perfect fruit gift it doesn't come with
a blade though so you're best to buy
this starter kit which comes with a 225
mil blending bowls so super easy to use
and I'm gonna start with a third of a
cup of ice always start with your ice if
you're unsure and how to sort of build
it in these cups
it comes with its handy little booklet
here so it says to put in the ice and
frozen ingredients first fruit and
vegies leafy greens any dry goods like
grains or seasonings and then your
liquids on top so that's definitely
handy to keep by so I'm going to keep it
that because I'm still getting used to
it all as well but we've got here the
ice and then I'm gonna put in there so
it smells amazing I've got fresh mango
and some green grapes banana and lemon
all quantities are in our website so I'm
just going to chuck these in got your
lemon banana this is perfect if you have
any
leftover fruit salad from a big bowl or
anything like that delicious and then
I'm going to pack in some leafy greens
easiest way to get your greens is just
to pop them in a green smoothie
tastes great and packed with nutrients
I'm using spinach today and then I'm
just going to use about a quarter of a
cup of water pop that on top and now
we've got guide arrows on the blade so
just here I can't really see it but when
you get one yourself just check out for
the black arrow there and then match
that up where it says maximum capacity
you'll see just above it another arrow
to try and line those ones up so the
self detect can actually work the
machine will actually sense with it's
not technology that you just popped the
600 ml container on top and it will
leave it'll adjust the presets
accordingly so that's then hopefully
reading and I'm going to showcase the
smoothie setting which is this one here
got a press it's all good to go it's
gonna stay 38 seconds and I'm gonna
press Start and we'll be drinking
[Music]
[Music]
all right this Green Goblin of a drink
here so I'm going to take that off and
the beauty of this is all you need to do
is just take your blade assembly off
give it a rinse hope you trample it on
and you can just walk out the door with
a delicious green smoothie ready to go
happy blending everyone
[Music]
[Music]