Irish
germanica German Iris they are really
really lovely plants and and a huge huge
variety color and semic colors and
shades of of colors that you can
possibly imagine uh very easy to grow
like a lot of sun now it's it's a ryome
like this and that's got to be baked by
the sun you can plant these straight out
into your borders and they'll grow away
quite happily and be left alone and form
quite a big Clump uh I'm I'm as with
most things gardening I want to I want
it now and I want it quicker so I'm
going to plant them in pots just to
actually bring them on before I actually
put them out in borders few Pebbles I've
got these old decorative Pebbles any
sort of Pebbles do just for the drainage
cuz they don't like to be water loged
most plants don't what they what they
really want is is a damp moisture Rich
compost but not soaking wet Now The
Roots come like this this anchor roots
and The Roots will automatically drag
this plant down this is where the
feeding is coming from the fine fibrous
Roots the big thick fleshy roots are
really the anchor Roots they hold it
into the ground now they will go quite
nicely on there more
compost in the bottom to cover those
roots bear in mind that you hold the
ryome up all the time keep that cuz that
only goes on the very surface of the
compost um now I'm going to to plant
these on so you push that down make it
nice and firm push that into the top of
the
compost and sort of only half plant it
if you like only half bury that that
corn because as much sun as we can get
onto that ryone
there is what we need to beat down on
that because that creates the food that
creates the leaves and the flower and
the flowers are magnificent beautiful
bearded IR are in a clump are a joy to
the eye they really are and the
varieties and colors that they bring out
now is endless Iris are a great variety
of plants whether you buy them and plant
them in the Autumn or in the spring
makes no difference if you're doing it
in the Autumn just make sure you cover
them over with a mulch just for the
worst of the frost but otherwise they'll
both do very well now a few varieties to
keep an eye out for loop the loop creamy
white gam Madrid purple with a red by
color
Superstition dark dark blue almost black
Nal longan yellow and purple Howard weed
orange red by color Enchanted one yellow
purple and bronze Sultan's Palace
there's a name Rich velvet orange red or
Nightfall purple near Black by color I
tell you what the variety really is
endless for color but they're wonderful
plants and I'll give you a joy for many
years to to
come and that's all you need to do with
that that'll root quite happily it's end
of fed now um I'm going to grow that on
let the frost get by let the ground warm
up a bit bear in mind that the ground
and the air temperature is slightly
different so this will go out probably
May time when when the ground's warmed
up nicely that will grow grow away and
I'm looking forward to some beautiful
flowers off that a big clump of them
different colors different varieties
they really are a beautiful Ranger
plants so 6 weeks on in the pot and
these Irish germanica are going in
now it's quite Shady this garden and
there's there's not too many hot spots
but this is quite a good one um this
spot along here catches a lot of sun and
that's what they need they need a baking
sun to feed that bulb to throw a good
flour and the was spectacular so I'm
trying it in this spot it might or it
might not work but I think it might and
when it does the pictures are going to
be spectacular fantastic Irish ger
manica you can't go wrong for a show