good morning I'm Chef Tony huder from
lco C there in St Louis Missouri today
we're going to be talking about uh
making beef stews in slow cookers but
adding rice to that that beef stew uh it
can be Dawning some people don't know
really where to add rice at what point
it's not that hard okay the thing that
we have to make sure of is that we're
using a correct uh style of rice so you
have many different types of rice you
have basmati rice jasmine rice long
grain short grain what's the right rice
to use um Regular uh long grain rice
something that is not bleached these are
always normally bleached you can use
brown rice if you like uh this is one
that's hold it it's bleached it to make
it look white if it wasn't bleached it
would look Brown okay or your brown
rice um so don't use converted rice
inverted rice is actually partially
cooked or parboiled okay so you don't
want to do that it's going to get very
mushy by the time you get in a slow
cooker and you let it go for a couple
hours it's going to be very mushy okay
so what do we need to do with the rice
just dump it in no we're going to
actually rinse it so we're going to take
it to the sink put it in our little mesh
Riner and rinse it we're going to
actually go
until
that liquid runs a little bit clear for
us uh what I'm seeing is a lot of white
liquid coming off of that and when these
things are pearled a lot of the starch
gets attached to the outside and it's
kind of uh brings the taste of your
product uh to a new load okay so we
don't want to do that okay what we've
done is we've just cooled that Rice down
with cold water so I'm going to let most
of that cold water come off of it we
wanted this this rice to go back in and
not drop the temperature of our liquid a
whole heck of a lot even though it's
going to a little bit okay so I'm going
back into the cup I had
before there we go most all of it got in
there and then we're just going to dump
it right
in okay what I did was I dumped that
right into the middle of the um ceramic
pot next thing I'm going to do is give
it a quick
stir now you know if you have regular
white rice generally 2 cups of water to
one cup of rice if you keep with that
you're going to be fine but the thing
that you want to do with the rice is you
want to make sure that you check it
regularly because as the rice puffs it's
going to soak up uh the stock and the
water uh going to become tender but then
the level of your water is going to go
down so you want to keep that up so that
the beef Cooks
accordingly I've been T show Chef Tony
hedger and this has been adding rice to
be stew thank
you