[Music]
- hello guys we're really happy that you
liked our video about ant the ants are
doing great look at them go
but we decided that one farm isn't
enough and we're going to make an
amazing big house
yes they're going to live almost like on
a seashore I really hope they like it
of course they well even I already like
it even though I haven't seen it yet
of course Sammy not only show but tell
as well this ant farm kit has the main
box or the arena the ants can go for a
walk here and that's where we'll place a
decor we have wonderful decorations the
sand colourful pebbles and even a turtle
[Music]
there's also pathways special vials huh
not sure what for but I think for water
these plastic thing useful are those are
plus we'll install them to let the ants
know where they can go and where they
can't
there are plugs with openings there
doors and there are solid plugs there
walls there's also some food a cleaning
brush and a magnifying glass let's go
first we need to connect the arena and
the pathways the pathways are divided
into two sections one section will be
closed for now the ant colony needs to
grow first part of each section needs to
be moisturized look there's special
plaster covering to give the ants
necessary humidity
Oh fine I think you've already explained
why ants need wet chambers I forgot
I'll explain again ants need wet
chambers for their babies to grow during
the early stages when they grow up a bit
they are taken to the dry chambers
that's why it's very important to keep
the forma karyam humid enough what are
they gonna do here stroll around and
have fun huh
well almost we can leave drinking water
and food in the arena and they'll take
out their rubbish there no Sammy they'll
deal with the rubbish themselves you'll
only need to remove it from time to time
all right so let's set the plugs in
places first we'll insert the solid
plugs by the way if we want to enlarge
our colony we can connect additional
pathways here all plugs are in their
places connect the pathways to the arena
carefully we'll need this tube to do it
it'll be a cross way let's insert it
into the opening in the arena and
connect it to the pathways like this and
done shall we and my pants no no Sammy
first we need to moisturize the chambers
remember yes fine fine let's see like I
said there are two places for
moisturizing here and here when the
colony is small moisturizing one section
is enough we can add some water from a
special dropper or set an automatic
moisturiser - all right then let's fill
this file with water it's important to
use only the purest water now I'll plug
the vial with a special sponge turn it
over and place it on twits place now the
former carrion will be moisturized
automatically that's right
look the plaster is turning grey you did
everything right
ah no the second files for the second
moisturizer and the third one hits a
drinking bowl
let's assemble a stand for it we'll
insert these pieces here and place the
vial with water and a sponge here now
let's place it into yurina now what
that's writing own OCME we can start
decorating only after the ants settle in
come let's invite them into their new
apartment right let's cover the pathways
to make them dark and cozy for the ants
I'll give them some seeds to snack on
make sure the food doesn't block the
entrance to the pathways and now we can
let the ants out cotton pad away and now
and now we wait Sammy it can take some
time the ants are actively exploring
their new home they seem to be
interested in water sure water is very
important
water can looks like they started
stashing food holden they liked the food
no wonder they have a selection up three
meals there's so clever they know
exactly what to do come on you know oh
yes they're exploring them wonderful
Suzy hi this is a man says the first ant
farm no Sammy we have run our ants there
and these are harvester ants mess horse
truck doors harvesters they harvest
grains say like seeds very much they use
their mandibles to grind seeds into
flour to feed baby ants
now walking now something like that
right all the ants are in the forma
karyam we can remove this and that as
well yes yummy we can start it's
important to keep in mind that all the
core elements should be clean ok let's
down from the street won't do what knows
Tammy it certainly won't it's better not
to get the ants any items from the
street including food so we're going to
have some sand and colored hubble's will
imitate the sea I wouldn't mind living
here myself well you have to become tiny
for that no no I like my size all right
then bring me some artificial plants a
melon and I'll place these pretty stones
here let's place them here and let's
offer a pretty friend for our ants Oh
awesome
great I hope yeah it's like it too
listen Susie do the ants have enough air
oh sure Sammy actually ants don't have
lungs like many other animals they have
their own breathing system and they also
have two stomachs they process food in
one for themselves and they keep food to
share with the other ants in the second
stomach oh that's some friendship whoo
whoa it's efficient for them and I will
love watching them move their antennae
as if they're sniffing out something oh
that's actually what they do they feel
the world around them that way Susie
what sighs well this colony be hi oh no
Sammy harvester ants can create colonies
from 500 to 50,000 specimen so we can
only watch and wait
Wow amazing creatures I'm glad we
started one more colony we can compare
the behavior that these species now guys
you liked our new colony in a thumbs up
and if we get this video to 10,000
thumbs up we'll shoot another video
about our ants subscribe to the channel
to see even more interesting and
educational videos about animals and
things around us
bye bye
[Music]
you