[Music]
our next step will be to prepare our
ruffle and the first thing we'll need to
do is is put our ruffle pieces so they
are wrong sides facing each other so
that's right side facing you on the top
piece right side facing down towards
your workspace I'm just going to pop a
couple of pins in there and then we will
do a French seam on our ruffle so we
just need to sew our two ruffle the
pieces together on both short ends of
our ruffle and a quarter of an inch
[Music]
and don't forget to put your stay
stitches in at the beginning and the end
of your seam so remove your pants and
then trim that seam down to round about
an eighth
and then we'll turn that out give this
seam a press and then sew along the
other side so after you've completed
your French seams the internal pet the
internal piece of your ruffle should
have this nice sealed scene and the next
step will be to press your hem up and
we're just going to start by pressing a
quarter of an inch up and make sure that
press is facing in towards your seam
there
so we'll just go ahead and press the
whole way around you'll ruffle on a
quarter of an inch and then repeat the
step again so another 1/4 of an inch
over
so once you've pressed him twice it's a
quarter in each and then your quarter of
an inch just pop in some pins to help
secure your pressed edge and then we're
just going to sew this seam along here
so now we're just so along in our press
seat just try and keep as close to that
edge as you can and don't forget to
start off with your safe stitch
now we've finished sewing down our hem
and the next step will be to put in our
gathering stitches so to do this step
you will need to set your sewing machine
so it has the lowest tension on my
machine I my maximum is nine but some
machines will label this differently and
then you will also need to increase your
stitch length to the maximum it can go
to on my machine this is four and a half
different machines will vary so just
check your manual if you need to and we
will now put in two rows of gathering
stitches and it's very important with
this step to put those stitches in
because the next step after we pin to
our dress is to then pull those stitches
and if it is not anchored down it will
just completely unfurl so it's very
important to put those stairs stitches
in so after you put your two rows of
gathering stitches in your first row
should be about a quarter of an inch
down and the second row approximately
1/8 of an inch down be careful not to
run over either of your gathering
stitches while you're doing this
otherwise it won't pull properly my very
top tip for this is if you have a
gathering or a ruffling foot use that
because it makes these tedious jobs just
a little bit quicker and easier but if
you have to do it a classical way do it
slowly
put in those two rows of stitching and
if you need to and sometimes
these threads can break or they can be
tricky do it in two lots
so put your first two rows between those
joints in your fabric so you will have
two halves to pull rather than pulling
the whole gather in one go now our next
step is to pin our gathers onto our
dress and we'll do that by marking our
ruffle so we'll need to fold it in half
matching up your joint your joins here
find the halfway mark proper pin and you
can see that my my gathering stitches
have already ruffled my ruffle a little
bit and so it should be marked into four
corners you love you two seams and then
your two pin points and we'll pin that
on to the dress
so we'll also mark our dress in half
using our seams again just pop the pins
in working half way
I'm making half way again and then we
can match up our pants so we want to
make sure our seams on our a holes match
up our seams on our dress so we'll place
the ruffle grec side down onto the
correct side of the dress right match up
those pins and just pin and then we'll
continue to be an owl reform like so
the whole way around so after you pinned
your four quarters of your ruffle onto
your four marked edges of your dress
you'll then need to pull those long
threats to gather your ruffle now this
is a bit of a delicate process and it
can take a little bit of time just do it
gently but after you pulled your ruffles
the ruffling coats all the way around
you'll be able to get a perfect gather
right the way around the edge as you can
see it all matches up now and once
you've completed that we'll be able to
stitch on our ruffle onto a dress
so after you've pulled your gathers to
your dress and everything is nice and
even just pin those edges down and then
we're going to need to stitch them on so
I'm just gonna start along one of my
seams on the edge there I'm gonna stitch
about a quarter of an inch away or in
between those gathering stitches so
don't forget to do your stay stay
so that on the way round
just be careful to move your dress
around and not stitch the back and front
together the way that I'll pop my pins
in I can just sew directly across and
then pull the pins out later
the next task will be just to remove our
gathering threads and just trim down
that seam allowance
before we finish it off with a bit of I
bias binding
[Music]
you