[Music]
hi guys I'm Johnny and welcome to my
channel in today's video I going to show
you how to make homemade mozzarella
stick this couldn't be easier these are
so so delicious very easy to make and
you can make them even you can make them
ahead of time pop them in into the
freezer and and fry them whenever you
want I love this this bring me back
brings me back to my shahoo when I was
like a CH a kid I used to be in the in
in middle school and they only like in
public school they only gave you like
three of them so that was not going to
fill me up so I used to like fake that
my lunch got messed up the and then I
used to go to the lime again and get
myself more cheese sticks okay back to
the recipe never mind let's get started
so guys in this white bowl I have two
eggs that I'm going to add some whole
milk I'm going to season with salt and
pepper and using a fork I'm going to
whisk it all together until it's well
combined after that in the green Bowl I
have some bread crumbs my Italian
seasoning and my garlic powder I'm going
to season with some salt and pepper and
I'm going to mix it all together and set
that aside and in the red ball I have
some All Purpose flower just all plain
purple flour I'm going to dip my cheese
sticks in there these are just some
cheese stick or cheese string that I CAU
in half you can also use the the block
but since I have the the cheese sticks I
just use I just decided to use that so I
just cut them in half I'm going to dip
them in flour first then I'm going to
dip it in the egg mixture then into the
breadcrumbs I'm going to dip it again
into the egg and then into the bread
crumbs again so we're going to deep it
twice after that just continue continue
doing that with all of them after that
after they are ready you can freeze them
for 6 hours up to overnight but I'm
going to fry them right away I'm going
to in this small sauce span over medium
heat I let it come to about 375 I'm
going to drop my my cheese stick there
I'm going to fry them until they're nice
and golden brown and after that they're
ready to be served you can eat them with
some marinar sauce or if you don't have
marinar sauce you can do what I used to
do at school I used to eat it with
ketchup and I really like that so guys I
really hope that you enjoyed this recipe
please give me a thumbs up if you like
it don't forget to subscribe to my
channel and I see you next time bye-bye