ha my name is Lucia Whitman and you have
just gotten a gooseberry for me and you
are wondering how to plant first we're
gonna take the roots off back to about 2
or 3 inches everything that's crooked
everything that's growing up everything
that is in any way other than dead
straight we're gonna cut off
and now the question comes do we cut the
top of the plant off or do we leave the
whole thing there are two schools of
thought one school of thought thinks
well maybe you're gonna get fruit sooner
if you leave the whole plant but and
that that that might be true but for the
long term life of your plant what you
really want to do is you want to
stimulate growth coming from below the
surface of the ground you want to
stimulate pain growth and so I'm going
to cut this plant down to about six
inches
it was planted in macei√≥ I'm gonna water
it in really really well with a hose and
then I'm going to mulch I'm going to
move halfway up the stems with leaf
mulch and that will keep the roots cold
in summer which is very important for
gooseberries it will reduce moisture
stress in the summer and it will invite
in earthworms which will condition the
soil so that is all there is to it and
you're ready for your gooseberry patch
for your current listen thank you