have you been feeling sad or empty are
you no longer interested in the things
you were once passionate about do you
have difficulty concentrating or
sleeping have you noticed a decrease in
energy or change in appetite if you have
been experiencing these symptoms for no
specific reason you are not alone
approximately 40 million American adults
are affected by an anxiety disorder
according to the anxiety and depression
Association of America whether you are
experiencing a depressive disorder or
feeling blue due to loss a breakup or
another traumatic event
there are many foods you can adopt as
part of your regular diet to help boost
your mood one eggs start your day right
with a hearty healthy breakfast the B
vitamins in protein in egg yolks can
actually improve the neural function in
your brain that controls mood try them
scrambled poached sunny-side up or
boiled any way you have them eggs and a
protein-rich breakfast in general can
help set a positive mood for the rest of
your day
- avocado there's a reason avocado toast
has become the latest food trend
according to superhuman coach avocados
are rich in tryptophan an amino acid
that helps reduce stress and induce
relaxation 3 almonds almonds are a
superfood they contain B vitamin folliat
the amino acid tyrosine magnesium and
antioxidants all of these elements are
key to fighting depression they also
contain calcium protein and mono
saturated fats
according to Psychology Today eat a
handful as a mid-afternoon snack or
sprinkle them over yogurt or oatmeal in
the morning
for pumpkin seeds Halloween pumpkin
should bring a smile to anyone's face
instead of tossing the seeds this fall
keep them for autumn cheer year-round
everyday roots explains eating a cup of
pumpkin seeds every day can increase
your magnesium intake and thus keep you
light and happy 5 fish have you ever
wondered why pharmaceutical drugs like
prozac work it's because they raise
serotonin happy chemical levels in your
brain what would you think if we told
you some foods do this naturally
salmon trout flounder and mackerel are
just some of the species of fish that
are especially high in B vitamins
B vitamins are known to impact serotonin
dopamine and other mood controlling
chemicals
according to everyday roots a B vitamin
deficiency can sometimes be the cause of
depression 6 green tea green tea
contains a compound called elfia 9 which
has psychoactive properties that reduce
stress and increase dopamine levels in
the brain
the best part it does this without the
mood crushing crash that comes with
caffeine every day roots recommends
people suffering from depression drink a
piping hot cup of green tea first thing
in the morning a healthy diet is key to
a healthy mind for breakfast tomorrow
make yourself avvocato toast sprinkled
with almonds and pumpkin seeds top your
mood boosting breakfast with a poached
egg don't forget to substitute your
morning coffee with green tea and you'll
be saying goodbye to depression in no
time