as you start your clothing line branding
your apparel with tagless labels is
going to be a simple way to elevate your
brand and your t-shirt style and really
for a little time and cost with the heat
press such as you see here like the
stalls max machine not only can you
print the front and back of your
t-shirts but with changing to a smaller
lower platen like a four by four inch
you can print neck labels and even
sleeves and more the apparel line that
I've sourced allows for a tearaway tag
option which means I can remove this tag
and heat apply mine or I can allow the
customer the option to remove it in this
case I'll leave them with the option I'm
just going to load it onto the press you
can see you just fold it inside out I
pick my screen printed transfer in the
proper size that matches the garment it
has the fabric content if you're going
to remove the apparel tag you'll also
want to include the country of origin on
the apparel to make sure you're meeting
proper regulations and then you heat
apply this particular style of screen
printed transfer applies for 15 seconds
at 300 degrees these custom tags are
manufactured from transfer Express calm
on completion I open the press I let it
cool down and then I'll remove the tag I
can easily just remove the garment place
it to the side and continue with my next
sample let's go through that process one
more time load your shirt I like to
leave the tag on there it makes for easy
alignment position your tag and press
after they're completely cool I'll
remove the backing sheet and you can see
we now have a customized tag knowing
that when the customer gets this they
can easily tear out the existing tag
from the shirt style or you can tear it
out before shipping that's up to you so
you want to start your own clothing line
well good news we want to help you i'm
josh ellsworth with stahls TV and i know
heat printing is a viable choice for
printing apparel in today's market
especially for start-up or online brands
so we've created a complete series of
videos right here to help you with
everything that you need to consider
feel free to ask questions in the
comments field below and good luck on
starting your own t-shirt business