[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so it's evening now and we're going to
set the trap in the water and uh leave
it overnight and pick it up in the
morning
so now it's the next day the Trap has
been in the water for about 18 hours so
now we're going to take it up and uh see
if we have gotten
anything oh it looks like we got
something looks like a
pike
so the way this trap works is that the
fish come swimming in the water and then
he swims through this hole and the hole
gets narrower and narrower it's shaped
like a cone so when the fish get in the
cage he can't find his way out again
through the smaller hole through the
inner hole this trap takes a few hours
to build but you often get really good
catches in this sort of traps and what's
great about it that in a survival
situation you can use this trap over and
over and over
again and you can use bait if you want
in these sort of traps as well but they
work great without it and all you do to
empty the Trap is to remove this inner
cone
and since we don't need this little guy
we're going to release him
again