hi in this tutorial I'll be showing you
how to make this bracelet it is a double
fishtail on both of the sides like this
side and this side and then on the edges
it is a single fish - with these little
bands on the outside on both of the
edges and so it is a really neat and
unique bracelet and I really like the
look of it and so now I can get started
for this bracelet you will be using six
pegs and um if you have a rainbow loom
make sure there is now blue piece under
will you'll be working from your breaks
that can come through the bottom if you
do not have a rainbow loom and your loom
just has one big plastic piece under it
I guess you could try to fit it through
one of these spaces I'm not sure if it
would work like I guess you could do it
sideways
that I'm not sure if they really work if
you write it that way but so yeah now
you can get started so first we're going
to be doing this double fishtail part
and then we're going to be doing this
border part so if you're hearing you say
like double fishtail that means this
part and if you music you the border now
I'm the book this is the border single
fish to get running through the middle
so take one band of your first color and
first fitting that book is still part so
put it from the peg on the left twist it
and go down to the right and do the same
thing right below it then push the bands
down and there are going to doing the
border part so take one band stretch it
from the bottom left peg to the upper
right peg and twist it and push it down
and this is the first layer of our
double fishtail with a single fishtail
border so now we're going to be doing
the second layer and so you're going to
take two bands for the double fishtail
part and put them right up to either one
without twisting it just like you would
for a regular fishtail but I just doing
it twice then push the bands down now
I'm going to bring the border part so
take one band put it across and do not
twist it and if it kind of let goes on
top of these pegs just push it in it
sits in the middle because you need to
be in the middle when you can push those
pegs down I mean those um bands down and
they're going to be putting in our next
layer so just go on top again and this
like any other fishtail is they can
fishtail um once you have three layers
you will be looping the bands the bands
so take your hook doesn't really matter
what peg you start on because on every
single peg that has beings on it you're
just going to be hooking over the bottom
layer of bands just like you would in a
regular fishtail so I'm just gonna start
here at the bottom band get over to the
bottom band hook it over cut the bottom
band took it over and that's do the same
for every single peg just like that so
not every peg should have two bands on
it and now you're just gonna push it
down and make sure that you have looped
over the bottom pin every bag because if
you don't you'll have to go back and
it's kind of tricky to do that so yeah
so anyway now we're going to add on our
next layer now that we have already
looped once everything that you put on
they're going to be looping a letter
hooking up oh yeah sorry
and then just go to the middle so
remember these border beans should
always be in the middle you not want
them going over these pegs because that
would be bad no three bears
we're going to be hooking over the
bottom line every peg just like that
then push all the bands on you're
basically going to be doing that same
step until your bracelet is long enough
to wear but I'm going to show you a few
more times so just the double fishtail
part take band and do the border part
and you want the bands for the border
part to be kind of stretchy so then you
can go across without breaking cuz some
of the bands aren't really aren't really
strong and they might break like non
rainbow loom bands to bake them at
leisure um I'll just loop over the
bottom band aunt pegs bat and push down
and as you can see you can see like a
little bit that's done um and like
there's like this these bands in the
middle of it but don't worry when it's
done you won't be able to see those
because it'll be like oh just what's
going down there if you could go to the
side you can kind of see the double
remove the fishtail part I'm sure you
didn't even see that yeah but anyway
it's gonna keep going so
the fishtail part then put on the border
band move it to the middle and then hook
over the bottom layer on every single
page that has bands on it
then push the bands down and I'm going
to show you how to do this two more
times so put that with fishtail bands on
and then put on a band for the border on
push it to the middle then get the
bottom band and put it over on all six
pegs push the bands down add another
layer of fishtail bands make sure do a
little fishtail band before you do the
border band that's really important so
now you're just gonna put on the Borah
band
and push it to the middle and then how
come on the bottom and on all six pegs
just like that so you're basically going
to be doing this same step until your
bracelet is long enough to wear and you
should be getting the hang of it by now
if you are still having trouble figuring
out how to make this then you can rewind
and watch the previous instructions once
your bracelet is long enough to wear
there should be two layers of bands on
all six pegs you're going to hook over
the bottom layer on all the pegs so
there's only one band on all six pegs
just like you were right here just like
that
and now you're going to be basically be
hooking all the bands up to this top peg
right there so first you're going to
take this bottom band and hook it to the
top peg take this band
go to the top peg take this pin hook it
to the top peg take these pins put the
top peg into this band and hook it to
the top peg so now you're gonna take
your hook and go through all those bands
make sure all of them take it off that
peg and then I you can you move your
bracelet and um I would not recommend
putting all of these six bands on your
c-clip because you also have to put
these four bands on your c-clip and
there would be ten bands on a c-clip
there would be a ton of bands I'm not
sure if a c-clip of you hold of those
so what Adamek recommend doing is taking
one band of one of your colors and put
it on your finger
and put it on the hook
and then you're just gonna pull that one
band through all of these beans and make
sure you only have that one band push it
back the other half of the band dawn
then let go so you should have two
layers of bands on that on your hook and
you're just gonna take your c-clip take
your c-clip and you're going to attach
these two bands onto your c-clip and you
also going to attach just um any being
um on this but um I'm just going to
attach these four bands these for
gripping it's easy right here and it
might take me a while to get all the
bands on there so I'm just gonna skip
this part this is what your bracelet
will look like um once it is on your
wrist as you can see I got all those
bands on my c-clip and it did take me a
little bit cuz there was a lot of bands
um but anyway thank you so much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video bye