but scoochie people is your boy self are
easy I'm about to show you how to make
the best pancake in the world my got my
kids crying in the back to your own side
that's all Gucci so today I got you and
your mama black lady on the front
pancake so just like that you got a good
picture baby so I see I put my pancake
in now and that is sizzling so the
bubbles come to the top and char get a
little closer you see good baby you
should yeah no way yeah still so you let
the bubbles get like that move them
around I use a grease base all right she
cut my baby use vegetable oil I taking a
quarter on the sides like that we're on
the size of the pancake not just kind of
like let it go into motion the way it go
all the way around the pancake take your
hands and you pull them just like this
we're pushing just like that wait till
we flip this thing doe urine it's gonna
be the best pancake you seen we make the
best pancakes in Texas she coming and my
baby recalling than once a as you see is
with the pancake look like all the air
bubbles write down all the bubbles like
that just put it back and wait for a
second
[Music]
[Music]
so now we're gonna be flipping it on the
show y'all know even Timmy's calling my
pony Todd you need a move pancake hold
it turn it boom
well that's amazing thank you very much
no I know thank you alright just what
the pancake look like right now
oh man you know get no better than that
all right hold it back up there she
coming back so we got the pancake did
you see the color of it now I'll do a
white flip international beer so you
gotta me before you flip your pancakes
you make sure you ain't got no grease in
there because if you flip it to grease
of fluff did you see this would it look
like right now so my wife they look like
we're on the pancakes when you put
Alabama beside country royal pancake I'm
gonna flip it kind of move it in your
pan is amazing a hole like that and
that's how you get your better to
Denny's pancake