hi guys I feel like making a nice warm
dessert because it's cold and chilly
here an apple crumble would be the best
and the quickest option so let's not
waste any time and let's start two cups
of peeled and chopped granny smith
apples 1/3 cup fine brown sugar cinnamon
powder half a teaspoon and just mix
everything together I'm going to put the
Apple pieces in the baking dish and now
let's make the crumble for this 3/4 cup
of plain flour 4 tablespoons of caster
sugar
pinch of salt 30 grams butter have cut
it into small cubes so that it's easy to
mix and this is softened unsalted butter
I'm gonna nicely mix everything with my
hands just break the butter
I need the mixture to be like
breadcrumbs so just drop the butter and
the flour between your hands and the
crumble mixture is ready I'm going to
layer the crumble mixture onto the
apples nicely cover the apples I'm going
to place the baking dish onto a tray and
this is ready to go into the oven big
apple crumble at 180 degrees in a
preheated oven for at least 10 minutes
then at 160 degrees for another 15
minutes
[Music]
serve the warm apple crumble with some
whipped cream or I personally like it
with vanilla ice cream you can even use
other while be fruits like pear peaches
with the apples and make a mix food
crumble try it at home subscribe to
Rashi food see you next time bye-bye
[Music]