chocolate fountains are the most a fun
and unique way to serve desserts
your guests will enjoy dipping their
favorite fruits and treats make your
wedding party or special event a huge
success with a magic CFO brand chocolate
fountain
our chocolate fountains in various sizes
the overall use of food grade stainless
steel to mate provided on the base motor
switches temperature switches
temperature regulator and power cord
jack easy to operate three feet of the
base can be used to control the balance
of the entire machine chocolate loaded
vowel can be removed the next day using
directed refrigerated for convenient
storage never leak chocolate with a new
design phases a chocolate fountain is
easy to install does not require any
tools first the wrapper ring is
installed in the end seat then Circle
down to the base
next install the order at the bottom
there are some auger Jack this Jack D
align the motor shaft can be installed
finally cylinder said in the auger and
can be tightened then set a stabilizer
on the top now we take a hands-on to
make delicious chocolate fountain first
turn on the thermostat switch set
maximum temperature for preheat the
second step the chocolate into small
pieces were melted into the ball can be
stirred while melting the machine can be
held 6 clogged Rams fountain chocolate
the third step is to wait for the
chocolate is completely melted turn the
motor switch so it will appear chocolate
fountain adjust the three legs of Bay's
to make sure the base is level so that
you can get beautiful chocolate
waterfall you can adjust the temperature
knob to 50 to 60 degrees for delicious
steeping food
and a fountain of tantalizing chocolate
to your next event and make a lasting
impression on your guests it's a perfect
way to celebrate any event ideal for
christening weddings exhibitions parties
and corporate events etc let your
imagination go wild with all the
creative possibilities for this fun
fresh idea
Georgina shut up and eat