I'm Judith Jones food and travel editor
of the gourmet Travel ista and today I'm
going to be showing you how to make
apple cinnamon oatmeal so we're going to
need a quarter cup of apples which have
been peeled and diced half a teaspoon of
ground cinnamon one tablespoon of maple
syrup one cup of whole milk and one cup
of old-fashioned oats and of course 1
cup of water which is boiling here in a
saucepan now I'm going to add my oats to
the water I'm using old-fashioned oats
now these have been rolled and steamed
so it creates a more of a flatter
flatter texture to the oats you can use
quick oats if you like it's obviously
you know quicker but these will take
about 10 minutes to cook but it'll work
nicely because we're going to cook our
apple and that'll take some time to cook
too so we're going to put these
old-fashioned oats into the water like
that and let them cook up a little
old-fashioned oats actually have a
slightly different taste to it and I
actually prefer cooking with them it
just takes a little bit longer to do so
now we're going to add in our apple with
that so this will be nice because the
apple will soften nicely as we cook for
about ten minutes and we can add in our
maple syrup maple syrup goes great with
apple and cinnamon so we'll add that in
there but of course you know if you like
using honey brown sugar actually brown
sugar goes great too we'll put that in
there give it a whirl mmm if there's two
things I go great together its apple and
cinnamon such a luxurious oatmeal and
we're gonna add in our cinnamon here too
and we'll keep a little bit for the end
to garnish with oh just love that smell
and so good for you too
all right so we'll mix all that up
together and and now we're gonna add in
our
milk there we go and that's gonna give
it a lovely creamy thicker texture so
we're gonna let that cook for about 10
to 12 minutes so it's been about 10
minutes and that is cooking up nicely
it's getting nice and thick and the
apples of softened down so we're ready
to bowl up Oh smells wonderful that's
cinnamon maple all together in there
such a great combination and we'll just
sprinkle a little bit of cinnamon on top
of that and there you have it everyone
that is your apple cinnamon oatmeal
thanks for watching today everyone and
make sure to subscribe to our website to
watch plenty of other fantastic videos
and if you have an email request you can
email requests at Mahalo comm and we'll
be sure to answer any questions and
queries you might have thanks again
you