guys your queendom here I'm going to
show you how to turn this v-neck regular
T-shirt into the crop top that you saw
in my thumbnail what I'm doing here is
just figuring out the measurement of how
long I want my crop top for me
particularly I want it from the top of
my chest to my belly button and if you
want your shorter or longer then just
measure your body um the length from the
starting point to the end and go ahead
and cut that same fabric out so you'll
know how much or how long you want your
top remember to leave some seam
allowance because you're going to hem um
the areas that you cut so maybe like an
extra inch just add an extra inch to the
bottom and an extra inch to the top the
piece of fabric that you cut off from
the bottom please save it because you're
going to need that for the arms so what
I'm doing here is just
basically I'm cutting each of it each
piece the bottom and the top once I do
that I'm going to turn the fabric Inside
Out Fold It pin it and then hit the
sewing machine so I can sew a straight
Stitch or you can um sew by hand and
just sew a straight Stitch to conceal
the Hem and just make it look a bit more
cleaner um so just fold it pin it and
soap
never just me in my face me
[Music]
everything the piece of fabric that you
cut off you want to go ahead and take
that and use that for your sleeves so
all I did was just take a fabric wrap it
around my arms um the level of tightness
that I want and made a straight Stitch
going down I made two of those pieces
and what I'm going to do is just go
ahead and sew it on each side of the
fabric of the tube top I'm not going to
sew it down I'm just going to sew just a
tiny little piece just to make the um
the sleeve hang on the tube top so
that's what I'm doing here just pinning
it exactly where I want to sew I did for
both sides of the tube top and I went
ahead and sewed it
down he sleeping on my own missing the
way you taste now I messed up and I'm
missing you
[Music]
like and this is the end result pretty
much that is the sleeve sewn on I am
just stretching it right here because I
didn't feel like Hing that part I'm just
stretching it to give it more of the
warm worn look um I'm stretching both
sleeves and that's the end of the tube
top hope you guys like it I will see you
in my next DIY
[Music]
how do I make