so I thought I'd do a little video
tonight about porcupine quills
and harvesting quills because a couple
of years ago I did my harvesting
porcupine quills video and I got some
negative feedback people saying oh what
a waste because I didn't use those
quills I'm going to show you why it is
that you should not use porcupine quills
off of an animal who's been deceased for
more than 24 hours this particular
animal died yesterday
like literally died yesterday morning he
was not there in the morning when I went
to work but he was there on the way home
and I come from around 12:00 and he was
on the road so less than 24 hours old
fresh body it was raining so I couldn't
harvest any quills off of him then so
here we are day and a half later this is
why we don't harvest quills off of a not
so fresh porcupine all right you guys
can see all that little white stuff
there those are fly eggs so I had this
animal laying on his belly so I'm just
gonna flip him over here so as you can
see here he was skinned by the vehicle
that hit him so I'm just gonna show you
here on a bald spot right there maybe
focus this do that white patch those are
fly eggs those are fly eggs fly eggs in
there so in just over 24 hours the flies
have come in and they've went in between
the quills and they've laid their eggs
so you pull those quills some of the
hairs coming out it's pulling it out of
those pores there who are the Flies are
laying their eggs see there's a little
cluster right there right and amongst
the hairs so yeah if you pull that
you're gonna get fly eggs and you're
gonna take it in the house with your
quills in a bottle and it's just gonna
hatch and you're gonna have a jar full
of maggots that are really hungry you
really don't want a chance have
and maggots in your house running
rampant it's just it's not fun and
there's a dragonfly coming to my rescue
here there's mosquitoes everywhere and
the dragonfly is going around eating the
mosquitoes so that's awesome anyway I
just want to show you guys why you
should not harvest quills from a
porcupine that's been deceased more than
24 hours when you're harvesting quills
you want the freshest porcupines
possible to not only avoid getting the
maggots and getting those fly eggs but
also coals are very porous and they will
absorb anything like any organic scent
is gonna be on there if you were to
collect quills from an animal who is in
full beautification those quills are
gonna stink and it's it's bad like
there's a video from another youtuber
she harvested quills from an animal who
was really melting down like really bad
rot and she was boiling the quills to
clean them and she kept saying but how
much it stunk fresh porcupine quills do
not stink they actually have kind of a
coconut like scent which is okay it
comes from the fat and the oils that are
secreted from their bodies and it's an
okay smell I kind of like it it's kind
of like lanolin coconut it's nice I like
it anyway anyway I've got to get this
little boy to the body firm before I
like get driven crazy by mosquitoes and
just for a reference this is a porcupine
who died on Wednesday evening which is
five days ago completely covered in
maggots and absolutely flat like almost
pancake flat so you can see like why
time really matters when doing porcupine
quills like this little animal he really
stinks right now and there's so many
maggots on him and you can see all these
quills and I did harvest some when I
brought him home he was still warm when
I picked him up you can see those
maggots working on them quills you don't
want to harvest those quills
it's really cool how the quills move
though so anyway I am getting eaten by
mosquitoes and this shows you guys just
how much I am dedicated to this work
because I'm out here on the body firm
there's like a billion mosquitoes out
here and I'm just like itching like
crazy and I'm doing my work I'm
harvesting and I'm doing my videos and
I'm going to be itching for days from
these mosquitoes but it's kind of worth
it in a way to do my work just shows you
guys how much I'm dedicated