hi I'm Caitlyn from myal Friday and
today we are going to clean up a smelly
perfume spill take your scrubby sponge
sink full of soapy water and baking soda
and paper towels or dish rag to dry so
um the thing about perfume is that it's
really really pungent once it's been
removed from its glass container as you
know you just need a drop to smell nice
so when it spills it really is difficult
to get out out and the whole house will
start to smell like perfume so the first
thing you want to do is of course catch
it early and you want to take a paper
towel and just sop up as much of the
perfume liquid as you can and then you
want to take some distilled white
vinegar and just
coat the area in
vinegar it's okay if it gets elsewhere
this smell is going to come up really
easily so you want to let it soak in
vinegar for I would say about an hour
and then when you come back you're going
to bring your baking soda and cover the
surface of your spill with baking soda
you can see it foaming
nicely and the baking soda is to absorb
all of the scent the vinegar is sort of
concealing it and cleaning it and it's
activating the baking
soda so you want to let the baking soda
sit for as long as you can I would say
at least an hour overnight if possible
if it's not in a trafficked area so
we're just using a sample piece of
fabric here so I'm just going to wipe it
off in the sink but just know that it's
um once you're on a carpet you can't do
that so you need to have a wet dry
vac so just I'm going to wipe it all
off and this should greatly reduce the
smell of the perfume you're going to
take a
sponge and sop up the area where the
perfume has been spilled and where where
you now have all of this vinegar and
baking soda now of course this depends
on what kind of fabric your perfume has
spilled on if it's silk you clearly
don't want to do this you want to just
take it to the dry cleaner as quickly as
possible so once you finish that you're
just going to dry it with paper towels
and if it still smells you just repeat
the process but this generally works
really well and um another thing you can
do is light unscented candles around the
room the unscented candles are going to
absorb some of the smell
and um that's it I'm Caitlyn from my gal
Friday and I've just shown you how to
clean up a perfume spill