today I'm going to show you how to make
a DIY waterproofing solution you can use
this solution to waterproof pretty much
anything I'm going to do my backpack
because I think it needs it so start
with you're going to grab your mineral
spirits and then pour the entire court
right into your container you want to
get a container that has a lid to it you
can use the lid to shake up your
solution without getting it all over the
place
secondly you want 100% clear silicone
caulking and you're going to add it to
your mineral spirits at this point you
want to start to stir it up you can grab
a paint stick or a dowel and just start
to break up that caulking break up the
silicone so now just to get the very
last of it really get it incorporated
place that lid onto my container and
then just shake it shake it out you're
gonna grab a paintbrush and paint it on
just like you would paint on fabric
paint get it nice and dipped to use a
brush that you don't plan on painting
with again because once this is
waterproof the paint isn't really going
to stick to it in your art we're going
to be able to use it you're just going
to start to paint on your waterproofing
and there you have it leave this
overnight in a cool dry place and let it
cure I'm going to give it about 24 hours
before it's dry and it's ready to go
you