hi guys I love you requested more eels
viy
so in today's video I'm going to show
you how to transform your ears into a
mini snow globe if you're new to my
channel hello Muffy please subscribe for
more fun videos like this I have get
into it to make this super cute pin
easel globe
you will need an empty and clean use
container we are going to need to remove
the clear plastic cap that is inside the
lid of the ears so very carefully using
knife or something pointy to remove this
part
now use an exacto knife and again very
very carefully remove these part of the
plastic cap try to be slowly so you
don't hurt yourself you will know when
this is ready because it shall feel
perfectly on top of this part of the
year's container using polymer clay or
any clay of your choice start creating
the landscape that you want to have in
the snow globe just remember that these
needs to be super tiny I decided to make
a snowman on a mini tree but you can
make a Santa a candy cane or whatever
you want once you are done with that we
need to put this in the freezer just to
make it easier to remove later now that
you remove the clay from the container
is some to make this following
instructions of your clay now I'm going
to put back this no floor that I made
and I'm going to add to the back and you
know the flue and this is going to help
us prevent any leaking now put back the
grid on the bottom part of the years and
you say hot glue gun to glue in this
case is no man and the little tree now
let's move on on to the water part of
this DIY I'm going to use this tape as a
base for the clear cap add one teaspoon
of water and then add a very small
amount of glitter for the next step I
totally recommend to use a strong glue
like this that is water resistant add a
generous amount of glue to all the sides
of the top part of the years and then
quickly flip it and place it over the
cup with water you will need to let this
dry in this position for at least 30
minutes ah once it is done the final
result is amazing he looks super super
cute and it totally looks like a real
snow globe and that's it for today's
video guys let me know in the comments
down below
if you like this idea and if you want to
see more ill DIYs as always I love you
guys so much and I will see you in my
next video very very very soon bye