there's something really nice about
saying that you made something from
scratch this particular Tart Is is very
easy it's really easy to make and you
made it from scratch and you can brag
about that when you give it to somebody
so I'm going to show you how to do this
it's not hard at all so don't be
intimidated take your strawberries and
you're going to quarter
them you're going to put them in a
bowl just take the top off and quarter
them you add about a tablespoon of sugar
and then we're going to let them sit on
the side while we prepare the batter
here I have a cup of flour and to that
I'm going to add a
teaspoon oops and a half of baking
powder just mix that up cuz we're going
to add this to our liquid ingredients so
to your mixing bowl you're going to add
1/4 cup of vegetable oil and 3/4 cups of
sugar two and three that's 3/4 cup of
sugar now we're going to mix this until
it's
combined we're going to add in one egg a
half a cup of milk then you're going to
add 1 and 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla get
good vanilla
extract and you're going to mix this
until it's well
combined now slowly add in your flour
mixture until it forms a
batter now you're going to get out your
pretty tart pan hand ooh and you're
going to spray it with a little cooking
spray after you spray it you're going to
pour in your batter take those
strawberries that you put in sugar and
you're going to place them on top and
just submerge them into the
batter just cover the whole top with
them if you can't fit all of them that's
okay just eat the rest now I'm going to
put it in the oven at 350 for about 45
or 50 minutes just check to see that
it's golden on top and that when you put
in a toothpick it comes out clean we're
going to cut the tart now are you going
to have some of this tart Lexi yeah you
are does it look good yeah do you like
strawberries yeah I think it might be a
little too hot still but let's see if we
can the first piece is always bad it's
always hard to take out the first piece
but look did pretty good pretty
good do you really want to taste it yeah
it's a little warm
still it's okay it's not too hot how is
it good it's good yeah it's not it's not
too hot right this part might be a
little too hot but there you go look how
easy it is to make a really pretty tart
all homemade from scratch you can even
put blueberries or any other fruit you
might like or or blackberries or
blackberries that's right I I hope you
try this enjoy