hi everyone I'm Nar and welcome to my
kitchen and this episode is a kitchen
basic or holiday basic today we're going
to show you how to make uh bread cubes
for your Thanksgiving or your Christmas
or your holiday dinner stuffing or
stuffing anytime this is the loaf of
Thanksgiving stuffing bread that we made
in another video and I thought we would
just go ahead and you know there are a
lot of you out there who've never made
stuffing it's your first year making it
you want to do it right and there is
nothing wrong with buying store-bought
stuffing Cubes but today we're going to
make this from scratch so let's go see
how we make
[Music]
these okay I am just getting started
here and I'm cutting my
loaf into cubes quite
simply you can do this however is most
convenient for you don't cut them too
small stuffing cubes are not small
they're pretty substantial you can see
about an inch square right mhm that's
about an inch square
inch just go ahead and put these uh on a
it already smells like stuffing it does
smell like stuffing I was so pleased
with how this bread came out if your uh
Cuts didn't quite make it all the way
through kind of pull them
apart and and I have prepared two baking
sheets with uh parchment but I'm not
sure I'm going to need them both so you
want them in pretty much of a single
layer okay we've gone ahead and sliced
up the entire loaf into cubes I guess we
didn't slice it up we cubed it up but
anyway I went ahead and I divided it
between two baking sheets Lin parchment
paper bless you sweetheart thank you I
have my oven preheated to 200Â° and we're
going to go ahead and put this in the
oven and we're just going to bake them
until they're dried out this could take
anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes you're
going to want to check them when you can
smell them you may want to take a spoon
and toss them if I have to do that I'll
bring you back and I'll show you what
they look like let's go in the oven all
right into the
oven and there they are we'll be back
when they're ready to stir or come out
we'll be
back our bread cubes have been in the
oven for about an hour and you're going
to need to check them I did not stir
them or turn them at all but I just when
they're on that low low temperature they
get nice and crispy so right now these
are like croutons what do they taste
like
honey those are awesome are't they good
they good on salad mhm M they're really
good
M you want them hard all the way through
okay you want them crunchy all the way
through
so at about half an hour depending on
your oven you know every things can go
wrong I mean they're not nearly as salty
as they couton there's no salt in this
bread I didn't put any salt in it
because when you make stuffing you're
adding chicken stock or turkey stock
you're adding a lot of seasonings to it
so and then by the time you put gravy on
top of it if you keep putting so much
salt in it by the end all you taste is
saltiness
so just keep checking it no need to turn
it unless you're afraid the bread is
going to burn but at this low
temperature really all you're doing is
drying these cubes out and you can make
your own stuffing cubes this year you
don't have to rely on the store bought
version if you don't want to so I hope
you try making your own stuffing cubes I
hope you love it thank you for visiting
us today for our holiday kitchen basic
and until next time I'll see
you thank you for joining me in my
kitchen today I hope you like what you
watch today and I hope that you try it
and I hope that you love it um if you
like what you saw please consider
hitting the thumbs up button and giving
me a positive rating and also make sure
that you hit the Subscribe button if
you're already not a subscriber so that
you don't miss out on any of the fun we
have here in our kitchen every single
day I hope that you enjoyed it I'm
really glad that you're here thank you
for stopping by don't forget to come by
tomorrow until next time happy eating
[Music]