how to do the coin flip trick hello and
welcome to videojug pub magician
Christian Lee is going to show you a
quick trick that's perfect to try on
your friends down the pub do it right
and you might not have to pay for a
drink all night step one you will need
two identical coins and a little magical
know-how step two the trick place one
coin in each of your hands and hold them
out in front of you turn your hands over
onto the table lift your hand to reveal
that one coin has vanished lift up your
other hand to find both coins on the
table
step 3 how is it done the trick here is
to place one coin in the palm of your
hand and the other coin over the fingers
of the other hand when you turn your
hands over use one quick movement to
launch the coin that's lying on your
fingers under the palm of your other
hand there's a lot of skill involved in
this trick and it will take practice so
don't expect to get it right the first
time but when you do it's a great little
trick to have up your sleeve
you