today I'm making strawberry tart to
start I'm going to make the rich sweet
shortcrust pastry you can use a normal
shortcrust pastry recipe but I feel this
one gives it a little bit more flavor
we're going to sift the flour salt and
sugar into a bowl and then add the cold
cubed butter and mix in with our
fingertips until a fine bread crumb pour
in your egg yolks and stir with a round
bladed knife at the ice cold water a
little bit at a time until the dough
comes together then wrap the dough in
cling film and chill for 20 minutes once
your pastry has been chilled roller out
into a lightly floured work surface to
28 centimeters in diameter I like to use
a grease proof paper and mark 28
centimeters so I can see where I need to
roll but don't forget to flip it over as
you don't want pen on your pastry this
is the trickiest part everyone has their
own way but I like to flip it onto my
arms and into the tin carefully peel
back the greaseproof paper and make sure
the dough covers the whole tin I like to
take a piece of extra dough to help
press the pastry into the tin prick the
base with a fork wrap with the cling
film then chill in the fridge for
another 20 minutes
pre-heat your oven to 170 degrees fan
for other temperatures they'll be listed
here I've decided to trim the pastry
after the second chill time crumble up
some greaseproof paper or foil and line
the tart case fill with baking beans
I've just reused rice and pop in the
oven 15 minutes to blind bake
after 15 minutes remove the rice and
return to the oven for a further 5 to 10
minutes until your pastry is crisp and
golden brown in a medium-sized pan feet
together the milk and orange zest in a
separate heatproof bowl whisk together
the egg yolks castor sugar and corn
flour with a whisk
place a damp tea towel onto your work
surface to stop your bowl from sliding
whisk in the hot milk then return it
back to the pan to reheat and stir
constantly until the mixture boils once
the mixture has boiled and thickened
pour into a bowl to chill
dampen a piece of greaseproof paper and
press onto the surface of the custard to
prevent the skin forming whip up some
double whipping cream until soft peaks
bowl fill three teas and Electric winds
but I'm just going to do it by hand
stir the custard until smooth and gently
fold in the cream
to finish pour the custard into the
pastry case and decorate with the
strawberries
chill until your custard has firmed so
that's summery strawberry tart easy
for more videos subscribe to my channel
if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up and feel free to leave any
requests in the comment box below