hi everybody I hope everybody's doing
great as I promised I'm posting this
tutorial on how to make vanilla extract
this is a three day old bottle of
extract
usually is done with vodka and it gets
brown as each day passed in around three
months it'll become all brown like this
and I'm gonna show you how to make yours
so let's get started so many people were
telling me that they have a hard time
buying vanilla mousse because they're
expensive and yes they can be expensive
I went to ebay and bought this pack of
vanilla beans 30 vanilla beans for 20
dollars not a bad thing right yes I know
there other places that sell vanilla by
the pound but I wanted to test eBay and
I'm gonna post the link of all the
places in the box below if in mind is
our great a also called gourmet or prime
they are oily and moist and they are
great for gourmet cuisine as you can see
they've been really easy they are very
moist and the seeds inside are very
moist and very easy to take out in my
first tutorial about vanilla you can
press the link if you want to wash it I
use vanilla gravy gravy vanilla is also
called extract grade it is less
attractive and a bit drier but don't
worry the flavor isn't on the water
content of the bean it is on the bean
itself so because we're making extra
gravy
it's okay because the moisture will be
brought back using alcohol but since I
got me some way a I'm gonna be using it
for this tutorial
commercial vanilla extracts are usually
35 percent alcohol by law keep in mind
that there's different types of extracts
out there you got your bean paste which
is a very thick consistency and it has
to sit
then you have your regular extra which
is brown and then you will find your
clear vanilla which actually is made of
artificial flavors it's called vanilla I
would suggest to get a good quality
vodka a higher content of alcohol one
extract as much vanilla goodness so
stick with quality you want to use a
bottle that has a tight-fitting tab dark
bottles queen or brown are really good
for this but if you don't have one just
make sure to place this in an area where
it's dark and dry you will find many
suggestions and how many pins per cup of
alcohol you will need some people will
say 1 some people will say 3 some people
will say 8 I'm gonna give you an amount
of ounces you wanna use one ounce per
cup of alcohol or 30 grams for 250
milliliters of alcohol there's two
options you can Paulo next you can split
your beans and you can take the seeds
out and place them in the bottle or you
can split the beam and cut in pieces and
place them in the bottle with the beans
in the scene I like to scrape the seeds
myself but both options are good once
you have placed the beans inside the
bottle shake well I place this in my
cabinets in my kitchen right beside my
coffee that way it will remind myself to
give it a good shake to get the vanilla
infused in the alcohol this vanilla can
be used after four weeks but the
extraction will continue for six months
and it will be there by then after six
months you can take some of the liquids
out and strain them in another bottle
and you can add more vodka to the
original bottle and we use the same
things over and over
again you can keep adding business to it
if you want to just to refresh the
flavors the longer the vanilla is
process in your bottle it will go from a
light amber to a dark brown color you
might think this is a lot of money but
if you think that this vanilla extra can
last for 10 years or more
the investment is good it's like fine
wine that can be used continuously as it
pages over decades I hope you enjoy that
until next time
you