DIY gourmet here everybody welcome back
today we're doing a nice quick and easy
chicken salad what we've got is canned
chicken because you know what sometimes
it's the right thing to use especially
when you're making a quick and easy
chicken salad if you want to cook the
chicken breast yourself more power to
you but right now we've got about eight
or nine wait bounces after it's drained
this is to 12 ounce cans of you know
cooked chicken breast we've got our herb
mixture here and now I've done this all
the favor of kind of mixing it up ahead
of time but as you can see right here
we've got about a quarter of a teaspoon
of marjoram we've got a pinch of basil
we've got about a quarter teaspoon of
dill weed we've also got about a half a
teaspoon of granulated garlic we've got
a nice pinch or two of sea salt and then
we've got about an eighth of a teaspoon
of celery seed inside of that yeah we're
gonna pour that over sprinkle sprinkle
sprinkle sprinkle nice nice get it all
on coat the stuff now the way I like to
do this is before I add the mayonnaise I
like to add all of the dry ingredients
and chunk the chicken up around it
because what that does is it lets it get
a feel for the chicken first get too
mixed in with the herbs breaks up the
oils a little bit really gets it to the
meat where you want it because once the
mayonnaise comes in the mayonnaise is
going to distribute all the flavors
across everything rather evenly and so
we're gonna let that happen at the end
and now in the process of mixing we're
gonna be doing a shredding as well so
you kind of want to be in and out about
it shredding up the chicken as you go I
mean we're not trying to mince it or
turn it into a pate here but you
definitely want to have it shredded for
when you mix the mayonnaise in that way
it has a great consistency once it's
ready to serve and you want to get all
the edges and corners too because nobody
likes a flavorless patch when they're
starting to make their sandwiches or
whatever else comes with a delicious
chicken salad heck sometimes I just like
to eat it with crackers that's the
business all right so we've got it mixed
up pretty good here we're gonna reach
over well we've got
oh you know this is one of those things
that requires a good amount of monies so
I'm gonna say 1/2 a cup to start this is
about a half a cup of mayonnaise you
know for those of you who don't like
mayonnaise
you know trigger warning um but this is
mayonnaise and this is what we do with
men is so many's and now we mix it in I
got one more little thing I like to end
it put it at the end as well and that's
a little bit of black pepper freshly
cracked of course Tellicherry if I have
my way about it and you're gonna say oh
my gosh I'm so much mad is what are you
doing no it's actually when you mix it
in it's gonna soak in and when you give
it a few hours you're gonna be glad you
gave it that extra minute because this
needs a few hours for the flavor to
really sink in I'm you're gonna eat it
right away and it's tasty don't get me
wrong but anybody who's ever made
chicken salad or any salad potato salad
they taste better once the flavors had a
chance to do its job and so in a matter
of just a couple of minutes we've
created a chicken salad we're gonna let
that sit and rest for a while and when
it does we're gonna put flesh fresh
black pepper on top of it and oh my gosh
it's a brand name yeah but you know what
this stuff works pretty darn good when
it comes time for salads so if you can
manage it use it if not then whatever
you can get to close the top more power
to you we'll come back and show you the
final product once it's just for a while
see you soon