welcome to another currency today I will
be showing you how to make chocolate
fondue what you're going to need is four
boxes of semi-sweet baker's chocolate
then you're going to need heavy whipping
cream the utensils you're going to want
to have are a nonmetallic mixing spoon
fondue pot and two pots and one probably
bigger than the other so we're doing a
double pot it just makes it easier and
quicker to put the fondue in and then
we're just going to let it boil and
that's the first step we cut up our
chocolates into bit already it just
makes me easier for us preferably into
two small pieces you're going to pour
the chocolate in then you want even it
up then you're gonna open your whip bean
cream this is two cups so we're gonna
pour one cup into it so about half of it
and then you're going to keep stirring
as you can see we have this yummy gooey
chocolate so we're going to transfer it
into the fondue pot we're going to use
for this is preferably marshmallows and
strawberries but were covered but if you
wanna use Oh a bananas or apples cut up
them cut them up and dip em in I'm gonna
try
really did try the recipe thank you for
watching this video please subscribe to
our Channel