[Music]
hi everyone today wron is how to make
Chinese steam rice cake this was one of
my favorite thing to eat for breakfast
as a kid my grandmother left this cake
and always serve us morning breakfast
with a cup of Chinese Tea Chinese New
Year is the time of enjoying many
delicious food and snack for me wner
popular deding during the this fav
season is B Tango in Canon b Tango in
Mandarin white honeycom cake in Malay
steamed rice cake Soo or CLE white sugar
sponge cake just for this stepbystep
recipe R use is made from rice flour
white sugar water coconut milk and yeast
for a few hour fermentation and
steaming
[Music]
now let get
started Matra for the warm coconut milk
when you tight the coconut milk on your
fridge add two typ spoon coconut milk
into a heat resistant glass and cover
with a li simply put a microwave in heat
for about 26 second under 38° C that's
is perect temperatures to put the yeast
together and sit in the oven should be
under 38° C for 20 minutes or until B
[Music]
lights add water to the rice flour and
mix
[Music]
well first to go with water I coconut
[Music]
there
[Applause]
[Music]
Redberry P syrup rice FL mixure STW and
leite
Cho add the yeast mixture to the cool
rice flour mix together until
Smo C and put in the oven ferment for
one to 2 hours the fermentation
temperature should be under 40° C GRE
Sun steam our medium high heat for 30
minutes rest for another 10
[Music]
minutes after that Cut the Cake into any
sh surfing M and
enjoy it had a coconut flavors and
Street taste it should be spongy soft
cherry and unit the texture is lovely
and highly reconation out of the
original Chinese version is content to
water and P life but I use coconut milk
instead to make this cake taste more
fragrant and look more bright and white
in
color I love this pretty bright white
color it's very soft puffy and chewing
texture Su say unique and Wonderful
Chinese steam roice cake but go in Kon I
will see you guys next
time