what edition coming to you for a how
calm and I want to talk to you about how
to treat your dry hair or your dry scalp
now I love olive oil but for some people
especially if you have thinner hair
olive oil can be a little bit too heavy
if that's the case you can also use
flaxseed oil flaxseed oil is just as
hydrating as olive oil it's just a
little bit lighter and what you want to
do is take a fine-tooth comb like this
and part your hair and sections then
take a little bit of the flaxseed oil
really massage it into the parts and all
over your scalp and then work your way
all the way down your hair giving little
extra attention to the ends now I live
in California flaxseed oil is pretty
easy to find around here but if you are
having a hard time finding flaxseed oil
the best thing to do is to hit a Whole
Foods or your like your GNC anywhere
that they sell vitamins where you also
can get it online and you can buy it in
the pill form just like this and you
just take scissors cut it right at the
tip and then squeeze it all out just
like that you see how much thinner that
is then olive oil this is a great
treatment for your hair and I'll tell
you what else I do I like to use it
under my eyes at night to is a great
little eye serum that's the benefit of
flaxseed oil that's how you prevent dry
hair and dry scalp I'm Kelly West for a
accom
you