[Music]
hi I'm Pamela Salzman welcome to my
cooking show good to have you here today
today I'm going to be showing you how to
make a very popular drink at the moment
and one that I actually enjoy myself
which is a matcha latte I get a lot of
questions on Instagram about how to make
it and I thought this would be a perfect
video to show you so I first want to
just talk a little bit about much I like
what is it why all the hype well the
fact is is that it really is good for
you and it's kind of like a tea but you
don't brew it like a tea you're actually
consuming the whole leaf which is ground
up they're like young kind of green tea
leaves and they're grown in the shade so
when they are grown in the shade they
develop something called chlorophyll
which is really good for you lots of
antioxidants and something called
l-theanine which is also really good for
you and it gives you this like
stabilizing calm feeling but at the same
time the matcha also has caffeine so it
keeps you kind of alert which is perfect
I'm actually really sensitive to
caffeine and matcha is one of the only
caffeinated drinks that I can consume
and feel really good at the same time so
there's a couple of ways that I'm gonna
show you how to make matcha you can just
kind of make it the straight way with
hot water and you dissolve all of that
powdery you know substance in your hot
water and then just drink it straight
and you can also make it into something
like a latte whether that's with real
milk almond milk coconut milk you can
sweeten it you don't have to but a lot
of people are also using matcha in other
ways not just drinks by putting matcha
into your chia pudding in a smoothie
even in things like pound cake now I'm
not gonna say that consuming matcha and
a pound cake is the best way to get
those benefits but it does add a nice
fun green tint to different things now
when you're choosing matcha I
really like the ones from Japan those
are the highest-quality ones that you
can get if the matcha that you have has
like a brown tint to it it's not great
quality and I hate to say it but you get
what you pay for the more expensive ones
are gonna be the better ones so let's
get started with making some matcha
there's a couple of ways that you can do
this now the traditional way is to have
a matcha bowl and then a whisk and some
people have this little scooper I
actually don't have all those things I
do have a whisk which I'll show you now
but any wide Cup will do and I use about
a teaspoon of matcha powder per 8 ounces
of hot water I don't use boiling water
just hot water so if you have an instant
pot on your sink you can totally use
that otherwise just water from your tea
kettle is fine and when you first put
your matcha in the cup don't add all
your water at once you just want to add
a little bit almost to make like a loose
paste and then you're gonna take your
whisk and go in kind of like a w or an M
motion and just keep going back and
forth back and forth back and forth
it'll take you a good minute or so and
then once you notice there's some
frothing and foaming at the top it can
get kind of like bubbly almost that's
when it's gonna get nice and creamy and
you've done your job then you can pour
in the rest of your warm water and
there's your matcha then you can feel
free to add a little sweetener if you
like but that's pretty much a basic
matcha another way that you can go if
you don't have the whisk is you can take
something like an arrow Chino or a
frother and again start with a small
amount of hot water make sure that it's
enough to come up above the frothing
unit and then just press on at this
point though you want to start with cool
water in a frother because it won't work
if you have hot water it's designed to
just shut off if you're using hot water
so just go for about 30 seconds and
that way the macho will get dissolved
and it'll get nice and creamy in the
same way that you just did it with a
whisk again another way you can go is
with a blender so you can put hot water
into your blender with your matcha just
press on everything will get dissolved
beautifully and will also get nice and
creamy so those are three ways that you
can make a basic matcha what if you want
to turn it into a latte that's also
delicious so some people do it
differently but I like to do it where
it's kind of almost half hot water and
then half an almond milk I don't drink
cow's milk but if you did you could
totally use cow's milk and so you can
heat up your almond milk or again if
you're doing it in a frother like an era
Chino that's gonna heat up the milk for
you so I start off by putting in my hot
water and my matcha dissolve it pour it
into my cup then I add my almond milk
you can add some sweetener at this time
if you like I just press on the almond
milk gets warmed up and frothy and then
I pour that into my cup but feel free to
do it the way you want if you want it to
be all almond milk or almond milk and
coconut milk or all cow's milk just do
it the way you want it it'll just make
it even creamier it's that simple
well I hope you've enjoyed this
technique for making matcha and I'd love
for you to join me in the kitchen again
sometime soon if you have any questions
or if you have other ways that you love
to use matcha please comment below I'd
love to hear your techniques - see you
soon
[Music]