hi guys we are back on this busy life
and we are cooking with Luke and today
we are going to show you how to make
money buddies so first you will need
some of your checks umm rice checks or
corn chips you can do whatever one but
we like you to do both and now let's get
started first you'll want to get some
chocolate chips and you're a little like
snobol that you can put in your
microwave and you will dump the
chocolate chips and then you will after
you have that then you will push your
peanut butter in with the top bit chips
it's kind of hard and it's great there
we go we don't use butter but we cut it
into like little tiny squares so it's
easier to melt quicker oh my gosh this
is hard it's actually actually easy
I guess it's actually a number yeah
there we go they're like trying to stick
to the paper and then you'll want some
vanilla that looks good
I don't you want to eat it and now you
will want to put this in your microwave
for 30 seconds and then you want to stir
it up and then put it in for 30 seconds
again and then stir it up again until
it's all melted let's go ahead and put
it
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you mom now this is what it looks
like after you stir it now you were to
put it back g-guys so now we have our
chocolate already you don't want to make
sure that it's totally melted and pretty
smooth and then you'll need your chips
on your big bullet X and you can use a
bowl or a garbage bag just a garbage bag
is a lot easier for us oh and make sure
that your garbage bag is clean and how
to use one oh and make sure that your
chocolate is very smooth Arnie now let's
get our checks in
[Music]
it's way harder than it seems guys okay
now you have it all in your garbage bag
now you want to take your chocolate and
start putting it on your checks oh this
looks so good
this looks so so so good guys it kind of
looks like a Nutella if you even know
what Nutella is it looks so good and now
after you have all of your chocolate on
your checks then you will want to close
up your bag and shake it really good
oh one more check right here it's like a
little crown now go ahead and close up
your garbage bag and shake it up now
you'll want to shake
[Music]
okay guys so after you have all of your
tricks covered in chocolate then you'll
want to open it and put your powdered
sugar in but it's a cold day it looks
like snow white okay that's the perfect
time of year because it's around
Christmas in or out this year ready now
really shake it up again oh yeah we do
ready let's shake it up
[Music]
and you'll want to make sure when your
shaky oh should get pretty good but not
good enough that the um that all of the
trance will crack and now this is what
it looks like wait what's the other
taste they're so good
I'll put them in your bowl okay guys
these are such a good snack to like
bring and share a family and chance to
like friends and all of that in certain
churches make sure that you subscribe
this video give it a big thumbs up I
hope you guys liked it
[Music]