hey y'all it's janeir Rose of janer
rose.com back with a new tutorial and
today I am teaching you how to spruce up
those mannequin heads you use them often
why not make them fabulous and I got the
idea from Michelle of my invisible
crystallis all right so the first thing
you're going to need is a styrofoam man
head you can get this at your local
beauty supply store for about $3 or so
the next thing you're going to need is a
styrofoam Bowl because you don't want to
mess up any of your Good China now
you're going to need Mod Podge which you
can find at your local craft store or at
Target it's about $6 and it's a
iridescent glue that allows you to add
any kind of jewels or glitter as I just
stated you're now going to need some
glitter or some Jewels you can find
those kind of things at your local
dollar store or craft store you'll also
need some paint brushes and I found
these at my local dollar for a dollar I
think it was like four in a
pack now we're really getting somewhere
so you're going to need you a mannequin
stand and you can find this at your
local Beauty Supply or Amazon and you
want it to be adjustable so that you're
able to manipulate the
head you will need newspaper I repeat
you will need newspaper and I was lucky
enough to find a wonderful paper that
has Mama Tina and Gucci on it perfect
now you you want to go about spreading
your newspaper you want to cover all of
your surface completely because you do
not want any mistakes on your good
Furniture I don't know about y'all but I
can't afford that on my good
stuff now you want to go about setting
up your mannequin stand this space right
here is where the table will go and the
screw at the bottom is where you will
tighten the stand onto the table you
want to make sure it's as tight as
possible because you don't want any
mistakes and you definitely don't want
your mannequin head to fly off in the
middle of decorating
now that we secured that mannequin stand
it's time to secure that mannequin head
and get ready for the fun part
[Music]
decorating so now you want to pour that
Mod Podge into your styrofoam Bowl as
much as you think you'll need you could
be a little bit generous but don't get
carried
away now you want to go in with your
paintbrush and add the Mod Podge to an
area of your mannequin head right we'll
just start with the face and I'm going
to do two coats of
this this is where you get crunk so you
pretty much just go in with your glitter
you sprinkle over top of it as much as
you want to do I started off with mixing
both it didn't turn out well as you can
see so once you see the final product
you'll see how I did one side all silver
glitter and the front is all of the rose
gold don't be wasting product now so
scoop that stuff on up and put that
stuff up on there cuz stuff is too
expensive it's too high now to be
wasting now this is the part where you
can really get loose and get creative
you ultimately have to look at this bald
head every day so why not make it a
fabulous glittery vivacious bald head so
I love to see what you guys come up with
your last and final step is to seal all
of your hard work and provide a smooth
surface so I'm going to use krylon's
triple thick Crystal Clear glaze which
is a tongue twister but you can find
this at your local Target Walmart or
craft store and this just allows for you
to be able to put your hair on and off
of your mannequin head without pulling
off some of your good
stuff this is my final look we got a
little rose gold in the front as I said
a little silver glitter in the back my
girl didn't ordered some hair but you
know how them vendors do so it ain't
here yet so we going to hook her up real
nice with this scarf cuz she going to
the club and you know she got to get
there before 11: or she fitting to pay
and she wasn't planning on doing that
tonight cuz she don't get paid till next
Friday so we going to hook her up
first thank you guys so much for
watching I appreciate all of your
support if you decide to recreate this
mannequin look make sure you find me
somewhere on social media at janir Rose
on Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr
I'm all over the web so come talk to me
follow me if you like this video thumbs
it up check out my previous video videos
and also make sure you hit that
subscribe button and turn your
notifications on so you know when your
girl got something new for you have a
great weekend bye