hello everyone welcome to yet another
episode of urban scape Bangalore so in
today's episode we will be learning
about how to grow a Gerber Daisy in a
container so first we have a container
and then and then there are some crocks
and some broken tiles so place them
inside facilitate drainage so one thing
that goddess is really like and really
want is drainage because most of my
gerbera daisies have died due to a lot
of water during the rainy seasons and
because of root rotting so root rotting
is one of the biggest causes of a
gerbera daisy dying because it does not
like sitting in water so to amend it to
help that we either use a lot of
drainage materials like crocks and
pieces of tiles like this or amend the
soil with a lot of sand material or
compost so your I have
this is the governor DZ which I will be
planting so the soil I have taken one
east to one ratio of sand
sorry one is to one ratio of soil and
coco peat and then I have added a
liberal amount of compost because
compost the garages he would love
organic matter as well as it compost
helps and helps and drainage a little
better than normal garden soil so I'll
tell you how to plant gerbera daisies it
is very important to know how to plant
them so after putting the the crocks and
the tile pieces just add the soil
added to a level where you feel the
global DZ can be placed conveniently and
I'll check the level so the level should
be a little lower than that of this
particular rep now backfill it in such a
way
that you do not cover the crown of the
plant so which is the crown of the plant
so this is the crown of the plant and
this is where all the flower buds come
from so if you cover it what will happen
is the flower buds will rot and they
will never come so along with it the
plant will also die so do not cover the
crown area because that's the secret of
growing a good curve red easy so if you
see soil covering it just loosen it a
little take the soil away from the crown
I have not tease the roots because it
will not rot bound okay so I also have
some banana peel which I can place it
inside so that it gets the added
nutrition
so once you've added the soil see to it
that you level it take off the excess
soil away from the crown which is very
important and I will keep reiterating
because that's the major cause of re
and then please this container either in
full Sun or I would generally recommend
this to be kept in an area which faces
the West Sun or the afternoon Sun and
not the and do not expose it to full Sun
the whole day just the afternoon Sun
would be good enough for a very good
gerbera harvest so that is it you just
have to water the plant and see to it
that you water it carefully because the
biggest biggest reason of a gerbera
daisy dying is over watering and reduced
drainage so thank you for watching and
please keep subscribing to urban scape
Anglo