and I won't be down I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be showing you how to make an
apple crumble so I'm just out picking
some apples at moment fresh off the tree
go like that these are just normal
cooking apples so we're gonna use some
of these these are best for making
mighty battle crumbles or apple pie so
yeah go and get picking you've got your
apples and whether it's from the tree or
from the local supermarket because
cooking apples are in season one out and
so I've actually I'm going to make quite
a big crumble because I've got some
people coming around so I'm using like a
big kind of oven dish like this this the
recipe I'm going to do is going to be
enough for between 6 and 8 people so
obviously if you don't need to do one
that big
you've only got like a little tray like
this then literally half the ingredients
at the end so you're gonna need an oven
dish you're in a saucepan and you're
gonna need a bowl as well
really so I've got it's about one and a
half kilos of apples there that's going
to be enough for the the big dish that
I've got and all you're gonna do is peel
them chop them and cut cut the middle
bit out you don't you don't even a
little bit and then we're gonna pop them
in the pan that's it I think what the
app is so you're just gonna basically
peel your apples
if you want to cut walk up yeah cut the
inside bit out
okay so you've got all your apples
chopped and peeled in the pan I'm going
to cook them before I put them into the
crumble dish because that's where I've
always done it and it comes out really
good to the apples I'm going to add a
hundred grams of I've got some golden
caster sugar so you could use white
sugar or brown sugar I've got I use
golden cost sugar now I'm going to put
the sugar in I'm gonna put a little bit
of water just to keep just to get it
kind of boiling I'm going to put in full
fluid ounces it's actually for one of my
subscribers but called Brixton blue feet
high
I put apple tree is flourishing and
growing lots of apples another thing I
always do is that if you've got loads of
apples just cook them all up like this
and then you can literally freeze them
in little bags or plastic tubs or
whatever freeze them and so during the
winter you can keep on making your apple
crumble uh-huh good tip okay so they've
only been cooking for about ten minutes
and as you can see they're beginning to
reduce down so this is about perfect
it's really you don't want to be
completely mushy and out of shape just
wanted to be like that so a little bit
cooked okay all your apples are cooking
you just got to make the crumble topping
now in here I've got 300 grams of plain
flour cold butter and we're gonna do
basically is cut it into little cubes as
I'm doing here you can see a little Q
now you're just gonna basically pop it
in
you're gonna rub it with your fingers
it's best to use cold butter it kind of
works better now you cannot actually do
this in a magic mix or in a food
processor and that is quite a bit easier
but I'm showing you the proper way the
traditional way just in case do it have
a blender but normally I do actually
just flip this okay so I got the flour
and butter there literally you just get
the butter and you kind of mix it with
your fingertips you rub it okay so now
after a few minutes from workout it's
kind of turned into bread crumbs that's
where you want it to get to this kind of
stage okay slow bread crumbs all right
now your mixture is like a fine bread
crumbs we're gonna do it's gonna add in
175 grams of sugar you can use brown
sugar I'm using golden caster sugar and
I'm actually going to put in C this is a
little odd ingredient but Sam I found if
you put a couple of tablespoons of them
custard powder in I've got some of it
some birds custard powder it kind of
makes the topping a bit crispier a bit
crunchy so I'm gonna put in two
tablespoons of custard powder so knock
it through trying it I'm also going to
put in a bit I wasn't oats as well so
you can make some oats in you can also
mix some nuts in if you want it if if
you want if you want to make it a bit a
bit more exciting so I'm actually gonna
put just a cup about our cups were right
we harmful carp whatever okay I'm going
to put just a little sprinkle of nutmeg
maybe about a quarter of a teaspoon okay
just a bit more flavor
always remember just to test your apples
before you put them in half okay
so I've actually added a teaspoon more
of sugar because I am a perfectionist
I'll actually pour all your apples in
the dish hmm you can really yummy okay
and then all we're going to do is put
the topping on top and then pop in the
other one should be preheated to about
180 and it's probably going to stay in
the oven for about 30 to 40 minutes
until it all starts going crunchy on top
okay so this is kind of what it should
look like once it's come out of the oven
kind of golden a lot more gold around
the edges and it's kind of on
you