good afternoon I'm Mike CS the owner of
Jiffy window power washing and essential
services and today we are performing the
low pressure steam cleaning of a ceramic
roof uh regardless of the style or the
condition of the roof and its
composition being ceramic being tile or
being concrete there is an appropriate
means and a way of which to clean the
roof first of all I want to bring to
your attention the two layers of
shingles that you see every barrel tile
roof has two specific layers of shingles
they have a lower and then they have an
upper and what we refer to this lower
section as is the valley the appropriate
and correct way to walk a barrel tile
roof is to remain with your feet secured
in the valley walking in the valley
supports direct pressure between the
tiles from one tile to the actual
structure of the foundation of the roof
the way of which we're going to clean
this roof today is by steam uh this is
considered a dual Lance wand that
affords me the opportunity to control
the pressure the amount of water that I
use and the temperature the water as
well so as you'll see this roof is
extremely heavily coated with what we
refer to as gaspa magma it's an airborne
bacteria it's a fungus uh it disperses
from the foliage of the wood lines and
it essentially encapsulates the shingles
as you see here so what we'll do with
the control of this wand is I'll turn
the wand on again ensuring that the
positioning of my feet are directly
located into the valley of the tile and
with very minimal pressure as you can
see combined with heat I can can easily
withdraw and remove the topical ailment
that's causing the discoloration to your
ti I'll take it back and forth in a
sweeping motion which affords me the
opportunity to evenly remove and
withdraw the black discoloration which
again is an airborne fungus and bacteria
so by utilizing extremely low pressure
but very high heat it immediately
emulsifies and breaks down the proteins
which creating and causing this stain to
exist you can see here by the touch of
my hand to the wand we're utilizing very
little to no pressure right around 15 to
20 psi so this is the appropriate means
of which to clean uh either a ceramic a
tile uh or a concrete roof again a mic
jiy thanks