welcome to Professor pincushion in this
tutorial I'm going to show you how to
use the double sided fusible webbing in
order to create your own applique which
you can see a finished one here it's
great for using in projects such as
garments like t-shirts quilting purses
basically any project you can come up
with that utilizes fabric and it's also
a lot of fun so let's get started and
I'll show you exactly how it's done
the most important aspect to create in
your own applique is this which is our
double sided fusible webbing it's kind
of like interfacing except it has the
glue on both sides so we can iron it to
fabric and then iron it on to another
piece of fabric and that's how you
create the applique in my particular
case I have paper on both sides of the
webbing so I can actually peel off one
side of my paper and this is my fusible
webbing right here which is stuck to the
other paper and some of them you'll have
it where it's just stuck to the paper
and it's open on this side whatever case
you have you're going to want to make
sure that the the side that has the
paper that's definitely stuck to the
fusible webbing is up towards you so the
fusible webbing that's kind of loose is
going down towards your table and we're
going to be drawing our design for our
applique so you just need to cut it so
it's a little bit bigger than what you
want your design to be now the thing you
have to be careful of is you're going to
be placing this on the wrong side of the
fabric so if you're doing a design that
is not completely symmetrical you're
going to need to do the mirror image of
that so for example if I was going to do
AP I would have to flip the P over and
do it backwards so then I would draw my
P going that way
if it's symmetrical you don't have to
really worry about this for example I'm
going to be doing my business card logo
here so it doesn't really matter because
it's the same on both sides and it's
always going to look that way so once I
have my design now you could draw it
freehand if you want basic images
usually work best or if you're like me
and you can't really draw you can go
ahead and trace something all you do
since I'm tracing on the paper I can use
a pencil or a pen and I'm just going to
go ahead and draw my design
here's the fabric I'm going to be making
my applicative so I just make sure that
I cut out a piece that's a little bit
bigger than the piece I cut out of my
double sided fusible webbing here we're
gonna do it to the wrong side so I'm
going to flip it over and now with my
fusible webbing if you have the paper on
both sides go ahead and peel off the
paper on the one side that comes off
really easily and we'll lay it right in
the middle of your fabric you're going
to grab your iron and you're gonna make
sure it's pretty hot and you're gonna
lay it right over your design for about
five to six seconds so it's better if
you're not using a really delicate
fabric since it does need to handle a
great deal of heat but working with
Cotton's it should work pretty well
someone says iron are you going to do is
take out your scissors and you're going
to cut out your design now on the line
you create it on the paper after you cut
out your design you go ahead and take
off the back paper and you just peel it
off it should come off pretty easily if
it sticks then it probably means it
needs more heat so there's my
application I'm going to go ahead and
stick it on my fabric that I want it to
appear and the thing is if you are
actually creating a project let's say
you're making quilt squares it is a lot
easier to do your applique knee with
your fabric before the pieces were sewn
together once everything's sewn together
it's a little hard to do the application
process so it's better to do it in the
beginning stages so I want it to appear
right in here I'm just going to stick it
to that and then I'm going to grab my
iron and then I'm going to reapply heat
and this is going to adhere it now - my
black fabric
at this point you have a choice you can
either leave the applique as is you
don't have to finish the edges around it
or you can finish them so just in my
machine you have some choices you can do
a zig-zag stitch you can do this one
that kind of looks like a blanket stitch
you can also do a blanket stitch by hand
and this one right here kind of looks
like a satin stitch this is actually a
zig-zag stitch where I push put the
stitches really close together so they
don't look very much like this they look
more like a satin stitch so whatever you
decide to do if you're going to do a
finishing go ahead and get your applique
and I'm gonna do the blanket stitch and
all you're going to do is just stitch
around the perimeter of your design and
just get as close as you can to the edge
and that's it I finished stitching
around my applique and I think it
definitely lends to a more finished look
if you go ahead and do some sort of
stitching but it's up to you you don't
have to so this is the finished applique
and at this point you're ready to use it
in a project of your choice make sure to
check out our other videos and visit
professorpincushion.com to view our
complete library with well over a
hundred sewing video tutorials new
tutorials are released regularly so make
sure to subscribe to be notified of the
next release thanks for watching