[Music]
I was going to make a different video
today and then I realized I actually
cannot move on with my life until I make
this video because I have been feeling
just so overwhelmed and also
disconnected from pretty much everything
I own and a lot of these clothing items
I've had for a really long time and I
just don't wear them anymore and they're
just sitting in there and every time I
go to get dressed I just kind of feel
overwhelmed by them and then I just end
up wearing the same outfit over and over
again and then I feel uninspired by what
I'm wearing I don't feel like my best
self and it's just become this cycle and
I'm really ready to get out of it a lot
of this is going to go and I'm just
ready to make space for new items
because I don't like having a huge
amount of items because it just does
overwhelm me I'd rather have a smaller
amount of clothing of things that I
really really really like and that's
hopefully what I'm going to do so I'll
be probably selling a lot of this on
deop or donating some of it but I'm just
going to take you guys Along on this
bride
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
last time I did this I literally took
everything out of my closet and threw it
on my floor and and this time around I
realized that was not productive for me
to do because it made it really really
overwhelming and by the end of the day I
just wanted the mess to be gone and it
just was not good so I'm going to start
out by just pining through and picking
out the things that right off the bat I
don't think that I want anymore so I'm
making a pile of those and and then I'm
going to go from there a few rules one
if I'm not obsessed with it I have to
get rid of it two if I haven't worn it
in the past 6 months which is enough
time for it to be like the right season
that I would have worn it it has to go
and three if I wouldn't repurchase it
right now if I saw it in a store or
online it has to go so I'm going to use
those strict rules to actually get rid
of my stuff
[Music]
dress I never wore it it honestly was
always a little bit small on me I've
been saving it for so long for a special
occasion am I ready to sell it I'm not
[Music]
sure tell myself I can keep one thing
then I try to keep everything but if I'm
just like no everything's going then
I'll actually end up getting rid of this
stuff which I don't know if that's a bad
thing or a good quality it to be but I
just feel like I'm like that in so many
aspects of my life or feeling like it's
all or nothing can come in handy
sometimes I guess but we'll
see I already
have already picked all of this stuff
out guess while we're here I'll just
fold the stuff that's up here anyways
and see if there's any stragglers
because this isn't necessarily an
organizational video because I
definitely cannot claim that I know how
to be organized but I do try sometimes
but I think it'll be nice to start fresh
and actually have things kind of clean
so up here I usually keep all of my
hoodies that I like wearing and my
sweaters because they're my favorite
thing to wear and especially when I'm
just like around the house so I always
just stack them up here with some some
towels as well and here is a pajama set
that I decided should go up there too
[Music]
randomly and there's some items my
closet I swear I will never get rid of
ever like this sweater I got this on
Depot probably like two years ago I want
to say but I love this sweater so much
that I wear it all the time I never get
sick of it I never get bored of it it
really is just one of these basic
essential pieces in my closet that I
cannot see the day that I'll ever get
rid of it like I swear I'm going to be
an 80-year-old woman and I'm going to be
wearing this same sweater mark my word
[Music]
the perks of wearing pants that are four
times my size is that when I don't want
to wear them anymore I just give them
right next door to Tyler and then I'll
see if he wears them because we
literally share the same pant size
sometimes which is great and I feel like
these would look good on him I'm more
excited for him to wear these than I was
ever excited to wear them myself I feel
like I could definitely give these more
life I forgot they existed but they're
just this perfect perfect kind of silky
black pant that I got last year these
are a perfect like wardrobe staple I
just forget that I have them and so I
never end up wearing them and I
definitely wouldn't get rid of these
because they're just good to have like I
feel like I would always end up buying
them over again just like in a different
version so of course I should just keep
these your song If It Ain't ly only us
makes you strong
Only Love Makes You
[Music]
free my secret
hideout of clothing is under this bed
people that's how I even have a slightly
clean closet
[Music]
also cleaning out your closet can be
kind of nice because it allows you to
see older pieces that you kind of forgot
about some of the stuff that I am going
through for some reason I pass it over
on a daily basis I just don't notice it
but since I'm taking the time actually
analyze them in a away now I'm like oh I
actually really like this item I kind of
forgot about it or I I've been
overlooking it I like think of a few
outfit ideas that I could wear with it
so then I have inspiration for later in
the
[Music]
weeks you
[Music]
asking stitching reaction
are you trying to you can't take more
than give what good is your song
it
just
Mak only makes
[Music]
free so I think I'm pretty much done
which this actually went by pretty
quickly because I tried to just like
make split decisions I really am trying
to keep my wardrobe in a place that is
more minimal than usual I'm nowhere
close to being a minimalist especially
when you're thinking about your closet
is taking care of your clothing so you
can donate them back so someone else can
appreciate them which is what I try to
do to make sure that I'm taking care of
my stuff so it's in a good quality so it
people actually want to buy it when you
donate otherwise thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in the
next one
oh
[Music]