thank you for purchasing profile
professional grade aluminum launching
profile is the quality choice for
homeowners who want the best edging for
their landscape and profile lawn edging
is easy to install let's get started
step 1
getting prepared first you'll need to
gather the equipment you will use for
the project recommended tools for
installation include a spade hammer
measuring tape and hacksaw it is also
recommended that you wear safety glasses
and lightweight gloves to ensure that
your project looks sharp it is important
to establish a visually pleasing layout
and make sure the edge is clearly marked
before digging if your bed line is not
already defined you can mark your edge
using a rope or garden hose step 2
digging the trench once you're satisfied
with the layout dig a trench by first
driving the Spade straight down into the
turf along the line next remove any
excess turf from the bed area finally
digging from about 6 inches away on the
bedside angle down toward the bottom of
the straight cut remove the excess
material and set it aside for later
you'll want to dig the trench about 1
inch deeper than the edging being set
step 3
placing and staking the edging begin by
connecting as many sections as you will
need to complete the length of the run
or for very long runs you can make
connections as you go connections are
made by offsetting the sections lining
up the connection channels and
telescoping the sections together until
the stake holes line up set the edging
into the trench make sure that the
connection channel is on the top edge
starting at the beginning of the run
holding edging so that it is about 1/2
inch above what will be the final bed
height drive a stake through each hole
until the stake head
rest against the edging you can form
very sharp angles easily by cutting the
edging halfway up from the bottom with a
hacksaw
then laying on a hard surface set a
piece of wood or brick on top and bend
the edge upward to the desired angle at
the end of the run cut the final section
to the correct length using a hacksaw
and drive the final stake step 4
back filling and compacting finally
replace the excess material you set
aside earlier by pushing it up to the
face of the edging then compact it with
your foot to avoid settling your
landscape edge is now permanently set
and you're ready to plant and add mulch
or stone with profile professional grade
lawn edging every project will look
professional and beautiful for as long
as you own your home you can be sure
that the time care you put into
beautifying your landscape will stand
the test of time