with Jamie rate vintage today's DIY is
going to be no sew upholstery I'm kind
of excited about today's video because
it's collaboration with hair 101 with
April look below and you can find her
link her hair channel is amazing it's
all about how to cut color and style
hair everything you ever wanted to know
about hair April knows it when I got
this chair from April it was already
torn apart I have some of the original
fabric so you can see it in all its
yucky 70s velvet miss here she had this
all off and she had the seat undone so
I'm going to show you how to put it back
together the first thing we're going to
do is remove the seat and make sure that
all the staples that are sticking up
have been removed so we've got a few
here that are poking up that we need to
get rid of so that way we don't hurt
ourselves and we're laying down the new
fabric and so it lays right so I just
take my needle nose pliers and remove
any unwanted staples I think there's
also some tools they make that you could
pick up at an upholstery store that also
do is but needlenose pliers is what I'd
have on hand so anywhere I usually use
my hand and then across the front
there's few you don't want these poking
through your chair now that I've removed
the bottom image or all the excess
staples and fabric are gone the next
part is going to be to remove this back
foam we're going to be painting the
chair off white color so we need to get
this off so that way we can get the
whole thing painted without having to
worry about the foam sticking to the
sides we're going to be we're using the
foam so I want to be as delicate as
possible so I'm going to gently take my
fingers and go around the staples that
are holding this on to the back as not
to rip the phone because I'm reusing it
just so that I can loose
now it's got a piece of cardboard that
the foam is hooked to so I'm going to
take my hand and slide it across the
back just loosen it from the staples and
I'm going to do that all the way down so
I can take it off without doing damage
to the cardboard like I just took a
little bit we go so now we've got the
back off and we're ready to paint we
caught a break in the weather so I'm
going to prime the chair outside with
the sprayer and then we're gonna paint
it very chalk mother fresh clean when
we're all done with the private our
primers dry we're going to go back on
with the foot cream our next step on the
chair is going to be tufting zebb
already has my chair painted and ants
outside drying so I'm going to show you
how I do that I use
Brad's that are covered my friend Kathy
and we make it do has a professional
machine that covers the Brad's for me
and all I have to do is drop off the
fabric and she makes them into a nice
neat bride it's got two prongs in the
back so once I poke it through I can
open them up and then it's secure if
you're interested in having some Brad's
done for you we've got the link below to
Kathy's Facebook page got the fabric
laid out I've got a good amount on each
side extra so that way I know I'll have
enough to go around probably way more
than I need but better to have too much
and too little
I start testing in the middle the nice
thing about this is this was already
tufted before so the foam is cut
underneath to allow for the tufting so I
feel where the hole is and I'm going to
poke my button through that and then I'm
gonna have to flip it over around
through the bottom you can see the Brad
right here and I'm going to open up my
hey first one dad about twenty nine more
to go now that I've got my first one
done I'm gonna come to the top and I'm
going to put my next brat in do the same
thing I'm going to fail for the whole
poke it through the middle flip it over
and then open up my Brun so I'm doing
them one at a time and going back and
forth so that way each time I can
arrange the fabric and get the pleats
down into the cracks so now that I've
got my first three done I'm going to
come back to the middle and I'm going to
do the middles
the tops and then the bottoms that way
my pleading effect is uniform across
we're all done I'm gonna take my hands
take the pleading and run it all through
the cracks just so I know it's where
it's supposed to be and then we're going
to do the top part and we're going to do
the same effect to the top and then
we'll staple it to the bottom so this is
the top part of our chair I've got the
fabric ripped off of it and I'm putting
a new fabric on I've made sure to leave
plenty of overlap on each side of the
back so that way I've got room for
tufting and for pulling it through the
chair if you have the original piece
which I did not then you could cut it
based off of that piece and I'd still
give yourself a little bit of slack so
I'm going to start in the middle right
here and do the same process as before
all of our testing is done I've pushed
really hard on all my Brad's
and open the backs as far as I could and
I made sure to use the existing hole so
that way my grid system was even if you
don't use the existing holes in the back
then you're not going to have a nice
even tucked the next step in our process
is going to be to staple a fabric around
the edge of the seat and then we're
going to put the back on and staple the
fabric onto the chair because this is a
tufted seat we're going to need to do
some pleats so that way the fabric lays
flat you could use a handheld staple gun
like this I used a staple gun like this
for a lot of years before I got my air
compressed gun it works out pretty well
because when you staple your arm and all
your pressure is going down into where
the staple is going to work I think I
got this at my local hardware store it
was about 20 bucks since I do a lot of
upholstery I've upgraded to my air
compressed aple gun and actually the
staple gun was only 20 bucks but you
have to have an air compressor to use it
and our compressor is going to run you
anywhere from about 100 to 130 dollars
at your local hardware store great thing
about air compressors you can use it for
upholstery you can use it for your spray
gun or to air up your bike tires so it's
a good investment so I'm going to start
here on the back of my seat and I'm
going to take the first plate that's
down the middle right here I'm going to
pull the fabric into a nice top pleat
and it's kind of I feel you know you
have to kind of feel where it goes and
this is the back so it doesn't have to
be perfect if you don't do this you're
going to get puckers all the way down I
use half inch staples and my psi is set
at 60 once I've got my pleat in there
come across and I'm going to pull as I'm
coming across I've got it nice and even
then I come to my next pleat here nice
and taut
I'm going to come around the rest the
way and then come over it on this side I
always start in the middle that way I
get a nice even pull you want to stop
before you get to the pleat and far
enough in advance so that way you can
fold it and then you can come
the next step is going to be to come
around to the slides so come around to
the side I'm in the middle I've got my
plate unstable you get to the corners
you're going to pull the fabric up from
the middle like so we're on the side
here make another feet we're on this
side just going to going to be in the
back so it's not as detrimental if it's
not perfect
okay so I've got one more pleat I've got
to do right here this is going to be
around where the arm of the chair is so
it's got this little indent here so I'm
actually just going to let the pleats it
in the crack so I'll just pull it across
make the pleat in the crack okay I'm
going to do the exact same thing on the
other side and then we'll come across to
the front it's come around to the front
these plates are the most important
because on this chair they're the only
ones that are going to show so I'm going
to pull the fabric both sides make sure
my pleat is nice and taut and even let's
staple the pin and then I'm going to
come across I'm gonna come across with
the same tightness when I'm at about an
inch from my next pleat I'm going to
make sure that I've got it nice and taut
I'm through Kay the pleat
now that is where I want it I'm going to
staple the pleat in place then come back
and add staples I've got one more pleat
to do and then we're going to go around
the edge the edge is really important
it's got a corner that's really tight
right here and this side is not going to
be seen so I'm trying to make most of my
pleating go off over to the side and
this is what I call a triple pleat you
have one corner here one corner there
and one corner there you have to pull
the fabric taut from this pleat over and
then hold it once you like the way this
looks then you're going to staple it and
then you'll come back this way and
staple smooth the fabric out with your
hand and come across
our bottom is all upholstered and
stapled and now we're going to add our
dust cover this is Oly cloth you can get
it at the craft store it's usually a
dollar fifty to two dollars a yard
sometimes when you take it apart you can
save the existing cover but in this case
it was missing when I got it so I want
to just add this so that way it keeps
everything looking nice and neat and
covers my ugly edges you're going to
start in the middle I rolled under the
edge to make it nice and neat because
this is the front part and I don't know
I just like it that way
so most come around and as they come to
where the edge is kind of showing a
little more I just kind of roll it under
then I'm going to come around to the
other side doesn't have to be too
perfect
because this is the underside of the
chair we have our tufted back on I've
put it in place and I made sure that the
middle tough lines up with the middle of
the chair and I'm going to staple the
top just in the middle and about two
inches on either side before I do
anything else just so I can make sure
that it stays centered so I'm going to
get the pleat just like I did on the
base I'm going to pull the pleat around
back staple it then I'm going to come
across about a staple every inch about
three staples on each side now that
that's secured and I know that I'm in
the middle where I want to be I'm going
to have to do a couple snips before I
can pull this fabric through the crack
here
there's a piece of wood right here that
blocks my fabric from going through here
I'm going to take this and I'm going to
come at an angle and slip this go almost
all the way and then stop I'm going to
do the same thing on the other side add
an angle and stop then I'm going to take
the fabric that I have on each side and
I'm going to push it through all the way
down no you're done when all the
pleating has subsided you're still going
to have a little bit of pleating because
it's tufted but when it's nice and
smooth then you know you're done now I'm
going to do the same on the other side
and then I'll come around and show you
how to staple the back once I can pull
it on the other side then I can pull it
all the way through and then this part
where I cut will come around and into
the side
i'ma do the same thing on the other side
this is probably for me the hardest part
because where I've snipped it I'm going
to have to pull and rip it into place
and so you just want to go ever so
slowly and pull it around that spot
because if you get too much rip damp
start all over again the next part is
we're going to finish going across the
top and then we'll go around each side
so I'm going to pull fabric and staple
folding over my cut edge I'm going to
pull this down and staple that and then
now I'm going to go down the side and
I'm going to staple it it's important
that you pull the fabric against this
side because if you pull back this way
you'll have a gap and that's not going
to look very good and everywhere there
is a tough there'll be a pleat in the
back
if it's not quite tight enough like
right here I don't really like the way
that looks then I can come back around
to the back side and then I can pull it
a little bit more and staple it
it's helpful if you have a second person
they can look around fun as you're
stapling I'm going to do the same thing
on the other side now that I've got the
back done I'm going to do the bottom
start in the middle pull it around so
now we put the seat on we're going to
flip it over and screw it from the
bottom and then we'll put the back on
we're almost done with our upholstery
project for April I went ahead and
staple batting on to the back I'm not
sure if it had batting initially but I
think it always makes it look a little
more finished with batting on it so I
stay fit all around the edge and the
next last part before the trim I'm going
to staple on the back we wanted to use a
coordinating fabric so I went with a
gray and cream stripe then take the edge
of my fabric and fold it over and then
I'm going to make sure where I want my
stripe I want one stripe directly in the
middle so my pleat is a good guide I'm
going to hold it staple right in the
middle I'm going to come over to this
side go across
strikes make it a little more difficult
because they have to be nice and
straight
so now I'm going to come around to this
part where it dips down and you don't
have to fold it I just like to fold it
because I feel like it makes a little
neater for when I'm putting the trim on
so now I'm going to come to the bottom
I've got my whole big piece here and I'm
going to cut it off accepting how many
scissors I'm going to feel where the
bottom is and give myself another few
inches and cut it across I'm going to
take my chair flip it up and make sure
my stripes are straight
that look straight down so once I know
that my stripe is straight I'm going to
start in the middle if you don't start
in the middle you will get crooked
stripes you have to look at each stripe
and staple it right in the middle as
you're coming down so now we're going to
come down the other side don't pull it
so tight that you make your stripes
crooked you've already got it nice and
taut this way you're just going to pull
it over and staple
now that I've got both sides done I'm
going to cut across the edge and then
we'll go ahead and cover our staples
with trim when I start adding my trim
the first thing I'm going to do is come
to the edge where the trim starts and
I'm going to staple underneath then I'm
going to put glue on my trim and go all
the way around we've got our trim all
around the edge I went ahead and
actually went with a thicker trim
because I couldn't quite cover up all my
staples with the trim I had and luckily
I've got a whole cabinet full of trim so
I found one that matched there was a
little thicker and it covered up all the
imperfections perfectly I highly suggest
if you haven't done a lot of upholstery
that you try to use a thicker piece of
trim because it will cover all your
little imperfections and make it look
nice and neat the thinner the trim the
neater you have to be I also added a row
of trim across the front where the seat
mat met the bottom here it had a little
bit of a gap and didn't look finished so
I put one piece of trim across there and
I made it look nice and complete I hope
that April likes her chair we're going
to take it to her and find out be sure
to go to the link below and check out
April's hair channel hair 101 by April
everything you ever wanted to know about
hair cuts colors and styles if you like
this video be sure to give me a thumbs
up and subscribe to Jamie rate vintage
for more DIY