[Music]
hi guys today I want to show you how I
made this miniature sofa start by
placing three sponges on a piece of foam
board and trace around them so that you
can cut out the rectangle now you need
two more pieces of foam board according
to those measurements and cover all of
them in fabric
[Music]
now clue those pieces together like this
to make the frame for the sofa for the
next step you'll need to trace the shape
of the sponges on another piece of
fabric and fold over the edges
accordingly I'm using double sided tape
just in case I want to use the fabric
for something else but feel free to use
fabric glue or hot glue
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and that's it thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did give it a thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
follow Fanning crafts on Instagram bye
you
[Music]