this is a fast and affordable way to
create a DIY chore chart for teens and
kids using a bulletin board so this one
hangs in my hallway and it works by
writing the uh tasks on tags and putting
them on the board and then as the kids
do each chore they're going to pull the
tag off the board and stick it into a
library envelope and then each day
you'll change the tags depending on what
tasks need to be done so the supplies
you'll need are some Tombo dual brush
markers shipping tags Tombo fast F ER
tabs a bulletin board and some Library
pockets and the secret to this is the
Fastener tabs so the first thing you
want to do is figure out what chores you
need your kids to do and write them on
the tags now you can do brush letters if
you do calligraphy you could do
calligraphy on your tags or you can just
block print your letters if that's what
you want to do and I added some notes
here with the other and the fine tip end
of a black dobrush pen so that I could
make sure the kids knew like okay if
you're going to vacuum dust it needs to
be in the living room now I have a mix
of daily chores and I also have some
chores that are done um once a week so
I'm going to make two different stacks
of my tags here depending on what chores
I want done and what I like about using
the shipping tags is they're really
affordable and you could change the
chores as your household needs change
and as the kids get older so like my son
he can take out the trash now but he
probably can't do the dishes but he can
unload the dishwasher but as he gets
older I could make him a tag that says
to load the dishwasher or do the dishes
so um if you have multiple kids too you
could do this colorcoded so what I did
here also is I used red orange and
yellow for my son and then the blues and
purples for my daughter so they know
that if it's blue or purple my son knows
that's not his chore that is Katie's
chore so I just uh put all of my notes
Here onto my tags and um
stacked them up depending on you know if
they were weekly or daily chores that
needed to be
[Music]
done now once all your tags are done
you're going to use some Tombo Fastener
tabs and put those on the backs of the
tags now these are a two-part almost
hook and loop style um Fastener tab so
they have adhesive on each side but the
part where they join together there are
two-part tab
is a hook and loop um type of connection
and I also put some of those Fastener
tabs on the backs of these Library
envelopes and these are what I'm going
to use to store the tags in when the
kids aren't doing those chores at that
time so you can see here I have my
library envelopes on the sides where I
have the um chores that are already done
inside of those Library envelopes and
then I have my three daily chores up on
the board and you can see the Fastener
tab that was stuck there there to the
bulletin board this is a burlap bulletin
board in the Fastener tab totally stuck
to it you can also use cork or even a
piece of foam coreboard if you want to
build your chore chart on that so thank
you so much for tuning in today I hope
to see you here again soon please hit
the Subscribe button at the end of the
video and click on the link to see the
next video see you here again soon bye