[Music]
let's build giant Hydra calm and today
we're going to talk about humidity and
dehumidifiers which we have right here
this is a hydro farm being emit a fire
small one but it does a pretty good job
basically this the emitter fire has two
ways of evacuating the moisture it has a
catch right here that holds about a
gallon and then you have to dump it
third way would be to pull the plug from
the back here and hook the hose just run
run the hose outside somewhere where it
won't affect your indoors because you
don't want any more moisture inside then
you have to it's important to keep your
humidity within your indoor growing
situation at about fifty fifty to sixty
somewhere in there you know forty-five
to sixty that's a good humidity point to
keep within a growing for your garden
anything more or less than that can
cause other types of problems so it's
important to make sure that your
humidity within your grow room is kept
at a certain stage so it's good to have
a a humidistat also that tells you what
the humidity is so you keep an eye on
that and that's all we have today on
humidifiers it's Bill John Hyder calm
Thanks
[Music]