[Music]
run your knife along the skin with a bit
of pressure scraping the moisture off
and pat dry make sure there are no bones
left in the filet than trim you know you
can purchase the whole filet portion
some and use what you need for the
recipe when I was a child my mom used to
say You' get Rosy Cheeks if you eat
beetroots that is so true cut off bottom
and top and wash them beat leaves are
delightful and so healthy just wash them
thoroughly and blinch or steam them for
1 minute and make a gorgeous salad cut
in half beads and shred them and get
your pepper meal
[Music]
ready that should give a little kick
combine sugar salt orange zest and
pepper then spread the mixture all over
the fish add the deal and shredded beads
cover with plastic wrap put some weight
on top and place in a refrigerator and
let cure for 48 hours turning once
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
see you next time
[Music]