so today I'm gonna show you the best in
jet transfer paper I've used that goes
on dark garments right here look at that
I got my Epson XP 330 my Nina transfer
tape my inks my name's right there my
design and the heat press
now this isn't sublimation that's a
whole different process will hold
different equipment but we'll get into
that later on all right but right now
I'm going to show you how to put
pictures on the shirt so they might
custom business I get a lot of birthday
shirts recipe shirts is a very
affordable way of doing that you know I
love you notice hey new he prints right
here and press 15 by 15 I'll tell you
where I got it for a great price
I'm not gonna use those Amazon ones
anymore upgrade your baby for only $40
more I'll tell you more about that not
to drive know about this right so the
first thing we need to do is print our
design so I'm a pretty picture of my
family and also I print a picture of my
logo and we'll see how they turn out
what I like about that episode it's beep
beep turn it this is very affordable to
get started you gonna read no I
materially good I'm also gonna tell you
the bad the good about this printer is
that it's great to put pictures on
shirts for example in my business where
I make custom shirts I just screw
printing and heat transfer by noon I
can't hit up a laugh for recipe shirt
and birthday shirts and that's great for
this printer cost seventy four dollars
the sheets seventy-three cents apiece
and the ain't my name is cust about
thirteen dollars and I get roughly
thirty pages of being roughly but she
stopped always tucked up I need to start
clothing brand to make your design you
know
you make complicated designs this isn't
good for that like for example this
ice-cream friend of this you wouldn't be
able to do this with this type of paper
alright so just keep that in mind if you
want to square the local perfect if you
wanna put a picture on the shirt perfect
to make your little design not so let's
trim this and it's apply it on the shirt
and I'll tell you how it is so if you do
the math for roughly two dollars you
could put pictures on shirts after you
invest on the printer the paper names
and the key press of course so the next
year we got to do is we gotta preheat
the shirt just to make sure the moisture
is another shirt
I hope two little pieces of tape to make
sure
[Music]
[Music]
I make sure to take out the tape right
before I pressed it 350 degrees 36
windows now let's check it out
and another thing about this they whoa
it's cold peel but also this inkjet
printer only works on con shirt does not
work on 50/50 polyester nylon none of
those things only content because that
dye and the polyester is gonna bleed
through the transfer paper ends well
thinking it look that's good
so each it only four hundred percent
cotton shirts give up pretty good family
is everything with some vinyl on it but
you know still good ideas about you know
what I love me the paper is a little
thick of the shirt well none of my
customers have ever complained because
it's like once again the top of shirt
staying in our rest in peace which they
only wear once or twice it is mainly for
memory shirt not for fashion and
birthday shirts also you know it's for
one or two days as a memory shirt
but the paper is kind of thick and
that's why I'm find it
to start clothing brand but hey let's
yeah this one does
and I would like to take a second to
think today sponsor Ghoulie visionaries
so many people contact me to make their
shirts but right now I don't have the
time to work on any custom orders I'm
sorry but I do have your solution my
sponsor visionaries make shirts
hoodies track suits decals it's so much
more they always ask you what's your
vision so they could help you with your
movement they want to make your vision a
reality and you might be wondering ready
how much does something like this cop
custom shirts start $15 so go hit him up
if you want that custom shirt you've
been wanting and I know a lot of
companies they ask you to have your
design ready to have their vector now
let's go to visionary all you have to do
is send him a picture what you want and
I'll make it happen
once again thank you cozy visionaries
for sponsoring this video and I'm glad I
got other sponsor today cuz man so many
people heat me up for custom shirts and
now I got someone to send them and I
know you truly love to help people
because those are great prices I will
know I used to charge $25 in a shirt so
go ahead and my boy glue missionaries on
Facebook Instagram and his website to
get those awesome prices
and that's it you know this paper even
though is a little bit thicker the paint
that they come out is less relevant I'm
very sure nothing but compliments and
you already know I will be using
something if it wasn't good and I
wouldn't be recommending it if I didn't
believe in it and I believe with this
brand right here of chance of paper so
let's talk about the C press for a cool
minute so the people HP contacted me
some my videos and told me your rage
which is working with that low budget
heat press from Amazon we want to hook
here with something better and they did
got here in two business days
the Empress fifteen by fifteen and you
might be thinking what Reyes what's
wrong with the Amazon heat press and
hypothetical person I'm glad you asked I
bought the Amazon he pressed four times
in total the last time I bought one was
in December 2017 I have started much
business back in 2016 why would I find
Anarchy president year after starting
simple answer my last he first stopped
working
yes they're very affordable and they
paid for itself in no time but they're
not reliable my first C press stop
hitting up the second deep breath I gave
away after six months because I have
sold my business for the first time then
I got back into a year later and thank
you friends left me about a year for one
day
I keep rest assured I stopped smoking
sparks coming down the back of it man I
got the date and the wires have melted
apart I had no way to call for help
I have no work to buy part and Yuri no
not warranty it was after a year and
that's why I had to reinvest
got so used to buying he presses that
cheap but I knew it was only gonna last
me a year and I would have to reinvest I
mean that but raise the one some company
costs way too much and I thought the
same thing that's why I was but too
cheap he presses I'm not going to pay a
thousand dollars when I go to Amazon and
buy one for 200 and this is why I'm so
glad this company contacted me that he
predicts send me two hundred and forty
dollars so let's compare Amazon customer
hundred this one 240 Amazon you first
came with no technical support so
something went wrong oh you got a bit to
yourself if something goes wrong is the
Empress I got a phone number I could
call Monday through Friday and you know
how long you have technical support for
six months no one year no five years now
I'm life time homie and you know what
you let go my testing so come back in
part 2 when I call him up in 20 years to
make sure it's lifetime now let's say
you meet a part for the Amazon he print
what do you do
whoa like I said you do have a one year
warranty with the Amazon he prints but
that's for quality reasons and they just
give you an email I mean it's something
you're asking for a refund on email man
that just an extra headache with the
Empress if you need a part they have
replaceable parts right there then they
will send you for free and before
that warranties up or you can just buy
it
what's great is that you have a phone
number you call Monday to Friday qu you
can even contact them through Facebook
and Instagram now you might be thinking
or Reyes
I don't care about the technical support
or the warranty I just want the cheapest
he print that go fine look I'll be
honest with you you want the cheapest he
purrs on the market go get it
I know that's why I was looking for each
time because I assumed there was nothing
that affordable and that's why I kept
pre buying the same keep press over and
over again but now that I found
something better
for just $40 more not going back to the
Amazon press never if you're tired of
money and you don't have the extra $40
go to Amazon and buy that heat print Hey
sometimes you have to do what you have
to do to save a buck but from now on me
personally I'm only going to be using
the Empress fifteens now they didn't
make me an affiliate planner but even if
they did it if I knew about the Zebras
before no second thoughts well that's my
review and opinion if you still want to
go to Amazon go I'm not going to stop
you but if you're ready to step up your
game link in the description below and
other projects you saw in this video
also in the link below hope this review
was valuable to you and I'll see you in
my next video hey I'm thinking about
getting into sublimation so make sure to
subscribe
[Music]