hi Doug Lynch A1 mold Solutions the
question that we're answering today is
how can my house plants help me to
prevent mold well quite frankly the way
you do that is by cleaning your house
plants let let me explain a little
further a lot of our house plants are
somewhat tropical and if they were out
in the jungle or out in the forest
growing they'd be in moist damp soil the
leaves would fall off occasionally mold
would break the leaves down into compost
back into soil and that's a good thing
however the same thing is happening in
our home with the same plants so you
have to take the time once in a while to
take the dead leaves out of the bottom
scrape that little bit of Earth off the
top reill it a little bit in the pot to
prevent that mold growth from occurring
because when you have mold growth you
have mold Grows by making spores those
mold spores from your house plant can be
going all over the place by cleaning
your house plants once in a well will
help you prevent mold growth in your
home A1 mold Solutions helping you have
a healthy safe home