hey everybody welcome back for today I
am doing an update on this beautiful
prayer plant we have as our centerpiece
on our dining room table in our recent
video that we posted about a year ago
prayer plant a routine its called
routing prayer plant with earthing we
used a grounding technique that I read
in Clinton Olbers book earthing to root
our prayer plant cutting that was three
weeks old and not producing any roots
after the fourth week of being grounded
physically to the electrical ground via
the outlets in our house the prayer
plant cutting produced its first roots
which we documented in that video if you
haven't seen our video prayer prayer
plant cutting grounding prayer plant
cutting using earthing please go check
it out because it's very interesting one
of our first videos we did after a year
in a few months our prayer plant is
doing quite well it's very happy and it
seems to be just growing more and more
so if you take a look here look at this
shoot coming up out of the soil that's a
whole new plant we also have more leaves
producing up here so the prayer plant is
doing very well and we have repotted it
once or twice we use moudou compost
mixed with some perlite and some potting
media we get from some local sources
here in Vermont I want to show you this
beautiful pink
Hieu on the bottom of the leaf it's just
absolutely gorgeous
so the prayer plant loves to be the
center of attention so we place it in
our on our dining room table at the
center and we notice it every day and we
send our love and appreciation towards
it
I hope you enjoyed this video please
like and subscribe
stick around for more adventures with
James and Katie and Vermont