hey what's up YouTube I wanted to show
you a video on how to fix your window if
it falls out of the track since you what
happens is the front part of the window
as you can see in through here
here's your better shot this is a glass
ER this will just pop out of this track
and this is a v-shaped track and it's
got to fit right in there and pretty
much don't mess with these bolts here
it's tempting to unloosen them slide it
forward and drop the glass out and
you'll get all messed up it's hard to
get that back on so just leave this ugly
back tighten down and there's these
access holes here's one and the other
ones right here and you can get at the
bolt i don't even show it to you but if
you lay this is a window you can get at
the bolt there too what you want to do
is basically work the window all the way
up to the top and then you'll have to
loosen this bolt here and on this one I
don't know if this is busted if it's
supposed to be this way but there's a
nut on the other side and it's like
really hard to get to so I just got a 10
millimeter wrench and I dropped it down
through the top here put it on the back
of the nut there and then I just use a
drill so enough to spend too much time
going to loosen this up basically I took
this all the way out because it wouldn't
slide far enough forward and I think
there might have been some damage this
or something that's why it's not working
but basically I took this bolt all the
way out which is kind of tricky to do
because that nut will fall off the back
anyways you slide this bar all the way
forward with it in them get it back in
the channel make sure it goes up and
down then bring it all the way up pull
this all the way back and then put the
nut back on tighten it back and that
will hold this bracket see it's hooked
on the bolt right there it'll hold the
bracket where it needs to be and then
you want to lube this these rubber rails
of silicon true
I like this heavy-duty one by CCRC just
spray that up up and down the channels
and stuff here and then I have the
window back working because it was all
the way out of the track another thing
you want to watch for is a like right
here is binding and that's probably
maybe threw it out of the track I don't
know that comes with keeping these well
lubricated because they can't dry out
over time and another tip I didn't show
you is the door panel on over there you
just take the door panels off you just
take this screw off here there's a screw
in there you take it out and you fiddle
around take this off and there's
electrical connectors you got to watch
for those you just push the center tab
and pop them off and then I put it all
back together so I could work the door
and these panels are just held on with
the little rivet plastic rivet deals
that go on in there and he's my favorite
I call it a panel tool but I think it's
really an upholstery tool but it works
just like one I just slip these in here
pop these out work my way around this
vehicle is missing its vapor barrier
which means it's going to get water
inside it's going to mess up the the
door panel and stuff like that so should
really keep these vapor I used to take
them out so I found out why they were
there every door leaks when water runs
down this thing it's made to run down
and there's holes in the bottom of the
door that drains out by not having that
barrier there that water will come on
the side and get into your electrics and
all kinds of stuff anyhow I hope this
video makes sense and helps you out so
basically that's all there is to it's
just kind of time consuming and there's
this nice having the door working again
here in the window so I hope this video
helps somebody out out there if you
liked it give me a thumbs up and if you
subscribe when I really small videos as
soon as they come out thank you for
watching