[Music]
hello I'm Karen ridges from Veggie
Vision TV and today I'm going to be
showing you some healthy cooking
tips hello today I'm going to be showing
you an easy way of how to cook leaks a
very versatile vegetable and packed full
of vitamins a c and some B vitamins as
well so first of all give it a bit of a
rinse and get a nice sharp knife an easy
way just to chop is to chop the stalk
off and then to get rid of the very dark
leaves at the end now you can bake leaks
sprinkle some dairyfree cheese on top
and roast in the oven today we're just
going to pan fry them so I like to have
them fairly
chunky and
maybe an
inch
wide now that's enough maybe for one or
two people just on the side of your dish
so we're just going to literally pop
these over to the frying pan turn on a
medium heat I like to add a dash of
olive
oil really doesn't have to be too much
olive oil and the trick as well is to
add some water now we Ed alkalized water
which is much healthier for you however
you can use filtered water and when the
leaks the cooking um water and goodness
is going to come out however if we add
water to the pan as well then the leaks
are actually going to retain more water
so we can leave them cooking away and
another little tip is I would say never
use uh regular salt however we use
Himalayan pink rock salt and literally a
little sprinkling on
top and you can leave them for maybe 5
minutes so it's been about 5 minutes
that's all it needs um the water has
disappeared and you can really smell a
really tasty lovely smell so we're just
going to move them from the Heat and pop
them on here remember you can have leaks
finely chopped up and have them Roar in
a salad as well which is
lovely maybe with a little more
olive oil on top you can have some more
Himalayan rock salt or a little dash of
pepper but there you go easy peasy
really healthy leaks