hey I'm going to teach you a real simple
recipe for making homemade strawberry
watermelon wine it's a real simple wine
to make you can make it in the kitchen
with less than five dollars worth of
ingredients and materials and usually
you've got the stuff right here in your
house already to make it with the things
you're going to need for this one you'll
need one balloon and one rubber band you
need a blender you need a small
measuring cup cover the hole around a
one cup will be fine you'll need
something to extract the juices from the
watermelon I use a coffee cup but
anything with a flat bottom will work
this amoun you're going to need to a
pretty good sized bowls and as you can
see the bowls will be for holding the
juice when you want a member you need a
colander I prefer one with small holes
like this one that keeps the majority of
the pope from getting through into the
wine itself you will need a small funnel
you'll need a quarter ounce package of
yeast Y and yeast if you have it if you
don't have wine be stricken with baking
yeast forward this is good you need a
nylon stocking you'll need a half a
pound of sugar which I've got this
container here and you'll need a gallon
jug the first thing you're going to want
to do is take one whole watermelon and
cut it up to take separate it from the
rind and cut it into cubes and you're
going to place it into one of your large
bowls I'm not going to be doing this
part them today I've already got that
part down I'm just going to take you
through the process and then once you've
got your watermelon cut up and into
one-year bowls you're going to take your
carpet mud or whatever you plan on using
- its strategy PSA's and you're going to
via a circular motion mashing down on
the watermelon to extract the juices
once you've got that done you'll take
your colander and place it in your other
bowl you're going to take your juice and
pour it into your colander and what it
does it allows the juice to seep through
while keeping any pulp from the
watermelon itself in the colander and
then you would just empty your poke back
into your other bolt and you repeat that
process you're going to probably have to
do that at least three or four times
before you get all of the juice
extracted from the watermelon and once
you have all of your juice extracted
from the watermelon and you've got it in
your bowl you're going to take the juice
and pour it into your measuring cup at
this point we're going to take the nylon
stocking and we're going to place it
inside the gallon jug you can see with a
little bit hanging down you're gonna
roll the top of it up and fit it snugly
across the open and every jug to make
sure it doesn't come off when you start
pouring the juice and as you can see
I've already got that watermelon juice
in the still you can then take your
measuring cup
I'm bringing it over here you're going
to place your funnel inside the nylon
stocking like that and you're going to
pour the juice into your funnel and once
you pour it all the juice from your bowl
into your stocking you're going to wait
for that used to see three stocking and
know that the purpose of the stocking is
just to catch the pulp any pulp that
made it through the colander and get
caught in the stocking and once all your
juice let's float it through you're
going to double check your stocking to
make sure it's still tied around there
and at this point you're going to take
your strawberries and put them in a
blender I use 16 ounces of strawberries
you can use more or less depending on
the taste that you're trying to achieve
if you place your strawberries in the
blender and you're going to want to
blend them until you get a pureed until
it's just as liquefied as it can be and
when you can't get it any more liquefied
then you're done but you want to use it
as liquefied as you can and once that's
done it's like the watermelon you're
going to take your strawberries and
you're going to pull them through the
funnel into the stocking and wait for it
to seep through the stocking into the
jug and once all the juicing the pulp or
separated you're going to remove your
stocking from the jug and at this point
you're going to place your funnel and
back in
and you're going to pour a half upon a
sugar and 1/4 ounce of yeast into this
mixture
you generally want to use 1/2 a pound of
sugar per gallon of wine holder hours
per guy you're just going to going to
help that process along and it takes a
few minutes with the seafood now a half
of pound of sugar is really not not as
far as sweetening those four gallon of
wine but you know you go at this point
is not for the sweetness you don't want
to add any more sugar because it's
actually alcohol or dissimilar to turns
to alcohol in the fermentation process
the first time I made this I put about a
pound or so sugar in it maybe a little
more thinking you know is just going to
make it sweeter and what I ended up with
was basically what a middle moonshine so
if you don't want to real strong a
spirited tension and then once the
fermentation process is complete is more
sweeter emotional
now that we've gotten a half a pound of
sugar and a quarter ounce of yeast in
wine we want to fill this jug rested way
up with water so let's do that
now we've got our gavin joke fool so
we're going to place the top on it shake
it and you're going to want to shake it
until everything in there is well
blended and I haven't done this right
now because I'm operating with one hand
but you shake that jug until all your
sugar and yeast and everything is
dissolved and everything is well blended
together and once you've got that done
you want to remove this cap it's very
important that you don't leave the cap
on while the wine is fermenting or else
it'll just build up pressure and the
just going to float and you're going to
have a bad mess now if you got your cap
back on you're going to take your
balloon and your rubber band and fit it
over the opening of your jug over here
I've got to jog it off I made last night
you can see what I'm talking about you
just want to take your balloon there and
put a rubber band or a hair band or
anything as long as you can get it
around that tight around the rim of the
jug and that's to keep the balloon from
popping off also it's very important
that you make a way to vent so you want
to take a straight pin or something
small like that I use the small fish
hook
but you just want to take something man
poke three to four holes in the tip of
your balloon and what that does is give
it room to vent as the wine ferments it
releases gas and the gas can escape
through the pin holes in the balloon and
this also works as an indicator for when
your wine is ready as long as this
balloon is bloated up like that there's
still gas being released is still
fermenting when the fermentation process
is complete which usually takes three to
four weeks the balloon will deflate and
just fall over limp and that's how you
know it's ready
as you can see it's got a rich dark red
color right now that won't last as it
begins to ferment more it will turn
clear this is a white wine the
fermentation process will remove all the
color from it if you're going for red
wine there if you just like the color
the watermelon lime like it is now then
once the fermentation process is
complete you'll need to add food
coloring which want to fake the flavor
or anything like that come over on this
side and maybe yeah you can see the
fermentation process happening right now
you see the bubbles rising that's
fermentation that's what that looks like
and you're going to want to store this
wine in a cool relatively cool place and
a dark place it does not need to be
exposed to sunlight for the dinner calls
it somewhere like that'd be fine and you
want to keep it between 70 and 74
degrees is ideal for it
that's going to give you the best flavor
and all that and I said this should take
about three to four weeks and this one
will be ready to drink and what you want
to do when the fermentation process is
complete it will have a little bit of
pulp and particles that made it through
both the colander and the stocking
there's just no way to avoid it if you
don't want that in your line I would
recommend taking an old pillowcase or
something like that something that's not
you know porous enough for any of the
particles to make it through and just
stretching that over a large bowl and
pour the line right out of your jug
across that pillowcase whatever you're
going to use to help strain it one more
time and then take your finished product
and put it in whatever bottle or jug
you're planning on drinking got up and
that's all there is to homemade wine I
hope this works out for you I hope you
enjoy it