hi ni I'm Chef Tom I got a request from
my YouTube friend will like me to make a
cheesecake I got this uh gram cracker
crumbs from Kroger I just follow the
direction add some sugar and melted
water and we're going to make the crust
first we're going to mix it up then I
pour into my spring foam pans I um wrap
with the Al aluminum wrap and just going
to uh spread out nice and evenly and
just press it
down and I preheat the oven uh to 350
and we're going to bake it for 8 minutes
and
uh let them chill after
that now my oven's ready and I've
impress that this uh crust down pretty
good just using my uh palum and finger
tip uh if you want to use like a Ramen
Canen or something to press it down will
be okay and there some other um uh crust
already
pre-made you can get from the store
they're not that expensive we got a
bunch of this at home because sometime
we want to uh just make a quick dessert
for the kids all right I think that's
ready I'm going to put in the oven now
I'm going to make my cheesecake filling
I got this cream cheese and sugar at the
room temperature and I'm just going to
uh mix it in
[Applause]
I mix about a
minute nice and fluffy like this and
then I'm going to add my uh heavy
cream and uh sour
cream some vanilla
extract a pinch of
salt and I'm going to mix again
after another
minute I'm going to add my eggs at the
room temperature one at a
time then I'm going to add some flour
and we don't want to uh combine and
blend it too much we don't want to
create a lot of a in the
filling so um I think another half
minute so until everything nice mixed
evenly and then we're ready to uh put it
into the crust that we already made it's
nice and cool off
now after mixing I just use my spatula
going to mix it up like folding a few
times let let them nice and set like
this now we going ready to fill into the
crust make sure your crust is nice and
cool like
that
okay and then just going to use my
spatula going to mix it up spray out
nice
evenly I got my oven set for
3:25 and we going to uh bake it in the
oven for hour and uh 20 minutes A
variation on the oven some are hotter
than the other one and then I'm just
going to after that I'm just going to
let the cheesecake cool in the oven for
another hour to hour and a half without
opening the uh the cover so just let
them cool in the oven and at the
meantime I'm going to use the water bath
method I'm going to pull down hot water
in this uh tray and then uh the oven
just about ready to go I just got the
cheesecake out the oven looks really
good after uh baking for hour and 20
minutes on 325Â° I let them uh rest in
the oven for another hour and a half and
now it's nice and cool still a little uh
temperature but lightly warm I still
have some water in my tray and um what I
do is uh this a spring form pan usually
you can just take it apart and
everything will come out beautifully but
just in case I'm going to use a knife
and go around the oh go around to uh
just in case some uh edging still stick
to the pan seem like they fall apart
pretty quick we have cream cheese here
but uh uh if you want you can spray like
a b butter or grease butter around the
rim will be safer but uh that's good
enough so I'm going to leave it out at
the room temperature for another hour
and I'm going to keep in the
fridge now the cheesecake is nice and
cool and I put the aluminum foil cover
up nicely I'm going to keep in the
refrigerator for overnight here's the
cheesecake I cut a piece and I top in
with the homemade blackberry and
raspberry puree I put like one cup of
the raspberry fresh and one cup of the
raspberry add 3/4 cup of water and half
cup of
sugar and then I let them bring up to a
boil reduced down for 20 minutes and I
use the immersion
blender to blend it nice and thick here
we go I hope you like the video I'm Chef
Tom thank you for watching bye