hello I'm Simon Whistler you're watching
the today I found our YouTube channel
and in the video today we're looking at
whether or not it's safe to eat cheese
rindes whether or not you should eat a
cheese rind depends entirely on your
taste this is because even the most
unpalatable rinds are in no way
poisonous or dangerous to eat often
imparting a unique and even
complimentary flavor consuming the Rind
along with the headline Act is
frequently recommended for some cheeses
on the other hand not everyone enjoys
the flavor or texture of even the
mildest rinds and in fact several
prominent cheese experts discourage rind
consumption altogether for those cheeses
that have a rind it may serve one or
more purposes such as imparting flavor
retaining moisture and protecting the
cheese from the air and the elements
generally speaking the harder the Rind
the longer the cheese has aged if you
choose to eat the rind it will help to
know a little bit about the different
types of cheeses and their rinds to see
just how daring you're willing to be as
a general guide to cheese rind eating
here are several families of cheese in
terms of rinds or black thereof fresh
cheeses like ricotta cottage cheese and
feta are rindless so eat away bloomy
rinds cheeses like bri and camon Bear
have lovely white rinds that are soft
easy to chew and add a delicate Umami
flavor like mushrooms that many people
enjoy you should however know that the
bloom comes from penicillin candidum a
special type of mold that is
purposefully sprayed on the Cheese's
surface nonetheless despite it moldy
composition these bloomy rinds are among
the most appealing in terms of taste and
texture washed rinded cheeses are
slathered or washed in any variety of
products including beer and wine to
encourage the growth of flavor imparting
bacteria and mold that add a distinct
flavor and usually make the cheese a bit
stinky these may also be washed in a
brine which can leave salt crystals
behind on the rinds that impart a grainy
texture examples of washed cheeses
include mster and tleo cheese these
rinds may be pinkish gray reddish and
even a bit mled the rinds of natural
rind cheeses as the name would suggest
form naturally without the addition of
micr Flora mold or even a washing of
course this doesn't mean they won't end
up with a bit of mold that naturally
exists in the environment with one
well-known type Tom de savoir between
the craggy crust sometimes dotted with
its natural mold and strong smell the
rind on a Tom produces ammonia as a
byproduct even DieHard rind eaters will
usually stick clear of this one blue
cheeses have a variety of rhines from
the naturally developed like Stilton to
those wrapped in Sycamore leaves like
cabales the rinds of these cheeses which
can also include simply foil and plastic
are not traditionally eaten but again if
it's your cup of tea do eat away because
it won't hurt you hard cheeses are
typically aged for long periods of time
and after in some cases years of Aging
their rins become pretty tough in
addition given their long aging process
these cheeses may have been wrapped in
man-made casing that is isn't intended
to be eaten examples of these cheeses
include GAA with its wax rind and
Cheddar's wrapped in cloth when
experimenting with a new type of rind
experts suggests that you start from the
part of the slice of cheese that is
furthest away from the Rind and nibble
your way outward by this method you will
enjoy the most delicate flavors of the
cheese first and then experience
increasingly stronger flavors if the
flavor and texture continues to be
enjoyable you can continue all the way
to eating the Rind if not the rinds of
many cheeses as parmesan which some find
too strong make for great flavor
additions to a pot of stew so I really
hope you found that video interesting if
you did please do give us a like below
it helps out and subscribe to our
Channel if you haven't already also over
there on the right are a couple of other
videos you'll probably enjoy if you
enjoyed this one and thanks for
watching