what do you think I'm
making brownies Brown you just wish I
was making brownies huh hello people
today I want to share with you one of my
all-time favorite breakfast recipes of
all time it is baked oatmeal It's
actually an Amish recipe I have family
they live in Pennsylvania and they they
neighbors with the Amish basically they
live in the boonies and um yeah so they
like exchange recipes because they're
friends with the Amish and and yeah the
Amish have like the best recipes right
not always the healthiest but always the
most delicious so um my aunt was nice
enough to share this recipe with me many
years ago and it has been a staple in my
house/ my belly for years and
years I've got my helpers back here I'm
sure they're entertaining you um but
anyway so I'm going to show you what you
need and show you what you do it's super
simple super easy it's great for like a
Sunday morning breakfast or really any
day of the week I like it because I can
make it one day and really these two
Scoundrels don't eat much of it and it's
in my fridge for like a week so then I
don't have to think about breakfast what
to eat for a week so I just eat off of
that and it's great so I'll show you
what you need okay and as always here it
is in my recipe book so if you want to
take a snapshot of that go ahead don't
mind my awful handwriting all right guys
so here's what you're going to need um I
don't know the amounts right now I'll go
through that but you need sugar couple
of eggs some oil baking powder almond
extract that is a must if you don't have
it it's not going to taste nearly as
good but it will still taste decent um
these are that's oatmeal oldfashioned
oats and then some milk any kind of milk
that you have not it doesn't have to be
almond milk okay first thing we're going
to add is two eggs and yes I can crack
them with one hand than I am a jack of
all trades here go ahead
Elanor oh oh great Elanor just cracked
her first
egg yeah no her second one she cracked
one on the floor hey no
shells okay next is a half a cup of oil
you can replace half of the oil with
applesauce but who wants to make it more
healthy when you can make it more
delicious Elanor is going to add well
try to add one cup of
sugar and there's really no replacement
for
that and then you want to mix that all
together I use my KitchenAid mixer with
this whisk attachment because I'm lazy
you can also just use a whisk but I
don't live in the Stone Age anymore I'm
just kidding all right once you have
that all mixed up you're going to add
your almond
extract you need one teaspoon of almond
extract you can also add vanilla extract
like alongside of it but I just add um
did I say vanilla or almond you can add
vanilla or almond I like almond my
teaspoon is way too far back so I'm just
going to do that and that's probably way
too much but I'm telling you this makes
the dish taste so much better you don't
want to skimp on this it's a
must unless you hate almonds and then
skip it and then you're going to need
three cups of oatmeal that's one
two three and as you can tell I'm really
precise with my measuring I had to grab
my teaspoon anyway so Elanor is going to
add two teaspoons of baking soda and
then we're going to mix that up with a
paddle attachment or you know a spoon
all right here it is all mixed up and
now I just realized I have double the
dishes to do okay Eleanor is going to
add one cup of milk any kind of milk
that you have go
ahead she's trying not to spill
it okay now that that's all mixed you're
going to grab an 8 by8 tan tan I I wish
I was 10 you grab an 8x8 pan or whatever
size that you have this is like close
enough it's like I don't know if I had
to guess 9 by7 or something who cares
and then just dump in your
stuff and if you're not holding a baby
and if you have two hands you can scoop
all that out with a spoon I'm going to
have Eleanor do
it
yeah okay and you're going to cook it at
350Â° for 30
minutes pop it in in your
oven I know what you're thinking oh my
gosh the baby's so close to the oven
please he's in
danger he's fine okay so here's the
final product I would pick it up for you
but it's so stinking hot all right so
here's what it looks like when it's
done my goodness it smells so good oh
you guys and I already have my bowl
ready because I can't wait to eat some
of this stuff even though it is 5:30 in
the evening and I should be making
dinner right now um this is going to be
my pre- dinner snack um anyway thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoy this recipe and you have it for
breakfast someday because guaranteed you
will love it and fall in love with it
and want it almost every morning oh
bonus oatmeal I have a newborn oatmeal's
great for building your milk supply so
just a little tip for you there oh and
and so many O's ands um if you want you
can add like so many cool cool toppings
to this like extra toppings if you want
like a little brown sugar some walnuts
pecans almonds the more the merrier uh
what else can you add to it I don't know
Sky's limit M&M's chocolate chips my
kids like chocolate and everything so
why not what else can you add to it oh
apples what do people normally add to
oatmeal apples
fruit oh fruit bananas whatever you guys
can decide you have a brain of your own
mine doesn't work very well sometimes
but thank you guys so much for watching
and I'll see you next time bye hello we
have ch and yummy yummy CH and we have
cocoa
powder
and milk and like that and um like um
cookie
powder and like this and two EG banana
we
have
oatmeal
um almonds walnuts
sling almond milk you can use
here and poison
[Music]
powder on this lemonade
oh it's so hot so
hot there it is
Yum who the way breastfeeding is the
only calorie burner I have these days
and um I was cleared to start working
out but um I've told you in the past I
don't plan on going back to the gym I
mean I can do like light workouts and
stuff like that but nah