some people make a paste using the
baking soda and dawn and I just put a
plug the plug that comes with the sink I
just put it in there instead of using a
separate bowl to do that so I'm going to
use some dawn and then you can use more
or less depending on if it's still dirty
or not I don't measure it out I just put
this stuff in there I'm going to use
just a little scrubby like this I get
inform the dollar store three of them
for buck
I'm a sink I always get these little
streaks of dirt or grease whatever it is
and it doesn't come off by itself with
just open water when I went in and
cleaning the dishes and stuff like that
I can't get it off so if you use this
picture on there it comes right off
here's another one
[Music]
about 30 minutes later the mixture is
not as bubbly as it was before and you
can give it a once-over if you want to
with the scrubby
and then we're just gonna drain it and
see how it looks after I rinsed it
really good and wiped it down with a
dishcloth of course it's clean and then
afterwards to shine all the fixtures I
just used some vinegar on a paper towel
that I pulled it up just wouldn't shine
everything give it a nice rub there the
vinegar doesn't stink it neutralizes and
it gets rid of any odors and I think
that looks much better than it did at
first
[Music]