hi I'm Shannon from health improvements
calm today we're going to do a quick
video to show you how to apply drywall
compound on to new drywall walls some of
the first things you're going to need is
the drywall compound itself which you
can find at any any hardware store this
is just a all-purpose drywall mud other
tools you're going to need you're going
to need a drywall tree and this is
simply just to put small quantities of
drywall compound into to work from
you're going to need an assortment of
trowels you're going to need a small
3-inch taping trowel a 5 or 6 inch
trowel and then you know something maybe
in the neighborhood of 8 or 10 inches I
also do have a trowel that's used for
doing inside corners you may like it you
may not but it is handy tool there's a
couple options when it comes to the tape
itself you have this type here that is a
mesh fiberglass tube and it can be
simply rolled off of the roll stuck to
the wall cut with a utility knife and
kind of saves you one step as far as
applying the coat amunt hold it on
whereas this type the paper tape you
will need a coat of mud to to apply this
type of tape but again it's pretty
simple just rolls off tear it with your
hand and apply it into the fresh
compound near the end what you're going
to need is some sanding equipment to
sand the excess compound off once it is
dried so you probably just want a small
sponge like this and the hand sander
with a sheet of the proper sandpaper on
it for
doing so we'll get ready and set up and
I'll show you how to apply first a paper
bead on a street butt joint we're going
to do an inside corner today and an
outside corner okay now we're ready to
actually apply the compound to the wall
and then do our first tape what I've
done I've already pre-mixed the mud and
I put it into the tray that I'm going to
use for taping you want your mud a
little bit wetter than you would for
your other coats so for your main coats
I usually mix my mud with a little bit
of water down to a sour cream type
consistency for the taping again you're
just going to need a little bit more mud
which you can just add into your tray
and mix in so you want it just a little
bit runny er than sour cream I'm not
sure if you can see this but just gives
you the idea what I've got here this
helps because your tape and your dry
wall paper want to absorb so much water
you need a little extra moisture there
to make it bond we're gonna we're
working in a bathroom today so that's
why we've got the green apple board
style drywall it's more moisture and
mold resistant so you know a lot of you
may not be doing a bathroom so you'll
just have your standard gray or white
paper drywall today we've got the green
not a big issue so you start out by
applying them on we're going to be doing
this joint right here and we're going to
apply the mud and then press our tape in
there and squeeze off the excess mud so
basically I've got my three inch trowel
and you can put it on pretty liberally
doesn't have to be real neat I'm trying
to Center it basically on the on the
seen in the drywall so once you have it
on there you take your paper press it
onto the mug
just lightly with your fingers and then
you start by simply squeezing some of
the excess mud out of there you're going
to drop some not a big deal if enough
once you have your first end kind of
started it's going to help hold itself
in place for you and again just go along
as it starts to squeeze up wipe the
excess off on your free just moving
along being sure that the tape isn't
wrinkling or folding all just get along
one be careful not to squeeze all my
dough you still need some mud there bond
properly just clean up the edges there's
no real huge excess and you got it
that's your first coat applying the tape
now we're going to go directly into
doing our inside corner and the
principle is basically the same I
pre-cut some paper to the right length
for the height of the wall the paper
comes with they already started crease
right in the center so for the inside
corner you just need to bend it along
that crease just so you roughly get it
already started on the bend it will just
make it easier to apply it so I've got
that pre started I'm just gonna do a
short piece here just to show you so you
want to apply your mud similar to what
we did on the on the tape there I'm just
going to smear it down the corner just
like so I got to get both sides so now
I'm going to come down this side if you
can see I'm putting it on quite
literally it's better to have more in
there than you need your you don't want
to have not enough
okay so you can see I've got it applied
there fairly thick fairly sloppy looking
but we'll have that cleaned up right
away so now we've got our tape mint I'm
just going to gently press a back into
the corner run my fingers lightly down
there and again just as we did on the
but I want to squeeze some of that mud
out of there
so as the tape pushes against the wall
the much excess mud comes out it's
fairly easy on the corner because your
knife just rides right into the corner
of the drywall and generally not any
problems there put too much pressure
right directly in the corner because the
edge of your knife is sharp it will cut
that paper it won't take you very long
you have to go for that
there's one inside corner it's ready to
go so we've got our bevel flat joint
done and our inside corner now we're
going to do the outside corner for the
outside corner they've got a premade
product made up with paper metal with
paper bead basically fastened right to
it gives your corner some strength and
durability for bangs and bumps that's
what we're going to be using again just
as we did before we've got to apply a
good healthy coat of mud and then we're
going to press the corner into it and ex
remove the excess so we'll just apply
the model in the corner both sides make
sure you're getting a good heavy coat on
there don't forget to thin your mud down
so it's a little wetter than sour cream
consistency
takes a few seconds
we want to do the whole length that's
it's too difficult to do this in stages
so you got to be pulling all in one shot
okay so I've got the model on there I'm
going to take my corner in this case we
want to tie it up to the ceiling so I'm
going to slide the corner all the way to
the top till it butts into the drywall
on the ceiling using my hand I want to
press that corner all the way tight
directly and so we're making good
contact there is a roller apparatus you
can buy for strictly for doing outside
corners now most of you aren't going to
do a big enough project likely to
justify $60 or so for that roller so
just use your fingers make sure you're
pressing in there and it also helps
ensure that your corners straight and
square now we've got going I'm going to
take my three knife again you can see
I'm using a item about a 30-degree angle
against the wall with my blade any any
steeper than that and you're probably
going to squeeze too much of your motto
so we're just working along both edges
again
as your night builds up with the excess
mud just wipe it back into your tree
leave too many lumps and bumps around
the edges easier in the next steps hit
okay just have a quick look make sure
your tape is all stuck on there this one
looks pretty good now we've got to let
that dry usually you know six eight
hours of depending on your humidity and
whether or not it'll be dry enough to
recoat we've got some already set up in
a different stage so we're going to move
on to them and show you the second coat